id,title,text,label
5749,UDAN effect: Bengaluru techies demand air taxi services to cross Silk Board,"Tweet (Image via mygovernmentschemes.com) 
A week after the Government of India announced its new Regional Connectivity Plan for the Aviation industry called the UDAN scheme, a group of techies in Bangalore have now written to the Bangalore Metropolitan Transport Corporation (BMTC) demanding that it too start air transport services. 
In an exclusive to The Unreal Times , Nikhil Chaudhary, one of the techies behind this ingenious proposal told us, “You know the traffic situation. By the time we cross Silk Board, the Prime Minister goes to some foreign nation, signs an agreement, posts a selfie and comes back to India. By the time we cross Marathahalli, Talgo has completed its trials of a train from Delhi to Mumbai. This was getting too much for us. Now, with UDAN, we can actually get stuck less in traffic. The government has proposed a maximum of Rs. 2500 per hour for a flight. Given that it takes us more than an hour to cross Silk Board or Marathahalli, this seems like a good move. The only problem is that the Minister says anyone with hawai chappal can now fly, but our dress code doesn’t permit hawai chappal .” 
When contacted, an official of the BMTC confirmed that they had received the demand. He said, “This will require a lot of work. First we sign the papers, send to the MD, she signs it and then it goes to the minister, he signs and then it goes to the dustbin. It will take us time to process it after that.” 
Meanwhile, on hearing this, Uber and Ola excitedly announced new plans for air-based taxis. 
An Ola official confirmed this. Speaking to our correspondent, he said, “We have run Ola Boats in Chennai during the floods, we were planning Ola Tanks to navigate Delhi’s garbage mountains, why not go for a Helicopter? We can take off anywhere, land anywhere. We’ll charge per kilometre, per minute and of course, take-off and landing charges will be applicable. We’ll also bring back Ola Café and name it Ola Sky Café for our riders. We will run special services just to cross Silk Board and Marathahalli. 
When contacted, Uber too, said that they were serious about launching such services. “We have been investing a lot into driverless cars, but have concluded that cars will get involved in accidents in no time in India, so we decided to focus only on air-based taxis. While we are still researching on it abroad, in India we will take it forward with immediate effect,” said an Uber official. “We have earlier given our Customers Helicopter rides, now we’ll give them plane rides in Bangalore city itself.” When we asked him where they’d be able to find a runway for the plane to take off from, he smiled and said, “We’ll just have to take a leaf from Nitin Gadkari’s book and use Ring Road as a runway.”",0
5750,Mexico Blames Removal of Convicted Felon on ’New Reality’ in U.S.,"Mexican authorities are using the deportation of a woman in Arizona as a platform to promote their consular services pointing to a “new reality” with “severe applications of migration control. ” [U. S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement arrested and deported Guadalupe Garcia de Rayos, an illegal immigrant from Mexico, who had a standing deportation order. The woman was arrested late last week when she went to the ICE office for her yearly  .   In their statement, Mexico’s Foreign Relations Ministry did not mention that Garcia de Rayos, while   had been convicted in 2009 on the felony charge of impersonation for having used someone else’s identifying information to work illegally in the country. According to various news articles, the woman was originally arrested in 2008 during a workplace raid. In 2013, federal authorities issued a removal order and the woman was granted supervised release until  authorities were able to deport her.  While everyday Mexico receives hundreds of deported individuals and the case of Garcia Rayos is considered common, the Mexican government issued a statement on Garcia Rayos’ case claiming that the case showed a “new reality” in the United States.  The Mexican government is further advising any migrants in the U. S. to get close to the 50 consular offices in the country, as they foresee further toughening of immigration enforcement. The Mexican government further state that they expect possible violations of constitutional rights or other violations in those immigration measures. Ildefonso Ortiz is an award winning journalist with Breitbart Texas. He   the Cartel Chronicles project with Brandon Darby and Stephen K. Bannon.  You can follow him on Twitter and on Facebook.",0
5751,Daily UFO Headlines 10/26/2016 | Paranormal,"(Before It's News)
openminds.tv
This UFO spotted over Whitby coastline left photographer ‘freaked out’ – Gazette Live Reports of strange lights in East Valley – 3TV Phoenix The Untold Story of How John Podesta Answered My Question About UFOs – Mother Jones A night of UFO hunting reveals nothing unexplained, but plenty to ‘oooh’ and ‘aaah’ about – WCPO A new theory about life in our solar system – Blasting News",0
5752,Will Barack Obama Delay Or Suspend The Election If Hillary Is Forced Out By The New FBI Email Investigation?,"Email 
Just when it looked like Hillary Clinton was poised to win the 2016 election , the FBI has thrown a gamechanger into the mix. On Friday, FBI Director James Comey announced that his agency has discovered new emails related to Hillary Clinton’s mishandling of classified information that they had not previously seen. According to the Associated Press , the newly discovered emails “did not come from her private server”, but instead were found when the FBI started going through electronic devices that belonged to top Clinton aide Huma Abedin and her husband Anthony Weiner. The FBI has been looking into messages of a sexual nature that Weiner had exchanged with a 15-year-old girl in North Carolina, and that is why they originally seized those electronic devices. According to the Washington Post , the “emails were found on a computer used jointly by both Weiner and his wife, top Clinton aide Huma Abedin, according to a person with knowledge of the inquiry”, and according to some reports there may be “potentially thousands” of emails on the computer that the FBI did not have access to previously. Even though there are less than two weeks to go until election day, this scandal has the potential to possibly force Clinton out of the race, and if that happens could Barack Obama delay or suspend the election until a replacement candidate can be found? 
Let’s take this one step at a time. On Friday, financial markets tanked when reports of these new Clinton emails hit the wires. The following comes from CNN … 
After recommending earlier this year that the Department of Justice not press charges against the former secretary of state, Comey said in a letter to eight congressional committee chairmen that investigators are examining newly discovered emails that “appear to be pertinent” to the email probe. 
“In connection with an unrelated case, the FBI has learned of the existence of emails that appear pertinent to the investigation,” Comey wrote the chairmen. “I am writing to inform you that the investigative team briefed me on this yesterday, and I agreed that the FBI should take appropriate investigative steps designed to allow investigators to review these emails to determine whether they contain classified information, as well as to assess their importance to our investigation.” 
At this point, we do not know what is contained in these emails. But without a doubt Huma Abedin is Hillary Clinton’s closest confidant, and I have always felt that she was Clinton’s Achilles heel. Journalist Carl Bernstein (of Watergate fame) is fully convinced that the FBI would have never made this move unless something significant had already been discovered … 
We don’t know what this means yet except that it’s a real bombshell. And it is unthinkable that the Director of the FBI would take this action lightly, that he would put this letter forth to the Congress of the United States saying there is more information out there about classified e-mails and call it to the attention of congress unless it was something requiring serious investigation. So that’s where we are… 
Is it a certainty that we won’t learn before the election? I’m not sure it’s a certainty we won’t learn before the election. 
One thing is, it’s possible that Hillary Clinton might want to on her own initiative talk to the FBI and find out what she can, and if she chooses to let the American people know what she thinks or knows is going on. People need to hear from her… 
If the FBI has indeed found something explosive, would they actually charge her with a crime right before the election? 
It is possible, but we also have to remember that government agencies (including the FBI) tend to move very, very slowly. If there are thousands of emails, it is going to take quite a while to sift through them all. And of course Barack Obama has lots of ways that he could influence, delay or even shut down the investigation. 
So those that are counting on this to be the miracle that Donald Trump needs should not count their chickens before they hatch. 
But if Hillary Clinton were to be forced out of the race by this FBI investigation, the Democrats would have to decide on a new candidate, and that would take time. The following is from a U.S. News & World Report article that examined what would happen if one of the candidates was forced out of the race for some reason… 
If Clinton were to fall off the ticket, Democratic National Committee members would gather to vote on a replacement. DNC members acted as superdelegates during this year’s primary and overwhelmingly backed Clinton over boat-rocking socialist Sen. Bernie Sanders of Vermont. 
DNC spokesman Mark Paustenbach says there currently are 445 committee members – a number that changes over time and is guided by the group’s bylaws, which give membership to specific officeholders and party leaders and hold 200 spots for selection by states, along with an optional 75 slots DNC members can choose to fill. 
But the party rules for replacing a presidential nominee merely specify that a majority of members must be present at a special meeting called by the committee chairman. The meeting would follow procedures set by the DNC Rules and Bylaws Committee and proxy voting would not be allowed. 
It would be extremely challenging to get a majority of the members of the Democratic National Committee together on such short notice. If Clinton were to drop out next week, it would be almost impossible for this to happen before election day. 
In such a scenario, Barack Obama may attempt to invoke his emergency powers . Since the election would not be “fair” until the Democrats have a new candidate, he could try to delay or suspend the election. There would be a lot of controversy as to whether this is legal or not, but Barack Obama has not let the U.S. Constitution stop him in the past. 
Meanwhile, new poll numbers show that the Trump campaign was already gaining momentum even before this story about the new emails broke. According to a brand new ABC News/Washington Post survey, Donald Trump is now only trailing Hillary Clinton by 4 points after trailing her by as much as 12 points last weekend. 
And CNBC is reporting on a highly advanced artificial intelligence system that accurately predicted the outcomes of the presidential primaries and which is now indicating that Trump will be the winner in November… 
An artificial intelligence system that correctly predicted the last three U.S. presidential elections puts Republican nominee Donald Trump ahead of Democrat rival Hillary Clinton in the race for the White House. 
MogIA was developed by Sanjiv Rai, founder of Indian start-up Genic.ai. It takes in 20 million data points from public platforms including Google, Facebook, Twitter and YouTube in the U.S. and then analyzes the information to create predictions. 
The AI system was created in 2004, so it has been getting smarter all the time. It had already correctly predicted the results of the Democratic and Republican Primaries. 
Without Hillary at the top of the ticket, the odds of a Trump victory would go way, way up. 
So if Hillary is forced out of the race by this investigation, Barack Obama and the Democrats will want to delay or suspend the election for as long as possible if they can. 
At this point there is probably not a high probability that such a scenario will play out, but in this crazy election year we have already seen that just about anything can happen. 
Take a look at the future of America: The Beginning of the End and then prepare  ",0
5753,End of the World? Italy Devastated By Series of Major Earthquakes,"A series of major earthquakes have plagued Italy (Rome) in recent days. Could we be witnessing the start of the end of the world?
Could we be living through the times described in many religious prophecies and texts?
You decide!

Watch on YouTube 
Source: Is the ‘Big One’ About to Hit Rome? Series of Tremors and Volcano’s Reawakening Prompt Fears of Major Quake Delivered by The Daily Sheeple 
We encourage you to share and republish our reports, analyses, breaking news and videos ( Click for details ). 
Contributed by The Daily Sheeple of www.TheDailySheeple.com . 
This content may be freely reproduced in full or in part in digital form with full attribution to the author and a link to www.TheDailySheeple.com. ",0
5754,Read the Open Letter By Former Federal Prosecutors Criticizing James Comey,"Read the Open Letter By Former Federal Prosecutors Criticizing James Comey Posted on Oct 31, 2016 FBI Director James Comey. ( Flickr / CC 2.0 ) 
Editor’s note: This open letter was published on Hillary Clinton’s website Sunday night in response to FBI Director James Comey’s recent announcement regarding the agency’s email review . See the full list of signatories on her website here . 
Sunday, as reported by the Associated Press , a group of nearly 100 former federal prosecutors and high-ranking [Department of Justice] officials from both Democratic and Republican administrations, including former [Attorney General] Eric Holder and former Deputy AG Larry Thompson, issued the following joint letter expressing serious concerns over FBI Director Comey’s departure from long-standing department protocols: 
As former federal prosecutors and high-ranking officials of the U.S. Department of Justice, we know that the impartiality and nonpartisanship of the United States justice system makes it exceptional throughout the world. To maintain fairness and neutrality, federal law enforcement officials must exercise discipline whenever they make public statements in connection with an ongoing investigation. Often, evidence uncovered during the course of an investigative inquiry is incomplete, misleading or even incorrect, and releasing such information before all of the facts are known and tested in a court of law can unfairly prejudice individuals and undermine the public’s faith in the integrity of our legal process. 
For this reason, Justice Department officials are instructed to refrain from commenting publicly on the existence, let alone the substance, of pending investigative matters, except in exceptional circumstances and with explicit approval from the Department of Justice officials responsible for ultimate supervision of the matter. They are also instructed to exercise heightened restraint near the time of a primary or general election because, as official guidance from the Department instructs, public comment on a pending investigative matter may affect the electoral process and create the appearance of political interference in the fair administration of justice. 
It is out of our respect for such settled tenets of the United States Department of Justice that we are moved to express our concern with the recent letter issued by FBI Director James Comey to eight Congressional Committees. Many of us have worked with Director Comey; all of us respect him. But his unprecedented decision to publicly comment on evidence in what may be an ongoing inquiry just eleven days before a presidential election leaves us both astonished and perplexed. We cannot recall a prior instance where a senior Justice Department official—Republican or Democrat—has, on the eve of a major election, issued a public statement where the mere disclosure of information may impact the election’s outcome, yet the official acknowledges the information to be examined may not be significant or new. 
Director Comey’s letter is inconsistent with prevailing Department policy, and it breaks with longstanding practices followed by officials of both parties during past elections. Moreover, setting aside whether Director Comey’s original statements in July were warranted, by failing to responsibly supplement the public record with any substantive, explanatory information, his letter begs the question that further commentary was necessary. For example, the letter provides no details regarding the content, source or recipient of the material; whether the newly-discovered evidence contains any classified or confidential information; whether the information duplicates material previously reviewed by the FBI; or even “whether or not [the] material may be significant.” 
Perhaps most troubling to us is the precedent set by this departure from the Department’s widely-respected, non-partisan traditions. The admonitions that warn officials against making public statements during election periods have helped to maintain the independence and integrity of both the Department’s important work and public confidence in the hardworking men and women who conduct themselves in a nonpartisan manner. 
We believe that adherence to longstanding Justice Department guidelines is the best practice when considering public statements on investigative matters. We do not question Director Comey’s motives. However, the fact remains that the Director’s disclosure has invited considerable, uninformed public speculation about the significance of newly-discovered material just days before a national election. For this reason, we believe the American people deserve all the facts, and fairness dictates releasing information that provides a full and complete picture regarding the material at issue.",0
5755,Lie to Me: Fiction in the Post-Truth Era - The New York Times,"American novelists have long complained about the ability of real life to outstrip fiction. In his landmark 1961 essay “Writing American Fiction,” Philip Roth observed that “actuality is continually outdoing our talents, and the culture tosses up figures almost daily that are the envy of any novelist. ” The figure Roth cites is Charles Van Doren, of   scandal fame but place Mr. Van Doren next to Donald J. Trump, and you can measure the change in the nature of credibility over the past  . Mr. Van Doren was disgraced when it was revealed that he had been given the answers to the questions on the game show “” a contest that television viewers believed was real, not staged. Today an entire flourishing genre of television goes by the name “reality,” yet no one who watches it thinks it is genuinely real  —   that is, unplanned and unedited. Artificiality is what makes reality television enjoyable, even though these same shows, if advertised as fiction, would appear banal, repetitive and undramatic. Reality is the ingredient that turns a bad fiction into an enthralling one. This dynamic is part of the novel’s origins. The earliest English novels, from “Moll Flanders” (1722) to “Clarissa” (1748) were published anonymously, with titles that implied they were true stories. It took generations to establish the conventions of fiction sufficiently to allow readers to take pleasure in novels that were explicitly untrue. The suspension of disbelief that fiction involves is a late stage in the evolution of taste, and it may prove to have been a temporary one. The rise of the memoir over the past few decades doesn’t mean that readers are ready to abandon the techniques of fiction but, like readers three centuries ago, they want the freedom of fiction along with consequentiality of fact. The author David Shields diagnosed this desire in his 2010 manifesto “Reality Hunger”: “I find it very nearly impossible to read a contemporary novel that presents itself    as a novel. ” Many fiction writers share this intuition, though they respond to it in different ways. One way is to make the novel   by turning its imitation of reality into an exaggeration, a   mirror. Has our reality since   felt apocalyptic? Then imagine Manhattan being destroyed by zombies (Colson Whitehead’s “Zone One”) or a flood (Nathaniel Rich’s “Odds Against Tomorrow”) or civil war and foreign bankers (Gary Shteyngart’s “Super Sad True Love Story”). Because we know such things “could never happen,” they mark the story as fiction because we know similar things have happened and will happen, they become truthful fictions. An alternative approach is to make fiction as close to fact as possible, by reducing its scope to the one subject on which each writer is an unchallengeable authority: himself or herself. Ben Lerner’s “10:04,” Tao Lin’s “Taipei” and Sheila Heti’s “How Should a Person Be?” all seek to convince us that we are reading about the writer’s actual life. These writers are engaged in a sophisticated project, in which the line between truth and fiction becomes harder and harder to make out. But this game has a    : Label a book “fiction,” and all is forgiven. A fiction can never be accused of being a lie. The problem is that, more and more, people seem to want to be lied to. This is the flip side of “reality hunger,” since a lie, like a fake memoir, is a fiction that does not admit its fictionality. That is why the lie is so seductive: It allows the liar and his audience to cooperate in changing the nature of reality itself, in a way that can appear almost magical. “Magical thinking” is used as an insult, but it is perhaps the most primal kind of thinking there is. The problem for modern people is that we can no longer perform this magic naively, with an undoubting faith in the reality of our inventions. We lie to ourselves now with a bad conscience. When the memoir is exposed as not having “really” happened, we want our money back. Fiction was one solution to this quandary, allowing us to suspend disbelief in the way that Coleridge said was essential for literature. But the postmodern solution is even more powerful: It is the simple shamelessness that allows us to recognize a lie as a lie but still treat it as if it were a reality. Reality shows are a trivial example of this technique, but when it comes to politics the same process can have deadly results. “The Protocols of the Elders of Zion” was published, like “Moll Flanders,” with no name on the title page it, too, claimed to be a true account of real events  —   in this case, a meeting at which Jews plotted to take over the world and destroy civilization. Perhaps some of its readers, when it first appeared around 1903 and even today, sincerely believed that this was a real document. But the “Protocols” is even more powerful when endorsed by people who know it is false, because such an act turns fact itself into an irrelevance. People who can turn a lie into a truth have the power to shape reality they are poets of the real. And the audience that gives them its willing suspension of disbelief is a   in this uncanny transformation, just as novel readers conspire in their enchantment. The bond between demagogues and their audience is cemented by their exhilarating consciousness of shared culpability. The problem with our “ ” politics is that a large share of the population has moved beyond true and false. They thrill precisely to the falsehood of a statement, because it shows that the speaker has the power to reshape reality in line with their own fantasies of   beleaguerment. To call novelists liars is naïve, because it mistakes their intention they never wanted to be believed in the first place. The same is true of demagogues. From its beginning, the novel has tested the distinction between truth, fiction and lie now the collapse of those distinctions has given us the age of Trump. We are entering a period in which the very idea of literature may come to seem a luxury, a distraction from political struggle. But the opposite is true: No matter how irrelevant hardheaded people may believe it to be, literature continually proves itself a sensitive instrument, a leading indicator of changes that will manifest themselves in society and culture. Today as always, the imagination is our best guide to what reality has in store.",0
5756,Gingrich: ’Congress Should Now Intervene and Should Abolish the Independent Counsel’ - Breitbart,"Former House Speaker Newt Gingrich said Sunday in an interview on New York AM 970 radio show “The Cats Roundtable” that it was very clear that former FBI Director James Comey hated President Donald Trump after he made it known he leaked memos.  He also urged Congress to act to abolish the independent counsel established by the Department of Justice to investigate alleged ties between the 2016 Trump presidential campaign and Russia. Gingrich told host John Catsimatidis, “The more amazing thing I thought that Comey did that I think is going to have a lot of repercussions is Comey admitted publicly, in fact, boasted about it, that he had deliberately leaked   …     in order to set up the pressure to get a special, independent counsel. And I think that is an astonishing statement. ” “[I]t’s very clear that Comey hates Trump,” he continued. “I think Congress should now intervene and should abolish the independent counsel because Comey makes so clear that it’s the poison fruit of a deliberate manipulation by the FBI director leaking to the New York Times to deliberately set up this particular situation. I think it is very sick. ” Follow Trent Baker on Twitter @MagnifiTrent",0
5757,"Christians Martyred by ISIS: 1,131","Christians Martyred by ISIS: 1,131 In addition, at least 125 Christian churches had been attacked or destroyed by ISIS Michael W. Chapman | CNS News - October 27, 2016 Comments 
A report submitted to the State Department earlier this year documented that between 2003 and June 9, 2014, at least 1,131 Christians – identified by name and place of death – had been murdered by the radical Muslims that comprise the Islamic State, also known as ISIS. 
In addition, at least 125 Christian churches had been attacked or destroyed by ISIS. 
The report, Genocide Against Christians in the Middle East , was submitted to Secretary of State John Kerry on March 9, 2016 by the Knights of Columbus and the humanitarian group In Defense of Christians. Eight days later, March 17, Kerry officially declared that ISIS’s ongoing actions against Christians, Yazidis, and other religious minorities constituted genocide. 
Britain, the European Parliament, the U.N.’s High Commissioner for Human Rights, and the Iraqi and Kurdish governments have also declared ISIS’s actions genocide.",0
5758,"BREAKING: ILLEGAL ALIEN CAUSES $61 MILLION IN DAMAGE, HAS BEEN DEPORTED 5 TIMES…TRUMP IS PISSED!","Home / News / BREAKING: ILLEGAL ALIEN CAUSES $61 MILLION IN DAMAGE, HAS BEEN DEPORTED 5 TIMES…TRUMP IS PISSED! BREAKING: ILLEGAL ALIEN CAUSES $61 MILLION IN DAMAGE, HAS BEEN DEPORTED 5 TIMES…TRUMP IS PISSED! fisher 2 hours ago News , USA , World Comments Off on BREAKING: ILLEGAL ALIEN CAUSES $61 MILLION IN DAMAGE, HAS BEEN DEPORTED 5 TIMES…TRUMP IS PISSED! BREAKING: ILLEGAL ALIEN CAUSES $61 MILLION IN DAMAGE, HAS BEEN DEPORTED 5 TIMES… TRUMP IS PISSED! 
Angel Gilberto Garcia-Avalos is an illegal alien living in America who has been reported FIVE TIMES. 
He recently caused $61 million in damage after setting fire to a National Forest in California. 
This is the reason Donald Trump will win on November 8th. 
People are fed-up with these illegal criminals! 
From Washington Times: 
Angel Gilberto Garcia-Avalos had been deported five times in just the past four years, yet each time he has managed to sneak from Mexico back into the U.S., where he ended up in more mischief: driving without a license, attempted burglary and felony weapons charges. 
In August, he graduated to full-fledged mayhem, sparking a fire in the Sequoia National Forest that has already cost the government $61 million and left some of the country’s most beautiful landscape scarred for years to come. 
Garcia, who pleaded guilty last month and faces 13 months in prison, had only recently been released from the Kern County Jail. He likely would have been deported again, but local authorities were unable to report him to immigration authorities because of California’s new sanctuary city law, which prohibited the sheriff from communicating with federal agents. 
Thanks a lot, sanctuary cities! 
When Trump wins, these cities that protect illegals from the feds will not receive funding. 
Liberal policies harm us all. This is proof. 
Who’s going to wind up paying for this mess? ",0
5759,Lonely men are increasingly turning to Siri for love and ‘sexually explicit’ chat,"Print 
Men are increasingly turning to virtual assistants to have sexually explicit conversations, it has been claimed. 
Some teenagers and “truckers” who do not have partners are also developing feelings for female and male-voiced chatbots such as Siri , one expert said. 
Ilya Eckstein, the chief executive of Robin Labs, said his company’s virtual assistant – Robin – was used by some men for up to 300 conversations a day. 
He told The Times it was “mostly teenagers and truckers without girlfriends” who were turning to the virtual world. 
“This happens because people are lonely and bored…. It is a symptom of our society,” he said. “As well as the people who want to talk dirty, there are men who want a deeper sort of relationship or companionship.” 
Virtual assistants – such as the iPhone’s Siri and Microsoft’s Cortana – are included on smartphones and computers to make life easier, allowing users to issue commands, such as “call mum”, or easily search for nearby facilities such as restaurants and petrol stations.",0
5760,Myanmar’s Leader Faulted for Silence as Army Campaigns Against Rohingya - The New York Times,"SITTWE, Myanmar  —   Satellite images show villages burned to the ground. Human rights groups relay allegations of rape and the slaughter of children. Thousands of refugees have fled across the border to Bangladesh, while aid workers have been prevented from reaching the afflicted. As the Myanmar Army unleashes a brutal counterinsurgency campaign against the Rohingya in the north, Daw Aung San Suu Kyi, Myanmar’s leader, has remained nearly silent, putting her status as an exemplar of democratic values and a Nobel Peace Prize laureate in a different light. Human rights advocates accuse her of condoning a military campaign designed to drive the Rohingya, a Muslim minority in this   nation, off their land in Rakhine State and out of the country. The United Nations human rights agency has said the abuses may amount to crimes against humanity. Now, nearly two months after the campaign began, it remains unclear what Ms. Aung San Suu Kyi’s plan is. She has chosen not to visit the area, close to the border with Bangladesh, which has been sealed under a military directive designed to keep out foreign aid workers and journalists. And though she has created an advisory commission headed by Kofi Annan, the former United Nations secretary general, to look into   reconciliation in Rakhine State, she has largely defended the military’s behavior. “Show me a country without human rights issues,” she said at an Oct. 12 news conference. “Every country has human rights abuses. I am taking seriously allegations of human rights violations in this country. ” A few weeks later during a visit to Tokyo, she said, “We have been very careful not to blame anyone until we have complete evidence about who has been responsible. ” The Obama administration had hoped that once Ms. Aung San Suu Kyi came to power, the plight of the Rohingya would improve. Instead, their living conditions have deteriorated, American officials say. Near the town of Sittwe, south of where the military campaign is being carried out, more than 100, 000 Rohingya live in internment camps, after their properties were demolished in communal violence in 2012. The army began its campaign this fall, after it said armed men killed nine police officers on Oct. 9. But instead of retaliating against what is believed to be a small group of poorly armed Rohingya men, it has uprooted tens of thousands of impoverished civilians, most of whom lead a    existence as rice farmers and petty traders. The use of helicopter gunships and the “wholesale burning of villages” amounted to “gross violations of human rights,” said Senator Benjamin L. Cardin, the ranking Democrat on the Senate Foreign Relations Committee and an early supporter of Ms. Aung San Suu Kyi. Experts say the army’s excessive methods are adapted from British counterinsurgency tactics from the colonial era, known as the “four cuts. ” The military has honed those practices during decades of fighting ethnic groups in other parts of Myanmar, said U Aung Thu Nyein, director of the Institute for Strategy and Policy in Myanmar. Those tactics include denying armed groups access to intelligence, finance, recruits and food by pushing civilian populations away from where they usually live. About 10, 000 Rohingya have struggled across the border into Bangladesh since the operation began, many of them weak after evading Bangladeshi patrols that have officially closed the border, the United Nations high commissioner for refugees said. The refugees were fleeing security forces who were “killing men, shooting them, slaughtering children, raping women, burning and looting houses, forcing these people to cross the river” into Bangladesh, John McKissick, the head of the agency’s office in the Bangladeshi outpost, Cox’s Bazaar, told the BBC last week. The ultimate goal was “the ethnic cleansing of the Muslim minority in Myanmar,” Mr. McKissick said. “Descriptions coming out of there are consistent with decades of abuse by the military against the Karen, Chin and Shan ethnic people,” said Tyler Giannini, a professor at Harvard Law School and a   of its International Human Rights Clinic. “That’s why it is beholden on the government to investigate what’s going on against the Rohingya and hold those responsible accountable. ” As the civilian leader of the government, Ms. Aung San Suu Kyi now shares power with the military. The army controls three vital cabinet posts: defense, home affairs and border affairs. These are the ministries running the   operation in Rakhine State. Most of the information she receives on the Rohingya is from military leaders, and they have convinced her that the Rohingya in Rakhine are terrorists, analysts in Myanmar say. Her government advisers are mostly former military officers, or veteran civil servants with firm beliefs about the superiority of Buddhist values over all others, they say. A spokesman for Ms. Aung San Suu Kyi said she was “standing” with the military. “She knows everything,” said U Zaw Htay, the spokesman. “The military has been briefing her on every important issue. ” Further, there is little pushback against the military from the Myanmar news media or other possible quarters of criticism, said Kelley Currie, a senior fellow at the Project 2049 Institute, a private group that promotes international security in Washington, and who regularly visits Myanmar. “‘Progressive’ elements have either gone silent or joined in   and   rhetoric based on information that is   to the military,” she said. Fiona MacGregor, a reporter who wrote about alleged rapes of Rohingya women by the military for The Myanmar Times, a privately run newspaper, said she was fired after her article appeared. So far, the government has declined requests to appoint an independent inquiry into the military’s abuses. Instead, Ms. Aung San Suu Kyi is depending on the advisory commission, which does not include any Rohingya members. Mr. Annan is scheduled to visit Sittwe on Friday. Mr. Giannini said there is enough evidence to warrant an independent commission similar to one conducted in the Darfur region of Sudan under the auspices of the United Nations in 2004. That inquiry found the Sudanese military had committed war crimes and referred the matter to the International Criminal Court. Satellite images reviewed by Human Rights Watch captured over four days in November showed that entire villages in Rakhine State had been razed and more than 1, 250 buildings were destroyed by fire, said Matthew Smith, chief executive of Fortify Rights, a group that specializes in the Rohingya. “We’ve steadily received allegations of mass rape of Rohingya women and girls by army soldiers,” Mr. Smith said. “With a gun to his head, one man was reportedly forced to watch as soldiers raped his    daughter. ” About 30, 000 men, women and children are in “desperate need” of food, shelter and medical care, said Vivian Tan, a spokeswoman for the United Nations high commissioner for refugees. About 160, 000 vulnerable people have been cut off from health care, school feedings and maternal care, she said. Most of the aid workers who should be tending to the displaced have been forced to leave the area and have been refused travel permits to return, Mr. Smith said. The office of the state counselor, which Ms. Aung San Suu Kyi presides over, is in charge of travel permits for the Rakhine region. Of 26 workers distributing aid before Oct. 9, only six were still there, he said. Like many who admired Ms. Aung San Suu Kyi’s steadfastness during 15 years of house arrest under the former junta, Mr. Giannini, the Harvard Law professor, said he was baffled by her failure to speak out. “She says she is a politician,” he noted. “You can have politics and you can have protection of the civilian population at the same time. ”",0
5761,Breitbart’s Pollak Battles ’View’ Host Joy Behar Over Fake News - Breitbart,"Friday on ABC’s “The View,” senior    for Breitbart News Joel Pollak took on   Joy Behar over claims Breitbart News is a white supremacist and   site.  Partial transcript as follows: BEHAR: Breitbart —  the website has been described as a platform for the   or some say white supremacists. How would you describe it? POLLAK: Breitbart News is a conservative website and we have a very diverse group of editors and writers. I’m the orthodox Jewish former    senior   . So not exactly an accurate description. We call that fake news, a fake news description. But we are  —   BEHAR: What’s fake news, what I said? POLLAK: Yes. BILA: That it is white supremacists. BEHAR: No no no. That is not fake news. POLLAK: It’s absolutely —   BEHAR: How do you explain this headline, ‘Bill Kristol: Republican Spoiler, Renegade Jew,’ You’re Jewish. POLLAK: It was written by David Horowitz, who is one of the most prominent Jewish conservatives. He was criticizing Bill Kristol for not being Jewish enough, so it was the opposite of what people described. And we have more than a dozen Jewish people working at Breitbart including the CEO, COO. We have Black writers, Hispanic, Asian, whatever, gay, whatever you can imagine. BEHAR: What do you think is the rise of   about in this country? POLLAK: I’m really glad the media finally woke up to this phenomena. It started quite a long time ago, long before Donald Trump ran for president, particularly in California where I live, on college campuses, there’s been a rising tide of   linked to far   criticism of Israel. It’s very tough to be a Jewish student on some of these campuses nowadays. BEHAR: Mostly, it seems to me that there’s a flurry of them since Trump is in. POLLAK: I think the media just woke up and noticed that this is a problem. BEHAR Really? POLLAK: And I think that I feel very proud that Donald Trump not only is one of the most   presidents that we’ve ever had, but his daughter Ivanka tonight will light the Sabbath candles just like my wife will, and bring in the Sabbath. To me, that is something extraordinary in America history. BEHAR: But you know that phrase, one of my best friends is Jewish, it’s meaningless really. You can still be an   and have Jewish relatives. POLLAK: I agree with you. When people say my friends are Jewish, it doesn’t cut it. HOSTIN: Or I have a black friend. POLLAK: But when your   are Jewish, you have a little more credibility. HOSTIN: Let me ask you about Steve Bannon. Whoopi calls him President Bannon. He’s the White House chief strategist, former executive chair of Breitbart, people have called him everything from a Nazi to a racist. He’s made bigoted statements. They’ve called him a white supremacist sympathizer. What’s your response? How do you work for someone who has that reputation? POLLAK: None of that is true. That’s more fake news and even people who  —   HOSTIN: So everyone is lying? POLLAK: Yes. Steve is a fantastic guy. I worked with him for six years and he can be very tough in an argument. We used to argue all the time over any kind of policy issues. Jedediah will back me up here. You bring data and facts to the table  —   BILA: A very tough guy. POLLAK: Absolutely a   person. HOSTIN: So we can’t believe when he makes these bigoted statements, is he just being provocative? POLLAK: What statements are you talking about? HOSTIN: There’s a laundry list. I can get you a card. BEHAR: Here’s a headline from Breitbart. ‘Birth Control Makes Women Unattractive and Crazy.’ Do I look crazy to you? POLLAK: You see how you’ve shifted the goal post now. So, it’s gone from Steve Bannon says things to, “Oh, there was a headline. ” Steve Bannon has not said bigoted things. BEHAR: But he’s behind these though. What are you talking about? BILA: I submitted content a long time ago to Breitbart and I know Steve and I’ve often argued that you can disagree with him, and it’s tough to disagree with him because he’s a strong headed guy, but I don’t believe him to be an   or racist. He’s tough though, so if you go into battle you better be prepared. I have a question about Steve, which is that Steve is from what I know of him, he is kind of a boss. He does like to take control. He does like to be kind of in charge, and I see a lot of what’s coming out from the Trump campaign now. A lot of the focus seems to be about going against the media establishment. That is Steve’s main focal point. Is it safe to assume that Steve is kind of running the show? POLLAK: Well, I don’t think Donald Trump takes orders from anybody, so I think Donald Trump is very much in charge. I think that Steve Bannon and Reince Priebus do get along. Follow Pam Key on Twitter @pamkeyNEN",0
5762,Steelers Crush Dolphins to Set Up a Clash With the Chiefs - The New York Times,"PITTSBURGH  —   The Miami Dolphins won the coin toss Sunday and kicked off to the Pittsburgh Steelers, a decision that in retrospect seemed a tad misguided. But then it was not as if electing to receive would have been a wiser choice. A more prudent, if somewhat unorthodox, strategy would have been doing something else entirely with the football. Hiding it, for example. Maybe beneath the Dolphins’ parkas. Because without the ball, the Steelers’ offense could not score. And if the Steelers’ offense could not score, then the Dolphins might actually have stood a chance of winning Sunday’s playoff game at Heinz Field instead of absorbing a comprehensive demolition. The   defeat, which reaffirmed Pittsburgh as a formidable A. F. C. contender, held less suspense than a romantic comedy. All of 2 minutes 45 seconds elapsed before Pittsburgh scored on an exquisite    (50 yards) by Antonio Brown. That preceded another exquisite    by Brown (62 yards) which preceded a scoring rush by Le’Veon Bell, who accounted for all 78 yards on that drive (excluding a   penalty) all on runs, 10 in a row. It was as if the Steelers kept giving him the ball because they had grown bored of demoralizing Miami through the air. Finishing with 167 yards, Bell set the team   postseason record in his playoff debut. He missed the playoffs two seasons ago with a hyperextended knee. Last year, a torn knee ligament sidelined him. The Steelers have been eagerly waiting for their redoubtable trio of Bell, Brown and quarterback Ben Roethlisberger, who completed his first 11 passes for 188 yards, to play in the postseason together. They combined for all four touchdowns, scored across the first seven series (one was a   before halftime) in a performance that showcased Pittsburgh at the apex of its intimidating might. “We can attack in different ways,” Bell said. All of them are devastating. Especially those that involve Brown, who turned two short passes into long touchdowns, and Bell. Not since Barry Sanders, perhaps, has the N. F. L. seen a running back as destructively patient as Bell. He takes the handoff. Then he waits. “I’m standing back there and I’m watching, and I’m like, ‘Uh, are you going to go any time here? ’” Roethlisberger said of Bell. The length of Bell’s pause varies from play to play, but it allows him to survey the field, set up his blockers and find creases. Accelerating through, he leaves defenders in his wake, then drags them through it. “He’s a man for all situations or circumstances,” Coach Mike Tomlin said. When Miami’s defensive coordinator, Vance Joseph, was asked last week how he prioritized containing Brown, Bell and Roethlisberger, he chose Bell first. “If you can’t contain Bell, you can’t contain A. B. ,” Joseph said, using Brown’s nickname. The Dolphins, overwhelmed by the challenge, did neither. The burden of preparing for the Steelers now belongs to the Kansas City Chiefs, who will host Pittsburgh on Sunday afternoon in a rematch of a Week 4 game. The Steelers won by 29 points that night, but there is folly in perceiving past as prologue. The Dolphins’ resurfacing in the postseason after an   absence elicited much joy not only in South Florida, but also in western Pennsylvania, where the Steelers seethed all week, eager to avenge an October rout. That win ignited Miami’s recovery from a   start and foretold the steamrollering that running back Jay Ajayi, who rushed for 204 yards that day, would administer to defensive game plans. Even thinking about that defeat angered the Steelers’ defensive coordinator, Keith Butler, who said it “really challenges your manhood. ” The Steelers pride themselves on playing a physical style. Shoved around that day, they vowed to inflict pain Sunday. “We just wanted to get out there and be as physical and as violent as we could be,” safety Mike Mitchell said. “Like I said, our   was to tee off on them. It wasn’t to wrap up and make tackles. ” Ajayi exceeded 200 yards twice more during the regular season. He never came close Sunday, smothered by Pittsburgh’s front. He finished with 33 yards on 16 carries. “We always can get better, but we was cooking today,” defensive end Stephon Tuitt said. “It was fun to cook. ” The essence of Mitchell’s proclamation  —   “The goal was to tee off on them I can’t say that enough”  —   permeated the rest of the defense, which nearly turned Miami’s suboptimal quarterback situation even more dire midway through the second quarter. Starting a fourth consecutive week in place of the injured Ryan Tannehill (knee) Matt Moore left the pocket and, after releasing a pass, encountered linebacker Bud Dupree. He did not hit Moore so much as nearly dislodge Moore’s head from his body. “You just see a sack,” said Dupree, who had not yet seen a replay. Moore crumpled to the field and lay there as a skirmish that began near the Miami sideline expanded closer to midfield. It seemed to take less time for Moore to be examined for a concussion, and other injuries, than he spent on the ground. He missed one play. “I got checked out, I felt fine,” Moore said. “It was more of my jaw than anything else. I felt good. I came back in, and I was fine. ” On that drive, the Dolphins kicked a field goal to draw to within  . But on their next two series, on either side of halftime, Moore was   losing the ball  —   and, soon enough, the game for the Dolphins. Pittsburgh, which has won eight straight, has not lost since Nov. 13, when Dallas pilfered a late victory that earned the wrath of Roethlisberger, who demanded afterward that the Steelers play with more discipline and accountability. Those elements returned, and so did the A. F. C. North crown, borrowed for a year by Cincinnati. The Steelers reached this stage of the playoffs last season before losing at Denver. They did not have Bell, or even Brown, who sat with a concussion. Now they have both. And Roethlisberger, who said he would play next week despite an injured ankle encased afterward in a walking boot. And a healthy offensive line. And a snarling defense. But still. “I’m not excited about this,” guard Ramon Foster said after the win. Why? “It’s bigger than this week,” he added, referring to the coming game against the Chiefs.",0
5763,The Religious Speakers Taking Part in Trump’s Inaugural Ceremony - The New York Times,"  celebrities may be staying away from Donald J. Trump’s inauguration on Friday, but a large number of religious leaders will take part in the ceremony, reading Scripture and offering prayers for his administration. Six religious leaders  —   including a rabbi, a cardinal, and a diverse group of Protestant preachers  —   will participate, more than for any previous president, said Jim Bendat, an author and historian of inaugural ceremonies. Each will have 60 to 90 seconds to offer a reading or lead a prayer. “Some inaugurations have had just one, others have had two or three covering different religions, but this is a record,” Mr. Bendat said. Here are those who are scheduled to participate: Cardinal Dolan has been the Roman Catholic Archbishop of New York since 2009. His participation in the inauguration has been controversial in part because he has criticized Mr. Trump. In a 2015   piece for The Daily News, he described the   as the   manifestation of “the ugly phenomenon called nativism” that shaped American politics in the 19th and early 20th centuries. He said voters should “take seriously the Bible’s teaching that we are to welcome the stranger. ” Last week on his radio show, the cardinal said he was “honored” to be invited to take part in the inauguration and said he would have done the same thing had Hillary Clinton won the election. “It’s not the person, it’s the office, right?” he said. “I pray with prisoners. That doesn’t mean I approve of what they’ve done. ” Mr. Rodriguez is the president of the National Hispanic Christian Leadership Conference, an organization that says it represents roughly 100 million Hispanic evangelicals in the United States and Latin America. In a statement, he said that he saw participating in the inauguration as “not just a patriotic honor” but “as a sacred duty. ” Mr. Rodriguez has walked a tightrope in the past, defending Mr. Trump against accusations of racism (he called them “hyperbole from the liberal media”) but also speaking up for undocumented immigrants, many of whom attend evangelical churches. “The vast majority are not rapists or murderers,” he said in an interview with the Christian Broadcasting Network. “They’re actually   Christians, committed to biblical orthodoxy or very staunch conservative Catholics. How about that? So they’re not rapists or murderers and we have to find a way of finding a solution. If we’re not going to deport them, how are we going to integrate them?” Pastor White is a Florida televangelist who is controversial in evangelical circles for her promotion of prosperity gospel, which states that true believers will be blessed not just with eternal salvation but also with health and wealth on Earth. She is also the pastor of a church in Apopka, Fla. Prosperity gospel is a theological world that has seen some abuse from the misuse of financial donations given to speed the arrival of God’s blessings. The   practices of Ms. White and other televangelists were investigated by the Senate Finance Committee in 2007, but no wrongdoing was found. On her website, Pastor White sells a range of spiritual   products like books and DVDs and also exhorts followers to make a “first fruits” donation to her ministry, a gift she says is ”mandated by God. ” “Your sacrificial offering will be a seed for blessings for the remainder of the year,” Pastor White wrote. “According to Ezekiel 44, when you present your First Fruits offering, it will cause a blessing to rest upon your house!” Rabbi Hier is the founder and dean of the Simon Wiesenthal Center, a Jewish human rights organization named after the   Nazi hunter and Holocaust survivor. Critics have called for him to drop out of the inauguration, citing Mr. Trump’s support among white nationalist groups, but the rabbi said participating in the ceremony was a “ ” for him. “There are 364 days a year for politics, for the two sides to pile on each other. Three hundred   days of that is enough,” he said. “Once every four years, the president of United States deserves a pass from both sides from political bickering otherwise, we weaken our democracy. ” Rabbi Hier will be the first Jewish religious leader to take part in an inaugural ceremony since 1985, he said, a fact that weighed in his decision to attend. “If a rabbi turned this down and said no?” he said, “It would be a tremendous backlash. Many people would say ‘look at how ungrateful the Jewish community is. ’” Mr. Graham is the son of Billy Graham, a pioneering televangelist and longtime spiritual adviser to American presidents from both parties. He has continued much of his father’s work. He is president and chief executive of Samaritan’s Purse and the Billy Graham Evangelistic Association and has been a vocal Trump supporter. The day after the election, Mr. Graham wrote on Facebook that Mr. Trump had won because “God’s hand intervened Tuesday night to stop the godless, atheistic progressive agenda from taking control of our country. ” He continued: Bishop Jackson runs Great Faith Ministries International and Impact Television Network, which describes itself as the only Christian network founded and operated by  . Bishop Jackson hosted Mr. Trump at his Detroit church and interviewed him on his network last September, a decision which drew criticism from other   spiritual leaders because of the  ’s comments about minorities. In the interview, the bishop asked Mr. Trump how he planned to heal the country’s racial divide if he won the presidency. Mr. Trump attributed that polarization to a lack of “spirit” and   poverty and promised to create jobs. Bishop Jackson defended his visit with Mr. Trump to The Detroit Free Press in August. “It’s not about being a Judas to my people,” he said. “This is not an endorsement. This is engagement, for him to tell us what he wants to do. ”",0
5764,Comment on Multiple NY Police Departments Under Investigation for Hosting Gay Sex Parties With Underage Boys by john smith,"  Multiple NY Police Departments Under Investigation for Hosting Gay Sex Parties With Underage Boys Multiple NY Police Departments Under Investigation for Hosting Gay Sex Parties With Underage Boys Matt Agorist November 3, 2016 1 Comment 
Schenectady, NY — A police officer’s suspension over an investigation into writing fraudulent checks has prompted a multi-agency investigation into alleged gay sex parties for police officers. While sex parties alone are not criminal, a source close to the investigation said the parties were attended by young boys who were not of legal age to drink or consent to having sex with adults. 
Sgt. Jonathan E. Moore, 35, of the Schenectady police department, has been suspended after he and his boyfriend, Anthony Aubin, 27, were caught at trying to use a fraudulent check to purchase a $92,000 Jaguar. Aubin was arrested on felony charges for attempting to use the check. 
However, according to a report in the Times Union, the arrest of Aubin, who has a lengthy criminal record and was recently on parole, has triggered a much broader, multi-agency police investigation into allegations that gay officers may have hosted or taken part in sex parties — called “breeding parties” — that allegedly were attended by teenagers who were not of legal age to drink alcohol or consent to having sex with adults. 
Aside from the Schenectady police department investigation, the probe has spread to the Albany police department as well. As the Times reports, other departments may also become involved in the broader investigation, according to a person briefed on the matter but not authorized to comment publicly. 
“I’m not really in a position to say anything about it at this point,” Albany police Chief Brendan Cox said Tuesday. “There is a case we are looking into but we are not in a position to even gauge whether or not there is any truth to what has been alleged.” 
Moore also admitted to using the state-run criminal database for personal reasons to check the background of his boyfriend. 
According to the report, Moore told police that he knew Aubin had a lengthy criminal record but had no idea the checks were fakes. The $92,000 check was purported to be from a Miami law office and the $15,000 check was from a fictitious company on Washington Avenue in Albany, reported the Times. 
Moore told investigators that Aubin moved in with him several months ago and the couple was planning to make a lot of money because they had signed contracts with a Connecticut company called Bear Films to make gay porn movies. 
In a statement on Wednesday, Schenectady police Chief Eric Clifford said Moore’s involvement in the pornography industry may have violated departmental policies, but he did not mention whether or not the officer will face charges. 
Clifford said it’s “not appropriate to have him out on the street working for us.” 
After Aubin was locked up, he apparently began rolling over on all his other connections in police departments. His allegations have sparked investigations into other officers who may have had unlawful sex with teenage boys. 
Police officers having sex with underage victims is, unfortunately, a fairly common practice. Police sexual misconduct is so common that more than 1,000 officers have had their licenses revoked in just the last six years for it — nearly half of them involve underage victims. 
According to the report , around 1,000 policemen across the US had their licenses revoked and lost their jobs over the last six years on account of numerous sexual offenses that included rape and possession of child pornography. 
The probe involved examining records from 41 states to see how many police officers’ licenses were revoked in 2009-2014 and for which offenses. Police desertification data was not provided by nine states and the District of Columbia. The investigation included examining the records of state and local police, sheriff’s deputies, prison guards and school resource officers. However, no federal officers were included in the investigation, meaning that number is likely higher. Matt Agorist is an honorably discharged veteran of the USMC and former intelligence operator directly tasked by the NSA. This prior experience gives him unique insight into the world of government corruption and the American police state. Agorist has been an independent journalist for over a decade and has been featured on mainstream networks around the world. Follow @MattAgorist on Twitter and now on Steemit Share",0
5765,N.I.H. May Fund Human-Animal Stem Cell Research - The New York Times,"The National Institutes of Health announced on Thursday that it was planning to lift its ban on funding some research that injects human stem cells into animal embryos. The N. I. H. announced its proposal in a blog post by Carrie Wolinetz, the associate director for science policy, and in the Federal Register. The purpose is to try to grow human tissues or organs in animals to better understand human diseases and develop therapies to treat them. Researchers have long been putting human cells into animals  —   like pieces of human tumors in mice to test drugs that might destroy the tumors  —   but stem cell research is fundamentally different. The stem cells are put into developing embryos where they can become any cells, like those in organs, blood and bone. If the funding ban is lifted, it could help patients by, for example, encouraging research in which a pig grows a human kidney for a transplant. But the very idea of a   mix can be chilling, and will not meet with universal acceptance. In particular, when human cells injected into an animal embryo develop in part of that animal’s brain, difficult questions arise, said Paul Knoepfler, a stem cell researcher at the University of California, Davis. “There’s no clear dividing line because we lack an understanding of at what point humanization of an animal brain could lead to more humanlike thought or consciousness,” he said. The N. I. H. ’s plan will most likely go into effect in the fall  —   perhaps with some modifications  —   after a   comment period that is now open to the public and researchers. The N. I. H. which would be a major source of federal funds for this type of work, imposed the moratorium in September to consider concerns about the research. The studies were just beginning, and the N. I. H. did not have any projects underway involving   chimeras, a term derived from mythological creatures that were part goat, lion and snake. But Renate Myles, a spokeswoman, said, “We watch the state of the science and knew that this was where the science was heading. ” For scientists, the moratorium was “a little jarring,” said Dr. George Q. Daley, a Harvard professor and the director of the stem cell transplantation program at Boston Children’s Hospital. Two months later, the N. I. H. convened a workshop to hear from researchers and experts in animal welfare. Two types of experiments that are being considered for funding would still have to undergo a review by an N. I. H. advisory committee. The first involves the addition of human stem cells to the embryos of animals before the embryos reach a stage when organs are starting to develop. Because nonhuman primates like monkeys and chimpanzees are so genetically close to people, researchers working with such primates would have to wait until an embryo was further developed before adding human stem cells, according to the proposal. The second type of study introduces stem cells into embryos of animals other than rodents where the cells could get into and modify the animals’ brains. Of particular concern is creating chimeras with human cells in the brain. The N. I. H. would continue its ban on funding any research that could result in an animal with human sperm or eggs that would then be bred. All of the N. I. H. ’s proposals, though, apply only to the work that is financed with taxpayer money. Research supported by private donors or companies would not be affected. Dr. Daley described some of the work researchers had been doing in this area. First, they wanted to know if they had isolated new types of stem cells  —   ones that could turn into any type of tissue or organ. Accomplishing that involves putting the new cells into an embryo and seeing if they turn into the placenta, as well as every cell type in the adult animal. In other experiments, they wanted to look at human stem cells that developed into very specific tissues. For example, one team of researchers found that if they put rat stem cells into the embryo of a mouse that was missing genes needed to make a pancreas, they ended up with a mouse that had a rat pancreas. Now, Dr. Daley said, the hope is to do the same sort of experiments with pigs missing genes for organs like a kidney or a liver and see if human stem cells can be used to grow human organs in the animals for transplants. “It’s science fiction today, but there has been enough progress in rat to mouse and even in pigs that it is at least theoretically possible,” Dr. Daley said. Another team studied the use of human stem cells in mice embryos in the hope of eventually understanding human psychiatric disorders. Dr. Wolinetz of the N. I. H. said during a teleconference that she expected “some    learning” about what would happen with chimeras that had human cells in their brains. “There is a lot we don’t understand about the brain,” she said, “which is one reason the possibility of these animal models is really exciting. ” The work is disturbing to many. But does the unease reflect the novelty of the ideas, like concerns that surfaced with the advent of heart transplants, which were first met with revulsion and then embraced by the public? Or is this work of a different ilk? Jeffrey P. Kahn, the director of the Johns Hopkins Berman Institute of Bioethics, points to two looming ethical issues. One is to decide if there is a fundamental difference between adding DNA from one species into another  —   the technology used to produce genetically modified foods  —   and putting human cells into an animal. Many people can accept genetically modified organisms, but would a   chimera eventually become acceptable? After all, Dr. Kahn said, in both cases, you could say “it’s just DNA. ” Where to draw the human boundary is another issue. If it is O. K. to put human cells into an animal, why does it seem clearly wrong to put animal cells into a human? As more and more human cells are added to an animal, at what point is the result different from adding more and more animal cells to a human embryo? “What are we doing when we are mixing the traits of two species?” Dr. Kahn asked. “What makes us human? Is it having 51 percent human cells?” Those questions, he added, “are part of what make people react to this issue. ”",0
5766,¿Qué hacer si tu pareja se muda a tu piso?,"¿Qué hacer si tu pareja se muda a tu piso? CONSEJOS vivienda 
Tu pareja y tú habéis decidido dar un paso importante en vuestra relación: vivir juntos. Dentro de poco, se mudará a tu piso y comenzaréis a compartir ese espacio que, hasta ahora, era sólo para ti. Pero ¿está preparada tu casa? Te ofrecemos unos consejos con los que acondicionar tu hogar para convertirlo en vuestro nidito de amor. 
1. Camas separadas : Llegará un momento en vuestra relación en que os agobiaréis durmiendo juntos. Los ronquidos, el calor corporal o las posturas que adopta tu pareja al dormir harán que acabéis optando por pernoctar en camas separadas. ¿Por qué no adelantarse a ese momento y hacerlo desde el principio? Os aportará comodidad y evitará que dentro de 30 años tengáis que pasar por el incómodo momento de confesar que preferís dormir solos. 
2. Esconde a tus padres : Nunca llegaste a reconocer que, a tus cerca de cuarenta años, sigues viviendo con ellos y sólo ibais a tu casa cuando no estaban. Ahora ya es demasiado tarde para confesarlo. La única opción que te queda es colocar una trampilla en el suelo y meter allí a tus progenitores. Recuerda darles de comer y ofrecerles cada día un cuenco con agua: si tu pareja los descubre, que al menos en su primer encuentro estén con vida. 
3. Inventario de tus pertenencias : Haz un inventario detallado y minucioso de todas y cada una de tus pertenencias. Que tu pareja sea el amor de tu vida no significa que no tenga tendencias cleptómanas. No te lo tomes como un símbolo de falta de confianza (o sí) sino como una manera de evitar que tus objetos más preciados acaben en Wallapop o en el mercadillo de los domingos. Este consejo está especialmente recomendado para aquellas personas cuyas parejas se llamen Vladimir Livitchenko o “La Rulas”. 
4. Fotos ficticias de amigos y familiares : En realidad, sólo te quedan tus padres, tu tía Adela y dos amigos del colegio, pero si pones un corcho lleno de fotos de desconocidos y dices que son tu familia y amigos, siempre tendrás una coartada para irte de casa cuando no te apetezca estar con tu pareja. Un “Cariño, me ha llamado mi prima Sole para echar un café” o un “Hoy salgo de cañas con los del barrio” siempre sonarán mejor que un “Me voy al parque tres horas porque no te aguanto más”. 
5. Tener un bebé por casa : Tener un bebé en casa y presentárselo a tu pareja como el hijo que nunca le confesaste que tenías será la prueba definitiva para saber si realmente te quiere. Si no sale corriendo nada más ver al niño, o te propone dejarlo a las puertas de un convento, es que merece la pena. No hace falta que el hijo sea tuyo, siempre puedes pedírselo prestado unos meses a otra pareja de amigos o alquilárselo por dos euros la hora. Es el precio del amor. 
6. Habitación del pánico : Un espacio seguro en el que resguardarse cuando tu pareja está desquiciada y no atiende a razones. Puede valer el cuarto de la plancha, pero asegúrate de que está equipado con latas de conservas para más de dos meses. Hay enfados que no se pasan en una tarde. 
7. Amante en el armario : “Si no tengo amante”, estarás pensando. No te preocupes, en España hay muchos actores en paro que por un bocadillo al día estarán encantados de hacerse pasar por uno. La idea es tenerlo siempre en el armario, escondido detrás de los abrigos, y si en algún momento te hartas de tu pareja, se lo enseñas y finges que llevas engañándole con esa persona varios meses. En el 89% de los casos conllevará a la ruptura inmediata con tu pareja. En el otro 11% el asunto suele derivar en una propuesta para realizar un trío. 
8. Falsifica el contrato de alquiler : ¿Por qué vas a hacer que tu pareja te pague sólo 350 euros cuando puedes hacer que te pague 700? Falsifica el contrato e infla el precio. ¿No dice siempre que haría cualquier cosa por ti? Ahora es el momento de que lo demuestre. 
9. Compra la Filmoteca Nacional : El cénit de toda relación llega cuando la actividad de la pareja se reduce a ver películas juntos, repanchingados en el sillón. La idea puede parecer arriesgada, pero ni Netflix ni Movistar Plus te ofrecerán los 36.000 títulos de la Filmoteca Nacional. Y haznos caso, los vais a ver todos, quizá en sólo un domingo. 
10. Alquila un piso en el edificio de enfrente y contrata un francotirador : Es muy violento tener que decirle a tu pareja que no te gusta que traiga visitas a casa. Por eso, siempre es más sencillo alquilar un piso frente al tuyo y contratar un francotirador que pase allí las 24 horas apuntando hacia vuestra ventana. Si tu pareja trae al piso a alguien que no te cae bien, sólo tendrás que hacer una señal para que abra fuego.",0
5767,British High Court Forces Uber Drivers to Take English Tests - Breitbart,"Uber has lost a battle in the British High Court which has ruled that all private hire taxi companies must have their drivers pass an English language test to be allowed to operate in London. [High Court Judge John Mitting shut down Uber’s appeal of Transport for London’s (TfL) new English requirements that were proposed last year, arguing that “TfL are entitled to require private hire drivers to demonstrate English language compliance. ”  TfL argued that to better serve Londoners, private hire drivers who originated from   speaking countries would have to hold a   English qualification. The issue for Uber resulted not from drivers having to learn to speak English, but the fact that to pass the test, their drivers would also have to show skills in reading and writing. Uber argued that this requirement was too   welcoming the opportunity to go before a judge on the issue in September of last year. Tom Elvidge, the general manager for Uber London at the time, argued that “TfL’s plans threaten[ed] the livelihoods of thousands of drivers in London, while also stifling tech companies for Uber. ” However, the decision was not all bad for Uber. TfL had also proposed that a dedicated call center for passengers had to be set up, along with drivers taking out more insurance than was necessary. These measures were struck down by the judge. Elvidge noted these wins for the company, but stressed that the decision was overall negative: While we are glad the court agreed with us on the other measures TfL tried to impose this is a deeply disappointing outcome for tens of thousands of drivers who will lose their livelihoods because they cannot pass an essay writing test. We’ve always supported spoken English skills, but writing an essay has nothing to do with communicating with passengers or getting them safely from A to B. Transport for London’s own estimates show that their plans will put more than 33, 000 existing private hire drivers out of business. That’s why we intend to appeal this unfair and disproportionate new rule. Jack Hadfield is a student at the University of Warwick and a regular contributor to Breitbart Tech. You can follow him on Twitter @ToryBastard or on Gab @JH.",0
5768,Of Veterans and Black Mirror Roaches,"Posted on November 2, 2016 by DavidSwanson 
If you’re a fan of the Netflix show Black Mirror , go watch the episode called “Men Against Fire” before reading this. It’s the one about war. 
In this 60-minute science fiction show, soldiers have been (somehow) programed so that when they look at certain people they see them as freaky monsters with pointed teeth and bizarre faces. These people look frightening and non-human. They are thought of as objects, not as people at all. In reality they are themselves terrified, unarmed, ordinary looking people. And they have a tool with which to protect themselves, a stick with a green light. It doesn’t kill or injure. The stick deprograms a soldier so that when he looks at someone he sees them as they really are without the monstrous distortion. 
Of course a deprogramed soldier is of no use to the military. In “Men Against Fire” the military offers a deprogramed soldier two choices. He can re-experience on an endless loop a recent reality in which he murdered helpless human beings, but this time experience it while seeing them as human beings instead of as “roaches” (what the military calls the intended victims made to appear monstrous), or he can be reprogramed and get back to the untroubled work of extermination. 
While this story is more fiction than science, some reality breaks into the Netflix drama. During World War I, we’re told accurately, a commander beat troops with a stick to get them to shoot at enemies. Troops we’re also routinely drugged for the same purpose. During World War II, we’re told, also on the basis of actual studies, only 15% to 20% of U.S. troops fired at opposing troops. In other words, 80% to 85% of the Greatest Heroes of the Greatest War Ever were actually a drain on the killing campaign, whereas the conscientious objector featured in the new Mel Gibson movie or, for that matter, the guy who stayed home and grew vegetables contributed more to the effort. 
Killing and facing killing are extremely difficult. They require the closest human reality to programing. They require conditioning. They require muscle memory. They require thoughtless reflex. The U.S. military had so mastered this programing by the time of the war on Vietnam that as many as 85% of troops actually fired at enemies — though some of them also fired at their own commanders. The real trouble came when they didn’t remember these acts of murder as the extermination of “roaches” but as the reality of what they were. And veterans remembered their acts of murder on an endless loop with no option to be re-programed out of it. And they killed themselves in greater numbers than the Vietnamese had killed them. 
The U.S. military has advanced not an inch in the matter of reconciling its killers to what they have done. Here’s an account just published of what that means for veterans and those they know and love. You can easily find another such account every day online. The top killer of members of the U.S. military is suicide. The top killer of the people who live in “liberated” nations during their liberations is members of the U.S. military. This is not coincidental. Veterans suffer from post-traumatic stress disorder (only a disorder from the perspective of those who’d like to suppress healthy inhibitions), moral injury (what a veteran friend calls “a fancy word for guilt and regret”), and neurocognitive disorder/brain injury. Often the same individual suffers all three of these types of harm, and often they are hard to distinguish from each other or to fully diagnose prior to autopsy. But the one that eats your soul, the one solved only by science fiction, is moral injury. 
Of course science fiction only works when it overlaps with nonfiction. U.S. troops conditioned to kick in doors in Iraq or Syria and view every person inside as a non-human threat don’t use the term “roaches,” preferring “hadjis” or “camel jockeys” or “terrorists” or “combatants” or “military aged males” or “Muslims.” Removing the killers physically to a drone piloting booth can create psychic “distance” aided by reference to victims as “bugsplat” and other terms in the same vein as “roaches.” But this approach to producing conscience-free killers has been a spectacular failure. Watch the real suffering of the real drone killers in the current movie National Bird . There’s no fiction there, but the very same horror of the roach-killing soldier re-experiencing what he’s done. 
Such failures and shortcomings for the military are never complete failures of course. Many kill, and kill ever more willingly. What becomes of them afterward is not the military’s problem. It couldn’t possibly care less. So, awareness of what becomes of those who kill won’t stop the killing. What we need is the real life equivalent of a little stick with a green light on it, a magic tool for deprograming members of every military on earth, every potential recruit, every investor in weapons dealing, every profiteer, every willing tax payer, every apathetic observer, every heartless politician, every thoughtless propagandist. What can we use? 
I think the closest equivalents to the stick with the green light are passports and telephones. Give every American a passport automatically and free. Make the right to travel inviolable, including for felons. Make the duty to travel and to speak multiple languages part of every education. And give every family in every nation on the Pentagon’s potential enemies list a phone with a camera and internet access. Ask them to tell us their stories, including the stories of their encounters with the rarest of species: the newly appearing Unarmed American. This entry was posted in General . Bookmark the permalink .",0
5769,Trump to Tee It Up With Japan Prime Minister Shinzo Abe - Breitbart,"President Donald Trump will play golf with Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe next week, near his    Club in Palm Beach, Florida. [Trump insists that Abe is his partner during the round. So as usual, the 45th president plans on winning. “We’re going to have a round of golf, which is a great thing,” Golf Digest reported. “That’s the one thing about golf  —   you get to know somebody better on a golf course than you will over lunch. ”  Trump has a ways to go to catch up to Barack Obama, who played over 300 rounds during his   presidency. Nevertheless, Trump claims to have won many club championships over the years before his decision to dive into the political arena. Historically, golf plays a significant role for many of the nation’s presidents. Dwight Eisenhower played some 800 rounds as the 34th President of the United States. Woodrow Wilson reportedly played 1200 rounds when he was president from 1913 to 1921. The new    will get a chance to air out a gift Abe presented to Trump after he won the election in November. Japan’s chief executive bestowed a Honma Beres   driver to the New York billionaire. The club retails for a whopping $3, 755. During his 2016 presidential campaign, Trump indicated he would be looking for Abe and his country to help the United States in covering the cost of providing security and safety around the world. This idea disturbed many of Trump’s critics, as they accused him of encouraging nuclear arms proliferation in the “Land of the Rising Sun. ” ",0
5770,House Republicans Unveil Plan to Replace Health Law - The New York Times,"WASHINGTON  —   House Republicans unveiled on Monday their   plan to repeal and replace the Affordable Care Act, scrapping the mandate for most Americans to have health insurance in favor of a new system of tax credits to induce people to buy insurance on the open market. The bill sets the stage for a bitter debate over the possible dismantling of the most significant health care law in a  . In its place would be a health law that would be far more oriented to the free market and would make   changes to a vast part of the American economy. The House Republican bill would roll back the expansion of Medicaid that has provided coverage to more than 10 million people in 31 states, reducing federal payments for many new beneficiaries. It also would effectively scrap the unpopular requirement that people have insurance and eliminate tax penalties for those who go without. The requirement for larger employers to offer coverage to their   employees would also be eliminated. People who let their insurance coverage lapse, however, would face a significant penalty. Insurers could increase their premiums by 30 percent, and in that sense, Republicans would replace a penalty for not having insurance with a new penalty for allowing insurance to lapse. House Republican leaders said they would keep three popular provisions in the Affordable Care Act: the prohibition on denying coverage to people with   conditions, the ban on lifetime coverage caps and the rule allowing young people to remain on their parents’ health plans until age 26. Republicans hope to undo other major parts of President Barack Obama’s signature domestic achievement, including   tax credits that help millions of Americans buy insurance, taxes on people with high incomes and the penalty for people who do not have health coverage. Medicaid recipients’   entitlement to health care would be replaced by a   allotment to the states. And people with   medical conditions would face new uncertainties in a more deregulated insurance market. The bill would also cut off federal funds to Planned Parenthood clinics through Medicaid and other government programs for one year. “Obamacare is a sinking ship, and the legislation introduced today will rescue people from the mistakes of the past,” said Representative Kevin McCarthy of California, the majority leader. Democrats denounced the effort as a cruel attempt to strip Americans of their health care. “Republicans will force tens of millions of families to pay more for worse coverage  —   and push millions of Americans off of health coverage entirely,” said Representative Nancy Pelosi of California, the Democratic leader. Two House committees  —   Ways and Means and Energy and Commerce  —   plan to take up the legislation on Wednesday. House Republicans hope the committees will approve the measure this week, clearing the way for the full House to act on it before a spring break scheduled to begin on April 7. The outlook in the Senate is less clear. Democrats want to preserve the Affordable Care Act, and a handful of Republican senators expressed serious concerns about the House plan as it was being developed. Under the House Republican plan, the   tax credits provided under the Affordable Care Act would be replaced with credits that would rise with age as older people generally require more health care. In a late change, the plan reduces the tax credits for individuals with annual incomes over $75, 000 and married couples with incomes over $150, 000. Republicans did not offer any estimate of how much their plan would cost, or how many people would gain or lose insurance. The two House committees plan to vote on the legislation without having estimates of its cost from the Congressional Budget Office, the official scorekeeper on Capitol Hill. But they did get the support from President Trump that they badly need to win House passage. “Obamacare has proven to be a disaster with fewer options, inferior care and skyrocketing costs that are crushing small business and families across America,” said the White House press secretary, Sean Spicer. “Today marks an important step toward restoring health care choices and affordability back to the American people. ” The release of the legislation is a step toward fulfilling a campaign pledge  —   repeal and replace  —   that has animated Republicans since the Affordable Care Act passed in 2010. But it is far from certain Republican lawmakers will be able to get on the same page and repeal the health measure. On Monday, four Republican senators  —   Rob Portman of Ohio, Shelley Moore Capito of West Virginia, Cory Gardner of Colorado and Lisa Murkowski of Alaska  —   signed a letter saying a House draft that they had reviewed did not adequately protect people in states like theirs that have expanded Medicaid under the Affordable Care Act. Three conservative Republicans in the Senate  —   Mike Lee of Utah, Rand Paul of Kentucky and Ted Cruz of Texas  —   had already expressed reservations about the House’s approach. In the House, Republican leaders will have to contend with conservative members who have already been vocal about their misgivings about the legislation being drawn up. “Obamacare 2. 0,” Representative Justin Amash, Republican of Michigan, posted on Twitter on Monday. Representative Mark Meadows, Republican of North Carolina and the chairman of the conservative House Freedom Caucus, also offered a warning on Monday, joining with Mr. Paul to urge that Republican leaders pursue a “clean repeal” of the health care law. “Conservatives don’t want new taxes, new entitlements and an ‘ObamaCare Lite’ bill,” they wrote on the website of Fox News. “If leadership insists on replacing ObamaCare with   no repeal will pass. ” The move to strip Planned Parenthood of funding and the plan’s provisions to reverse tax increases on the   taxpayers will also expose Republicans in more moderate districts to Democratic attacks. The bill would provide each state with a fixed allotment of federal money for each person on Medicaid, the   program for more than 70 million   people. The federal government would pay different amounts for different categories of beneficiaries, including children, older Americans and people with disabilities. The bill would also repeal subsidies that the government provides under the Affordable Care Act to help   people pay deductibles and other    costs for insurance purchased through the public marketplaces. Eliminating these subsidies would cause turmoil in insurance markets, insurers and consumer advocates say. However, the House Republicans would provide states with $100 billion over nine years, which states could use to help people pay for health care and insurance. The tax credits proposed by House Republicans would start at $2, 000 a year for a person under 30 and would rise to a maximum of $4, 000 for a person 60 or older. A family could receive up to $14, 000 in credits. Even with those credits, Democrats say, many people would find insurance unaffordable. But Republicans would allow insurers to sell a leaner, less expensive package of benefits and would allow people to use the tax credits for insurance policies covering only catastrophic costs. While Republicans have argued over how to proceed, Mr. Trump has expressed only vague goals for how to repeal the Affordable Care Act and improve the nation’s health care system. On Capitol Hill, lawmakers and their aides are waiting to see whether he uses his platform, Twitter account and all, to press reluctant Republicans to get behind the House plan. The new version of the House Republican bill makes several changes to earlier drafts of the legislation. It drops a proposal to require employees with     health insurance to pay income and payroll taxes on some of the value of that coverage. In addition, it would delay a provision of the Affordable Care Act that imposed an excise tax on   insurance plans provided by employers to workers. Congress had already delayed this “Cadillac tax”  —   despised by employers and labor unions alike  —   by two years, to 2020. The new legislation would suspend the tax from 2020 through 2024. House Republicans would offer tax credits to help people buy insurance if they did not have coverage available from an employer or a government program. Under earlier versions of the bill, the tax credits increased with a person’s age, but would not have been tied to income. Backbench Republicans said the government should not be providing financial assistance to people with high incomes. Accordingly, under the new version of the bill, the tax credits would be reduced and eventually phased out.",0
5771,The Benefits of the Paleo Diet,"Some people may have recently heard of the many benefits of choosing a Paleo diet and may be wondering what this regime entails. Is this a new fad diet that is heavy on promises and low on results, or is it something that deserves to be thoroughly looked into? Today we are going to address some of the best aspects of a Paleo Diet as well as cover some of the foods that are to avoided.
Best Aspects of the Paleo Diet: Fish: To begin with, this diet is a good choice for those who savor seafood. This dietary regimen allows for the consumption of these foods. According to Dr. Cordain’s work, salmon, halibut, and more types of seafood are even encouraged. This can offer the benefits of healthy Omega 3 fatty acids.
However, there are many medical researchers, such as Dr. Helen Caldicott, that strongly suggest people avoid seafood and the consumption of seaweed dishes, from the Pacific Ocean, due to the ongoing Fukushima disaster. This is a problem that should also be known by those who enjoy cheeses and mushrooms since they both tend to absorb harmful amounts of radiation.
Meats: Grass produced meats are permitted. The Paleo Diet suggests meats are best in moderation. The same applies to other sources of protein, such as seeds, nuts, and eggs.
Many people find this variety of choices is what makes the Paleo Diet superior to many other weight-loss options. This is because a majority of the most common food cravings can be halted with the correct use of these permitted foods. While other healthy diets and eating options tend to revolve around a combination of prudent choices and a strong willpower to succeed, the Paleo Diet is viewed, by many, as one of the least restrictive weight-loss and management options. The variety of foods permitted makes it far easier to stick to an eating regimen, which can lead to positive results in both health and appearance.
Foods to Avoid: There are certain foods that are to be avoided on the Paleo Diet. These food choices include certain grains, refined sugar, dairy, and perhaps the hardest of all, for some, salt. There are some salt substitutes that are healthier and that taste the same as salt, therefore, this hurdle can easily be overcome. One such substitute is called, “No Salt,” which many proclaim tastes so much like regular salt, it is indistinguishable. Perhaps the most quirky thing, due to the makeup of the peanut, is that while nuts are allowed on the diet, peanuts are not allowed.
Before choosing any diet, it is a good idea to consult a doctor first, with that in mind, the Paleo Diet is certainly a health choice that should be considered and is worth researching. This is particularly true regarding those that have experimented with a variety of diets, in the past. There are people who may have given up on their weight-loss journey, due to the experience of food cravings that were unable to be met. This is the leading cause of diet failure in America today and the Paleo Diet is becoming quite popular due to the elimination of this hurdle.
By Samuel Di Gangi
Edited by Jeanette Smith
Sources:
The Paleo Diet: what to eat on the paleo diet
Independent Australia: educating Australians about Fukushima’s implications Dr. Helen Caldicott
Educating Australia
Image Courtesy of Adam Plotrowski’s Flickr Page – Creative Commons License diet , paleo , weight-loss",0
5772,Why Is the Foreign Policy Establishment Spoiling for More War? Look at Their Donors - Dennis Kucinich,"Citizen journalism with a punch Why Is the Foreign Policy Establishment Spoiling for More War? Look at Their Donors 
﻿ War is first and foremost a profitable racket   The Nation 
﻿Washington, DC, may be the only place in the world where people openly flaunt their pseudo-intellectuality by banding together, declaring themselves “think tanks,” and raising money from external interests, including foreign governments, to compile reports that advance policies inimical to the real-life concerns of the American people. 
As a former member of the House of Representatives, I remember 16 years of congressional hearings where pedigreed experts came to advocate wars in testimony based on circular, rococo thinking devoid of depth, reality, and truth. I remember other hearings where the Pentagon was unable to reconcile over $1 trillion in accounts, lost track of $12 billion in cash sent to Iraq, and rigged a missile-defense test so that an interceptor could easily home in on a target. War is first and foremost a profitable racket. 
How else to explain that in the past 15 years this city’s so called bipartisan foreign policy elite has promoted wars in Iraq and Libya, and interventions in Syria and Yemen, which have opened Pandora’s box to a trusting world, to the tune of trillions of dollars, a windfall for military contractors. DC’s think “tanks” should rightly be included in the taxonomy of armored war vehicles and not as gathering places for refugees from academia. 
According to the front page of this past Friday’s Washington Post, the bipartisan foreign-policy elite recommends the next president show less restraint than President Obama. Acting at the urging of “liberal” hawks brandishing humanitarian intervention, read war, the Obama administration attacked Libya along with allied powers working through NATO. 
The think tankers fell in line with the Iraq invasion. Not being in the tank, I did my own analysis of the call for war in October of 2002, based on readily accessible information, and easily concluded that there was no justification for war. I distributed it widely in Congress and led 125 Democrats in voting against the Iraq war resolution. There was no money to be made from a conclusion that war was uncalled for, so, against millions protesting in the United States and worldwide, our government launched into an abyss, with a lot of armchair generals waving combat pennants. The marching band and chowder society of DC think tanks learned nothing from the Iraq and Libya experience. 
The only winners were arms dealers, oil companies, and jihadists. Immediately after the fall of Libya, the black flag of Al Qaeda was raised over a municipal building in Benghazi, Gadhafi’s murder was soon to follow, with Secretary Clinton quipping with a laugh, “We came, we saw, he died.” President Obama apparently learned from this misadventure, but not the Washington policy establishment, which is spoiling for more war. 
The self-identified liberal Center for American Progress (CAP) is now calling for Syria to be bombed, and estimates America’s current military adventures will be tidied up by 2025, a tardy twist on “mission accomplished.” CAP, according to a report in The Nation, has received funding from war contractors Lockheed Martin and Boeing, who make the bombers that CAP wants to rain hellfire on Syria. 
The Brookings Institute has taken tens of millions from foreign governments , notably Qatar, a key player in the military campaign to oust Assad. Retired four-star Marine general John Allen is now a Brookings senior fellow . Charles Lister is a senior fellow at the Middle East Institute , which has received funding from Saudi Arabia , the major financial force providing billions in arms to upend Assad and install a Sunni caliphate stretching across Iraq and Syria. Foreign-government money is driving our foreign policy. 
As the drumbeat for an expanded war gets louder, Allen and Lister jointly signed an op-ed in the Sunday Washington Post, calling for an attack on Syria. The Brookings Institute, in a report to Congress , admitted it received $250,000 from the US Central Command, Centcom, where General Allen shared leadership duties with General David Petraeus.Pentagon money to think tanks that endorse war? This is academic integrity, DC-style. 
And why is Central Command, as well as the Food and Drug Administration, the US Department of transportation, and the US Department of Health and Human Services giving money to Brookings? 
﻿ Former secretary of state Madeleine Albright, who famously told Colin Powell , “What’s the point of having this superb military you’re always talking about if we can’t use it,” predictably says of this current moment , “We do think there needs to be more American action.” A former Bush administration top adviser is also calling for the United States to launch a cruise missile attack on Syria. 
The American people are fed up with war, but a concerted effort is being made through fearmongering, propaganda, and lies to prepare our country for a dangerous confrontation, with Russia in Syria. 
The demonization of Russia is a calculated plan to resurrect a raison d’être for stone-cold warriors trying to escape from the dustbin of history by evoking the specter of Russian world domination. 
It’s infectious. Earlier this year the BBC broadcast a fictional show that contemplated WWIII, beginning with a Russian invasion of Latvia (where 26 percent of the population is ethnic Russian and 34 percent of Latvians speak Russian at home). 
The imaginary WWIII scenario conjures Russia’s targeting London for a nuclear strike. No wonder that by the summer of 2016 a poll showed two-thirds of UK citizens approved the new British PM’s launching a nuclear strike in retaliation. So much for learning the lessons detailed in the Chilcot report. 
As this year’s presidential election comes to a conclusion, the Washington ideologues are regurgitating the same bipartisan consensus that has kept America at war since 9/11 and made the world a decidedly more dangerous place. 
The DC think tanks provide cover for the political establishment, a political safety net, with a fictive analytical framework providing a moral rationale for intervention, capitol casuistry. I’m fed up with the DC policy elite who cash in on war while presenting themselves as experts, at the cost of other people’s lives, our national fortune, and the sacred honor of our country. 
Any report advocating war that comes from any alleged think tank ought to be accompanied by a list of the think tank’s sponsors and donors and a statement of the lobbying connections of the report’s authors. 
It is our patriotic duty to expose why the DC foreign-policy establishment and its sponsors have not learned from their failures and instead are repeating them, with the acquiescence of the political class and sleepwalkers with press passes. 
It is also time for a new peace movement in America, one that includes progressives and libertarians alike, both in and out of Congress, to organize on campuses, in cities, and towns across America, to serve as an effective counterbalance to the Demuplican war party, its think tanks, and its media cheerleaders. The work begins now, not after the Inauguration. We must not accept war as inevitable, and those leaders who would lead us in that direction, whether in Congress or the White House, must face visible opposition.  ",0
5773,"Dr. Jim Willie: ‘The Western central bank franchise system is totally broken, totally insolvent, and totally corrupt’… Bloomberg: ‘If debt continues to increase at twice the rate of GDP, financial engineering can only smooth things over for so long.’","Dr. Jim Willie: ‘The Western central bank franchise system is totally broken, totally insolvent, and totally corrupt’… Bloomberg: ‘If debt continues to increase at twice the rate of GDP, financial engineering can only smooth things over for so long.’ by IWB · October 27, 2016 Tweet Schaeuble says monetary policy has reached its limits There is a growing international consensus that monetary policy has reached the limits of its possibilities, German Finance Wolfgang Schaeuble told a group of government officials in Berlin on Tuesday. 
http://www.reuters.com/article/us-germany-schaeuble-liquidity-idUSKCN12P2EN China Gets Desperate About Debt 
With its debts surging and growth sluggish, China has hit on a new strategy to revitalize its ailing economy. It’s the same as the old strategy. Only this time, it won’t work. 
Earlier this month, China’s State Council released guidelines for a new swap program, in which companies can exchange troubled debt with banks in return for equity. The government hopes this will give the firms a chance to restructure on favorable terms, and avoid the prospect of “zombie companies” propped up indefinitely by state-owned lenders. 
Optimists point to a similar program that China executed, with some success, a little more than a decade ago. But they’re overlooking the primary reason that the previous swap seemed to work — which doesn’t portend success this time around. 
In the late 1990s, responding to a similar bout of excessive borrowing, China’s government created state-owned asset-management companies to help banks clean up their balance sheets. Firms such as China Cinda Asset Management Co. and China Huarong Asset Management Co. grew out of this program. These “bad banks” purchased a wide variety of assets and held them for extended periods with minimal return, thus helping the banks to continue lending. 
The extent to which this solved any problems, as opposed to papering them over, is debatable. But even the limited success of that program won’t be repeated this time around. 
… 
In this light, China doesn’t need a new debt-for-equity swap program. It needs to cut credit growth. If debt continues to increase at twice the rate of GDP, financial engineering can only smooth things over for so long. The government also needs to recapitalize the banking system. That will be expensive: By most estimates, it will cost upward of $500 billion . But if banks simply shuffle bad debt between themselves, as is happening so far, there will be no net change to the health of the system. 
Unfortunately for China, there’s no cheap or easy way out of this problem. Someday, the debt always comes due. 
https://www.bloomberg.com/view/articles/2016-10-26/china-gets-desperate-about-debt 
Europe could be on eve of banking Armageddon which will dwarf Credit Crunch, says expert 
GERMANY, Italy, Switzerland, Britain and France are facing the catastrophic consequences of ‘over leveraging’ as Europe’s biggest banks prepare to release their latest results over the next two days. 
And analysts say the potential for a cataclysmic failure could spread like a wild-fire hitting the continent and beyond as the true extent of deep troubles in the international banking sector are revealed. 
The IMF and German governments have refused to step in to prop-up struggling banks but risk analysts are warning Deutsche Bank, RBS, Lloyds, Unicredit, Intesa SanPaolo, and BMPS could all need a state bail out. 
And it’s going to be a wake up call for the whole of Europe say experts who fear the reports are not going to be good for anyone. 
With alarming simliarities to the 2008 global financial crash, the latest results could spell disaster not only for the wealthy bankers paid to operate the system but for ordinary savers. 
New York based David Hendler of Viola Risk Advisors says the next two days could have serious ramifications for the entire globe. 
He said: “Like autumn leaves falling from the mighty oaks, the incredible yellows, oranges, and reds, will turn and rot into the ugly browns and black detritus, leading to smelly and then crumbled leaves. 
Dr. Jim Willie Writes: 
The Western central bank franchise system is totally broken, totally insolvent, and totally corrupt. It invites the Gold Standard return. The entire financial system is built upon a debt-based monetary system. The debt saturation process has run its full course. The central bank heads have been covering the sovereign debt for the last five years, having rendered their balance sheets as ruined. Debt is at obscene levels, like $19.7 trillion for the USGovt. No debt limits are in place anymore, a signal that most likely it has already defaulted. A hidden game is underway, with control lost to the creditors, even as they attempt to salvage their debt holdings. The major central banks continue to manage badly the great game, where money is fake phony and a farce. A titanic battle is underway, where the Eastern nations are discarding their USTreasury Bonds, and doing so in tremendous volume while they set up the many platforms and pieces to the Gold Standard.",0
5774,"Is the US a banana republic? - Putin [Valdai, Part 1 of 1]","
October 29th, 2016 - Fort Russ News - 
RT- Translated by  Inessa Sinchougova 




Vladimir Putin's annual address at the Valdai Discussion Club, held in Sochi, Russian Federation. This year hosted by the Professor of Russian Studies, Timothy Colton, at Harvard University. Most leading journalists as well as scholars, both Russian and international, are invited to attend - whether they do is another matter.  
This is of course not the first time Mr Putin attempts to wake the sleeping - in fact, Putin has been saying similar things for many years. 
Check out these historical Valdai clips to spot the similarities, and gain a sense of Putin's patience! 
""Who created ISIS?"" - Putin, Valdai 2014 (7 mins) https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VbZDyr2LkdI 
""How safe do you feel living in the world of today?"" - Putin, Valdai 2014 (3 mins) https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qhPlWH69jQ8 
""Putin on the Global Elite"" - Valdai, 2014 (5 mins) https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=v6aC-TDQMlc 
""Putin's urgent message to the West"" - Valdai 2014 (41 mins) https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mpvzKlqZoF0 




     Follow us on Facebook!                                                                                                      
       Follow us on Twitter!                                
             Donate! ",0
5775,Fed Officials Saw Outlook as Cloudy at Meeting Before ‘Brexit’ Vote - The New York Times,"WASHINGTON  —   The Federal Reserve did not raise its benchmark interest rate in June because officials worried that economic growth might be flagging, according to an official account published on Wednesday. And that was before Britain upset financial markets by voting to leave the European Union. The June meeting, and the fallout from the   Brexit vote, continued what has become a familiar pattern: The Fed entered the year predicting stronger growth and a gradual return to higher interest rates. It has beat a slow retreat from both predictions as the data has disappointed its expectations. “This is not an economy that is running hot,” Daniel Tarullo, a Fed governor who advocated patience, said on Wednesday. He added that it would take time to assess the impact of Britain’s exit from the European Union on the American economy. Financial markets are now betting heavily that the Fed will not raise rates again before 2017. The yield on the benchmark   Treasury bond has fallen below 1. 4 percent, the lowest level in history. Fed officials insisted in the weeks before the June meeting that they were thinking seriously about raising rates for the first time since December. The meeting account, released after a standard   delay, said the weak pace of reported job growth in May effectively ended that debate. “Almost all participants judged that the surprisingly weak May employment report increased their uncertainty about the outlook for the labor market,” the account said. The vote to do nothing at the June meeting was unanimous  —   a first for the Fed since January  —   but differences persisted over how long the Fed should wait. Some officials continued to argue for raising rates soon, while others saw little reason for urgency. Those in favor of moving argued that unemployment and inflation were close to levels the Fed regarded as healthy, and waiting could cause the economy to overheat. In their view, the minutes said, “taking another step in removing monetary accommodation should not be delayed too long. ” Stanley Fischer, the Fed’s vice chairman, said last week on the business cable news network CNBC that there was still reason for optimism about the economic outlook. “First of all, the U. S. economy since the very bad data we got in May on employment has done pretty well,” he said. “Most of the incoming data looked good. ” Others, however, were inclined to leave rates near zero for some time. These officials, the account said, “underscored they would need to accumulate sufficient evidence to increase their confidence that economic growth was strong enough to withstand a possible downward shock to demand. ” James Bullard, the president of the Federal Reserve Bank of St. Louis, announced after the June meeting that he now expected that the Fed should keep rates near the current low level through 2018. Rob Martin, an economist at Barclays, said the debate would be decided by job growth in the coming months. The government will release its June employment report on Friday. “If employment growth picks up this summer, members will become more optimistic over the outlook for activity,” Mr. Martin wrote on Wednesday, after the release of the meeting minutes. “Likewise, if employment growth disappoints over the summer, even the most hawkish member will begin to revise its outlook lower and no member would push hard for a September rate hike. ” Since the financial crisis, inflation has consistently failed to reach the 2 percent annual pace the Fed regards as healthy. Inflation expectations have declined sharply. And, as inflation sags in other developed nations, some economists warn that central banks are not doing enough. But the Fed remains officially sanguine. The account said most officials expected faster inflation in coming years. The global economy also remains a concern. The June minutes said that officials saw signs of improvement  —   but that was before the British vote. There is general agreement that Britain’s exit from the European Union will drag on growth, but the magnitude remains unclear. In the short term, that is another reason for the Fed to delay any rate increases. “We are still evaluating it,” Mr. Fischer said on Friday. “My guess is that it will be less important for the U. S. than the countries directly involved  —   almost just logically so. We will wait and see. ”",0
5776,SPECTRE Is Real: Federal Shadow Government,"SPECTRE Is Real: Federal Shadow Government # www.youtube.com 225 
The shadow government has fully come into the light. The Rothschild central banking system has been defined as the 'octopus' aka devilfish that ""feeds on nothing but gold."" 
Today we go one step further and unveil the dark spiritual entity behind the shadow government. This entity is encoded within the Papal regalia of Vatican City which controls all countries under the law of the seas (Maritime Law) discretely. 
This video exposes the HEAD of the shadow government. For the COMPLETE breakdown of the Papal Regalia please visit theJonathankleck via YouTube. Tags",0
5777,"U.S. Officials Defend Integrity of Vote, Despite Hacking Fears - The New York Times","WASHINGTON  —   The Obama administration said on Friday that despite Russian attempts to undermine the presidential election, it has concluded that the results “accurately reflect the will of the American people. ” The statement came as liberal opponents of Donald J. Trump, some citing fears of vote hacking, are seeking recounts in three states  —   Wisconsin, Michigan and Pennsylvania  —   where his margin of victory was extremely thin. A drive by Jill Stein, the Green Party candidate, for recounts in those states had brought in more than $5 million by midday on Friday, her campaign said, and had increased its goal to $7 million. She filed for a recount in Wisconsin on Friday, about an hour before the deadline. In its statement, the administration said, “The Kremlin probably expected that publicity surrounding the disclosures that followed the Russian   compromises of emails from U. S. persons and institutions, including from U. S. political organizations, would raise questions about the integrity of the election process that could have undermined the legitimacy of the  . ” That was a reference to the breach of the Democratic National Committee’s email system, and the leak of emails from figures like John D. Podesta, Hillary Clinton’s campaign chairman. “Nevertheless, we stand behind our election results, which accurately reflect the will of the American people,” it added. Supporters of Mrs. Clinton have enthusiastically backed the notion of challenging the results in the three states as a   effort to reverse Mr. Trump’s clear majority in the Electoral College. They have seized on suggestions by some computer scientists that the states, which were crucial to Mr. Trump’s victory, need to manually review paper ballots to ensure the election was not hacked. The campaign, uniting around the hashtag #AuditTheVote, has picked up momentum among   activists still mourning Mr. Trump’s victory. But the pleas for recounts have gained no support from the Clinton campaign, which has concluded that it is highly unlikely to change the outcome. In Michigan, Ms. Stein must wait for a Monday meeting of the state’s Board of Canvassers to certify the results of the Nov. 8 balloting before filing for a recount. In Pennsylvania, where paper ballots are used only in some areas, election officials said that the deadline to petition for a recount had passed, but that a candidate could challenge the result in court before a Monday deadline. The recount efforts have generated pushback by experts who said it would be enormously difficult to hack voting machines on a large scale. The administration, in its statement, confirmed reports from the Department of Homeland Security and intelligence officials that they did not see “any increased level of malicious cyberactivity aimed at disrupting our electoral process on Election Day. ” The administration said it remained “confident in the overall integrity of electoral infrastructure, a confidence that was borne out. ” It added: “As a result, we believe our elections were free and fair from a cybersecurity perspective. ” However, intelligence officials are still investigating the impact of a broader Russian “information warfare” campaign, in which fake news about Mrs. Clinton, and about United   relations, appeared intended to influence voters. Many of those false reports originated from RT News and Sputnik, two   Russian sites. Those   reports were widely circulated on social media, independent studies, including one set for release soon, have shown, sometimes in an organized fashion by groups that appear to have had common ownership. Individuals, conservative   hosts and activists recirculated them, often not knowing, or apparently not caring, about the accuracy of the reports. A study published just before the election on War on the Rocks, written by Andrew Weisburd, Clinton Watts and J. M. Berger, documented efforts by “trolls” to attack the reputations of those who challenged Russia’s activities in Syria, and to spread rumors about Mrs. Clinton’s health. The study said that an effort to track 7, 000 social media accounts over two and a half years indicated that support for Mr. Trump “isn’t the end of Russia’s social media and hacking campaign in America, but merely the beginning. ” But the misinformation effort is far from   . Many people who spread false news have no connections to any foreign power, including a man in Austin, Tex. who posted a Twitter message saying that paid protesters were being bused to an   demonstration there. Though the report quickly went viral, the buses, it turned out, were there for a corporate conference. Other examples, including one studied by a group called Propaganda or Not and first cited by The Washington Post, appear to have more concrete connections to Russia. In late August, stories suggesting that Mrs. Clinton might have Parkinson’s disease were circulated on trupundit. com, which often runs   material. It clearly twisted an email sent by one of Mrs. Clinton’s top aides about a drug called Provigil that is used to treat sleepiness. It has also been prescribed to patients with sleepiness as a side effect from several different ailments, the email added, including “Parkinson’s, Alzheimer’s and multiple sclerosis. ” That single reference was enough to create a fake story suggesting that Mrs. Clinton was being treated for Parkinson’s. The allegation was quickly shot down by several news organizations. It made little difference: Propaganda or Not, made up of former national security, intelligence and other professionals, and some workers at Google and other technology firms, concluded that it was reproduced tens of thousands of times, sometimes by botnets, and viewed millions of times. But it is not known whether that news was circulated under Russian government direction, or simply by Russian sympathizers, or Mrs. Clinton’s opponents. The barrage of online efforts to influence the election this year has prompted broader concerns that similar attempts, directed by the Kremlin or its surrogates, could now be focused on elections next year in Germany and France. The goal, intelligence officials and outside experts fear, is to undermine the cohesiveness of the Western alliance, particularly NATO members, by calling into question the validity of democratic elections. “We simply don’t know what the effects of the ‘fake news’ and other disinformation was,” said Jason Healey, an expert on cyberconflict at Columbia University. “If they were able to influence in favor of Trump by one or two percentage points in some places, they will be encouraged to try again for the French and the Germans. ” The efforts have also prompted debate inside Facebook and other social media firms about their responsibility to filter out false news. But doing so is a complex task, akin to editing a news operation, and it comes with complex political calculations: Once social media firms begin editing here to American standards, they will be under pressure from authoritarian regimes to do the same to their standards. In its statement, the administration focused chiefly on the threat of Russian manipulation of the vote on Election Day, not on the proliferation of propaganda and fake news. Ms. Stein, of the Green Party, acknowledged on Thursday in an interview with the PBS “NewsHour” that it was unlikely that recounts could change the results. Still, she said that “this was an election in which we saw hacking all over the place,” and that “at the same time, we have a voting system which has been proven to basically be wide open to hackers. ”",0
5778,272 Slaves Were Sold to Save Georgetown. What Does It Owe Their Descendants? - The New York Times,"WASHINGTON  —   The human cargo was loaded on ships at a bustling wharf in the nation’s capital, destined for the plantations of the Deep South. Some slaves pleaded for rosaries as they were rounded up, praying for deliverance. But on this day, in the fall of 1838, no one was spared: not the    baby and her mother, not the field hands, not the shoemaker and not Cornelius Hawkins, who was about 13 years old when he was forced onboard. Their panic and desperation would be mostly forgotten for more than a century. But this was no ordinary slave sale. The enslaved   had belonged to the nation’s most prominent Jesuit priests. And they were sold, along with scores of others, to help secure the future of the premier Catholic institution of higher learning at the time, known today as Georgetown University. Now, with racial protests roiling college campuses, an unusual collection of Georgetown professors, students, alumni and genealogists is trying to find out what happened to those 272 men, women and children. And they are confronting a particularly wrenching question: What, if anything, is owed to the descendants of slaves who were sold to help ensure the college’s survival? More than a dozen universities  —   including Brown, Columbia, Harvard and the University of Virginia  —   have publicly recognized their ties to slavery and the slave trade. But the 1838 slave sale organized by the Jesuits, who founded and ran Georgetown, stands out for its sheer size, historians say. At Georgetown, slavery and scholarship were inextricably linked. The college relied on Jesuit plantations in Maryland to help finance its operations, university officials say. (Slaves were often donated by prosperous parishioners.) And the 1838 sale  —   worth about $3. 3 million in today’s dollars  —   was organized by two of Georgetown’s early presidents, both Jesuit priests. Some of that money helped to pay off the debts of the struggling college. “The university itself owes its existence to this history,” said Adam Rothman, a historian at Georgetown and a member of a university working group that is studying ways for the institution to acknowledge and try to make amends for its tangled roots in slavery. Although the working group was established in August, it was student demonstrations at Georgetown in the fall that helped to galvanize alumni and gave new urgency to the administration’s efforts. The students organized a protest and a   using the hashtag #GU272 for the slaves who were sold. In November, the university  agreed to remove the names of the Rev. Thomas F. Mulledy and the Rev. William McSherry, the college presidents involved in the sale, from two campus buildings. An alumnus, following the protest from afar, wondered if more needed to be done. That alumnus, Richard J. Cellini, the chief executive of a technology company and a practicing Catholic, was troubled that neither the Jesuits nor university officials had tried to trace the lives of the enslaved   or compensate their progeny. Mr. Cellini is an unlikely racial crusader. A white man, he admitted that he had never spent much time thinking about slavery or   history. But he said he could not stop thinking about the slaves, whose names had been in Georgetown’s archives for decades. “This is not a disembodied group of people, who are nameless and faceless,” said Mr. Cellini, 52, whose company, Briefcase Analytics, is based in Cambridge, Mass. “These are real people with real names and real descendants. ” Within two weeks, Mr. Cellini had set up a nonprofit, the Georgetown Memory Project, hired eight genealogists and raised more than $10, 000 from fellow alumni to finance their research. Dr. Rothman, the Georgetown historian, heard about Mr. Cellini’s efforts and let him know that he and several of his students were also tracing the slaves. Soon, the two men and their teams were working on parallel tracks. What has emerged from their research, and that of other scholars, is a glimpse of an insular world dominated by priests who required their slaves to attend Mass for the sake of their salvation, but also whipped and sold some of them. The records describe runaways, harsh plantation conditions and the anguish voiced by some Jesuits over their participation in a system of forced servitude. “A microcosm of the whole history of American slavery,” Dr. Rothman said. The enslaved were grandmothers and grandfathers, carpenters and blacksmiths, pregnant women and anxious fathers, children and infants, who were fearful, bewildered and despairing as they saw their families and communities ripped apart by the sale of 1838. The researchers have used archival records to follow their footsteps, from the Jesuit plantations in Maryland, to the docks of New Orleans, to three plantations west and south of Baton Rouge, La. The hope was to eventually identify the slaves’ descendants. By the end of December, one of Mr. Cellini’s genealogists felt confident that she had found a strong test case: the family of the boy, Cornelius Hawkins. There are no surviving images of Cornelius, no letters or journals that offer a look into his last hours on a Jesuit plantation in Maryland. He was not yet five feet tall when he sailed onboard the Katharine Jackson, one of several vessels that carried the slaves to the port of New Orleans. An inspector scrutinized the cargo on Dec. 6, 1838. “Examined and found correct,” he wrote of Cornelius and the 129 other people he found on the ship. The notation betrayed no hint of the turmoil on board. But priests at the Jesuit plantations recounted the panic and fear they witnessed when the slaves departed. Some children were sold without their parents, records show, and slaves were “dragged off by force to the ship,” the Rev. Thomas Lilly reported. Others, including two of Cornelius’s uncles, ran away before they could be captured. But few were lucky enough to escape. The Rev. Peter Havermans wrote of an elderly woman who fell to her knees, begging to know what she had done to deserve such a fate, according to Robert Emmett Curran, a retired Georgetown historian who described eyewitness accounts of the sale in his research. Cornelius’s extended family was split, with his aunt Nelly and her daughters shipped to one plantation, and his uncle James and his wife and children sent to another, records show. At the time, the Catholic Church did not view slaveholding as immoral, said the Rev. Thomas R. Murphy, a historian at Seattle University who has written a book about the Jesuits and slavery. The Jesuits had sold off individual slaves before. As early as the 1780s, Dr. Rothman found, they openly discussed the need to cull their stock of human beings. But the decision to sell virtually all of their enslaved   in the 1830s left some priests deeply troubled. They worried that new owners might not allow the slaves to practice their Catholic faith. They also knew that life on plantations in the Deep South was notoriously brutal, and feared that families might end up being separated and resold. “It would be better to suffer financial disaster than suffer the loss of our souls with the sale of the slaves,” wrote the Rev. Jan Roothaan, who headed the Jesuits’ international organization from Rome and was initially reluctant to authorize the sale. But he was persuaded to reconsider by several prominent Jesuits, including Father Mulledy, then the influential president of Georgetown who had overseen its expansion, and Father McSherry, who was in charge of the Jesuits’ Maryland mission. (The two men would swap positions by 1838.) Mismanaged and inefficient, the Maryland plantations no longer offered a reliable source of income for Georgetown College, which had been founded in 1789. It would not survive, Father Mulledy feared, without an influx of cash. So in June 1838, he negotiated a deal with Henry Johnson, a member of the House of Representatives, and Jesse Batey, a landowner in Louisiana, to sell Cornelius and the others. Father Mulledy promised his superiors that the slaves would continue to practice their religion. Families would not be separated. And the money raised by the sale would not be used to pay off debt or for operating expenses. None of those conditions were met, university officials said. Father Mulledy took most of the down payment he received from the sale  —   about $500, 000 in today’s dollars  —   and used it to help pay off the debts that Georgetown had incurred under his leadership. In the uproar that followed, he was called to Rome and reassigned. The next year, Pope Gregory XVI explicitly barred Catholics from engaging in “this traffic in Blacks   …     no matter what pretext or excuse. ” But the pope’s order, which did not explicitly address slave ownership or private sales like the one organized by the Jesuits, offered scant comfort to Cornelius and the other slaves. By the 1840s, word was trickling back to Washington that the slaves’ new owners had broken their promises. Some slaves suffered at the hands of a cruel overseer. Roughly   of the Jesuits’ former slaves  —   including Cornelius and his family  —   had been shipped to two plantations so distant from churches that “they never see a Catholic priest,” the Rev. James Van de Velde, a Jesuit who visited Louisiana, wrote in a letter in 1848. Father Van de Velde begged Jesuit leaders to send money for the construction of a church that would “provide for the salvation of those poor people, who are now utterly neglected. ” He addressed his concerns to Father Mulledy, who three years earlier had returned to his post as president of Georgetown. There is no indication that he received any response.   are often a fleeting presence in the documents of the 1800s. Enslaved, marginalized and forced into illiteracy by laws that prohibited them from learning to read and write, many seem like ghosts who pass through this world without leaving a trace. After the sale, Cornelius vanishes from the public record until 1851 when his trail finally picks back up on a cotton plantation near Maringouin, La. His owner, Mr. Batey, had died, and Cornelius appeared on the plantation’s inventory, which included 27 mules and horses, 32 hogs, two ox carts and scores of other slaves. He was valued at $900. (“Valuable Plantation and Negroes for Sale,” read one newspaper advertisement in 1852.) The plantation would be sold again and again and again, records show, but Cornelius’s family remained intact. In 1870, he appeared in the census for the first time. He was about 48 then, a father, a husband, a farm laborer and, finally, a free man. He might have disappeared from view again for a time, save for something few could have counted on: his deep, abiding faith. It was his Catholicism, born on the Jesuit plantations of his childhood, that would provide researchers with a road map to his descendants. Cornelius had originally been shipped to a plantation so far from a church that he had married in a civil ceremony. But six years after he appeared in the census, and about three decades after the birth of his first child, he renewed his wedding vows with the blessing of a priest. His children and grandchildren also embraced the Catholic church. So Judy Riffel, one of the genealogists hired by Mr. Cellini, began following a chain of weddings and births, baptisms and burials. The church records helped lead to a    woman in Baton Rouge named Maxine Crump. Ms. Crump, a retired television news anchor, was driving to Maringouin, her hometown, in early February when her cellphone rang. Mr. Cellini was on the line. She listened, stunned, as he told her about her    Cornelius Hawkins, who had labored on a plantation just a few miles from where she grew up. She found out about the Jesuits and Georgetown and the sea voyage to Louisiana. And she learned that Cornelius had worked the soil of a   estate that straddled the Bayou Maringouin. All of this was new to Ms. Crump, except for the name Cornelius  —   or Neely, as Cornelius was known. The name had been passed down from generation to generation in her family. Her   had the name, as did one of her cousins. Now, for the first time, Ms. Crump understood its origins. “Oh my God,” she said. “Oh my God. ” Ms. Crump is a familiar figure in Baton Rouge. She was the city’s first black woman television anchor. She runs a nonprofit, Dialogue on Race Louisiana, that offers educational programs on institutional racism and ways to combat it. She prides herself on being unflappable. But the revelations about her lineage  —   and the church she grew up in  —   have unleashed a swirl of emotions. She is outraged that the church’s leaders sanctioned the buying and selling of slaves, and that Georgetown profited from the sale of her ancestors. She feels great sadness as she envisions Cornelius as a young boy, torn from everything he knew. Mr. Cellini, whose genealogists have already traced more than 200 of the slaves from Maryland to Louisiana, believes there may be thousands of living descendants. He has contacted a few, including Patricia   president of the Eastern Washington Genealogical Society in Spokane, who is helping to track the Jesuit slaves with her group. (Ms.   discovered her connection through an earlier effort by the university to publish records online about the Jesuit plantations.) Meanwhile, Georgetown’s working group has been weighing whether the university should apologize for profiting from slave labor, create a memorial to those enslaved and provide scholarships for their descendants, among other possibilities, said Dr. Rothman, the historian. “It’s hard to know what could possibly reconcile a history like this,” he said. “What can you do to make amends?” Ms. Crump, 69, has been asking herself that question, too. She does not put much stock in what she describes as “casual institutional apologies. ” But she would like to see a scholarship program that would bring the slaves’ descendants to Georgetown as students. And she would like to see Cornelius’s name, and those of his parents and children, inscribed on a memorial on campus. Her ancestors, once amorphous and invisible, are finally taking shape in her mind. There is joy in that, she said, exhilaration even. “Now they are real to me,” she said, “more real every day. ” She still wants to know more about Cornelius’s beginnings, and about his life as a free man. But when Ms. Riffel, the genealogist, told her where she thought he was buried, Ms. Crump knew exactly where to go. The two women drove on the narrow roads that line the green, rippling sugar cane fields in Iberville Parish. There was no need for a map. They were heading to the only Catholic cemetery in Maringouin. They found the last physical marker of Cornelius’s journey at the Immaculate Heart of Mary cemetery, where Ms. Crump’s father, grandmother and   are also buried. The worn gravestone had toppled, but the wording was plain: “Neely Hawkins Died April 16, 1902. ”",0
5779,Belichick: Deflate-gate ’Ridiculous’ - Breitbart,"New England Patriots coach Bill Belichick sat down for an interview that aired Thursday with CNBC’s Suzy Welch and finally shared his thoughts on “ ” in a game of word association.  Welch asked Belichick for the word he associates with “” and the coach responded “ridiculous. ” The NFL suspended Belichick’s   quarterback Tom Brady for four games in 2016 over the suspicion of deflated footballs from the 2015 AFC Championship Game against the Indianapolis Colts. Welch also asked Belichick for his thoughts on winning. “The goal,” he replied. “There’s no medals for trying. This isn’t like eighth grade where everybody gets a trophy. We’re in a professional sport and it’s competitive to win. That’s what we do. ” Follow Trent Baker on Twitter @MagnifiTrent",0
5780,How to Have a Relaxing Vacation in a City - The New York Times,"Beach and spa vacations are typically associated with relaxation while urban getaways tend to be all go, go, go, but that doesn’t always have to be the case, according to Michael Bonsor, the hotel manager of Rosewood London. “You can absolutely head to a city for a relaxing vacation,” he said. Here, Mr. Bonsor shares his tips on how to have a   trip in a busy city setting: SET THE MOOD BEFOREHAND Use the journey to your destination as an opportunity to get into vacation mode: If you’re flying, use a pair of   headphones and order a glass of Champagne or another drink you enjoy when you get on board. And watch movies or listen to music on your iPad or on the airline’s   entertainment system. If you’re driving, plan to hit the road when it isn’t rush hour, so you don’t spend hours sitting in traffic have a playlist on hand with your favorite songs and carry indulgent snacks such as a bar of good chocolate. The idea, Mr. Bonsor said, is to start unwinding before your vacation starts. PICK A MANAGEABLE CITY Large cities like New York City, Paris and Tokyo usually don’t lend themselves to relaxation because visitors are often overwhelmed by the number of attractions and can tire themselves out trying to take them all in. Smaller cities such as Vancouver, British Columbia San Miguel de Allende, Mexico and Washington, while still appealing, are more manageable. “You might want to hit a site or two, but there’s not that feeling of sensory overload that comes with larger urban settings,” Mr. Bonsor said. HOTEL LOCATION MATTERS Maximize your getaway by staying in a neighborhood you want to explore  —   you will probably be able to get around by walking or biking and won’t waste time commuting to other parts of town. If you like shopping, choose a property in the city’s main shopping district. If art is of interest, go for a hotel near art museums or galleries. BOOK A SPA TREATMENT UPON ARRIVAL There is nothing like a massage or a spa treatment to help you   and set the tone for a relaxing getaway. In advance of your trip, make an appointment for the day you arrive at your hotel’s spa or one nearby. And if there are particular techniques that the destination is known for, ask for these so you get a greater sense of place. PLAN FOR RELAXATION Give yourself plenty of unscheduled time to decompress by napping or reading by the hotel pool,   at cafes, lingering at wine bars and wandering through the streets soaking up the surroundings. Of course, you should hit tourist sites, but plan to visit them early in the day when they tend to be less crowded.",0
5781,‘S.N.L.’ Begins a New Season With Alec Baldwin as Donald Trump - The New York Times,"There was a   invocation of “    economics” a repeated, awkward pronunciation of China some audible sniffling and a vehement complaint of a broken microphone a plea to call Sean Hannity and a gleeful shoulder shimmy. Yes, to kick off its 42nd season, “Saturday Night Live,” the NBC sketch comedy institution, opened with a parody of the first presidential debate, pitting Kate McKinnon as Hillary Clinton against Alec Baldwin as Donald J. Trump, and Michael Che as the baffled, deadpan moderator, Lester Holt. This eagerly awaited sketch, which opened the show on Saturday (and which NBC had been promoting during the week as if it were a championship prize fight) mixed some of the   zingers and gaffes from Monday’s debate with the show’s own satirical takes on the political showdown. Ms. McKinnon played Mrs. Clinton as a politician still struggling to make personal connections, warning that Mr. Trump’s policies would harm “laborers like my own human father, who made, I guess, drapes, or printed drapes or sold drapes, something with drapes  —   he was relatable and I am also relatable. ” Meanwhile, Mr. Baldwin gave a preening,   impersonation of Mr. Trump, who in one volatile tirade said of Mrs. Clinton: “She’s the one with the bad temperament. She’s always screaming. She’s constantly lying. Her hair is crazy. Her face is completely orange, except around the eyes where it’s white. ” The lampooning of the presidential debate has become a quadrennial tradition at “S. N. L. ” It’s an institution that has yielded such enduring moments as when, in 1988, Jon Lovitz (in the guise of Michael Dukakis) contemplated Dana Carvey (as the elder George Bush) and groused, “I can’t believe I’m losing to this guy” in 1992, when Mr. Carvey simultaneously played Mr. Bush and his challenger Ross Perot (the latter performance had been recorded ahead of time) and in 2000, when Will Ferrell (as George W. Bush) summarized the best argument for his candidacy in a single word, “strategery. ” This year, anticipation for the debate parody seemed to run especially high, following the   on Monday between Mr. Trump and Mrs. Clinton at Hofstra University, which drew an estimated 84 million viewers, according to Nielsen. “S. N. L. ” is riding the momentum of Ms. McKinnon’s recent Emmy Award victory for her work on the show, and, for an added boost of adrenaline, brought in Mr. Baldwin, a frequent guest host, to play Mr. Trump this season. (Recently, the role had been played by Darrell Hammond, a veteran “S. N. L. ” cast member who is now its announcer, and Taran Killam, who left the show before the start of this season.) “Saturday Night Live” is also facing the question of whether it can have any satirical bite on Mr. Trump, who was a controversial choice to host the program in November 2015. NBC, the longtime home of Mr. Trump’s reality shows “The Apprentice” and “Celebrity Apprentice,” said it was ending its business ties with him in June 2015, citing the “derogatory statements” in his announcement as a presidential candidate, in which he described Mexican immigrants as “rapists” and “murderers. ” Nonetheless, Mr. Trump has continued to appear on NBC entertainment programs including “S. N. L. ” and “The Tonight Show Starring Jimmy Fallon,” whose host was roundly criticized for conducting a chummy interview with Mr. Trump in September. In Saturday’s season premiere, “S. N. L. ” seemed to play it down the middle, balancing each joke about Mr. Trump with a zinger about Mrs. Clinton. As the   Colin Jost remarked at the start of the “Weekend Update” segment, “The first presidential debate is over, and it’s official: We have to choose between Hillary Clinton and Donald Trump. ” Mr. Che, on “Weekend Update,” joked that watching the debate was like “watching a divorced couple fight for custody of a kid that hates them both. ” He also compared the debate to the divorce of Angelina Jolie and Brad Pitt, “but if Brad Pitt only wanted to keep the white kids. ” Other   sketches included a political edition of the game show “Family Feud,” in which members of the Trump family (and Vladimir V. Putin) competed against Mrs. Clinton’s allies, including Bernie Sanders (played by the frequent “S. N. L. ” guest star Larry David).",0
5782,"How America's Elections Are Hacked, Missing Link Discovered","

Black Box Voting, founded in 2003, performs nonpartisan investigative reporting on elections in an attempt to stop vote rigging.
You may be wondering what the term “black box” means. A “black box” system is non-transparent; its functions are hidden from the public. Elections, of course, should not be black box systems.
Here is a link to a free copy of the book, Black Box Voting HERE .
Author Bev Harris became known for groundbreaking work on electronic voting machines, which can remove transparency of the vote count.
With voting machines, all political power can be converted to the hands of a few anonymous subcontractors:

Source 
",0
5783,YouTube Livestream of Pregnant Giraffe Pulled Down After Flagged for ’Pornographic Content’ - Breitbart,"A livestream of a pregnant giraffe at Animal Adventure Park in Harpursville, NY, has been removed from YouTube after being flagged for “pornographic content. ”[April the giraffe is   old and is currently pregnant with a calf  —   park officials say that she could give birth at any time. In order to share this moment with the world, they set up a livestream on YouTube for people to watch.   million views were recorded in a little over 12 hours.  Unfortunately, the stream was pulled from the park’s YouTube channel for violating their “sexual content” guidelines. “For the millions of you that have been tuning in to take witness to this educational experience, a live giraffe birth, there are a handful of extremists and animal rights activists that may not agree with us, and that’s okay, but have unfortunately reported our YouTube cam as sexually explicit or nude content, which has made for its removal,” park officials claimed in a Facebook Live video. Confused viewers questioned the logic of taking the livestream down. YouTube’s guidelines state that “sexually explicit content like pornography is not allowed. Videos containing fetish content will be removed or   depending on the severity of the act in question. In most cases, violent, graphic, or humiliating fetishes are not allowed to be shown on YouTube. ” One viewer asked if this meant that “the animals in the zoo had to be wearing clothes. ” Jack Hadfield is a student at the University of Warwick and a regular contributor to Breitbart Tech. You can follow him on Twitter @ToryBastard_ or on Gab @JH.",0
5784,How White Helmets Videos Are Made,"November 21, 2016 How White Helmets Videos Are Made 
The video below was originally uploaded on November 18 in the channel of the RFSMediaOffice (Revolutionary Forces of Syria Media Office), a propaganda organization supporting various groups fighting the Syrian state. 
It depicts the ""Making of"" a scene where people in White Helmets outfit ""rescue"" a man. For some 20 seconds the two ""rescuers"" and the ""victim"" are motionless waiting for the command to start a hectic ""rescue operation"" and, when that starts, adds on the usual background sound of screaming people. 
The embed is a copy I made from the original and posted on my account to make sure that it is preserved. 
I do not know why the RFS Media Office would upload this. To show that the White Helmets and their videos are fake? Did they not pay their dues? Or was the channel hacked and the upload done by someone else? 
The original title ""Edge of death | #MannequinChallenge"" points to some social media nonsense which The Telegraph describes as: A viral video craze, it involves people imitating mannequins and freezing for the camera while music plays in the background. 
So is this a fake? Or a fake of the fakes the original White Helmets videos are ( this one for example)? 
Anyway - have fun with it while I keep nursing my not so fake influenza (no video).   21, 2016 at 01:40 PM | Permalink",0
5785,ISIS Bomb Aimed at Shiite Pilgrims in Iraq Kills at Least 80 - The New York Times,"ERBIL, Iraq  —   At least 80 people, many of them Shiite pilgrims on their way home to Iran, were killed on Thursday when an Islamic State suicide bomber detonated a truck filled with explosives at a roadside service station in southern Iraq, local officials said. The devastating attack came two days after Prime Minister Haider   applauded the security forces for protecting the millions of Shiites who have flowed through southern Iraq in recent days for what many consider the world’s largest religious pilgrimage, larger even than the hajj in Saudi Arabia. In years past, the annual rite known as Arbaeen, a commemoration of the martyrdom of Imam Hussein, a revered   Shiite figure, was a frequent target of Sunni extremist groups like the Islamic State and its predecessor, Al Qaeda in Iraq. Until the bombing on Thursday, for which the Islamic State claimed responsibility in a statement, the event had been carried out safely. That was seen as a success for Mr. Abadi and the military, and was hailed as a sign that the government could keep pushing a major offensive against the Islamic State in Mosul, while protecting pilgrims in the south. Thursday’s bombing, in Hilla, a city south of Baghdad, shattered that illusion. The Islamic State clearly remains a potent force, both on the battlefields of Mosul, where fighters are putting up a last stand against Iraq’s elite counterterrorism forces in eastern neighborhoods, and in its ability to carry out more traditional guerrilla attacks. For nearly six weeks, tens of thousands of Iraqi security force members have been fighting in northern Iraq to retake Mosul, the country’s   city and the last stronghold of the Islamic State in Iraq. Government forces have found themselves bogged down, fighting house to house in dense urban neighborhoods, and many civilians have been killed. A victory in Mosul could represent the end of the Islamic State’s control of territory in Iraq. But the bombing Thursday was a stark reminder that the group will most likely revert to its roots as a guerrilla insurgency and continue to carry out terrorist attacks across the country. The bombing was the deadliest in Iraq since an   truck blew up near a shopping mall in Baghdad in July, killing at least 300 people in the worst terrorist attack in the capital since the American invasion of Iraq in 2003. That attack alarmed American officials, who worry that efforts to help the Iraqis defeat the Islamic State in Mosul will be squandered if civilians around the country are terrorized by suicide bombings. In recent months, the United States has rushed intelligence advisers and new drones to Iraq to counter car bomb attacks in Baghdad and the south. Before Thursday’s bombing, there had been a noticeable decline in the numbers of attacks. Falah   the head of the provincial security committee in Babil Province, where the bombing occurred, said that at least 80 people had been killed and that dozens more had been wounded. Mr. Khafaji said early reports suggested that the bomber had followed a bus of Iranian pilgrims and then detonated his explosives in a crowded parking lot at a gas   complex, setting fire to a number of vehicles and fuel tanks. Another local official, Dr. Nowras Abdulrazak, the head of Babil’s health directorate, said on Thursday that his casualty toll was 75 people dead and 25 wounded. That number was likely to rise, he said. Most of the victims were Iranians, officials said, but it was unclear in the immediate aftermath of the attack exactly how many. Iranian state television, however, reported that a majority of the victims were Afghan citizens living in Iran. Iran is the region’s   Shiite power, and millions of its citizens annually flock to Iraq, which is also majority Shiite, to visit important religious sites in the cities of Karbala and Najaf. The Islamic State said in a statement released after the attack that one of its fighters, an Iraqi man, had carried out the suicide bombing. The group vowed to spread the “flames” of the battles underway in Mosul to the   south, according to a translation released by the SITE Intelligence Group, which tracks jihadist statements. The Islamic State considers Shiites apostates, and it has long carried out a campaign of sectarian killings in Iraq. In its statement, it called Shiites “miscreants” and said, “What awaits them in the immediate future, Allah permitting, is more sorrowful and bitter. ” One of the people hurt in the bombing, Toma Muhan, 31, said on Thursday that just before the explosion, he parked his car at the service station. He was walking away when he was knocked to the ground. “I felt a strong blast at my back and then severe pain in my leg,” he said from a hospital bed, where he was being treated for shrapnel wounds and burns to his neck and legs. “I remember hearing loud screaming, and then I passed out and woke up later at the hospital. ” A local police officer, Col. Thamir Jhazala, said that the restaurant and gas station had opened recently, and that security was not good. He cited what he said was a lack of surveillance cameras. Numan   who works at the station, said that Thursday was a day off for him, but that he had been nearby when the explosion occurred and rushed to the scene. “I heard the sound of a big explosion and saw the blaze rising up to the sky, followed by smoke,” he said. When he got to the scene, Mr. Jibouri said, he saw charred and unrecognizable victims, but he did recognize one: a man who works with him named Mohammed, who was severely burned. He rushed his colleague to the hospital, where he was being treated.",0
5786,Herbalife Settlement With F.T.C. Ends Billionaires’ Battle - The New York Times,"In the Wall Street dogfight between two billionaire investors, William A. Ackman won a moral victory but Carl C. Icahn won the war over the future of Herbalife, the nutritional supplements company. On Friday, federal regulators imposed stiff sanctions on Herbalife for deceiving buyers and sellers of its products but stopped short of shutting down the company. Mr. Ackman had wagered big on Herbalife’s demise, while Mr. Icahn had been betting on its ultimate survival. In a settlement with the Federal Trade Commission, Herbalife will pay $200 million in consumer relief, hire an outside monitor and make substantial changes to its business practices in the United States that could affect its bottom line, but the company will continue to operate. For nearly four years, Mr. Ackman argued loudly and often that Herbalife was a pyramid scheme that took advantage of customers  —   at one point staking $1 billion on a decline in Herbalife’s shares in a characteristically brash move to prove his point. He gave numerous public presentations using hundreds of slides and videos to make his case that Herbalife was predatory. He even invoked members of Congress to pressure regulators to take action against the company. In response, Mr. Icahn invested in Herbalife, placing an even bigger bet that it would weather the regulatory scrutiny. Other big Wall Street investors including Daniel S. Loeb and George Soros also piled on against Mr. Ackman. But Mr. Icahn seemed to particularly relish going    with Mr. Ackman, famously calling the hedge fund manager a “crybaby in the schoolyard” when the two men squared off with each other during a live CNBC broadcast in January 2013. To win his bet, Mr. Ackman needed regulators at the F. T. C. to either shut down Herbalife or take some action that would cause shares of Herbalife to crash. Mr. Ackman, founder of the $12 billion Pershing Square Capital Management hedge fund, had said on a number of occasions he expected shares of Herbalife to go to zero. He even appeared in a documentary earlier this year about the tussle, called “Betting on Zero. ” Instead, shares of Herbalife shot up more than 10 percent on Friday on the news of the settlement and most recently were trading at $65 a share. “This settlement will require Herbalife to fundamentally restructure its business so that participants are rewarded for what they sell, not how many people they recruit,” Edith Ramirez, the F. T. C. chairwoman, said in a news release announcing the settlement and the filing of a complaint in federal court seeking a permanent injunction and other relief against the company. In a conference call with reporters, Ms. Ramirez said Herbalife had been “deceiving hundreds of thousands of hopeful people” with the belief they could get rich. But she would not say whether or not the company was a pyramid scheme as Mr. Ackman has claimed. The commission’s “focus wasn’t on a particular label,” Ms. Ramirez added. The complaint filed on Friday by the F. T. C. against Herbalife in federal court in Los Angeles does call into question some of the company’s longstanding distribution practices and ways it generates revenue by relying on customers to sell products to friends and relatives. The complaint says, “the overwhelming majority of Herbalife distributors who pursue the business opportunity make little or no money and a substantial percentage lose money. ” The agreement with the F. T. C. will require Herbalife to overhaul its system for compensating its customers and recording sales of its supplement drinks and other food products. Over time, the structural changes mandated by the F. T. C. in the settlement and civil complaint could have a   impact on Herbalife’s profitability. The settlement with the F. T. C. “does not change our   business model and will set new standards for the industry,” a spokesman for Herbalife said in a statement. “We agreed to the terms and to pay $200 million because we simply wanted to move forward with our mission. ” The company also took a swipe at Mr. Ackman in its statement, saying it had been “under attack by an intransigent   hellbent on a misinformation campaign designed to destroy our company. ” Mr. Ackman was noticeably   after the announcement of the settlement. His firm released a statement in which it insisted that Herbalife’s business model would fail once the company instituted the structural changes required by the settlement. “We expect that once Herbalife’s business restructuring is fully implemented, these fundamental structural changes will cause the pyramid to collapse,” the statement said. Mr. Ackman’s contention that Herbalife is an unlawful pyramid scheme has focused on the company’s sales practices. Herbalife relies on independent resellers who are rewarded for recruiting new members, and Mr. Ackman argued that these recruitment efforts were more lucrative than the sale of its products. In the near term, the settlement will be bad news for investors in Mr. Ackman’s hedge fund who have lost money investing in his fund over the last year and a half. While Mr. Ackman has restructured the bet against Herbalife  —   known as a short  —   reducing it by more than 60 percent, he still has exposure. And he has spent more than $50 million on research and legal fees for his campaign against the company So far this year, Mr. Ackman’s Herbalife bet has lost him 11 percent, according to his most recent investor update. His Pershing Square Holdings fund is down 19. 1 percent. In a separate note to investors on Friday, Pershing Square said Herbalife was trying “to spin the settlement remarkably as somehow an endorsement of their business model” and that over the long haul the outcome would be “materially positive for our short position. ” Herbalife said on Friday that it would let Mr. Icahn increase his ownership stake to as much as 35 percent from the 18 percent of the company’s outstanding shares he currently holds. The move could set the stage for Mr. Icahn and others to take Herbalife private, an action that would make it difficult to determine the economic impact of the changes in business practices on Herbalife’s bottom line. In a statement, Mr. Icahn said he would ”consider a range of strategic opportunities, including potential   involving competitors, as well as other strategic transactions. ” Mr. Icahn also wasted no time in gloating over his victory. “Unlike many of those that ‘shorted’ Herbalife, we did not rely on one or two research papers prepared by nonexperts,” he said in his statement Friday morning. “While Bill Ackman and I are on friendly terms, we have agreed to disagree (vehemently) on this subject,” Mr. Icahn said, adding that the F. T. C. ’s settlement “vindicates our research and conviction. ” It was almost two years ago to the day that Mr. Icahn and Mr. Ackman hugged and made up publicly on stage at an investor conference in Manhattan. “It’s not about winning,” Mr. Ackman said at that conference on July 16, 2014. But, he added, “I would love to get Carl out of this stock. ” After Friday’s settlement that possibility looks less likely than ever.",0
5787,Лучшие друзья Дональда Трампа,"Политика 
Ни у кого не обнаруживается столько друзей, сколько у свежеиспечённого президента после оглашения результатов выборов – разве что у бедняка после выигрыша в лотерею нескольких миллионов долларов. Внезапно оказалось, что практически все российские звезды – добрые знакомые Дональда Трампа. А чтобы никому не пришло в голову усомниться, многие поспешили предъявить, так сказать, вещественные доказательства: совместные фотографии с 45-м президентом США, правда, сделанные ещё тогда, когда он о президентстве и не задумывался. 
Фото с Трампом уже продемонстрировали Филипп Киркоров, Ани Лорак, Кэти Топурия, Игорь Николаев, Оксана Фёдорова, Эмин, а Владимир Винокур разместил в Инстаграме снимки и с Трампом, и с Путиным, да ещё подписал их “Мы победили!”, заставляя задуматься: а всё ли мы знаем о большой политике и роли в ней Винокура? 
Некоторые представительницы российского шоу-бизнеса отметились в жанре короткого рассказа на тему: “Дональд Трамп в моей жизни”. Тина Канделаки поведала миру, что её дочь получила не самое распространённое в России имя Мелания в честь супруги Трампа, которую она лично не знала, но зато видела по телевизору в качестве ведущей конкурса красоты. Не упустила шанс напомнить о своих достижениях и Елена Кулецкая, больше всего известная как бывшая невеста Димы Билана. Оказывается, она брала у Трампа интервью и довела миллиардера до такой степени откровенности, что он заговорил о той части своего тела, которую люди его уровня редко показывают публично – о ногах. 
Даже те персонажи, которые Трампа в глаза не видели, сумели вписаться в актуальный, так сказать, тренд. Таисия Повалий разместила своё фото в казино, да не в каком-нибудь, а в принадлежащем Трампу: остальное предлагается дофантазировать читателям. Но всех переплюнул стриптизёр и муж Наташи Королевой Сергей Глушко, более известный как Тарзан: он поместил в “Инстаграм” своё фото в белом махровом халате, украшенном логотипом одного из отелей свежеизбранного президента США. Дескать, лично не знаком – но хоть так причастен. 
При виде этого парада тщеславия невольно вспоминается персонаж, который после рукопожатия знаменитости неделю не моет руку. Вот только в роли такого восторженного простака выступили сами звезды. Поскольку наивные люди в шоу-бизнесе не выживают, то, похоже, демонстрация дружеских чувств призвана подкрепить радужные планы: авось победитель на праздничный концерт пригласит или новое интервью даст. Если вспомнит, конечно. А не вспомнит – так лишний пиар ещё никому не повредил.",0
5788,"Look At The Stunning Levels Of Extreme Action In Gold, Silver, U.S. Dollar And The Stock Market","22 Views November 21, 2016 GOLD , KWN King World News 
Look at the stunning levels of extreme action in gold, silver, U.S. dollar and the stock market post-election. 
Below you can see the commercial short interest in the gold market. The commercials have been decreasing their short position as the price of gold has declined. 
Below you can see the sentiment in the gold market, which has reached levels showing extreme pessimism. IMPORTANT: To find out which company Doug Casey, Rick Rule and Sprott Asset Management are pounding the table on that already has a staggering 18.1 million ounces of gold that just added another massive deposit and is quickly being recognized as one of the greatest gold opportunities in the world – CLICK HERE OR BELOW: Sponsored 
The chart below shows extreme pessimism in the silver market as well. 
You can also see that large amounts of money have been flowing out SLV, the silver ETF. 
You can also see that the U.S. dollar has now reached levels showing extreme optimism (see chart below). 
Public Becoming More Bullish On Stocks For those who are interested in the stock market, check out the bullish sentiment chart below that shows the public becoming more bullish on stocks as markets hit new highs. 
The bottom line is that post-election market moves have been extreme and may be getting close to a reversal in stocks, the dollar as well as gold and silver. It would also appear that the endless talk about the commercial short positions in both metals coupled with the bullish advance coming on the heels of a brutal 5-year cyclical bear market is keeping a healthy level of “fear” in the early stages of the newest leg of the bullish advance. So it will be very interesting to see how gold and silver trade from current levels in the days and weeks ahead. 
T o listen to the extraordinarily powerful audio interview where Dr. Leeb urged investors to stay strong ahead of what he predicted “is going to be the greatest bull market of anybody’s lifetime that’s alive today ” CLICK HERE OR ON THE IMAGE BELOW. 
***ALSO JUST RELEASED: This Is The Real Reason Why The Public Is Broke And The Middle Class Is Being Destroyed CLCK HERE. 
© 2015 by King World News®. All Rights Reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed. However, linking directly to the articles is permitted and encouraged. About author",0
5789,Four Afghans Found Guilty of Raping Lost 16-Year-Old Girl Above Takeaway,"A jury at Canterbury Crown Court has delivered guilty verdicts for all four   men on trial for   a lost    girl who had gone into a takeaway in Ramsgate to ask for help. [Tamin Rahmani, 37, of Ramsgate (above right) Shershah Muslimyar, 20, of Canterbury, Rafiullah Hamidy, 24, of no fixed abode (above left) and Hamid Mohamadi, 18, from Wye were found guilty of three counts of rape, reports KentLive.  The jury returned their verdicts on Friday the 26th of May on all three charges against all four men. Verdicts were unanimous on all charges apart from two against the owner of the 555 Pizza takeaway, Rahmani, who received a guilty verdict on the two charges with a majority of 11:1. The court had heard that in the early hours of Sunday the 18th of September 2016, the girl, who had just turned 16, went into the takeaway to ask for help.  Owner Rahmani, and the other rapists who worked at 555 Pizza, instead led her to Hamidy’s “filthy” room above where she was pushed onto a “grubby mattress” whilst the men physically restrained her and stood by the door “so she knew there was no escape”. The teen was then “passed around like an entertainment device” by the “laughing” men.  “Every single orifice had been penetrated by the group of men, while others watched, laughed and joined in themselves,” prosecutor Simon Taylor told the court.  Mr. Taylor told the court the four men tried to plot and lie their way out of the evidence held against them.  All the four of the Afghans‘ DNA was found at the scene of the rape in Hamidy’s room. Hamidy, an Afghan asylum seeker, claimed the sex with the girl was consensual before he fled to France and Italy after his immigration hearing was cancelled. He was later extradited to the UK.  The youngest rapist, Mohamadi, could be named by the media as it was found he was not 16, as he had claimed, but is believed to be 18.  Senior investigating officer Detective Inspector Richard Vickery said: “The victim in this case was a vulnerable teenage girl who was taken advantage of and subjected to some of the most horrendous crimes imaginable. “It was late at night, she was lost and she asked a group of men for directions. Instead they saw an opportunity to fulfil their depraved sexual desires and betrayed the trust she placed in them in the worst possible way. “Rape is an abhorrent crime and the victim has suffered a great deal of emotional harm from the ordeal she was forced to endure. She has displayed tremendous courage in reliving what happened to her, and I would like to personally thank her for having the strength to help bring her offenders to justice. “They clearly pose a significant danger to women and children and are fully deserving of the lengthy prison sentences they will surely now serve. ” A date for sentencing has not yet been confirmed but is not expected to be before July 17.",0
5790,"Trump Talk Rattles Aerospace Industry, Up and Down Supply Chain - The New York Times","CHEHALIS, Wash.  —   At this small factory south of Seattle, employees make one of the most specialized products in the aerospace industry: the rubber mats that Boeing workers stand on while assembling jets. As long as there are jets and Boeing, business would seem to be steady. But even here workers are bracing for bumps and economic uncertainty over the gritty details of where aviation parts get made and who makes them. President Trump has talked about border tariffs and new trade deals that many people in aerospace fear could raise the cost of American airplanes bought by foreign airlines or governments. And if Boeing’s sales or profits suffer, its   supply chain  —   more than 13, 000 companies across the United States, and more than 1. 5 million jobs  —   would most likely feel the pain, too. At SmartCells, 50   employees and a few dozen temporary workers stamp out cushion pads on heavy machines. Executives work in a red building everyone calls the barn, and first names are the rule. Washington feels far away, but it is on just about everybody’s radar. “Let’s hit it with a    and see how it reacts, then get a plan,” said Bob Bishop, the chief operations officer at SmartCells, describing Mr. Trump’s   style. “That doesn’t always work. ” The anxiety, said Mr. Bishop, 46, a former deputy county sheriff who voted for Mr. Trump, centers not so much on politics as economics, specifically the intense competition with the French airplane maker Airbus, which competes toe to toe with Boeing for jet orders in countries around the world in a delicate game of narrow cost differences and giant contracts. Mr. Trump has said he would seek a 45 percent tariff on imports from China, for example, to protect American jobs, and a 20 percent tariff on goods from Mexico. If business costs for Boeing go up as a result, the company  —   the nation’s single largest exporter by dollar volume  —   probably would not be able to raise prices on its airplanes to make up the difference, because then it would lose customers to Airbus. For workers and suppliers, the fallout could be brutal. “So what does it mean? It means they may cut jobs,” said Kevin Michaels, the managing director at AeroDynamic Advisory, a specialized market analysis company in Ann Arbor, Mich. “It’s a very complex field. ” And one that is already changing. Boeing’s commercial airplane division cut 8 percent of its work force, or over 6, 000 jobs, in the United States last year. Some companies in the supply chain, partly because of   pressure by Boeing, have shrunk or merged. Since his election, Mr. Trump has tried to pit American aviation companies against one another over the costs of new fighter jets, and has harshly criticized Boeing’s high price tag for a new Air Force One presidential plane. Boeing, founded in Seattle in 1916, employs about 140, 000 people in the United States, about half of them in Washington State. “We’ve got such a huge network here  —   anything that curtails exports hurts the entire supply chain,” said John Thornquist, the director of the aerospace office at the Washington State Department of Commerce. “We’re very vulnerable. ” Companies that sell to Boeing, or sell to other companies that build Boeing components, said that even predicting a trade war was risky, with so many variables  —   politics, economics, multiple countries  —   all in play. A modern commercial jetliner can have up to six million components that must be engineered and tested to safety standards, even before assembly starts. “We’re trying to do our best due diligence to put together an assessment, but at this time, the best we can do is just monitor day by day,” said Maurizio Miozza, the vice president for development and strategic planning at Umbra Cuscinetti, an Italian company that makes precision parts for Boeing and that has about 100 employees north of Seattle. But, he added, “the picture is not rosy. ” “You prepare yourself for the worst and hope for the best,” he said. Other aerospace companies were hesitant to discuss their worries because it might draw unwanted attention  —   from competitors, the White House or foreign governments. It is not a good time, several said, to take chances. Boeing declined an interview request for this article, but said in an email statement that talks with the Trump administration were continuing. “The administration has made it clear that they are   growth, including in exports and manufacturing jobs,” the company said. “We are engaged with the administration in direct and productive discussion. ” In any small business, optimism and practicality are lifeblood forces, and SmartCells’ president, Bryce L. Betteridge, a chemical engineer, says he believes the company’s future is bright. A   mix of polymers and wafflelike molds creates the upward bounce of a SmartCells mat, which reduces fatigue for a standing person and can also prevent injuries in falls, he said. The company has already diversified. Amazon warehouse workers and Costco checkout clerks  —   both employed by companies that started out in the Seattle area  —   stand on SmartCells mats. And Mr. Betteridge mentioned other new markets and ideas with enthusiasm: rifle stocks, nursing home floors, playgrounds. No idea for a better cushion seems beyond reach. But he said the company’s strategy for the future was shifting on the assumption that international trade under Mr. Trump would become more difficult. For one thing, he said, he has now discarded any thought of expanding the company into China, Mexico or anywhere else where SmartCells’ products could be made and brought into the United States for sale. “That benefit is going to go away, I anticipate,” Mr. Betteridge said. And it is simply too expensive to export heavy, relatively   products like cushion mats to other countries from Washington, he said. That means the company’s growth in foreign markets, when or if it happens, will probably come through licensing the technology to manufacturers abroad, which will then hire local workers. Sales and marketing positions might be added here in Chehalis, Mr. Betteridge said, but no added manufacturing jobs would be needed. But a pressure to “buy American” coming from the White House could also be a powerful force, he and other industry leaders said, if companies like Boeing ultimately shift a greater proportion of their airplane component purchases to suppliers in the United States. Currently, Boeing spends about 80 percent of its $40 billion annual   budget in the United States, and exports about 75 percent of its products. “Some of the suppliers in Puget Sound might actually be rooting for this, because in the long run it could benefit them,” Mr. Michaels, the industry analyst, said. Kurt Mullins, 56, a former lumber millworker who has been at SmartCells for about a year and a half, often installs floor cushioning systems at Boeing, where he hears the worries of workers there, too. “I think it’s going to get worse before it gets better,” Mr. Mullins said.",0
5791,Beginning ‘Brexit’ and Bracing for Impact - The New York Times,"LONDON  —   The world did not end. No recession unfolded. Nine months after Britain voted to leave the European Union, disregarding warnings of grim economic consequences, a nation famous for calmly carrying on has seemingly gone about its business. As Prime Minister Theresa May on Wednesday officially initiated Britain’s exit from Europe  —   Brexit, in everyday talk  —   the lack of disaster was touted by those steering the departure as a sign of little trouble ahead. “There were predictions about what would happen to the economy if the United Kingdom voted to leave,” Ms. May told Parliament on Wednesday. “Those predictions have not proved to be correct. We see a strong economy. ” But the reassuring talk did not reckon with one significant detail: Nothing has actually happened yet. Mrs. May has only set in motion the complex, politically fraught divorce proceedings through which Britain must settle its affairs with the 27 jilted members of the European Union. The outcome will almost certainly be costly: Britain has placed in jeopardy its trading relationship with Europe, its largest customer for exports, while imperiling London’s status as banker to the planet. The markets essentially shrugged. The move was as expected as the next Super Bowl. The pound dipped a tad. So did shares on London’s stock market. The immediate impact of Mrs. May’s action was to start negotiations on future dealings across the English Channel. Those talks have a   deadline. If no deal is struck before then, Britain and Europe would plunge into a state of chaotic uncertainty. Trade would revert to the rules of the World Trade Organization, making Britain’s exports to Europe vulnerable to tariffs and other barriers to commerce, including health and safety rules. London’s bankers would be effectively severed from Europe, with many transactions for clients based on the Continent rendered illegal. Until now, such issues were wrapped in layers of hypotheticals, with the details left for some indeterminate day when Britain’s government would make it real. That day has come. Though the financial industry has been preparing to move jobs to other financial capitals in anticipation of a messy Brexit, other industries have waited for clarity. Now, they will feel pressure to act  —   shifting some lines of business to European capitals, perhaps shelving British expansions. Global banking giants like Citigroup, HSBC and JPMorgan Chase may soon carry out plans to shift thousands of jobs to financial centers in the European Union. Goldman Sachs recently confirmed that it is moving hundreds of jobs out of London while expanding offices in Frankfurt and Paris. Vodafone, the telecommunications giant, said after the referendum that it might shift its headquarters from London. “The fact of setting this clock ticking is significant, because two years for many businesses is enough time for them to adapt, but short enough that they have to start making decisions really quickly,” said Nicolas Véron, an economist and senior fellow at Bruegel, a research institution in Brussels. “You will start to see very observable, concrete consequences of Brexit very soon. ” Britain has exploited its inclusion in Europe’s vast single market to make itself a dominant hub for multinational companies as various as aviation, pharmaceuticals and finance. They have set up factories, marketing teams and trading floors in Britain while selling to clients from Ireland to Greece, as if this swath of geography  —   home to some 500 million people  —   were one country. So much for all that. European leaders have consistently reaffirmed that remaining in the single market requires that Britain accept the free movement of people. That collides with a primary aim of many Brexit supporters  —   restricting immigration. After months of pretending that a finesse could be found, Mrs. May in January declared her government’s choice: enter immigration limits, goodbye single market. Long before this political reckoning with reality, executives at global banks were already mulling which jobs to move from London to other cities in the European Union  —   Dublin, Frankfurt, Paris, Amsterdam, Luxembourg. “People will have to move,” said William Wright, founder and managing director of New Financial, a research institution in London. “There’s no other option. ” Predicting how many jobs will move has become a thriving cottage industry. Oliver Wyman, the global consultancy, concluded that if, as now seems likely, transactions in London for European clients are sharply curtailed, as many as 35, 000 British jobs could disappear with as much as 20 billion pounds ($24. 8 billion) in revenue. After the Brexit vote, Mrs. May met with Nissan’s chief executive to offer  assurances that her government would do what was necessary to keep auto manufacturing competitive. Nissan said it would continue to make sport utility vehicles in Sunderland, a city in northern England. Brexit supporters called the outcome a template for how a pragmatic British government would prevent businesses from abandoning its shores  —   with tax cuts, friendly regulation and deal making. But if Britain promised anything meaningful to Nissan, it probably violated World Trade Organization rules. Nissan has since said it continues to assess the uncertain economics of Britain. Ford and BMW are reassessing their British factories, too. For now, Britain has managed to avoid the most frightening economic forecasts. Before the referendum last June, the British Treasury predicted that a vote to exit could shrink the economy by as much 6 percent annually for the first two years. The economy expanded by 1. 8 percent last year. British consumers continued to spend. British factories continued to churn out cars, medical devices and aircraft parts, many of them destined for Europe. This month, Toyota announced plans to sink an additional £240 million (about $297 million) into a factory in Derbyshire, though it qualified that it required reliable access to Europe. Snap, the parent company of social media darling Snapchat that raised $3. 4 billion in an initial public offering, recently picked London as its international headquarters. But consumer spending has been increasingly paid for by debt. The British pound has surrendered 17 percent of its value against the dollar since the referendum, raising the cost of imported goods. Investment is flagging. A weaker pound helps exports, making British goods cheaper on world markets. But exports have also been aided by the very thing Britain is trying to ditch  —   inclusion in Europe. Proponents of Brexit tend to dismiss Europe as a land leading only in the numbers of unemployed men who are moving in with their parents. Britain’s next era is supposed to be centered on trade with faster growing, innovative nations like the United States. Britain and Europe must negotiate a trade deal that will prevent a rupture to commerce. During the campaign, Brexit supporters argued that Europe would ultimately make it happen because its most powerful member, Germany, now sends a parade of BMWs, Audis and Volkswagens to Britain. But trade negotiations are vulnerable to the manipulations of politically protected industries. This one seems particularly prone to acrimony. European leaders confront existential threats to their union, with political parties across the Continent hostile to its powers. Many are intent on using Britain to illustrate what they contend happens when a member leaves  —   nothing good. “It’s common sense,” said Mr. Véron, an economist. “You don’t allow someone who leaves the club to have better terms than someone who’s in the club, or otherwise the club doesn’t mean anything. ” Even if European leaders seek middle ground, any one of the member nations could hijack the proceedings with their demands while the clock ticks away. Last year, a single province of Belgium nearly scuppered a trade deal negotiated between all of Europe and Canada in seeking favor for its dairy farmers. In a bid to stake out a stronger negotiating position, Mrs. May has threatened to walk away if Europe does not extend good terms. “No deal for Britain is better than a bad deal,” she said in January. Whatever the comparative rankings of unfortunate events, Britain’s leaving Europe sans deal would be bad, as economists and people running businesses have said. It is often said that businesses fear uncertainty more than anything. Mrs. May just eliminated some of that. But she replaced it with an apparent certainty that presents its own troubles: Britain really is departing the largest consumer market on earth.",0
5792,Nuclear Weapons – The Time for Abolition is Now,"Share This 
Nuclear weapons present the greatest public health and existential threat to our survival every moment of every day. Yet the United States and world nuclear nations stand in breach of the 1968 Nuclear Non-proliferation Treaty which commits these nations to work in good faith to end the arms race and to achieve nuclear disarmament. Forty eight years later the efforts of the nuclear nations toward this goal is not evident and the state of the world is equally as dangerous as it was during the height of the Cold War and arguably more dangerous with current scientific evidence on the catastrophic effects of even limited regional nuclear war. 
This year’s presidential campaign has once again done little to focus on the dangers of nuclear weapons focusing more on who has the temperament to have their finger on the button with absolutely no indication of any understanding of the consequences to all of humanity by the use of these weapons even on a very small scale. In addition to tensions between Russia and the U.S. in Ukraine and Syria, there is a real danger of nuclear war in South Asia which could kill more than 2 billion people from the use of just 100 Hiroshima size weapons. 
The rest of the world is finally standing up to this threat to their survival and that of the planet. They are taking matters into their own hands and refusing to be held hostage by the nuclear nations. They will no longer be bullied into sitting back and waiting for the nuclear states to make good on empty promises. 
At the United Nations this past week, 123 nations voted to commence negotiations next year on a new treaty to prohibit the possession of nuclear weapons. Despite President Obama’s own words in his 2009 pledge to seek the security of a world free of nuclear weapons, the US voted “no” and led the opposition to this treaty. 
Rather than meet our obligations under international law, the US has proposed by stark contrast to begin a new nuclear arms race spending $1 trillion dollars over the next 30 years to modernize and rebuild every aspect our nuclear weapons programs. A ‘jobs’ program to end humanity. Each of the nuclear nations is expected to do the same in rebuilding their weapons programs continuing the arms race for generations to come. 
The myth of deterrence is the guise for this effort when in fact deterrence is the principle driver of the arms race. For every additional weapon my adversary has, I need two and so on and so on to our global arsenals of 15,500 weapons. 
Fed up with this inaction and doublespeak, the non-nuclear nations of the world have joined the ongoing efforts of the world’s NGO, health and religious communities in demanding an end to the madness. Led by the International Campaign to Abolish Nuclear Weapons (ICAN), a global partnership of 440 partners in 98 countries, the International Red Cross, the world’s health associations representing more than 17 million health professionals worldwide along with religious communities including the Catholic Church and World Council of Churches they are calling for a treaty to ban and eliminate nuclear weapons. 
The effort to ban nuclear weapons has several parallels to the International Campaign to Ban Landmines led by Jody Williams, recipient of the 1997 Nobel Peace Prize. This effort was dismissed and called utopian by most governments and militaries of the world when it was launched by nongovernmental organizations (NGOs) in 1992 only to succeed in 1997 through partnerships, public imagination and political pressure resulting in the ultimate political will. The nuclear ban movement has been vigorously fought by the nuclear nations trying desperately to hold onto their weapons and pressuring members of their alliances to hold the line. 
Unfortunately these weapons and control systems are imperfect. During the Cold War there were many instances where the world came perilously close to nuclear war . It is a matter of sheer luck that this scenario did not come to pass by design or accident. Our luck will not hold out forever. Luck is not a security policy. From a medical and public health stance based on our current evidence-based understanding of what nuclear weapons can actually do, any argument for continued possession of these weapons by anyone in untenable and defies logic. There is absolutely no reasonable or adequate medical response to nuclear war. 
As with any public health threat from Zika, to Ebola, Polio, HIV, prevention is the goal. The global threat from nuclear weapons is no different. The only way to prevent the use of nuclear weapons is to ban and eliminate them. Our future depends upon this. 
President Kennedy speaking on nuclear weapons before the U.N. Security Council in September 1961 said, “The weapons of war must be abolished before they abolish us”. Our children’s children will look back and rightly ask why we the only nation to ever use nuclear weapons remained on the wrong side of history when it came to abolishing nuclear weapons. 
Robert Dodge is a family physician practicing full time in Ventura, California. He serves on the board of Physicians for Social Responsibility Los Angeles serving as a Peace and Security Ambassador and at the national level where he sits on the security committee. He also serves on the board of the Nuclear Age Peace Foundation and Citizens for Peaceful Resolutions . He writes for PeaceVoice .",0
5793,Harvard Officials Accused of Stealing $100K of Funds for the Disabled,"Two administrators at Harvard University have been accused of embezzling $110, 000 of funding earmarked for disabled students, allegedly spending the money on cell phones, computers, and even sex toys. [School administrators Meg DeMarco and Darris Saylors both quit their jobs after being confronted by police over the missing funds, The Daily Mail reported.  Saylors, who worked in the Dean of Students’ office, allegedly bought tablets,   computers, phones, and electronic sex toys, reports say. For her part, DeMarco, who was the Harvard Law School’s Director of Student Affairs until 2013, was confronted about the theft at her new job at Babson College. DeMarco, 33, admitted to “making mistakes” in the job. “I never intended to harm the university. I’m very sorry and will do everything in my power to rectify the situation,” she told CBS affiliate WBZ TV. Officials accuse DeMarco of using a school mobile card reader to transfer money into her personal account and then altering records to cover her tracks. She also bought a large amount of electronic items, investigators said. Police subpoenaed Apple Corp. and discovered items had been shipped to DeMarco’s home. Harvard announced a change in procedure after the reports. “As a result of this matter, the Law School implemented additional layers of controls governing the use of its credit accounts and purchasing protocols,” the school said in a statement. Follow Warner Todd Huston on Twitter @warnerthuston or email the author at igcolonel@hotmail. com.",0
5794,Dennis Kucinich’s Extraordinary Warning on D.C.’s Think Tank Warmongers,"Submitted by Mike Krieger via Liberty Blitzkrieg blog, 
WAR is a racket. It always has been. 
It is possibly the oldest, easily the most profitable, surely the most vicious. It is the only one international in scope. It is the only one in which the profits are reckoned in dollars and the losses in lives. 
A racket is best described, I believe, as something that is not what it seems to the majority of the people. Only a small “inside” group knows what it is about. It is conducted for the benefit of the very few, at the expense of the very many. Out of war a few people make huge fortunes. 
– From Major General Smedley Butler’s War is a Rackett 
Former Congressman Dennis Kucinich has just penned an extremely powerful warning about the warmongers in Washington D.C. Who funds them, what their motives are, and why it is imperative for the American people to stop them. 
The piece was published at The Nation and is titled: Why Is the Foreign Policy Establishment Spoiling for More War? Look at Their Donors . 
Read it and share it with everyone you know. 
W ashington, DC, may be the only place in the world where people openly flaunt their pseudo-intellectuality by banding together, declaring themselves “think tanks,” and raising money from external interests, including foreign governments, to compile reports that advance policies inimical to the real-life concerns of the American people. 
As a former member of the House of Representatives, I remember 16 years of congressional hearings where pedigreed experts came to advocate wars in testimony based on circular, rococo thinking devoid of depth, reality, and truth. I remember other hearings where the Pentagon was unable to reconcile over $1 trillion in accounts, lost track of $12 billion in cash sent to Iraq, and rigged a missile-defense test so that an interceptor could easily home in on a target. War is first and foremost a profitable racket. 
How else to explain that in the past 15 years this city’s so called bipartisan foreign policy elite has promoted wars in Iraq and Libya, and interventions in Syria and Yemen, which have opened Pandora’s box to a trusting world, to the tune of trillions of dollars, a windfall for military contractors. DC’s think “tanks” should rightly be included in the taxonomy of armored war vehicles and not as gathering places for refugees from academia. 
According to the front page of this past Friday’s Washington Post, the bipartisan foreign-policy elite recommends the next president show less restraint than President Obama. Acting at the urging of “liberal” hawks brandishing humanitarian intervention, read war, the Obama administration attacked Libya along with allied powers working through NATO. 
Indeed, I warned about this in last week’s piece: U.S. Foreign Policy ‘Elite’ Eagerly Await an Expansion of Overseas Wars Under Hillary Clinton . 
The think tankers fell in line with the Iraq invasion. Not being in the tank, I did my own analysis of the call for war in October of 2002, based on readily accessible information, and easily concluded that there was no justification for war. I distributed it widely in Congress and led 125 Democrats in voting against the Iraq war resolution. There was no money to be made from a conclusion that war was uncalled for, so, against millions protesting in the United States and worldwide, our government launched into an abyss, with a lot of armchair generals waving combat pennants. The marching band and chowder society of DC think tanks learned nothing from the Iraq and Libya experience. 
The only winners were arms dealers, oil companies, and jihadists. Immediately after the fall of Libya, the black flag of Al Qaeda was raised over a municipal building in Benghazi, Gadhafi’s murder was soon to follow, with Secretary Clinton quipping with a laugh, “We came, we saw, he died.” President Obama apparently learned from this misadventure, but not the Washington policy establishment, which is spoiling for more war. 
The self-identified liberal Center for American Progress (CAP) is now calling for Syria to be bombed, and estimates America’s current military adventures will be tidied up by 2025, a tardy twist on “mission accomplished.” CAP, according to a report in The Nation, has received funding from war contractors Lockheed Martin and Boeing, who make the bombers that CAP wants to rain hellfire on Syria. 
The Brookings Institute has taken tens of millions from foreign governments , notably Qatar, a key player in the military campaign to oust Assad. Retired four-star Marine general John Allen is now a Brookings senior fellow . Charles Lister is a senior fellow at the Middle East Institute , which has received funding from Saudi Arabia , the major financial force providing billions in arms to upend Assad and install a Sunni caliphate stretching across Iraq and Syria. Foreign-government money is driving our foreign policy. 
As the drumbeat for an expanded war gets louder, Allen and Lister jointly signed an op-ed in the Sunday Washington Post, calling for an attack on Syria. The Brookings Institute, in a report to Congress , admitted it received $250,000 from the US Central Command, Centcom, where General Allen shared leadership duties with General David Petraeus. Pentagon money to think tanks that endorse war? This is academic integrity, DC-style. 
And why is Central Command, as well as the Food and Drug Administration, the US Department of transportation, and the US Department of Health and Human Services giving money to Brookings? 
Former secretary of state Madeleine Albright, who famously told Colin Powell , “What’s the point of having this superb military you’re always talking about if we can’t use it,” predictably says of this current moment , “We do think there needs to be more American action.” A former Bush administration top adviser is also calling for the United States to launch a cruise missile attack on Syria. 
The American people are fed up with war, but a concerted effort is being made through fearmongering, propaganda, and lies to prepare our country for a dangerous confrontation, with Russia in Syria. 
The demonization of Russia is a calculated plan to resurrect a raison d’être for stone-cold warriors trying to escape from the dustbin of history by evoking the specter of Russian world domination. 
It’s infectious. Earlier this year the BBC broadcast a fictional show that contemplated WWIII, beginning with a Russian invasion of Latvia (where 26 percent of the population is ethnic Russian and 34 percent of Latvians speak Russian at home). 
The imaginary WWIII scenario conjures Russia’s targeting London for a nuclear strike. No wonder that by the summer of 2016 a poll showed two-thirds of UK citizens approved the new British PM’s launching a nuclear strike in retaliation. So much for learning the lessons detailed in the Chilcot report. 
As this year’s presidential election comes to a conclusion, the Washington ideologues are regurgitating the same bipartisan consensus that has kept America at war since 9/11 and made the world a decidedly more dangerous place. 
The DC think tanks provide cover for the political establishment, a political safety net, with a fictive analytical framework providing a moral rationale for intervention, capitol casuistry. I’m fed up with the DC policy elite who cash in on war while presenting themselves as experts, at the cost of other people’s lives, our national fortune, and the sacred honor of our country. 
Any report advocating war that comes from any alleged think tank ought to be accompanied by a list of the think tank’s sponsors and donors and a statement of the lobbying connections of the report’s authors. 
It is our patriotic duty to expose why the DC foreign-policy establishment and its sponsors have not learned from their failures and instead are repeating them, with the acquiescence of the political class and sleepwalkers with press passes. 
It is also time for a new peace movement in America, one that includes progressives and libertarians alike, both in and out of Congress, to organize on campuses, in cities, and towns across America, to serve as an effective counterbalance to the Demuplican war party, its think tanks, and its media cheerleaders. The work begins now, not after the Inauguration. We must not accept war as inevitable, and those leaders who would lead us in that direction, whether in Congress or the White House, must face visible opposition. 
Thank you Mr. Kucinich, I couldn’t agree more.",0
5795,"LIKE FROM A MOVIE, MIKE PENCE DID SOMETHING AMAZING AT A TRUMP RALLY TODAY!","LIKE FROM A MOVIE, MIKE PENCE DID SOMETHING AMAZING AT A TRUMP RALLY TODAY! by IWB · October 27, 2016 
Danny Gold for Liberty Writers reports, Mike Pence is honest, patriotic, and faithful. But he just took his love for the people to a whole new level. I don’t recall ever seeing a politician do this. Read more:",0
5796,Why Every Man Must Take Control Of His Finances,"Why Every Man Must Take Control Of His Finances How to profit off of the collapse Image Credits: flickr, 68751915@N05 . 
The world that we live in is nothing like the world that our parents lived in. Back in the pre-globalization era, of roughly 1940-1990, it was completely feasible to expect a corporation to pay your salary and help ease you into retirement. 
Back in this “golden era,” corporations actually looked out for their employees. Through various financial means, such as the Roth 401k or a conventional pension, employers could expect to be getting a reliable deposit bi-monthly in order to help them sustain their standard of living all throughout their retirement years. 
It also used to be that a college degree was something to aspire to; something that guaranteed you a well-paying job, that would allow you to support a family of four with just a single college graduate’s income. This is obviously no longer the case. 
Now, in 2016, the rate of unemployment for college graduates is officially 7%, but we all know the games that the economists play.",0
5797,"‘No Vacancies’ for Blacks: How Donald Trump Got His Start, and Was First Accused of Bias - The New York Times","She seemed like the model tenant. A    nurse who was living at the Y. W. C. A. in Harlem, she had come to rent a   at the   Wilshire Apartments in the Jamaica Estates neighborhood of Queens. She filled out what the rental agent remembers as a “beautiful application. ” She did not even want to look at the unit. There was just one hitch: Maxine Brown was black. Stanley Leibowitz, the rental agent, talked to his boss, Fred C. Trump. “I asked him what to do and he says, ‘Take the application and put it in a drawer and leave it there,’” Mr. Leibowitz, now 88, recalled in an interview. It was late 1963  —   just months before President Lyndon B. Johnson signed the landmark Civil Rights Act  —   and the tall, mustachioed Fred Trump was approaching the apex of his building career. He was about to complete the jewel in the crown of his   housing empire: seven   towers, called Trump Village, spread across nearly 40 acres in Coney Island. He was also grooming his heir. His son Donald, 17, would soon enroll at Fordham University in the Bronx, living at his parents’ home in Queens and spending much of his free time touring construction sites in his father’s Cadillac, driven by a black chauffeur. “His father was his idol,” Mr. Leibowitz recalled. “Anytime he would come into the building, Donald would be by his side. ” Over the next decade, as Donald J. Trump assumed an increasingly prominent role in the business, the company’s practice of turning away potential black tenants was painstakingly documented by activists and organizations that viewed equal housing as the next frontier in the civil rights struggle. The Justice Department undertook its own investigation and, in 1973, sued Trump Management for discriminating against blacks. Both Fred Trump, the company’s chairman, and Donald Trump, its president, were named as defendants. It was   news, and for Donald, amounted to his debut in the public eye. “Absolutely ridiculous,” he was quoted as saying of the government’s allegations. Looking back, Mr. Trump’s response to the lawsuit can be seen as presaging his handling of subsequent challenges, in business and in politics. Rather than quietly trying to settle  —   as another New York developer had done a couple of years earlier  —   he turned the lawsuit into a protracted battle, complete with angry denials, character assassination, charges that the government was trying to force him to rent to “welfare recipients” and a $100 million countersuit accusing the Justice Department of defamation. When it was over, Mr. Trump declared victory, emphasizing that the consent decree he ultimately signed did not include an admission of guilt. But an investigation by The New York Times  —   drawing on   files from the New York City Commission on Human Rights, internal Justice Department records, court documents and interviews with tenants, civil rights activists and prosecutors  —   uncovered a long history of racial bias at his family’s properties, in New York and beyond. That history has taken on fresh relevance with Mr. Trump arguing that black voters should support him over Hillary Clinton, whom he has called a bigot. While there is no evidence that Mr. Trump personally set the rental policies at his father’s properties, he was on hand while they were in place, working out of a cubicle in Trump Management’s Brooklyn offices as early as the summer of 1968. Then and now, Mr. Trump has steadfastly denied any awareness of any discrimination at Trump properties. While Mr. Trump declined to be interviewed for this article, his general counsel, Alan Garten, said in a statement that there was “no merit to the allegations. ” And there has been no suggestion of racial bias toward prospective residents in the luxury housing that Mr. Trump focused on as his career took off in Manhattan in the 1980s. In the past, Mr. Trump has treated the case as a footnote in the narrative of his career. In his memoir “The Art of the Deal,” he dispensed with it in five paragraphs. And while stumping in Ohio, he even singled out his work at one of his father’s properties in Cincinnati, omitting that, at the time, the development was the subject of a separate discrimination lawsuit  —   one that included claims of racial slurs uttered by a manager whom Mr. Trump had personally praised. As eager as he was to leave behind the   precincts of New York City where Fred Trump had made his fortune, Donald Trump often speaks admiringly of him, recalling what he learned at his father’s side when the Trump name was synonymous with utilitarian housing, not yet with luxury, celebrity, or a polarizing brand of politics. “My legacy has its roots in my father’s legacy,” he said last year. Fred Trump got into the housing business when he was in his early 20s, building a   home for a neighbor in Queens. During World War II, he constructed housing for shipyard workers and Navy personnel in Norfolk, Va. After the war, he returned to New York, setting his sights on bigger, more ambitious projects, realized with the help of federal government loans. His establishment as one of the city’s biggest developers was hardly free of controversy: The Senate Banking Committee subpoenaed him in 1954 during an investigation into profiteering off federal housing loans. Under oath, he acknowledged that he had wildly overstated the costs of a development to obtain a larger mortgage from the government. In 1966, as the investigative journalist Wayne Barrett detailed in “Trump: The Greatest Show on Earth,” a New York legislative committee accused Fred Trump of using state money earmarked for   housing to build a shopping center instead. One lawmaker called Mr. Trump “greedy and grasping. ” By this point, the Trump organization’s business practices were beginning to come under scrutiny from civil rights groups that had received complaints from prospective   tenants. People like Maxine Brown. Mr. Leibowitz, the rental agent at the Wilshire, remembered Ms. Brown repeatedly inquiring about the apartment. “Finally, she realized what it was all about,” he said. Ms. Brown’s first instinct was to let the matter go she was happy enough at the Y. W. C. A. “I had a big room and two meals a day for five dollars a week,” she said in an interview. But a friend, Mae Wiggins, who had also been denied an apartment at the Wilshire, told her that she ought to have her own place, with a private bathroom and a kitchen. She encouraged Ms. Brown to file a complaint with the New York City Commission on Human Rights, as she was doing. “We knew there was prejudice in renting,” Ms. Wiggins recalled. “It was rampant in New York. It made me feel really bad, and I wanted to do something to right the wrong. ” Mr. Leibowitz was called to testify at the commission’s hearing on Ms. Brown’s case. Asked to estimate how many blacks lived in Mr. Trump’s various properties, he remembered replying: “To the best of my knowledge, none. ” After the hearing, Ms. Brown was offered an apartment in the Wilshire, and in the spring of 1964, she moved in. For 10 years, she said, she was the only   in the building. Complaints about the Trump organization’s rental policies continued to mount: By 1967, state investigators found that out of some 3, 700 apartments in Trump Village, seven were occupied by   families. Like Ms. Brown, the few minorities who did live in   buildings often had to force their way in. A black woman named Agnes Bunn recalled hearing in early 1970 about a vacant Trump apartment in another part of Queens, from a white friend who lived in the building. But when she went by, she was told there were no vacancies. “The super came out and stood there until I left the property,” Ms. Bunn said. Ms. Bunn testified about the experience at a meeting with the New York City Commission on Human Rights in 1970. According to a summary, recovered from the New York City Municipal Archives, she told a Trump lawyer that it was known that no “colored” people were wanted as tenants in the building. The lawyer concluded that the episode was “all a misunderstanding. ” Ms. Bunn and her husband, a Manhattan accountant, soon became the building’s first black tenants. Unlike the public schools, the housing market could not be desegregated simply by court order. Even after passage of the Fair Housing Act of 1968, which prohibited racial discrimination in housing, developments in white neighborhoods continued to rebuff blacks. For years, it fell largely to local civil rights groups to highlight the problem by sending white “testers” into apartment complexes after blacks had been turned away. “Everything was sort of whispers and innuendo and you wanted to try to bring it out into the open,” recalled Phyllis Kirschenbaum, who volunteered for Operation Open City, a housing rights advocacy organization. “I’d walk in with my freckles and red hair and Jewish name and get an apartment immediately. ” The complaints of discrimination were not limited to New York. In 1969, a young black couple, Haywood and Rennell Cash, sued after being denied a home in Cincinnati at one of the first projects in which Donald Trump, fresh out of college, played an active role. Mr. Cash was repeatedly rejected by the Trumps’ rental agent, according to court records and notes kept by Housing Opportunities Made Equal of Cincinnati, which sent in white testers posing as a young couple while Mr. Cash waited in the car. After the agent, Irving Wolper, offered the testers an apartment, they brought in Mr. Cash. Mr. Wolper grew furious, shoving them out of the office and calling the young female tester, Maggie Durham, a “” according to court records. “To this day I have not forgotten the fury in his voice and in his face,” Ms. Durham recalled recently, adding that she also remembered him calling her a “traitor to the race. ” The Cashes were ultimately offered an apartment. At a campaign stop in Ohio recently, Mr. Trump shared warm memories of his time in Cincinnati, calling it one of the early successes of his career. And in “The Art of the Deal,” he praised Mr. Wolper, without using his surname, calling him a “fabulous man” and “an amazing manager. ” “Irving was a classic,” Mr. Trump wrote. The young Mr. Trump also spent time in Norfolk, helping manage the housing complexes his father built there in the 1940s. Similar complaints of discrimination surfaced at those properties beginning in the   and were documented by Ellis James, an equal housing activist. “The managers on site were usually not very sophisticated,” Mr. James, now 78, recalled. “Some were dedicated segregationists, but most of them were more concerned with following the policies they were directed to keep. ” Donald Trump said he had first heard about the lawsuit, which was filed in the fall of 1973, on his car radio. The government had charged him, his father and their company, Trump Management Inc. with violating the Fair Housing Act. Another major New York developer, the LeFrak Organization, had been hit with a similar suit a few years earlier. Its founder, Samuel LeFrak, had appeared at a news conference alongside the United States attorney, trumpeting a consent agreement to prohibit discrimination in his buildings by saying it would “make open housing in our cities a reality. ” The LeFrak company even offered the equivalent of one month’s rent to help 50 black families move into predominantly white buildings. Donald Trump took a different approach. He retained Senator Joseph McCarthy’s   counsel, Roy Cohn, to defend him. Mr. Trump soon called his own news conference  —   to announce his countersuit against the government. The government’s lawyers took as their starting point the years of research conducted by civil rights groups at Trump properties. “We did our own investigation and enlarged the case,” said Elyse Goldweber, who as a young assistant United States attorney worked on the lawsuit, U. S. A. v. Trump. A former Trump superintendent named Thomas Miranda testified that multiple Trump Management employees had instructed him to attach a separate piece of paper with a big letter “C” on it  —   for “colored”  —   to any application filed by a black  . The Trumps went on the offensive, filing a    charge against one of the prosecutors, accusing her of turning the investigation into a “  interrogation. ” The Trumps derided the lawsuit as a pressure tactic to get them to sign a consent decree like the one agreed to by Mr. LeFrak. The judge dismissed both the countersuit and the    charge. After nearly two years of legal wrangling, the Trumps gave up and signed a consent decree. As is customary, it did not include an admission of guilt. But it did include pages of stipulations intended to ensure the desegregation of Trump properties. Equal housing activists celebrated the agreement as more robust than the one signed by Mr. LeFrak. It required that Trump Management provide the New York Urban League with a weekly list of all its vacancies. This did not stop Mr. Trump from declaring victory. “In the end the government couldn’t prove its case, and we ended up making a minor settlement without admitting any guilt,” he wrote in “The Art of the Deal. ” Only this was not quite the end. A few years later, the government accused the Trumps of violating the consent decree. “We believe that an underlying pattern of discrimination continues to exist in the Trump Management organization,” a Justice Department lawyer wrote to Mr. Cohn in 1978. Once again, the government marshaled numerous examples of blacks being denied Trump apartments. But this time, it also identified a pattern of racial steering. While more black families were now renting in   buildings, the government said, many had been confined to a small number of complexes. And tenants in some of these buildings had complained about the conditions, from falling plaster to rusty light fixtures to bloodstained floors. The Trumps effectively wore the government down. The original consent decree expired before the Justice Department had accumulated enough evidence to press its new case. The issue was becoming academic, anyway. New York’s white   population was shrinking. Shifting demographics would soon make it impractical to turn away black tenants. By the spring of 1982, when the case was officially closed, Donald Trump’s prized project, Trump Tower, was just months from completion. The rebranding of the Trump name was well underway. As for Ms. Brown, she still lives in the same apartment in the Wilshire. Over the years, she has watched the building’s complexion begin to change  —   along with some of her neighbors’ attitudes toward her. During the 1990s, one man who used to step off the elevator whenever she stepped on suddenly started greeting her warmly. On a recent afternoon, she reminisced about the unlikely role she played in breaking the color barrier of the Trump real estate empire. “I just wanted a decent place to live,” she said.",0
5798,Normal Saline vs. Lactated Ringer’s: Results of a Phase 3 Randomized Quadruple-Blind Clinical Water Balloon Fight | GomerBlog,"Tweet 
BACKGROUND: The superiority of Lactated Ringer’s solution (LR) or normal saline (NS) in fluid resuscitation in a variety of medical and surgical scenarios remains the most hotly debated irrelevant topic in modern medicine. For this reason and because advancement in our academic medicine careers requires us to have a certain number of publications, we have designed this study to finally determine which of the two is the ULTIMATE FLUID! 
METHODS: The medical and surgical departments at Miskatonic Medical Center in Maine were made to compete in a no-holds-barred water balloon battle. The teams were randomized to either NS or LR-filled water balloons. Participants were blinded as to which fluid they were using and the data analysis teams were blinded as well. Finally, everyone involved was physically blindfolded by two different blindfolds, thus creating the first ever QUADRUPLE -BLIND clinical study. 
Nephrologists were excluded from participating, because they can unfailingly identify and manipulate all fluids with their psychic powers. 
RESULTS: The surgical department pulled into an early lead thanks in no small part to the orthopedics team. Led by Dr. Brock Hammersley and assisted by a platoon of Stryker reps who refilled water balloons and acted as spotters, the ortho team’s throws were powerful enough to send the medical department’s participants to the ER with broken bones . 
Dr. Hammersley almost won the day for the surgical department by turfing all the new admissions straight back to medicine. However, in a surprise twist, the medicine department pulled out their ace in the hole: legendary hospitalist and goalkeeper Tim Howard . Howard, who has managed to keep his hospitalist team admission-free for two straight years, was able to easily deflect every admission. 
Despite Dr. Howard’s assistance, the surgical team captured more flags, scored more touchdowns, shot more hoops, and generally looked cooler doing it all. Nevertheless, medicine ultimately won on points after the medical student on the Heme/Onc service managed to quote the JNC 9 Water Balloon Battle guidelines as pertaining to left-handed African-American male patients with preeclampsia on a night when five virgins are sacrificed to the blood moon. 
CONCLUSION: Lactated Ringer’s solution (ironically randomized to medicine) is the ULTIMATE FLUID! Further work needs to be done so we can continue getting NIH funding. 2K Shares ",0
5799,Oathkeeper Chapter 8,"Home » Headlines » World News » Oathkeeper Chapter 8 
A peaceful valley in the mountains of Colorado becomes a battleground pitting the federal government against a rural sheriff’s department. Sheriff Bear Ellison finds himself increasingly isolated as he is forced to decide between risking his life protecting a local hero, or reneging on his oath and handing him over to federal prosecutors… 

Chapter 8 
Cold winds poured down off the mountains and swirled in the valley, heralding the end of Indian summer. Billowing cumulonimbus clouds boiled upwards into the stratosphere, dwarfing the fourteen-thousand-foot peaks to the west. The aspen on the northern slopes had lost the last of their leaves and the cottonwoods and willows that clustered in the arroyos and flood plains had turned yellow. The elk had made their way down off the high meadows, and the mule deer were more common, grazing along the shoulders of the highway, sizing up their prospects of safe crossing. 
Sheriff Ellison drove his patrols with a heavy heart. Nguyet had made her decision. She was leaving for Atlanta, and he would soon be alone. He wished his term was over so that he could jettison his responsibilities and join her and his new granddaughter. The visit with Acevedo had cured him of any lingering political aspirations. Despite the DEA’s wishes, he never did give a press conference on the accidental shooting. 
What would be the point? he thought. Acevedo was right in one sense. The sheriff would have been held responsible for the shooting, regardless of how he framed it for the public. 
Ellison conceded that he would not be able to reign in the feds. He knew that the populace had most likely also realized this by now, and this painted him in a pastel hue of weakness. He noticed that people in general had become less social and cordial towards him since the botched raid. “Good morning, Sheriff. How are things?” was replaced with a cursory “Howdy” or a perfunctory nod, followed by averted eyes. This, along with his wife’s looming departure, filled him with a feeling of isolation. The DEA raids would continue, despite his protest. Nguyet had begged him to resign, but he just couldn’t. Not at such a chaotic time in his career. 
Ellison’s hope was that the county might turn against the DEA occupation. Monte Turcot was a hero, after all, and the shooting of him and his wife was a lightning rod. He hoped that the citizens were beginning to question the value of the DEA’s mission, but without effective leadership and organization, they would be helpless to foment any real resistance. 
Ellison knew Acevedo was disappointed that he did not do the requested damage control on the DEA’s behalf. He learned of this through a phone call with the governor’s office, whom the DEA had contacted to voice their displeasure. They had called him demanding an explanation. 
“There’s nothing for my department to communicate,” Ellison had explained over the phone. “We were not involved in that operation… We have asked DA Chalmers to launch a grand jury investigation… We expect their decision any day… I’ve ordered Special Agent Acevedo to suspend operations… No, he has not complied… I respectfully disagree with your assessment… I will take the governor’s position under advisement…” 
The DEA continued according to their plan. It didn’t matter to them what the sheriff or a constituency of “rancheros and hippy flameouts” thought of their operation. Their mission was ordained by the president. Provincial resistance was futile. Those who stood athwart them would be ignored or swept aside. Acevedo and his agents conducted three more raids after the Turcot shooting, adding to their tally of minor victories in the War on Drugs at a taxpayer cost of over $100,000 per arrest. Thankfully, no one else was shot. 
One afternoon, while on patrol, Ellison received a text on his cell phone. He glanced at it quickly, then turned off the road to change direction. An email from DA Chalmers came moments later. 
“Re: Turcot Shooting,” it read. “GJ has decided not to pursue.” 
Ellison stepped on the gas. He turned west onto County Road 306 and north just after the golf course, taking Gun Club Road for two miles and over Michigan Ditch where it ended at the intersection of a dirt road running east and west. Ellison turned west, his cruiser’s tires throwing up rocks and a plume of dust as he accelerated up the road that led into the hills and evergreen forest. Ten minutes from when he had received the email, he was pulling into Monte Turcot’s driveway. He shut off his cruiser, looked at his watch, took a deep breath, then got out and walked up to the door. As he raised his hand to knock, the recognizable pop of gunfire echoed through the trees. Instinctively, Ellison reached down towards his holster. Another shot rang out, then another, and another, in deliberate succession. The sounds were coming from behind Turcot’s trailer, where it abutted the woods. 
Cautiously, the sheriff made his way around the trailer, ready to draw if necessary. As he stepped out from behind it, the source of the shooting finally came into view. It was Monte Turcot himself, now bearded and thin, firing rounds into a tree trunk with a small pistol. His back was turned to the sheriff, and a half empty bottle of Jim Beam sat clasped in his other hand. 
“Don’t shoot me, Monte. I’m right behind you,” Ellison called. 
Monte staggered a few steps back and lowered his gun. 
“Listen, I came out here to talk to you.” 
Without even acknowledging the sheriff’s presence, Monte took a swig from the bottle, his pistol now dangling in his hand like a toy gun at his side. Ellison kept his hand close to his holster and made a quick glance about, looking for cover in the event that Monte had in fact lost his marbles and was mulling over the idea of suicide by cop. 
“Can we talk?” asked Ellison. 
Monte stared into the woods, wobbling, his back still turned to the sheriff. After another swig, he lowered his bottle, holding it so loosely that Ellison wondered if it might slip out and crash on the rocks at his feet. 
“Monte?” 
Monte didn’t move. 
“Okay, Monte,” Ellison explained slowly. “I’m going to go back to my car and check my messages and call in. That’ll take me about five minutes or so. Then I’ll be on my way. If you want, you can come over and talk. Or call me later. Does that sound okay with you?” 
Monte didn’t respond, swaying in the autumn air. A gust of wind blew pine cones off the trees, which landed with a thunk on his trailer’s metal roof. Ellison backed away behind the trailer and walked back to his cruiser. Inside, he radioed a quick status report to dispatch and then checked his messages. Nguyet was wondering when he would be home for dinner. His son had emailed pictures of his granddaughter. A reporter from the Gazette wanted to talk about his reelection campaign. Someone had sent a note about a roadkill carcass on the highway north of town. 
Something moved in the corner of his eye. Ellison glanced up and was startled to find the ragged Monte Turcot framed in his windshield. He looked pale, his hair was matted, and his filthy sweatshirt was stained with blood. Ellison looked at his hands. Monte was no longer wielding the pistol, but he still clung to the bottle. From the looks of it, he’d had a few more drinks since the sheriff had arrived. 
Relieved but still cautious, Ellison rolled down the passenger window. “Get in, Monte.” 
Monte stared back, his blank expression evoking that of a zombie’s. Ellison clipped his cell phone into its mount on the dash, then reached over and opened the passenger door. Monte slowly shuffled towards it and got in. 
“How are you holding up, Monte?” Ellison asked. 
“Still here,” he answered in a raspy tone. 
“This is a terrible thing you’re going through. I wish there was something I could do to help.” 
“Thanks,” murmured Monte. 
“What’s that blood from, on your shirt there?” 
“Tore my hands up chopping wood.” 
“Did you cut yourself?” 
“No.” Monte set his bottle down on the floorboard and presented the palms of his hands to the sheriff. They were covered in blisters, some of which had burst. The tender layer of skin beneath had torn open. 
“You should take care of that,” Ellison warned him. “It could get infected.” 
“Yeah…you’re probably right.” 
“Looks like you did a lot of chopping.” 
“Four cords,” Monte stated quietly. 
“How long did that take you?” 
“I split it all yesterday.” 
“That ought to be plenty to get you through winter in that trailer of yours.” 
Monte stared out the passenger window. The mountains appeared through a break in the ponderosa that lined his drive, their peaks sheathed in the purest of white. 
“It certainly is beautiful out here this time of year,” the sheriff observed. 
“I think I might just walk myself up into those mountains and never come back down,” Monte answered in a quiet, resigned sigh. “You ever think about doing something like that, Sheriff?” 
“I think about that a lot, Monte. Maybe not exactly like you describe it, but there are a lot of days – too many days – when I think about dropping everything and going away, going away for a while.” 
“I ain’t talking about for a while . I’m talking about for good.” 
“You wouldn’t be planning on bringing that gun along with you, would you?” asked Ellison. 
“You know, I don’t really plan anything, anymore.” Monte looked down at his ravaged hands. “The future changes day by day. Sometimes I think about going back to active duty again, volunteering for all the action. I thought for sure that was going to be my future yesterday. But then today, I don’t think that’s such a good idea. Today, I think I’ve seen enough killing for one lifetime. I don’t want any part of that no more. Right now, I wish I’d never joined in the first place.” He shrugged. “But then again, who knows? Tomorrow, I’ll probably wish I never came home.” 
“It’s got to be tough, dealing with everything you’ve been through,” Ellison answered. “It’s too much for one man.” 
“Yeah.” Monte nodded slowly. “I’m ashamed of the things that I thought about doing yesterday.” 
“What sort of things?” 
“I’m worried about you, Monte.” 
“What do you know about anything, Sheriff?” 
“You’re right. I don’t know much about what you’re going through. I just worry.” 
“Don’t.” 
“Monte,” Ellison said, wary of the direction he was about to take the conversation, “I came out here to check up on you. It doesn’t look like you’re doing well. I don’t think you’re out of line or anything, all things considered. I just think you’re out here all alone, and that it’s not good for you. Is there any way I could talk you into staying with some family for a while? You’ve got a sister, don’t you? Maybe she could come out and stay with you, or you could go visit her.” 
“She lives in Connecticut. She’s got four kids.” 
“What about your parents?” 
“They’re old, worn down, worn out. I’d be a burden on them. I don’t want to deal with them right now, anyway.” 
“Monte…I wouldn’t feel right about just leaving you out here without knowing you’re going to get some help. Everyone needs help, sometimes. There isn’t any shame in that.” 
Monte turned from the window and looked at Ellison. “So what happened with the grand jury? That’s really why you came out here, isn’t it? To tell me about that?” 
Ellison felt relieved that Monte had broached the subject first. He hadn’t been able to figure out a way to get there gracefully by himself. 
“They concluded that, under applicable law, no criminal charges will be filed against the DEA agent that shot you and your wife. I’m sorry.” He watched as Monte’s eyes dimmed in helpless frustration. “For the record, that’s the DA’s language, not mine. I think it’s wrong.” 
“I can’t say that I’m surprised,” Monte replied. He picked his bottle off the floorboards and opened the door. “I think I’m going to go back inside and lay down for a while.” 
“Okay, Monte. I’ll stay out here for a few minutes, if you don’t mind.” 
“Don’t worry, Sheriff. I’ll be all right,” answered Monte. “I just need to get some rest. These hands are hurting real bad, and I’m pretty drunk.” He stumbled out of the cruiser and staggered slowly back into his trailer, letting the door slam shut behind him. 
Sheriff Ellison waited outside with his window down, listening for a gunshot for over an hour.",0
5800,"CNN’s Stelter: I Think Trump Leaks Are ’Partly’ Career Gov’t Officials and Obama Officials, Partly Trump Aides - Breitbart","On Wednesday’s broadcast of CNN’s “New Day,” CNN Senior Media Correspondent and “Reliable Sources” host Brian Stelter stated that he thinks leaks coming from the Trump White House are “partly to do with career government officials, who are concerned about Trump. Partly, it does have to do with some former Obama administration officials, who have their own agendas, and partly, it’s a cry for help from Trump aides  …    people are motivated to leak in order to alert the public to a problem. ”  Stelter said, “Leaks are coming from many different places, for many different reasons. That’s been true during the transition, and now especially true, that Trump is in office. Every administration, every government has leaks, but this is of a whole other level. We’re seeing something so much more extreme. ” He added, “I think it has partly to do with career government officials, who are concerned about Trump. Partly, it does have to do with some former Obama administration officials, who have their own agendas, and partly, it’s a cry for help from Trump aides, from people inside the Trump White House, who may feel they’re loyal to him, but believe he needs help, that he’s not getting the right support. Oftentimes, people are motivated to leak in order to alert the public to a problem. ” Stelter further stated that government officials could be breaking the law by sharing information, and some could be felonies. Stelter also pointed out that there were leak investigations during the Obama administration. (  RCP Video) Follow Ian Hanchett on Twitter @IanHanchett",0
5801,Jeff Sessions Recuses Himself From Russia Inquiry - The New York Times,"WASHINGTON  —   Attorney General Jeff Sessions, facing a storm of criticism over newly disclosed contacts with the Russian ambassador to the United States, recused himself on Thursday from any investigation into charges that Russia meddled in the 2016 presidential election. His announcement, delivered at a terse news conference, came after a day of   developments in a murky affair that has shadowed President Trump, jeopardized his closest aides and intensified pressure for a full inquiry into Moscow’s attempts to influence the election as well as the policies of the new administration. Many top Democrats demanded Mr. Sessions’s resignation, and a growing number of Republicans declared that he should not take part in any investigation into the case, given his own still largely unexplained role in it. But Mr. Trump stoutly defended Mr. Sessions, one of his few early champions on Capitol Hill. “He could have stated his response more accurately, but it was clearly not intentional,” he said in a statement, which accused Democrats of engaging in “a total witch hunt. ” Mr. Sessions insisted there was nothing nefarious about his two meetings with the Russian ambassador, Sergey I. Kislyak, even though he did not disclose them to the Senate during his confirmation hearing and they occurred during the heat of the race between Hillary Clinton, the Democratic nominee, and Mr. Trump, whom Mr. Sessions was advising on national security. In his account on Thursday of the more substantive meeting, which took place in his Senate office on Sept. 8, Mr. Sessions described Mr. Kislyak as one of a parade of envoys who seek out lawmakers like him to glean information about American policies and promote the agendas of their governments. “Somehow, the subject of Ukraine came up,” Mr. Sessions said, recalling that the meeting grew testy after the ambassador defended Russia’s conduct toward its neighbor and heaped blame on everybody else. “I thought he was pretty much of an     ambassador,” Mr. Sessions said, noting that he declined a lunch invitation from Mr. Kislyak. Mr. Sessions’s decision to recuse himself was one of his first public acts as attorney general. He said he made the decision after consulting with Justice Department officials, and he denied misleading Senator Al Franken, Democrat of Minnesota, when he said in his confirmation hearing that he had not met with Russian officials about the Trump campaign. “In retrospect,” Mr. Sessions told reporters, “I should have slowed down and said, ‘But I did meet one Russian official a couple of times, and that would be the ambassador.’ ” The latest disclosures  —   and the Trump administration’s contradictory accounts of them  —   have deepened the questions about Russia’s role in the election and its aftermath. The affair has fueled calls for congressional and independent investigations, and toppled another close Trump aide, Michael T. Flynn, who resigned as national security adviser last month after admitting he had misled the administration over his contacts with Mr. Kislyak. On Thursday, the White House confirmed that Mr. Flynn had his own previously undisclosed meeting with the ambassador in December to “establish a line of communication” between the incoming administration and the Russian government. Jared Kushner, Mr. Trump’s    and now a senior adviser, also participated in the meeting at Trump Tower. The extent and frequency of the   contacts remain unclear. But news of the meeting added to the emerging picture of how the relationship between Mr. Trump’s team and Moscow evolved to include some of Mr. Trump’s most trusted advisers. Two other Trump campaign advisers also reportedly spoke with Mr. Kislyak last year at an event on the sidelines of the Republican National Convention. Carter Page, a businessman and early Trump foreign policy adviser, told MSNBC on Thursday, “I’m not going to deny that I talked to him,” but said in an earlier statement that he would not comment about the event, which was off the record. Additionally, J. D. Gordon, a retired naval officer who advised Mr. Trump on national security, told USA Today that he had had an “informal conversation” with Mr. Kislyak, and played down its importance. Mr. Sessions’s decision to recuse himself exposed a rift between the White House and the Justice Department, not only over whether he should do so  —   Mr. Trump said he did not think Mr. Sessions needed to  —   but over the president’s public statements. A Justice Department official confessed puzzlement about why the White House regularly asserted that no one from the Trump campaign had any contact with the Russian government. With Mr. Sessions’s recusal, any Justice Department investigation would be overseen by the deputy attorney general. Dana J. Boente is currently serving in an acting capacity from his role as the chief federal prosecutor for the Eastern District of Virginia. A Senate hearing is scheduled for Tuesday for the nomination of Rod J. Rosenstein as deputy attorney general he would oversee the issue if he is confirmed, and his hearing is now likely to be dominated by questions about the Russia issue. It is not clear if the Justice Department is investigating Russian meddling in the 2016 election, although the F. B. I. is known to have examined possible contacts between Russia and Trump advisers. The House Intelligence Committee has also opened an inquiry into whether Russia tried to influence the election. Mr. Trump said that he “wasn’t aware” that Mr. Sessions had spoken to the ambassador, but that he believed that the attorney general had testified truthfully during his confirmation hearing. “I think he probably did,” Mr. Trump told reporters, while touring the Gerald R. Ford, the newest American aircraft carrier, in Newport News, Va. Asked whether Mr. Sessions should recuse himself from the investigations, the president said, “I don’t think so. ” Within Mr. Trump’s inner circle, Mr. Flynn appears to have been the primary interlocutor with the Russian envoy. The two were in contact during the campaign and the transition, Mr. Kislyak and current and former American officials have said. But Mr. Sessions served as the chairman of Mr. Trump’s national security committee  —   a post Democrats said would have made him a much   figure for officials from many foreign countries. There is nothing unusual about meetings between presidential campaigns and foreign diplomats. Mr. Kislyak was one of several envoys at the Republican National Convention, where his first meeting with Mr. Sessions, according to the attorney general, was a brief encounter after a panel organized by the Heritage Foundation. Ambassadors also attended the Democratic convention, though it was not clear whether Mr. Kislyak was among them. “Active embassies here consider it as their assignment to stretch out feelers to presidential hopefuls,” said Peter Wittig, the German ambassador, who met most of the Republican candidates, though not Mr. Trump. “I don’t consider it as something unusual or problematic. ” The trouble in Mr. Sessions’s case is that his meeting came as the nation’s intelligence agencies were concluding that Russia had tried to destabilize the election and help Mr. Trump. Mr. Sessions’s initial lack of disclosure of the meetings with Mr. Kislyak fed suspicions that it was more than     diplomacy. The disclosure, first reported by The Washington Post, contradicted forceful and repeated denials from the White House that anyone from the Trump campaign had discussions with the Russians. “I have nothing to do with Russia,” Mr. Trump said at a news conference on Feb. 20. “To the best of my knowledge, no person that I deal with does. ” Asked at the news conference on Thursday whether he and the ambassador had discussed Mr. Trump or the election, Mr. Sessions said, “I don’t recall. ” Ambassadors are “pretty gossipy,” he said, and “this was in campaign season, but I don’t recall any specific political discussions. ” Mr. Sessions noted that he was joined by two retired Army colonels on his staff, as well as perhaps a younger staff member. He said they opened with small talk about Mr. Sessions’s visit to Russia with a church group in 1991. “He said he was not a believer himself, but he was glad to have church people come there,” Mr. Sessions recalled. That meeting came during the waning months of the campaign. But the meeting two months later of Mr. Kushner, Mr. Flynn and Mr. Kislyak came at an arguably more crucial time, with Mr. Trump as the   and the Obama White House preparing to impose sanctions on Russia and publicly make its case that Moscow had interfered with the election. What is becoming clear is that the incoming Trump administration was simultaneously striking a conciliatory pose toward Moscow in a series of meetings and calls involving Mr. Kislyak. “They generally discussed the relationship, and it made sense to establish a line of communication,” said Hope Hicks, a White House spokeswoman. “Jared has had meetings with many other foreign countries and representatives  —   as many as two dozen other foreign countries’ leaders and representatives. ” The Trump Tower meeting lasted 20 minutes, and Mr. Kushner has not met since with Mr. Kislyak, Ms. Hicks said. At Mr. Sessions’s confirmation hearing, Mr. Franken asked him about a CNN report that after the election, intelligence briefers had told President Barack Obama and Mr. Trump that Russian operatives claimed to have compromising information about Mr. Trump. Mr. Franken also noted that the report indicated that surrogates for Mr. Trump and intermediaries for the Russian government continued to exchange information during the campaign. He asked Mr. Sessions what he would do if that report proved true. Mr. Sessions replied that he was “not aware of any of those activities. ” He added, “I have been called a surrogate at a time or two in that campaign, and I didn’t have  —   did not have communications with the Russians, and I’m unable to comment on it. ” On Thursday, Mr. Sessions said he did not view Mr. Kislyak’s visit as tied to his campaign role, but he acknowledged, “I can’t speak for what the Russian ambassador may have had in his mind. ”",0
5802,It’s No Longer A Secret: NASA Space Camera Footage Shows UFO,"Email 
NASA’s space cameras have accidentally filmed another unidentified flying object (UFO) travelling out of earth’s atmosphere. The question is why did the space agency not turn off the live feed or try to cover up, as it usually does with UFOs and aliens? 
Via YourNewsWire SPONSORED LINKS 
A disk-shaped UFO appears in the video giving support to the theory that extraterrestrial beings and their crafts are continuously visiting earth. Scroll Down For Video Below 
Ever since the footage was uploaded to YouTube, it generated great controversy both among those who support the idea that it might be an extraterrestrial object, as among those who are completely skeptical of the subject, and as a joke suggest that “UFO’s that are planning on entering our air space should be registered and pay taxes.” 
The truth is that on many occasions only fragments of videos in which these mystery objects are visible are released. However, the fact that NASA interrupts its live feed transmissions is what arouses more suspicion among those who are eager to find new evidence of the existence of alien life, UFO’s and how we are all part of a massive conspiracy. 
One user wrote on YouTube: “The question isn’t “is this an alien spacecraft?”, but actually “Why NASA didn’t cut or blur this video as they always do with other strange sights?” According to many people, in today’s era, it isn’t a question anymore whether or not UFO’s are real. 

In fact, if we look back into the past we will see numerous fascinating statements made by former astronauts, military officials and scientists about Alien life and the existence of UFOs. 
Here are only a few: 
“Intelligent beings from other star systems have been and are visiting our planet Earth. They are variously referred to as Visitors, Others, Star People, Et’s, etc…They are visiting Earth now; this is not a matter of conjecture or wistful thinking.” – Theodor C. Loder III, Ph.D., Professor Emeritus of Earth Sciences, University of New Hampshire. 
We cannot address the UFO phenomena without mentioning Dr. Edgar Mitchel, one of the best-known Apollo astronauts and the sixth man to walk on the moon; a retired Captain in the US Navy, aeronautical engineer and founder of the Institute of Noetic Sciences (IONS) who had much to say about Alien life: 
“I happen to be privileged enough to be in on the fact that we have been visited on this planet, and the UFO phenomenon is real…Yes, there have been crashed craft, and bodies recovered. We are not alone in the universe; they have been coming here for a long time.” 
Franklin Story Musgrave, an American Physician, retired NASA astronaut who worked on the design and development of the Skylab Program and the only astronaut to have flown missions on all five Space Shuttles had very interesting things to say about life elsewhere in the cosmos: 
“Statistically it’s a certainty there are hugely advanced civilizations, intelligence, life forms out there. I believe they’re so advanced that they’re even doing interstellar travel. I believe it’s possible that they even came here. It’s logical to presume the universe must have other life in it and by virtue of association that we could be visited at some point.”",0
5803,"Of course, when you think about it, it was inevitable, says some smart-arsed twat","Of course, when you think about it, it was inevitable, says some smart-arsed twat 10-11-16 
THE election of Donald Trump was inevitable and obvious, according to some smug, smart-arsed twat. 
The twat, Martin Bishop, used words including ‘disenfranchised’, ‘swamped’ and ‘angry’ to bolster an argument which was later described as ‘obvious’ and ‘rubbish’. 
Bishop said: “White working class, ignored, globalisation, elite.” 
He added: “Politics of emotion, social media, ignored, globalised, ignored, elites, ignored, ignored, ignored. This doesn’t really affect me.” 
But Professor Henry Brubaker, from the Institute for Studies, said: “It’s because Hillary Clinton was a shit candidate. 
“Are we done?”",0
5804,UFO Investigator - MAX SPIERS - Found Dead After Vomiting Black Liquid.,"link a reply to: carewemust ""Vomiting black liquid"" caught my eye. I know bleeding internally can cause black vomit, sometimes it looks like coffee grounds. But something in the HeatStreet article that Fox news linked too also caught my eye: Max was buried in Canterbury cemetery after his mother arranged to have his body flown home a week after his death. A post-mortem examination was carried out by a pathologist in east Kent, but Vanessa says that more than two months later she still does not know the result, or whether there will be an inquest. She added: “Apparently, he had not suffered any obvious physical injuries but he could have been slowly poisoned, which is why the results of toxicology tests from his post-mortem are so important. [bolding by me] Activated charcoal -- which is black and readily available to anyone -- is used to treat poisoning, and could cause black vomit also. Could Spiers have suspected he was being poisoned and tried to self-treat with activated charcoal? I can't find much more about the black vomit... as in if someone was with him before/during/after he vomited the black liquid... or if it was found at the same time as he was found dead.",0
5805,NATO and Turkey: Time to admit reality,"Trump rape accuser skips press conference, citing threats ‹ › GPD is our General Posting Department whereby we share posts from other sources along with general information with our readers. It is managed by our Editorial Board NATO and Turkey: Time to admit reality By GPD on November 4, 2016 By DAVID ROMANO 
The North Atlantic Treaty Organization (NATO) was created after World War Two to unite democratic states or Western Europe and North America against Soviet expansionism. The alliance admitted Turkey in 1952, two years after the country transitioned into a democratic electoral system of government. 
Today, in contrast, neither the Soviet Union nor a democratic Turkey exist. Going on with the charade of NATO may, under the circumstances, do more harm than good. Russia today remains much smaller and less powerful than the Soviet empire was, and bilateral arrangements with countries looking for protection against their eastern neighbor should suffice. From the Russian point of view, a large alliance apparently arrayed against it, working hard to encircle Russia, provokes understandable concerns. The West should consider asking Russia what it would concede in return for the dissolution of the alliance. 
In the case of Turkey, the country’s NATO membership also increasingly makes a mockery of the alliance’s charter and places significant liabilities on the shoulders of other members. Perusing the NATO charter, one finds statements such as: 
The Parties to this…are determined to safeguard the freedom, common heritage and civilisation of their peoples, founded on the principles of democracy, individual liberty and the rule of law…..The Parties will contribute toward the further development of peaceful and friendly international relations by strengthening their free institutions, by bringing about a better understanding of the principles upon which these institutions are founded, and by promoting conditions of stability and well-being. 
Although Turkey’s military coups in 1960, 1971 and 1980 briefly interrupted democracy there, the military made good on its promises to quickly return power to elected civilian control. Today, in contrast, it seems increasingly clear that President Erdogan will never relinquish power. His purges and complete subversion of democratic institutions and individual liberties may take decades to repair, if ever. 
This process began well before the failed July 15 coup in Turkey, but that event provided a pretext for taking the purges in Turkey to new heights. Under new “emergency rule” legislation, some 200,000 civil servants have been dismissed with scant evidence of wrongdoing. Around 2000 academics lost their posts, including just about every university dean – replacements for which will all be appointed directly by Mr. Erdogan. Many of the academics dismissed were only guilty of signing a petition for peace between the government and the Kurdistan Workers’ Party (PKK). 
Mr. Erdogan’s government also shut down some 170 media outlets, including a Kurdish children’s broadcaster. Remaining media, including Turkey most venerable newspaper ( Cumhuriyet ) have seen their editors and journalists arrested and imprisoned. People now face arrest and imprisonment without charge for up to 30 days, and the state can now record conversations between those arrested and their lawyers (when they finally get so see one), with the recordings then provided to prosecutors. According to Human Rights Watch, torture has also now returned to Turkish prisons, where 27 elected mayors from mostly Kurdish cities like Diyarbakir now reside. Judges and prosecutors doing anything even mildly displeasing to the ruling party have been summarily dismissed or arrested themselves, only to be replaced with more pliant sycophants (laws were also changed to allow the ruling party to appoint even High Court judges). Hundreds of generals and officers are behind bars, to the point that the Turkish air force can only operate a portion of its fighter planes. 
Your columnist could go on, of course, but the point seems clear enough – “freedom, democracy, individual liberty and the rule of law” have withered in Turkey. What’s more, Ankara’s actions and foreign policy threaten NATO. This became abundantly clear when Turkey shot down a Russian fighter plane last year, threatening to drag the alliance into a war it did not want. Although Turkey has since reconciled with Russia, Ankara threatens or even appears poised to go to war with a number actors helping other NATO countries – Iraq, the Democratic Union Party of Syria (PYD), and even Greece, a NATO member itself (Mr. Erdogan recently fumed that the 1923 Treaty of Lausanne made a mistake in giving Greece islands off Turkey’s Aegean coast). During the July 15 attempted coup, Ankara cut off electricity to U.S. forces at Incirlik air base (where they guard nuclear weapons, among other things). Mr. Erdogan and his government suggested that the United States either condoned the coup or even had a role in it. 
Combined with Ankara’s support for a number of Islamist groups in the region, including some fairly hard-core Jihadi outfits in Syria, these developments ring a lot of alarm bells in Brussels and Washington. Rep. Dana Rohrabacher, the Republican chair of a House subcommittee on emerging threats, expressed such concerns a few weeks ago when he stated that “Ten years ago Turkey was a solid NATO ally and a staunch opponent of radical Islam and a friend of the United States, and today that’s all in question… Erdogan is purging pro-Western people throughout his country who are in positions of influence. He himself has become more aggressive in his Islamic beliefs, and there’s reason for us to be seriously concerned.” 
The NATO charter lacks any provisions for expelling members, however, and such a public break is probably not in any member’s interest. The better approach would be to disband NATO and put something new together. American policy makers will protest that Washington can’t afford to lose Turkey. This ignores the fact that they have already lost the Turks to Mr. Erdogan and his ilk – they just haven’t officially left yet. 

David Romano has been a Rudaw columnist since 2010. He holds the Thomas G. Strong Professor of Middle East Politics at Missouri State University and is the author of numerous publications on the Kurds and the Middle East. 
The views expressed in this article are those of the author and do not necessarily reflect the position of Rudaw. 
Related Posts: No Related Posts The   GPD   50 Reads Filed under Politics  ",0
5806,What Enthusiasm Gap?: Watching Crowd Go NUTS As Hillary Speaks During Florida Downpour Is Amazing,"Google Pinterest Digg Linkedin Reddit Stumbleupon Print Delicious Pocket Tumblr 
So much for the media narrative that there is a so-called “enthusiasm gap” between Clinton and Trump. Watching a Florida crowd roar as Hillary Clinton delivers a powerful speech in a downpour shows just how seriously people are taking this election. Clinton voters are just as motivated for her as Trump’s are for him, perhaps more so. 
Clinton was in Broward County, a crucial Democratic stronghold in what could be the deciding state of the election. The weather wouldn’t cooperate , with intense rains off-and-on in the lead up to the event, but it didn’t dissuade rally goers. By the time Hillary got up to the stage, the crowd was soaked but the atmosphere was electric. After a brief moment of sunshine, the rain returned in force. Hillary kept going. Clinton speaking a rally in Florida when it started to POUR. The crowd went nuts. pic.twitter.com/5xp2iZgf1V 
— David Mack (@davidmackau) November 5, 2016 
The crowd was roaring. The mood was positive. It was everything that Donald Trump and his allies in the media claim you don’t see at a Clinton rally. And it was in Florida, the state that could put Hillary over the top and the state that Trump must win to even have a hope of being elected. Watching Hillary’s rally probably sent a chill down the spines of Trump’s campaign staff. 
Hilariously, just yesterday, Trump got caught lying about the turnout of his own rally. According to his own account, “thousands” of people were left outside of his rally because it was too packed. Reporters on the scene debunked this claim instantly. Trump says ""thousands and thousands of people"" are standing outside. I am outside. There are maybe 500 people. pic.twitter.com/qKRNQYqBid 
— Daniel Dale (@ddale8) November 5, 2016 
This is not to say that Democrats can get complacent. In the closing weeks of the election, the polls have become disturbingly close. RealClearPolitics puts Clinton only 1 point ahead of Trump in Florida. It’s clear that this race will be won or lost based on which side’s supporters get to the voting booth. For Clinton, it’s a good sign that Floridians are showing that they will come out for her rain or shine. 
Featured image via Twitter",0
5807,Justice Clarence Thomas Describes Washington DC As “Broken”,"WATCH: CNN Hack Humiliates Self, Tells Viewers U.S. Reps Are Term-Limited Already (They’re Not) 
That breakdown in communication in Washington is exactly what has fueled the rise of Trump . People are sick and tired of nothing getting done, at least nothing good, so they want a new leader who can actually accomplish great things. 
“I think that we have decided that rather than confront the disagreement and differences of opinion, we’ll just simply annihilate the person who disagrees with us,” Thomas said. 
Unfortunately he is exactly right. Both Republicans and Democrats are guilty of preferring to demonize their opponents rather than engaging in meaningful discussion.   
This sort of polarization doesn’t help America. All it does is increase the frustration the American people have with Congress when they see nothing happening for years. 
Trump has a history of making compromises and hammering out complex deals in the business world. Unlike Democrat nominee Hillary Clinton, Trump has a history of making things work. 
If Trump can bring about some real change in Washington, he can finally turn this country around. 
Share this on Facebook and Twitter and let us know if you think electing Trump will be enough to fix what is broken in our capitol.  ",0
5808,Multan a un ultrasur por lanzar a un jugador del Barça al campo durante el partido Madrid-Legia,"Multan a un ultrasur por lanzar a un jugador del Barça al campo durante el partido Madrid-Legia EL PARTIDO SE CONSIDERABA DE ALTO RIESGO PARA LOS JUGADORES DEL BARCELONA Real Madrid 
Un jugador barcelonista golpeó a varios jugadores durante el encuentro de la Champions que tuvo lugar ayer entre el Real Madrid y el Legia Varsovia después de ser arrojado desde la grada por un hincha madridista. 
El portero del Legia, muy molesto, intentó devolver el jugador a las gradas de una patada y se encaró con los Ultrasur, que ya preparaban a otro jugador para echarlo al campo y entorpecer el encuentro. En esta ocasión pretendían prenderlo con un mechero antes de lanzarlo al césped. 
Las autoridades han vuelto a pedir a los aficionados que dejen de lanzar cosas al campo como botellas, monedas y jugadores del Barcelona. El dispositivo de seguridad no puedo hacer nada por evitar que algunos hinchas introdujeran a jugadores barcelonistas a la grada, pues los llevaban camuflados dentro de bocadillos de gran tamaño. 
El partido pudo ser reanudado cuando el árbitro apartó a un rincón del césped al jugador barcelonista.",0
5809,Historian: European Civil War Within 30 Years,"Belgian historian David Engels claims a civil war will erupt in the next 30 years as he draws parallels between Europe and the fall of the Roman Republic. [“In 20 to 30 years Europe will have become an authoritarian or imperial state, after a phase resembling civil war and decay,” said Mr. Engels who is a historian at the Free University of Brussels. Engels has been predicting Europe would go down the path of authoritarianism since 2011, but the ongoing migrant crisis has added weight to his prior warnings, Kronen Zeitung reports.  “I expect a civil war, which will force a fundamental social and political reformation in Europe, whether we like it or not, following the example of the decaying Roman Republic in the first century BC,” he said. Convinced the fate of the European Union is heading toward its equivalent of Julius Caesar’s, the man perhaps most famous during the Roman civil wars who fought against his rival Pompey the Great, the historian said the parallels are “so massive, so obvious, and that has been the case for decades”. According to Engels, the factors that brought down the Roman Republic are present in Europe today. He listed many factors like family decay, individualism, the decline of traditional culture, globalisation, fundamentalism, and rampant crime. Significantly, he noted the split between an oligarch class, the Roman Senators or the current financial and political elite, and the rise of a populist movement that demanded to give the people a voice. In Europe, those populist voices take the shape of politicians like Geert Wilders in the Netherlands, Marine Le Pen in France, and others who the academic compared to populist Roman Senator Publius Clodius Pulcher. While the migrant crisis plays a part in his vision, Engels said it is not the only factor. “The present population movements are only one of the many symptoms of our present spirit, characterised by a strange mixture of cosmopolitanism,   calculus, materialism, and bad conscience,” he said. “I’m afraid of that, but it would be cowardly to close my eyes just because you do not want to see reality,” he said noting that he wasn’t in favour of civil war or authoritarianism. The civil war, which he says cannot be avoided, will likely not look like a traditional military conflict, he said, because European societies are not militarised. Rather, he said the civil war will look like the situation in Sweden where over 50   areas have formed or Brussels where suburbs like Molenbeek were able to hide Paris terrorist Salah Abdeslam from police for months. French academic and Islamic expert Gilles Kepel made a similar prediction last year saying that the rise of radical Islam among young Muslims in Europe could take the continent into a   civil conflict.",0
5810,"Putin Congratulates Trump, Says Russia Is Ready To Restore Relations With The US","1 Reply 
Tyler Durden – Perhaps the most beneficial outcome resulting from last night’s loss of the Clinton Clan, whose “charitable” donations from generous donors such as Saudi Arabia to the Clinton Foundation just ended, is that with Hillary not in charge, the probability of World War III has been taken off the table. 
This was confirmed early this morning, When Russian President Vladimir Putin – whose relations with the US and Barack Obama have deteriorated to Cold War levels – congratulated Donald Trump for his election victory on Wednesday, and said he expected relations between the Kremlin and Washington to improve. 
The Kremlin announced that Putin had sent a telegram to Trump on Wednesday morning expressing “ his hope they can work together toward the end of the crisis in Russian-American relations, as well address the pressing issues of the international agenda and the search for effective responses to global security challenges .” 
Additionally, speaking at the presentation ceremony of foreign ambassadors’ letters of credentials in Moscow, President Putin said that Russia is ready and looks forward to restoring bilateral relations with the United States, Russian President Vladimir Putin said, commenting on the news of Donald Trump’s victory in the US presidential election. 
“We heard Trump’s campaign rhetoric while still a candidate for the US presidency, which was focused on restoring the relations between Russia and the United States.” 
He added that “we understand and are aware that it will be a difficult path in the light of the degradation in which, unfortunately, the relationship between Russia and the US are at the moment.” 
Speaking about the degraded state of relations between the countries, the Russian president once again stressed that “it is not our fault that Russia-US relations are as you see them.” 
Other Russian politicians joined in. 
Russian State Duma Speaker Vyacheslav Volodin has also expressed hope that Trump’s victory in the presidential election will help pave the way for a more constructive dialogue between Moscow and Washington. 
“The current US-Russian relations cannot be called friendly. Hopefully, with the new US president a more constructive dialogue will be possible between our countries,” he said. “The Russian Parliament will welcome and support any steps in this direction,” Volodin added on Wednesday. 
Commenting on Donald Trump’s victory in the US presidential election, Russian Foreign Minister Sergey Lavrov said Russia will judge the new US administration by its actions and take appropriate steps in response. “We are ready to work with any US leader elected by the US people,” the minister said on Wednesday. 
“I can’t say that all the previous US leaders were always predictable. This is life, this is politics. I have heard many words but we will judge by actions.” 
Sergey Zheleznyak, member of Russian President Vladimir Putin’s United Russia party in parliament, hailed Trump’s “deserved victory” in a statement on the party’s website. 
“Despite all the intrigues and provocations that the current U.S. government put in front of Trump, people supported his intention to address the serious problems that have accumulated in America, and to move from confrontation to cooperation with Russia and the world, ” Zheleznyak said. “I hope that between now and [his] entry into office as the new president of the United States there will be no tragic events and the new U.S. administration will have enough political will and wisdom for civilized solutions to existing problems.” 
Russia’s second biggest party the Communist Party also issued a statement Wednesday morning, expressing hope for more cooperation and calling Trump’s win “astounding” and against the “elite clans” in the United States. The party leader was more lukewarm on the news, noting that U.S. imperialism was unlikely to change. 
Vladimir Zhirinovsky, the right-wing nationalist leader of the Liberal Democratic Party who has previously been nicknamed the Russian Donald Trump, called Clinton a “mindless old woman” and praised U.S. voters for “coming to their senses” after eight years of President Barack Obama, whom he referred to as “the Afro-American.” SF Source Zerohedge  ",0
5811,"Our Woman in New York: Donald Trump, Hillary Clinton and Bernie Sanders on Friendly Turf - The New York Times","Maggie Haberman, a New York Times political correspondent, has devoted her journalistic career to two irresistible subjects: politics and New York City. At age 7, her first byline appeared in The Daily News it has now been published in all three New York dailies. A native of the Upper West Side who lives in the Crown Heights section of Brooklyn, she has covered 10 election cycles, from mayoral contests to presidential campaigns, including the 2016 race, which turns to New York on Tuesday for its primary. Join us for live primary updates. There have been pickles and pizzas, jeering crowds and pushy   and dashes out to Coney Island for hot dogs alongside scruffy, bearded rock stars. Campaigns in New York feel at times like a movable feast, with candidates gorging on local specialties as they move along city sidewalks, shaking hands and trying to avoid dripping grease on their shirts. And this presidential race, which once seemed so distant, has taken on a distinctly New York character in the prelude to Tuesday’s primary, and not just in its greasy diet. The campaign has captivated   New Yorkers, drawing tens of thousands out of their homes from the South Bronx to Staten Island, to take in what this city relishes: a big show. “Do women like Trump?” Donald J. Trump asked two female fans wearing “Make America Great Again” ball caps on Sunday, as he posed for a picture with them on Staten Island. Mr. Trump, who is heavily favored here in Tuesday’s primary, was holding one of his few official campaign events in the city. And the two Trump fans, who said they could not reveal their names because it would imperil their jobs, were ready for the occasion. Mr. Trump smiled as he stood for the snapshot with them, quietly murmuring that the giddy women and another man who pushed himself into the photograph needed to pipe down a bit. No matter, they were very happy to have met the leading Republican candidate. “He let us know that he loves us, too,” one of the women gushed. Mr. Trump was greeted like a hometown hero on Staten Island. Outside the Hilton Garden Inn, where he was to give a speech, the line to get in snaked for over 50 yards in the parking lot. About 1, 000 people made it inside. Mr. Trump seemed thrilled to be in the borough, if a little fuzzy on its charms. Asked by a reporter to identify his favorite local pizza place, he responded that there are “a lot” of them. He had worked on Staten Island as a youngster for four summers, he told the assembled press corps  —   although, ever the salesman, he increased it to “probably five” summers by the time he spoke to the Staten Island crowd in the next room. His lowly job? Collecting coins from laundry machines at one of his father’s buildings. Watching Mr. Trump take the stage in that ballroom, with people standing on chairs to hear him, was a reminder of why he is doing so well in the Republican primary. The borough is an enclave of   voters, police officers and firefighters. And, setting aside his gilded towers and   airplane   Mr. Trump talks and sounds more like his   fans than the city’s last Republican mayor, Michael R. Bloomberg. I once watched Mr. Bloomberg draw cringes from a Staten Island crowd when he joked that he was the only politician present not to have a vowel at the end of his name. The battle for Brooklyn between Hillary Clinton and Senator Bernie Sanders of Vermont is intense, and Mrs. Clinton is counting on her deep support in the borough’s   neighborhoods to offset Mr. Sanders’s popularity among white liberals. At a block party in the   section on Sunday, she was praised by Representative James E. Clyburn, a   leader who traveled from his home state, South Carolina, for the occasion. There has not been an election in his lifetime, Mr. Clyburn told the crowd of about 200 people waiting in the hot sun, “that’s going to be more consequential than this one. ” Finally, Mrs. Clinton arrived and climbed the steps up to the bed of a red pickup truck that was being used as a stage. “Hello Brooklyn in the house, and on the street!” Mrs. Clinton called out to the crowd. The former secretary of state is comfortably ahead in the polls here, and she seems to be enjoying hopscotching around the state she represented for eight years in the Senate. But for all the warmhearted reminiscences, Mrs. Clinton has something to fear from Mr. Sanders on Tuesday. Around the time she visited   thousands gathered for a rally for Mr. Sanders in Prospect Park, the pristine patch of green wedged between   Crown Heights and upscale Park Slope. The actor Danny DeVito led the cheerful crowd in chants of “Bernie! Bernie!” and someone handed out copies of a fake newspaper with a banner headline reading “A Vote for Hillary Clinton Is a Vote for Donald Trump. ” The Sanders campaign said the crowd reached 28, 300, a record for its rallies. If you live here and have yet to see a candidate, you still have time. While the Republicans hold events on Monday in Maryland, Western New York and upstate (Gov. John R. Kasich of Ohio will visit Schenectady, the city most likely to be misspelled by reporters) the Democrats are around. Mr. Sanders will hold a rally at Hunters Point South Park in Queens on Monday evening, for which doors open at 5 p. m. And Mrs. Clinton will address one of her core constituencies  —   women  —   at the New York Hilton Midtown. Doors open at noon.",0
5812,"Donald Trump, Hillary Clinton, Federal Reserve: Your Friday Evening Briefing - The New York Times","(Want to get this briefing by email? Here’s the  .) Good evening. Here’s the latest. 1. A decision made by General Motors years ago to save a few dollars per airbag may have led to the widespread use of the faulty Takata technology that has been blamed in the deaths of 14 people and become the subject of the auto industry’s largest recall. A Times investigation revealed that the automaker switched its supplier to Takata despite signs that ammonium nitrate, a compound used in its devices, was unsafe. Takata continues to manufacture airbags with the compound  —   and automakers continue to buy them. ______ 2. Hillary Clinton’s speech on Thursday found an unusual audience cheering it on: the “ ” crowd that she denounced in her remarks. Though Donald J. Trump has publicly kept his distance from the   her attack on him for fanning the flames of racism embraced by the community was celebrated by its leaders, who did their best to capitalize on the moment. And in Youngstown, Ohio, above,  —   a   Midwestern stronghold  —   residents are wrestling with whether a Manhattan billionaire can revitalize a struggling Rust Belt town. ______ 3. One of our most read stories examines the ultraconservative strain of Islam known as Wahhabism that is taught in Saudi Arabia, and its effect on Muslim communities around the world. The wealthy nation has spent lavishly on religious outreach for half a century, spreading a view of Islam that many believe has helped to fuel global extremism. Yet Saudi leaders seek good relations with the West and see jihadist violence as a menace. “I’d be careful about blaming the Saudis,” said a former U. S. ambassador to Syria and Algeria. ______ 4. France’s highest administrative court has overturned a town’s ban on   burkinis, the   swimwear used by some Muslim women. The ruling applies only to   above, a seaside resort of about 14, 000, but means that bans enacted by other municipalities  —   there are at least 30 of them  —   could be similarly struck down if challenged in court. ______ 5. The U. S. Open begins Monday in New York, and much attention will be focused on whether the era of the Big Four in the men’s game is over. Roger Federer won’t be playing, Rafael Nadal is often coping with injuries and Novak Djokovic lost at Wimbledon. That leaves Andy Murray as the last of the establishment vanguard. One of our contributors lists some    picks to keep an eye on in both the men’s and women’s fields. ______ 6. It’s likely that the Federal Reserve will raise its benchmark interest rate in the coming months, Janet L. Yellen, above, the Fed chairwoman, said during an annual policy conference. Gains in the job market and the economic outlook have strengthened the case for a rate increase, she said, but analysts think an increase won’t happen before December. ______ 7. America’s new pharmaceutical villain is defending herself and her company from scrutiny over a sharp price increase on the lifesaving EpiPen. “I am running a business. I am a   business. I am not hiding from that,” said Heather Bresch, whose total compensation at Mylan has gone from about $2. 5 million to nearly $19 million during the same time the EpiPen’s price has risen fourfold. But Ms. Bresch moved quickly to reduce the    cost to patients after a public furor over the price increase, though the list price remains at about $600. ______ 8. Frank Ocean’s album release last weekend is delighting fans but also highlighting the tension between artists, record companies and streaming services. Mr. Ocean, above, apparently was able to cut his record company out of the profits for one of the year’s   albums by releasing “Blonde” a day after fulfilling his contractual agreement to the company with a separate “visual album. ” And Kanye West also made waves in the music world with the opening night of his “Saint Pablo” tour, performing the entire show on Thursday from floating platforms instead of a formal stage. ______ 9. Like others before them, they moved to the United States from Italy and made a life for themselves in New York City. And now, many appear to be moving to the suburbs. But these residents are different: They are lizards. A biologist is studying the Italian wall lizard, above, to learn how it’s adapted to a colder and more crowded environment. They appear to be following conventional routes out of the city: the   train tracks. ______ Your Evening Briefing is posted at 6 p. m. Eastern. And don’t miss Your Morning Briefing, posted weekdays at 6 a. m. Eastern, and Your Weekend Briefing, posted at 6 a. m. Sundays. Want to look back? Here’s last night’s briefing. What did you like? What do you want to see here? Let us know at briefing@nytimes. com.",0
5813,NBC Cites Fraudulent Holocaust Organization in Smear on Gorka - Breitbart,"NBC News launched the latest in a series of failed attempts to link Dr. Sebastian Gorka  —   the philosemitic,   deputy foreign policy adviser to President Donald Trump  —   to the     on Saturday. [As with all such previous attempts, NBC found nothing to prove any extremist ideas or views on the part of Dr. Gorka. And as with all such previous slanders, NBC relied on fraud  —   this time, in the form of the phony “Anne Frank Center. ”  The full name of the bogus front organization is the “Anne Frank Center for Mutual Respect”  —   an ironic title, given that it is a   Democratic Party attack machine that shows no respect for anyone else whatsover. The   “civil rights activist” who leads it, Steven Goldstein, is an LGBT activist who has beclowned himself on cable news over the past few months in his efforts to tarnish President Trump as the second coming of Adolf Hitler. Breitbart Jerusalem editor Aaron Klein exposed Goldstein and his organization in February. Goldstein is no Holocaust expert: he is merely an ardent Hillary Clinton supporter who found a ready audience for his political schtick among a gullible press corps eager for ammunition in their war against the White House. He has no qualms about exploiting the name and memory of Anne Frank for his purely partisan purposes. It is Holocaust desecration, if not outright denial. Among many embarrassing moments for Goldstein and the Anne Frank Center, none was worse than last month’s revelation that the barrage of antisemitic bomb threats against Jewish Community Centers had been carried out by a black liberal journalist and a Jewish teenager in Israel. Rather than apologize for vomiting forth false accusations of hatred against the White House, Goldstein, reacting to the news, still managed to blame the Trump administration. And yet it is the Anne Frank Center to which NBC News, lacking any other proof for its baseless claims, turned for help in condemning Gorka. Goldstein’s operation did not disappoint: “How many ducks in the Trump White House must walk, talk and quack   before our country wakes up and sees the greater problem?” the Center said in a statement to NBC. Never mind that all such accusations are entirely without merit: Goldstein  Co. repeat the lies. The rest of the NBC News report was devoted to collecting statements from Hungarian villagers who claim to recall Gorka’s father’s membership in, and Gorka’s sympathy for, a version of the Vitezi Rend order that was anticommunist and had nothing to do with the Second World War organization of the same name. NBC News was forced to admit that after sending investigative journalists halfway around the world, it was “unable to confirm” Gorka’s membership. Cue the Anne Frank Center, there to add its emotive name and bilious innuendo to the heap of false accusations. Yet as Bruce Abramson and Jeff Ballabon noted at the Jerusalem Post last month, the Gorka family protected Jews during the Second World War. Gorka senior went on to fight Soviet communism  —   which, notably, suppressed the Jewish faith and encouraged   fanaticism. For that, he was awarded, in exile, the Vitezi Rend medal his son wore in tribute. Dr. Gorka, a former Breitbart News editor, worked for this company for years  —   under the management of Jews, alongside many Jewish colleagues, and with favorable views toward the Jewish community and the Jewish state. It is clear that liberal media outlets like NBC and   fronts like the bogus “Anne Frank Center” are just attacking him as a way to undermine Trump. Their partisanship is obvious they could, at least, make the fraud a little less obvious. Joel B. Pollak is Senior    at Breitbart News. He was named one of the “most influential” people in news media in 2016. His new book, How Trump Won: The Inside Story of a Revolution, is available from Regnery. Follow him on Twitter at @joelpollak.",0
5814,"Santiago Calatrava diseña una lápida gigantesca, blanca y con pinchos para Rita Barberá | El Mundo Today","Santiago Calatrava diseña una lápida gigantesca, blanca y con pinchos para Rita Barberá LA POLÍTICA MANTENDRÁ SU PUESTO EN EL SENADO Valencia 
Sólo unas horas después de anunciarse la muerte de Rita Barberá, el arquitecto valenciano Santiago Calatrava ha informado de que ha diseñado una lápida de proporciones gigantescas, blanca y con pinchos para la que fuera alcaldesa de Valencia. “Son unas pirámides a la valenciana, con pinchos y que se caen, un gran monumento”, ha explicado el arquitecto por teléfono. 
La lápida está situada sobre un pequeño edificio horizontal y se compone de una enorme pared adornada con tubos de aluminio pintados en blanco, de 100 metros de altura por 250 de longitud, a cinco metros del suelo y con movimiento oscilante. “Dispone de diversos pasillos interiores, con trampas y cámaras para enterrar pruebas de la trama Gürtel”, ha explicado Calatrava sin detallar los planos ni los costes. 
“En algún momento se derrumbará, por lo que se convertirá en un homenaje aún más sentido”, ha insistido. El arquitecto espera que el monumento funerario se financie ilegalmente “porque es lo que ella habría querido”. 
“Rita Barberá murió haciendo lo que más le gustaba, evadir la justicia, porque siempre fue una persona coherente con sus principios y con los de este partido”, ha declarado Mariano Rajoy. 
Aunque se lleve adelante la construcción de la lápida de 100 metros de altura, la política valenciana no será enterrada para evitar malversación de fondos, “que es algo a lo que ella se opondría”, sino que mantendrá su puesto en el Senado indefinidamente. ",0
5815,"Bird Song, Sirens and Saxophones for a Stroll Between Museums - The New York Times","It was with some trepidation that I set out last week to try “Soundwalk 9:09,” a piece the Metropolitan Museum of Art commissioned from John Luther Adams, the Pulitzer   composer. Composed of sounds recorded in the area, the work is intended for people to listen to on their smartphones as they make the   walk between the museum’s mother ship, on Fifth Avenue, and its new outpost, the Met Breuer, in the old Whitney building on Madison Avenue. What if I did it wrong? The piece lasts nine minutes and nine seconds, because that’s how long it took Mr. Adams to make the trek. But he’s an avid runner. So should I   and risk arriving at the Breuer before it was over  —   or take my time but possibly run out of music too soon? Then there was a conundrum that I sadly agonize over with even the shortest, most routine of journeys: what route to take. This time, though, each choice really would matter: Listening to the piece on leafy Fifth Avenue, beside Central Park, would offer a very different experience from listening among the elegant jewelers and boutiques and eateries on Madison. Finally, I had to get over my longstanding aversion to wearing earphones while out and about in the city. As a lifelong New Yorker, I’ve never liked being taken out of my surroundings, preferring to rely on auditory cues for advance warning in case, say, a taxi were to jump the curb, or a street scuffle were to break out nearby, or the branch of an elm were to crack. But I was reassured by the composer himself, who wrote on the Met’s website that “these pieces are not complete until you are present  —   listening, walking your own route and creating your own unique mix with the sounds you encounter. ” So, not sure of what I was in for, I downloaded “Soundwalk” on the steps of the Met,   my wingtips and hit “play. ” The sound coming through my earbuds could have been tinkling wind chimes, followed by what reminded me of something I had as a kid, an old corrugated plastic tube that howled a ghostly, breathy high pitch when swung in circles. The sound bleeding in from the street? The theme music from “Rocky,” segueing into “If You’re Happy and You Know It,” played by a saxophonist seeking tips from the crowd on the museum steps. The live and recorded music blended so eerily that you could easily imagine Mr. Adams’s having scored his opening as a backing for the buskers. As I walked through the   atmosphere in front of the museum, a whole battery of noises came pouring in from the outside, soloing over Mr. Adams’s atmospherics: the splashing of the Met’s new fountains tour bus operators’ pushing tickets snippets of conversation in at least four languages hawkers of prints, magnets (“Six for $10! ”)    portraits. Food vendors, it turns out, favor repeated, rhythmic triplets: “Water for one dollar, one dollar, one dollar” was followed just steps later by an offer of “Cashew nut, cashew nut, cashew nut. ” Hearing the jumble of serendipitous noises fuse into something musical suddenly called to mind another work: John Cage’s infamous “4’33”. ” When I first heard about that piece  —   in which performers play nothing at all for four minutes and 33 seconds  —   it struck me as an elaborate     prank. But I came to be intrigued by Cage’s explanations of it, as when he wrote to a critic that it was not silent, but rather “full of sound, but sounds which I did not think of beforehand, which I hear for the first time the same time others hear. ” As I heard the improvised fugue of the Met’s street vendors, his idea began to make sense. The “Soundwalk” was the brainchild of Limor Tomer, the museum’s general manager of concerts and lectures, who was interested in linking the two buildings: one an established outpost, the other a   part of the Met franchise. The Met established a partnership with Q2, WQXR’s online station for contemporary classical music, which invited its listeners to record the sounds Mr. Adams used in the piece and then offered downloads of the finished product from its website. The Met said it could not say how many people had downloaded the work. For my excursion, since this was a piece by Mr. Adams  —   who lived for decades in Alaska, where he was an environmental activist as well as a composer, and whose Pulitzer   composition, “Become Ocean,” was inspired partly by his concerns about climate change  —   Fifth Avenue, under the green canopy of Central Park’s stately trees, seemed like far and away the best route. But the sounds inside and outside my earbuds made it clear that this was no nature preserve. The brakes of an M4 bus squeaked. Food cart generators rattled. Wait, was that siren real or recorded? (Recorded.) Squeals came from children in the park, playing what must have been disorganized sports in fields where signs warned, “No organized sports allowed. ” A   stand became an elaborate percussion instrument, with the staccato paradiddle of metal tongs clanging open the metal bin where the buns were kept, slamming it shut and then repeating the pattern on the metal bin where the franks were cooking. Then another siren, real this time. Turning east on 76th Street, I was distracted by some chirping sparrows, which sounded like some birds on the recording, and by a motorcyclist, when I was jolted out of my reverie. “This marble tombstone marked the resting place of one Abu Bakr ibn Ibrahim,” a woman was saying. I’d been too slow, and the Adams piece, which I had downloaded on Soundcloud, had been followed seamlessly by a track about one of the Met’s exhibitions. But even after I reached the Breuer, on Madison Avenue near 75th Street, I was not done. Mr. Adams, after all, had made two different versions of “Soundwalk,” one for people walking downtown, and one for people heading uptown. And since I don’t like to do things by half measures  —   why go to “Die Walküre” when you could see a whole “Ring” cycle?  —   I wanted to try both. Call it “Soundwalk 18:18. ” This time I’d stay on Madison and pick up the pace. As Mr. Adams’s otherworldly sounds began, they were punctuated almost immediately by a blaring car horn, from a black Mercedes   outside Travers Fine Jewelers. Then came a chorus of resonant express bus motors, doors being slammed shut by chauffeurs, workmen crumpling up the wrappers of their lunches as they sat on overturned   buckets, and kids eating ice cream outside E. A. T. But I didn’t slow down to savor it. I turned west on 81st Street, just before getting to the Frank E. Campbell Funeral Chapel, and ignored a rather quiet fashion shoot that was going on. I reached the Met, where I could hear the faint sound of a sax, just as the “Soundwalk” ended  —   nine minutes and nine seconds later.",0
5816,Clinton Foundation Operates as Giant Slush Fund for Buying Influence,"Leave a reply 
WASHINGTON (Sputnik) — Charles Ortel is a veteran Wall Street investment analyst who has carried out major studies into the operation of the Clinton Foundation and its legal status, and runs a blog monitoring its activities. Ortel was the whistleblower that blew the lid off the General Electric financial discrepancies in 2008. “The Clinton Foundation has been a gigantic slush fund,” Ortel said. “People can donate relatively small sums to the Clinton regime and get gigantic concessions worth hundreds of millions or even billions of dollars back.” 
During the four years that Hillary Clinton was secretary of state, hundreds of millions of dollars flowed into the Clinton Foundation from governments around the world, many of which then enjoyed favored treatment from the US State Department, Ortel noted. “To the world at large, the Clintons are open for business,” he stated. 
The US corporate media always refused to subject the Clinton Foundation to any kind of serious or skeptical coverage, in part because of fear of alienating the Clintons, Ortel explained. 
“This is such a big story that the US press is not doing its job. What we have in ‘Clinton Incorporated,’ is Tammany Hall on steroids,” he said. 
Tammany Hall was the corrupt Democratic political organization that ran New York City for most of a century after the 1861-65 Civil War. “If you are in the US press, you have got to have access to the president of the United States and the federal government… I have little confidence that the US media would do the work necessary in investigating the workings of the Clinton Foundation as our media is in thrall to the Clintons,” Ortel added. 
Ortel maintained that the operations of the Clinton Foundation and the actions of Hillary Clinton as Obama’s first secretary of state from 2009 to 2013 needed to be understood as part of a long-term master plan to regain and exercise political power by the Clinton family. “The Clintons put together a long-term plan decades ago. They were already planning when Bill Clinton stepped down at the end of his second term that Hillary would run for president and eventually Chelsea will too,” he said. 
Ortel welcomed the decision of FBI Director James Comey to reopen the federal probe into Hillary Clinton’s use of private server for official business while secretary of state, and said the manner in which it had been done suggested the federal investigators believed they would find important revelations. 
“To reopen an investigation is a massive decision so there must be a massive set of reasons for doing so. If it were a small matter, they would have waited until after the presidential election. It is also significant that this decision was announced publicly,” Ortel noted. An FBI investigation proceeds very carefully and methodically, and is thorough and sweeping. Therefore, Comey’s decision to reopen the emails probe was a very serious decision, Ortel pointed out. “To then reopen an investigation 11 days before a presidential election involving a major candidate and their family is virtually unprecedented,” he said.",0
5817,REVEALED: Hillary Sat on Sex Misconduct Allegations Against Trump for MONTHS,"LISTEN: GOP Insider Reveals Truth About Who’s REALLY Behind Republican Civil War 
“And one of the worst things he said was about a woman in a beauty contest,” Clinton said. “He loves beauty contests, supporting them and hanging around them. And he called this woman ‘Miss Piggy.’ Then he called her ‘Miss Housekeeping,’ because she was Latina. Donald, she has a name.” 
Clinton wanted women to think she was standing up for this beauty queen — and all other women — by bringing this to voters’ attention. The truth was that the former secretary of state had known about the issue since at least Dec. 2015 but said nothing about it until the timing suited her own interests. 
In fact, a 157-page opposition research file was emailed to Clinton’s campaign chairman John Podesta by her campaign’s research director Tony Carrk.   
Along with information about Trump, the file contained research files on Texas Sen. Ted Cruz and Florida Sen. Marco Rubio, two of Trump’s main rivals in the GOP primaries. 
Podesta’s emails were among those hacked by WikiLeaks, and more than 25,000 of them have been released so far by the group. 
We cannot allow Clinton to convince people that she is the candidate for women’s issues, or even looking out for women’s — or anyone else’s — best interests. 
The fact is that she cares about one thing — winning, at all costs.  ",0
5818,BREAKING: Clinton Fixer Reveals Sick Smear Hillary Ordered Against Monica,"BREAKING: Smoking Gun! Shock “Clean Up” Order White House Gave When Hillary Emails Broke 
That action left Rovin feeling particularly guilty. He told host Sean Hannity that he finally got to apologize to Lewinsky in person after a coincidence made them neighbors. 
Rovin also said that Hillary Clinton had an affair with longtime ally and lawyer Vince Foster that lasted for years. Foster was found dead in what police said was a suicide, but speculation has always been that he was murdered. 
Part of Rovin’s “fixer” responsibilities included helping scrub Foster’s office after his death. He also said he was ordered to distract the media while Team Clinton rummaged through Foster’s office.   
Foster also said he hired Jerry Parks, an Arkansas investigator, to spy on Bill because Hillary was worried about Bill’s exploits with so many “sluts” and how that could hurt their political careers. 
Two months after Foster was found dead, Parks was found shot nine times at a stoplight in his SUV in Little Rock, Arkansas. Rovin said Parks had to die because he knew everything. 
Rovin also said he was told to keep stories quiet in one of two ways: “by trading access to the Clintons for ‘positive’ interviews or by paying the reporters.” 
Rovin also told Hannity that the “endless attention” to the alleged indiscretions of GOP presidential nominee Donald Trump was what forced him to go public now.  ",0
5819,Life: Finding Common Ground: This White Man And This Muslim Woman Both Have ‘Trump’ Painted On Their Garages,"Email 
Get ready for the most heartwarming story you’ll read all day. 
If you met Paul Langdon or Ayesha Qamar on the street, you might think they have nothing in common. Paul is a retired firefighter, Ayesha is a law student. Paul has lived in the same suburb of Columbus for his entire life, Ayesha immigrated to Ohio from Pakistan when she was a teen. Paul is a devout Christian, Ayesha is Muslim. But if you dig a little deeper, you’ll find that they share a common bond: Both Paul and Ayesha have ‘Trump’ painted on their garages! 
Beautiful! Take a look at the side-by-side pictures above to see just how similar these two really are. 
When Donald Trump announced his campaign last summer, Paul knew he wanted to show his support by painting a large sign of the candidate’s name on his garage door. But Paul probably never would have guessed that one year later, just a few towns over from him, Ayesha’s own garage would be painted with literally the exact same word! Paul and Ayesha may be from totally different walks of life, but when it comes to the name currently painted on their garages, these two have more in common than they ever could have imagined. 
At the end of the day, it doesn’t matter whether their skin is white or brown. It doesn’t matter whether they worship God or Allah. And it doesn’t matter whether the word ‘Trump’ has been carefully lettered or hastily scrawled across the garage in brusque spray paint. All that matters is the commonality they share in having the word ‘Trump’ painted on their homes for the entire neighborhood to see. 
Amazing! It just goes to show, you should never judge a book by its cover. 
At a time when our country feels so divided, stories like this one give us hope for humanity. On the surface, Paul and Ayesha couldn’t be more different, but the messages painted or spray-painted across their garages are one in the same. What an amazing reminder that we’re not so different after all!",0
5820,Delingpole: Manchurian Candidate Macron Is France’s Obama,"If you want to know the likely result of next month’s French presidential election run off, just look at how the markets responded. The euro and the French markets both jumped dramatically. [And this has nothing to do with the underlying strength of the sclerotic, unionised, statist, overtaxed, unproductive French economy or, indeed, with the future of the doomed euro.  It was simply a case of the status quo breathing a sigh of relief that it was going to be business as usual, after all: Emmanuel Macron, the de facto Establishment candidate is now pretty much a   for the French presidency his rival, Marine Le Pen doesn’t stand a prayer  —   of that the Establishment will make sure. But Brexit. But Donald Trump  …     Nope: I’m afraid those arguments just don’t wash in this case. Yes, it’s true the world is in the throes of a revolution in which the globalist elite is gradually being overthrown by populist, nationalist rebels. But it won’t happen yet in France  —   a country whose political system has more in common with Putin’s Russia or Erdoğan’s Turkey or some African hellhole with a    than it does with liberal democracies. That is, Emmanuel Macron is going to win this presidency because it was decided long ago by France’s Establishment that he was the   option of the candidates available. The fact that he is a hollow man  —   a slippery,    with a winning smile and nice suits  —   who will do almost nothing seriously to address France’s massive social and economic problems is a help, not a hindrance. Emmanuel Macron is the   French Establishment’s Manchurian Candidate. He attended one of France’s most elite schools where he was trained in Civil Service, graduating in 2004. His biography states that in 2007, he served as deputy rapporteur for the Commission to improve French growth headed by Jacques Attali, Macron was 29. But the Commission wasn’t formed until 2008.  Obviously he is a bit ‘math challenged’.  The  Commission report was heavily criticized for its proposal to ‘relaunch immigration’ and ‘open borders’  …     Attali was ridiculed and called a ‘globalist’. Sound like anyone we know? Macron left the Commission, which was shelved September 2010, to work for Rothschilds  Cie Banque where he became an overnight millionaire while working the Nestle acquisition of Pfizer’s nutritional outlet, which closed in 2012.   Nestle is a client of Rothschilds.  Macron had no experience in acquisitions and mergers whatsoever  …     What does one do when one makes millions overnight?  Apparently one quits.   He then left Rothschilds to work for Hollande as deputy secretary general of Elysee, and eventually Minister of Economy, Industry and Digital Data in 2014 where he served 18 months before running for Presidency. I’d call that a pretty fast paced runup with little to no political experience or business savvy. Indeed. Reports that Macron is a breath of fresh air who will transform French politics could hardly be further from the truth. Macron is an énarque  —   liberal elite    the living embodiment of the French Deep State. So how has this apparently isolated and underfunded individual managed all this in such a short time? It is clear that Macron has powerful supporters behind the scenes, and a clue may lie in the   fact that some years ago he was identified as a member of ‘les Gracques’  —   a discreet   pressure group loosely staffed by influential chief executives and civil service mandarins. They are   socialists who long ago gave up on the Socialist party. Many are fellow ‘énarques’ (graduates of ENA) and every step of Macron’s career could have been directed by them. Spotted as a brilliant and charming student, Macron could first have been launched into the prestigious state Finance Inspectorate, then switched into Rothschild to gain business experience (and wealthy support) and then placed like a time bomb in Hollande’s outer office, where he ticked away until he could be moved into the heart of the Valls government. Last August he finally exploded into action at the perfect moment to cause maximum damage to Hollande, Valls and the entire Socialist presidential election campaign. Macron’s rise bears all the hallmarks of a classic ENA undercover operation, a fundamental part of the énarques’    and one in which the country’s leading bureaucrats are cynically trained. Like Obama, he got where is because the System arranged it that way. Consider, for example, how ruthlessly the best of the Presidential candidates  —   the Thatcherite François Fillon  —   was destroyed by an unwholesome alliance of the government Deep State and the judiciary. Days after winning the Republican party primary, François Fillon, once Macron’s most dangerous potential opponent, was put under investigation for having put his wife and children on the payroll of the state, with little evidence that they did much if any work. The evidence against Fillon appears to have come directly from a secretive cell within the Finance Ministry, a Cabinet Noir, with access to the tax returns of both Fillon and his Welsh wife, Penelope. These documents found their way to the investigating magistrates, who pounced. Only the naive can imagine that the magistrates are unmotivated by their political sympathies, especially after it was revealed that their union had compiled an enemies list of right wing politicians targeted for prosecution, and had even posted their pictures on the wall of their Paris headquarters. While many French  —   and pretty much all the global commentariat  —   appear to have made up their minds that they have just dodged a bullet because they are not, after all, going to end up with a Presidency in the hands of the “far right” they really have very little to celebrate. All France has done is to guarantee the election of a   caretaker president  —   Continuation Hollande  —   who will ensure that France’s ongoing decline will continue unabated. Its industries will stagnate its social unrest will intensify ever greater numbers of its citizenry will be murdered in homegrown terrorist attacks its economy will tank the country that was once arguably the most civilised and beautiful and sophisticated in all the world will descend ever deeper into chaos, ugliness, and despair. Salut, President Macron. Adieu, la France.",0
5821,Poll: 41 percent of voters say election could be ‘stolen’,"Email 
The Politico/Morning Consult Poll finds that 41 percent of voters think widespread voter fraud could cause the GOP nominee to lose the election. Amid Trump's increased warnings about a ""rigged election,"" 73 percent of Republicans think the election could be stolen from him, compared to 17 percent of Democrats. 
Over the past week, Trump has cast doubt on the American electoral system, saying he believes the results will be ""rigged"" at many polling places. 
""The election is absolutely being rigged by the dishonest and distorted media pushing Crooked Hillary — but also at many polling places — SAD,"" Trump wrote on Twitter Sunday. 
Trump has also encouraged supporters to keep an eye on voting locations to prevent fraud, which some say is a ploy to intimidate voters. 
Trump is trailing Democratic nominee Hillary Clinton in the polls following sexual assault and harassment allegations from multiple women. 
The Politico/Morning Consult poll showed Clinton leading Trump by 5 points, 46 to 41 percent. 
In a RealClearPolitics polling average, Clinton leads Trump by 5.5 points, 47.7 to 42.2 percent. 
While Speaker Paul Ryan (R-Wis.) and even Trump's running mate, Indiana Gov. Mike Pence, have tried to reassure the electorate about the reliability of the election system, the poll released Monday found 60 percent of Americans think it is necessary to question the accuracy of the election results. 
The poll was conducted among 1,999 registered voters Oct. 13–15 and has a margin of error of 2 percentage points.",0
5822,Trump Releases New TV Ad that Uses Anthony Weiner to Put Clinton on Full Blast (VIDEO),"A candidate under FBI investigation? Check.
A candidate who may have let top secret/classified emails land on the laptop of disgraced former Democrat Congressman Anthony Weiner’s laptop? Check.
A Republican campaign willing to wrap it all up in a brutal final weekend TV ad for battleground states? Check.
This is gonna leave a mark.

",0
5823,Parents Navigate Tears and Cheers as Kids React to Election - The New York Times,"In the Roethle household in Leawood, Kan. the children woke up on Wednesday to a family celebration. Donald J. Trump was the new president. But the excitement came with an admonition “to be a good winner” and not to gloat about his win at school. “Kindness is the No. 1 thing in our house,” said Alana Roethle, 37, a mother of four children ranging in age from 4 to 9. “We were talking about this in the morning, that we love everybody, even if they don’t share our political views, even if they don’t love Jesus. ” The   morning was different for Amber Karamat, 47, of Anaheim, Calif. Her      son was devastated by the news. “Will Trump still let me be an American?” he asked his mom, who cried as she recounted the story. “I feel helpless. I said, ‘No one can take that away from you, sweetie. You were born an American. ’” Perhaps more than any other election in recent memory, the Trump versus Clinton campaign was a family affair. Girls donned “The Future is Female”   and canvassed neighborhoods with their mothers to support Hillary. Parents supporting Trump imagined a better economic future for their children, and talked to them about gun rights and safe borders. Often, the election news cycle forced parents to navigate tricky topics like bullying, profanity and sexual harassment. A   Clinton ad reminded us “Our children are watching. ” And now, in the days after the election, parents on both sides of the vote struggle to put the bitter election fight into perspective and find teachable moments in the sometimes unpleasant aftermath. Amber Deyle, 37, of Emmons, Minn. and her husband, Dan, watched the election results roll in with their two sons, ages 6 and 10. “We were really excited,” she said, noting gun rights as a critical issue. “Hunting is important to our family. Not only were we raised on it, but it helps us teach our children where food comes from. ” But she and her husband had some hard conversations with their boys about Mr. Trump, she added, “because of some of the things he had said about women and minorities and things like that. But at the same time, we also had to explain to our children what Benghazi was. ” Daniel Roberts, a    father of two daughters in Montclair, N. J. and a Clinton supporter, took his younger daughter, 10, to vote with him. Mr. Roberts, a high school football coach and a patient navigator at a hospital, is black and his wife is white, and their daughters are biracial. After the results came in, his younger daughter was upset that a woman didn’t win and worried about the racist sentiments she’d been hearing. “My wife and I talked about it a lot and told her to keep aiming high, and reach for the stars. ” His older daughter, 14, was not so easily comforted. “My daughter wants to be a doctor. She’s a smart girl, and she knows it’s a tough field. She understands that she’s already starting one step behind as a woman. ” Mr. Roberts said he’d never seen her so dejected. “Seeing her mood after the election, the dad in me came out and I felt for her. It almost made me cry. ” Parents on both sides of the election say the result has triggered conversations at home that are equally focused on civics and history as well as values and acceptance. Carrie Chavis, a    mother in Austin, Tex. voted for Mrs. Clinton, but most of her neighborhood voted for Mr. Trump. Her sons expressed disbelief when Ms. Chavis told them that Mr. Trump had won the election. Her oldest son was taunted at school when classmates learned he supported Mrs. Clinton. But even though Ms. Chavis is sad about the result, she used the moment to remind her sons about the value of democracy. “I told them that we are so lucky that we get to vote for who we want as president, and we should be so thankful,” she said. In Pelham, N. Y. Cherie Corso, a Trump supporter, had similar conversations with her    daughter, Julia, who helped her volunteer for the Trump campaign and cried with happiness when he won. But she also struggled at school, where most of the other students supported Mrs. Clinton. “She’s been getting backlash,” Ms. Corso said. “My advice to her is, ‘He’s the winner, O. K.? He won, the people have spoken, you don’t have to defend Donald Trump, you don’t have to say anything. ’” Julia said most Trump supporters at her school don’t admit it. “Everybody whispers,” she said. “If I say something about how he’s not that bad, people yell at me. I don’t blame them because it’s something they feel passionately about. ” Jason Benedict, 46, a registered Republican and the father of a boy in elementary school in Scotch Plains, N. J. voted for a   candidate. He reminded his son “to be kind to his friends who may be upset by this decision. ” “No matter who the president is, what’s really important is that he try his hardest every day to be nice to people, be helpful, and that everyone is entitled to their own life and opinions,” he said. Valerie Kummer, 32, a Republican from Watford City, N. D. watched her children leave for school on Tuesday morning chanting “Trump” because they were excited to cast their ballots in the school’s mock election. Ms. Kummer said she reminded them throughout the campaign “about loving other people and loving differences. ” For the first time in his life, Ben Goldstein, 39, a rabbi and father of three young children in Los Angeles, voted for a Democrat for president. The first thing his    daughter asked him when she woke up on Wednesday was, who won the election? “I told her that Donald Trump won and explained that we live in an amazing country where people disagree and get to decide who is president. I told her that I hope he does such a great job that I end up voting for him in four years,” he said. His daughter seemed to accept that explanation, but Rabbi Goldstein is concerned about the damage the divisive campaign has already done. “Instead of vilifying him and all his followers, we can take this opportunity to look in the mirror and see how we contributed to the rhetoric of the past few years. How do we treat those with whom we disagree? What do we do with their arguments?” he said. In some families, children disagreed with their parents’ choice for president. Elise Breth, a    mother of two in Orlando, Fla. is a Trump supporter, as is her    son. But her    daughter supported Mrs. Clinton. She “thought Hillary hung the moon because she’s female, and that’s who her friends at school were supporting,” Ms. Breth said. “Even though I support most of Trump’s policies, I am proud of my daughter for recognizing that a strong, independent woman can be anything she wants to be. ”",0
5824,Marine Le Pen Denies French Guilt for Rounding Up Jews - The New York Times,"PARIS  —   A casual remark about France’s wartime   actions by Marine Le Pen, the leader of the   National Front, threatened on Monday to derail her yearslong effort aimed at “ ” her party just as she is emerging as a strong contender in this month’s presidential election. The remark was made on Sunday during an interview in which she referred to the most notorious roundup of Jews in France during World War II, when nearly 13, 000 were arrested in Paris by the French police on July 16 and 17, 1942, in what is known as the “Vel d’Hiv roundup. ” “France wasn’t responsible for the Vel d’Hiv,” she said. “If there was responsibility, it is with those who were in power at the time, it is not with France. France has been mistreated, in people’s minds, for years. ” Ms. Le Pen’s words created a small eruption in an already heated campaign, drawing strong criticism by politicians right, left and center and by Jewish groups, who all saw it as an echo of her party’s   roots. In addition, the remark contradicted over 20 years of state policy, which has been to recognize French responsibility for the roundup, in which thousands of men, women and children were rousted from their homes by French police officers, parked in a stinking overcrowded sports arena in Paris  —   the Vélodrome d’Hiver, which has since been destroyed  —   and eventually deported to their deaths in concentration camps. Ms. Le Pen’s words also flew in the face of over four decades of historical research into the eager collaboration of the wartime French government, which had been installed in the spa town of Vichy. It was the French government’s police chief, René Bousquet  —   a favorite of the head of the government at the time  —   who organized the roundup, impressing his German counterparts with his energy. “Vichy did not have a knife to its throat,” the historian Philippe Burrin wrote of the Vel d’Hiv roundup in his landmark book, “La France à l’Heure Allemande,” (“France Under the Germans”). “Without the help of the police”  —   the French police  —   “the SS was paralyzed,” Mr. Burrin wrote. “The French authorities were entirely disposed to get rid of foreign Jews,” he wrote, referring to the officials’ offer to the Nazis, on that occasion at least, to hand over Jews who were not French citizens. Ms. Le Pen’s remark on Sunday was criticized as a “grave mistake” by her principal election opponent, the former economy minister Emmanuel Macron, and as “negationism” by a leader on the right, Christian Estrosi, the president of the    d’Azur region. The Israeli government also had harsh words, as did French Jewish organizations. Ms. Le Pen’s campaign has been oriented around an extreme form of nationalism, and she often criticizes historians and others who bring up the uglier aspects of France’s past, as she did on Sunday. “We’ve taught our children that they have all the reasons in the world to criticize it, to only see its darkest historical aspects,” she said. “I want them to be proud of being French. ” Mainstream candidates on the right have uttered similar sentiments about respecting France’s “national narrative. ” But the Vel d’Hiv and France’s wartime treatment of its Jews have generally been   to this sort of historical revisionism. As the American historian Robert Paxton has pointed out, France was unique in Western Europe in that it was the only country to use its own police force for roundups in territory not occupied by the Germans. Ever since President Jacques Chirac declared in a speech in 1995 commemorating the Vel d’Hiv roundup that “France, on that day, committed the irreparable,” the question of French complicity and guilt has appeared largely settled, officially at least. “Going back on its word, it delivered those whom it was protecting to their executioners,” Mr. Chirac said at the time. On Sunday night, to quiet the growing polemic, Ms. Le Pen tried to place her words in the context of others who have disassociated the Vichy government from France itself. “I consider that France and its Republic were in London during the occupation, and that the Vichy regime wasn’t France,” Ms. Le Pen said in a news release. There again, the historians’ verdict is different. The Vichy government initially enjoyed wide support, its functionaries and officials came largely from the prewar bureaucracy, and many went on to have excellent careers in government and business after the war. Foreign countries, including the United States, maintained embassies at Vichy and had cordial relations with it. Mr. Bousquet received a suspended sentence in 1949 and had a successful career in business afterward. His role and high connections were only belatedly   40 years later, when he was charged with crimes against humanity. He was shot dead by a deranged person in June 1993. “To isolate Vichy from the French population, that doesn’t hold up for one second,” one of France’s leading historians of the period, Henry Rousso, said on Monday. “You only have to look at the newsreels of the crowds applauding Pétain,” Mr. Rousso said, referring to the wartime Vichy leader, Marshal Pétain. “Not all of France was at Vichy. But a part of it was. ” Ms. Le Pen’s remark was all the more puzzling in that she has worked strenuously to dissociate herself from her party’s   past, embodied by her father, the party founder,   Le Pen, who notoriously called the Holocaust a “detail in the history of the Second World War. ”   Nazi collaborators were prominent in the early leadership of the National Front in the 1970s  —   including members of the French SS and collaborationist Milice, and even a leading official of the French wartime   agency, a minor cog in the Holocaust. By the end of the 1980s, Holocaust denial “had become a wholesale part of the Front’s ideology,” the historian Valérie Igounet has written. Ms. Le Pen has typically distanced herself from that aspect of her party.",0
5825,GOOGLE/AMAZON TO “ECHO” EVERYTHING & EVERYONE IN YOUR HOME TO NSA,"Home › BIG BROTHER | SCIENCE & TECHNOLOGY › GOOGLE/AMAZON TO “ECHO” EVERYTHING & EVERYONE IN YOUR HOME TO NSA GOOGLE/AMAZON TO “ECHO” EVERYTHING & EVERYONE IN YOUR HOME TO NSA 10 SHARES [10/27/16] Google Home (GH) is always listening to everything that goes on inside your home. It’s like paying the NSA, sorry I meant Google, $129.00 to bug your home. Click here & here to find out about Google’s close relationship with the NSA. 
GH does more than listen to music, it can control your lights, thermostats, radios, TV’s, smart refrigerators, smart plugs and more. GH has partnered with Nest, Phillips, IFTTT and Samsung who also makes the ‘ family hub refrigerator ‘. 
Google Assistant’s new surveillance feature called “My Day,” gives you morning updates, weather, commute times and a summary of your schedule (assuming you opt in). 
At least GH doesn’t have SEVEN microphones like Amazon’s Echo . 
Just how invasive is GH? ‘Always on’ devices are always listening 
Below, is an excerpt taken from Google’s Privacy & Terms: 
Voice Search (Google Assistant) uses pattern recognition to transcribe spoken words to written text. For each voice query made to Voice Search, we store the language, the country, the utterance and our system’s guess of what was said. 
A Computerworld article warns everyone about the dangers of ‘always on’ devices.",0
5826,GLP Forum (godlike productions),"GLP Forum (godlike productions) « on: Today at 10:28:07 AM » Has anyone on here kept track much on the forum: godlike productions or GLP forum? It is not easy trying to get past the trolls but it seems to stay up with current news so I usually go there to see what the recent news was. I was posting there with a link and when I tried to post it, I was immediately banned. Anyone else go there at all on this forum? Does anyone on here know anything about this forum like who controls it? Lee51",0
5827,A Life-Changing Novel,"By D. Buxman October 31, 2016 
Speculator is, quite simply, the best novel that I have read in the past three years and deserves better than a 5-star rating. It is a nuanced adventure that will offer the reader unique insights into topics as diverse as geology, capitalism, colonialism, junior gold mining investment and anarcho-capitalism. This wonderful book presents a freedom-based political/economic philosophy that is every bit as compelling and profound as that of Ayn Rand, at a much faster pace and without the laborious monologs. 
I was lucky enough to purchase an advance copy of this book in July, and I pre-ordered the Kindle version so that I could make it a permanent part of my digital library, accessible to my college-aged kids for whom it is now required reading. Technical elements such as dialogue and character development are superb, and I can’t wait to see how the heroes and villains develop in the planned sequels. Over two months after my first reading, I am still thinking about the themes that resonate throughout this book. I recommend it without reservation. Few novels have the potential to be life-changing vehicles, but this is one of them.",0
5828,Ruling Alters Legal Landscape in NY Shaken-baby Cases,"Ruling Alters Legal Landscape in NY Shaken-baby Cases Rene Bailey and her attorney Adele Bernhard. Photo courtesy Democrat and Chronicle 
Democrat and Chronicle 
Excerpts: 
For the first time, a New York appellate court has ruled that evidence once used to convict people in shaken-baby cases may no longer be scientifically valid. 
The ruling, which came in the case of René Bailey, a Greece woman convicted of causing the death of a child in 2001, has implications for a number of other people in state prisons for shaken-baby offenses. In this area alone, several dozen people have been convicted of murder or assault in such cases. 
The appeals court decision, released Thursday, changes the legal landscape in New York for alleged shaken baby cases, said Brian Shiffrin, a local appellate lawyer who was not involved in the case. 
“It makes it both easier for defense attorneys to argue the science and it puts the burden back on prosecutors to show there is evidence to support the theory of shaken baby syndrome,” said Shiffrin, who has handled appeals of shaken-baby convictions. 
Bailey, who ran a home day-care center, was charged with second-degree murder after a 2½-year-old girl in her care died after suffering a head injury. Prosecutors accused Bailey of causing the child’s death by shaking or throwing her, and called medical experts who testified that the injury could only have been caused by the care-giver’s abuse. Bailey, now 56, had been in state prison about nine years when a volunteer lawyer offered to take up her case. The lawyer, Adele Bernhard, was director of a law clinic for indigent defendants at Pace University in Westchester County. 
Read the Full Article at Democrat and Chronicle   MedicalKidnap.com. 
More stories on the changing legal tide of Shaken Baby Syndrome:",0
5829,Sudanese President Indicted for War Crimes Skips Saudi Islamic Summit - Breitbart,"Sudanese President Omar   indicated through his state media on Friday that he would not attend this weekend’s Islamic Summit in Saudi Arabia, at which U. S. President Donald Trump will be a guest of honor. Trump is scheduled to deliver a major address on American relations with the Muslim world at the summit. [The Associated Press quotes Sudanese reports that Minister of State Taha   will be sent to the summit in Riyadh instead.  “President Omar   has apologized to King Salman of Saudi Arabia for being unable to attend the Riyadh summit,” said a statement from Bashir’s office. Undefined “personal reasons” were given as the reason for his absence. The New York Times notes that Saudi Arabia’s invitation to Bashir “outraged human rights advocates, who called it a breach of longstanding United States policy. ”  The policy in question calls for ostracizing accused war criminals with outstanding arrest warrants, of which Bashir boasts two, dating back to 2009 and 2010. The International Criminal Court describes him as a “suspect still at large. ” The list of charges is impressive: Five counts of crimes against humanity murder, extermination, forcible transfer, torture, and rape two counts of war crimes intentionally directing attacks against a civilian population as such or against individual civilians not taking part in hostilities, and pillaging three counts of genocide: by killing, by causing serious bodily or mental harm, and by deliberately inflicting on each target group conditions of life calculated to bring about the group’s physical destruction, allegedly committed at least between 2003 and 2008 in Darfur, Sudan. According to the United Nations, up to 300, 000 people have been killed in the Darfur genocide, and another 2. 3 million displaced into refugee camps. The U. S. State Department said it was opposed to “invitations, facilitation or support for travel by any person subject to outstanding International Criminal Court (ICC) arrest warrants, including President Bashir. ” Bashir usually encounters little difficulty when he wishes to travel, despite the war crimes charges against him. The International Criminal Court has filed complaints against several nations, including South Africa and Uganda, for refusing to arrest him when he traveled to their jurisdictions. This week, Bashir’s government confidently stated he would attend the Saudi summit and “participate actively,” with a particular emphasis on lifting U. S. sanctions against Sudan. “On his agenda for the summit will be the removal of sanctions finally which were imposed by the US on Sudan. Also on the top of the agenda is to how to combat and how to fight terrorism. What we know is that President Bashir and President Trump will be in the same conference hall, but we don’t know whether he will meet President Trump,” Rabie Abdul Atti, a senior member of the ruling Sudanese party said on Wednesday. CNN notes that prior to President Trump’s inauguration, the Obama administration played up Sudanese opposition to the Islamic State, and was working to ease some sanctions against Sudan as a reward for humanitarian progress in Darfur.",0
5830,Trump Lets Key Offices Gather Dust Amid ‘Slowest Transition in Decades’ - The New York Times,"WASHINGTON  —   At the State Department, the normally pulsating hub of executive offices is hushed and virtually empty. At the Pentagon, military missions in some of the world’s most troubled places are being run by a defense secretary who has none of his top team in place. And at departments like Treasury, Commerce and Health and Human Services, many senior posts remain vacant even as the agencies have been handed enormous tasks like remaking the nation’s health insurance system. From the moment he was sworn in, President Trump faced a personnel crisis, starting virtually from scratch in lining up senior leaders for his administration. Seven weeks into the job, he is still hobbled by the slow start, months behind where experts in both parties, even some inside his administration, say he should be. The lag has left critical power centers in his government devoid of leadership as he struggles to advance policy priorities on issues like health care, taxes, trade and environmental regulation. Many federal agencies and offices are in states of suspended animation, their career civil servants answering to temporary bosses whose influence and staying power are unclear, and who are sometimes awaiting policy direction from appointees whose arrival may be weeks or months away. “There’s no question this is the slowest transition in decades,” said R. Nicholas Burns, a former State Department official who served under presidents of both parties and has been involved in transitions since 1988. “It is a very, very big mistake. The world continues  —   it doesn’t respect transitions. ” Mr. Trump has insisted that the barren ranks of his government are not a shortcoming but the vanguard of a plan to cut the size of the federal bureaucracy. “A lot of those jobs, I don’t want to appoint, because they’re unnecessary to have,” Mr. Trump told Fox News last month. “I say, ‘What do all these people do?’ You don’t need all those jobs. ” But the president has not proposed any plan for trimming crucial senior positions, and a White House spokeswoman, Lindsay E. Walters, said he eventually planned to fill them. Mr. Trump’s personnel problems are rooted in a dysfunctional transition effort that left him without a pool of    who had been screened for security and financial problems and were ready to be named on Day 1. In the weeks since, the problem has been compounded by roadblocks of his own making: a loyalty test that in some cases has eliminated qualified candidates, a   lobbying ban that has discouraged some of the most   potential appointees, and a general sense of upheaval at the White House that has repelled many others. Officials involved in and briefed on the situation described it on the condition of anonymity, unwilling to be quoted disparaging Mr. Trump or his administration. But the numbers paint an unmistakable picture. While Mr. Trump has won confirmation of 18 members of his cabinet, he has not nominated anyone for more than 500 other vital posts and has fallen behind his predecessors in filling the important   and   positions that carry out most of the government’s crucial daily functions. As of Sunday, he had sent to the Senate 36 nominations for critical positions, just over half of the 70 sent by President Barack Obama, who was also criticized for early delays, at the same point in 2009, according to figures compiled by the nonpartisan Center for Presidential Transition at the Partnership for Public Service. In the vast majority of cases, Mr. Trump’s administration has not even begun the lengthy screening process  —   which can take several weeks to as long as two months  —   that nominees must complete before their confirmations can be considered by the Senate. According to data obtained by The New York Times, the Office of Government Ethics, the independent agency that conducts financial reviews of every presidential nominee, had received only 63 disclosure reports for prospective Trump administration nominees as of March 5, less than a third of the 228 that Mr. Obama’s team had submitted by that date in 2009. At the State Department, both   jobs remain unfilled, along with the posts of six under secretaries and 22 assistant secretaries. At the Treasury Department, Mr. Trump has yet to name a deputy secretary, general counsel or chief financial officer, or any of the three under secretaries and nine assistant secretaries. At the Department of Homeland Security, one of three agencies for which the president has nominated a deputy, he has yet to name any of the four under secretaries, three assistant secretaries or other crucial players like a chief of Citizenship and Immigration Services or a commissioner of Customs and Border Protection. Ms. Walters, the White House spokeswoman, denied any substantial delay in staffing the government, saying that “there is no holdup. ” But she added that the administration was now screening a large pool of prospective nominees  —   a senior White House official put the number at about 130  —   whom it would soon name for crucial positions. The official, who spoke on the condition of anonymity because he was not authorized to detail internal deliberations, said that since Inauguration Day, the White House had set a pace for filling positions that rivaled the rate of previous administrations, and was now moving as quickly as the meticulous personnel process would allow. Mr. Trump’s presidential campaign was a compact operation, so he did not have the potentially thousands of political aides that other new presidents have rewarded with plum jobs, the official added. The staffing delays appear to reflect Mr. Trump’s lack of experience in government and his deep suspicion of anyone with such a background  —   two significant factors in his flawed transition. Another challenge has been the president’s attempt to apply to the sprawling federal bureaucracy the same mode of leadership he has used for decades in his business, where he placed exclusive trust in a small, insular team. “The approach that the president took as a businessman and a candidate is simply not scalable to the challenge of filling out the rest of the government leadership,” said Max Stier, the president of the Center for Presidential Transition. If agencies lack leaders who understand their operations and policies and have the president’s trust, said Carlos M. Gutierrez, who served as commerce secretary under President George W. Bush, “it just makes the whole function of the executive branch less effective. ” “It is a big problem, because either the agency is not well represented or isn’t represented at all,” Mr. Gutierrez said. Outside the government, he added, foreign diplomats, businesspeople and others “don’t know who to call or who to talk to. ” The lag could also undercut Mr. Trump’s global influence. When trade ministers of Pacific Rim nations, including China, meet this week in Chile, the United States will be represented by its ambassador to Chile, Carol Z. Perez, a career diplomat, because no trade official has been confirmed. At the Pentagon, Defense Secretary Jim Mattis is overseeing missions in Iraq, Afghanistan and Yemen without his own leadership team. Some nominees, including the billionaire Vincent Viola, Mr. Trump’s choice for Army secretary, had to withdraw because background checks  —   which would normally have been completed weeks earlier  —   revealed insurmountable problems, like financial entanglements. That has left Mr. Mattis to rely on holdovers like Robert O. Work, the deputy defense secretary under Mr. Obama, and senior civil servants. “He is really missing three to four levels of his leadership team,” said Michèle Flournoy, the under secretary of defense for policy under Mr. Obama, who said she removed herself from consideration to be Mr. Mattis’s deputy because she did not agree with the new administration’s values and policy direction. “The White House personnel system has really put an emphasis on loyalty to Trump, and they have ruled out anyone who said anything bad about him. ” Steven T. Mnuchin, the Treasury secretary, identified potential nominees for senior posts early on, including Jim Donovan, a Goldman Sachs executive, whom he wants to be his deputy. But one official close to the process said the White House had hesitated over the political risk of bringing another alumnus of the investment bank into an administration that has styled itself a champion of   Americans. A nomination probably remains weeks away, according to another person familiar with the situation. As of Sunday, the list of Treasury officials on the department’s website was empty, save for the words, “This page is temporarily unavailable. ” At the Environmental Protection Agency, Scott Pruitt, the administrator, was confirmed by the Senate last month, and he has hired a chief of staff and a few others. But the White House has yet to nominate anyone to fill another dozen key jobs requiring Senate confirmation, like the assistant administrators who oversee clean air and water regulation. Those offices sit empty even as Mr. Trump says he wants the E. P. A. to start rolling back several major   regulations, including a rule on water pollution. “It will be impossible for them to carry out that agenda unless they can get people in place,” said Jeffrey Holmstead, an assistant E. P. A. administrator under Mr. Bush. Adding to Mr. Trump’s challenge is an approach to personnel that at times appears haphazard he abruptly asked 46 United States attorneys to submit their resignations on Friday and immediately clean out their desks, leaving himself the task of appointing replacements around the country. Analysts say Mr. Trump’s approach also betrays a fundamental misunderstanding of how the government works. “They can think of this lack of appointments as being a lean government, but this isn’t like running a small business,” said Terry Sullivan, the executive director of the White House Transition Project, a nonpartisan organization that tracks the pace of appointments. “The federal government is quantum times larger than the largest American corporation. It puts Exxon Mobil in the shade. It is a reflection of naïveté about how big the U. S. government is. ” The personnel crisis has become something of a   prophecy, discouraging some experienced policy specialists from joining Mr. Trump’s government. Rodney L. Whitlock, a health policy consultant and former longtime aide to Senator Charles E. Grassley, Republican of Iowa, said the   lobbying ban was a deterrent from pursuing a position with the administration. “If I stayed in for three years, and then I stepped out, when could I lobby?” Mr. Whitlock said. “I would be 60. I’ve got to put kids through college, and I’m not the only one. ” Beyond that, he said, “a perception of chaos, right or wrong, makes people uncomfortable. ”",0
5831,Obama Pledges to Lift All Sanctions Against Myanmar - The New York Times,"WASHINGTON  —   President Obama pledged on Wednesday to lift all remaining sanctions against Myanmar, seeking to reward the country’s recent moves toward democracy after decades of brutal military rule. The White House issued the announcement during a visit by Daw Aung San Suu Kyi, Myanmar’s leader, whose victory in democratic elections last year was viewed by the Obama administration as a triumph in the president’s strategy of engaging with countries the United States had long shunned. “In part because of the progress that we’ve seen over the last several months,” Mr. Obama said in the Oval Office, as he sat beside Ms. Aung San Suu Kyi, “the United States is now prepared to lift sanctions that we have imposed on Burma for quite some time. “It is the right thing to do in order to ensure that the people of Burma see rewards from a new way of doing business and a new government,” the president said. “Congratulations on the progress that has been made,” he told Ms. Aung San Suu Kyi, who was under house arrest as a political prisoner when Mr. Obama was elected president. “It is not complete, and I think Daw Suu is the first one to indicate that a lot of work remains to be done, but it’s on the right track. ” But the move was quickly criticized by leaders of some human rights groups, who said they worried that eliminating sanctions was premature given the slow pace of change in Myanmar, also known as Burma, where the military still controls a large portion of parliamentary seats and important government ministries. “If the issue was growing Burma’s economy, there are plenty of other ways to do that without pulling off all of these important restrictions, which have given Suu Kyi   leverage over the military, with whom she still has battles ahead,” said John Sifton, the deputy Washington director of Human Rights Watch. “If the issue is leverage, the decision today makes almost no sense: Obama and Suu Kyi just took important tools out of their collective tool kit for dealing with the Burmese military, and threw them into the garbage. ” It remained unclear exactly when the remaining sanctions would be lifted they apply to trade in jade and precious stones, and to doing business with some of Myanmar’s military officials or their affiliates. Restrictions imposed by Congress, including sanctions related to North Korea and those governing arms sales and military cooperation, will remain unless lawmakers vote to lift them. Mr. Obama had moved in May to ease a broad array of sanctions that barred American citizens and companies from doing business with Myanmar, loosening restrictions on   banks and entities. But, at that time, he left in place an official government finding of a state of emergency for Myanmar, which calls the country an “extraordinary threat. ” Earlier on Wednesday, Mr. Obama sent Congress official notice that he was restoring trade benefits to Myanmar that were revoked in 1989 because of concerns over worker rights, allowing it to qualify for a program that allows poor countries to export thousands of products   to the United States. The decision to go a step further, and scrap the sanctions entirely, reflects Mr. Obama’s belief in using diplomacy paired with sanctions relief to prod former foreign adversaries toward greater openness. That principle was at the heart of Mr. Obama’s agreement last year with Iran to relax sanctions in exchange for restraints on the country’s nuclear program, and has been the driving force behind the opening of a dialogue with Cuba. Since taking power six months ago, Ms. Aung San Suu Kyi has moved to heal ethnic conflicts that have long plagued Myanmar. She invited a team led by Kofi Annan, the former United Nations secretary general, to begin investigating the plight of the Rohingya, a group of about a million Muslims living in dire conditions in western Myanmar. Yet Ms. Aung San Suu Kyi had declined to use the term “Rohingya” to describe the persecuted Muslim population that has lived in Myanmar for generations, angering rights activists who had hoped she would reverse discriminatory policies that have marginalized the Rohingya and prompted many to flee. And crucial political changes have yet to be made, like amending Myanmar’s Constitution to remove the military’s control over 25 percent of parliamentary seats, its ability to dissolve Parliament in times of national emergency and its control over the nation’s security, defense and border ministries. Ms. Aung San Suu Kyi said she was grateful to the United States for enacting sanctions that pressured Myanmar to restore human rights, but added that the time had come for the restrictions to be lifted. She also said she was eager to draw foreign visitors and investment to her country. Saying her first priority was “national reconciliation and peace,” Ms. Aung San Suu Kyi also conceded that she had to do more to shift the government toward civilian rule. “We have a Constitution that is not very democratic, because it gives the military a special place in politics,” she said. Obama administration officials have argued that freeing Myanmar from economic sanctions need not wait until the country liberalizes entirely, and that doing so will improve the chances that democracy will take hold there. It is also an important legacy issue for Mr. Obama, who said during a visit there in 2012 that it was time to open the United States’ relationship with Myanmar, despite the fact that it was not yet a “perfect democracy. ” On Wednesday, the White House insisted that Mr. Obama had not been swayed by a concern for his legacy to remove the sanctions before Myanmar had demonstrated more progress on its transition to democracy. “The president was quite interested in making as much progress as we can to support the Burmese people and the Burmese government in pursuing democratic reforms, but the decision to lift the national emergency was driven by the progress they made in Burma  —   not by the election calendar in the United States,” said Josh Earnest, the White House press secretary.",0
5832,"Officials Spent Big on Olympics, but Rio Natives Are Paying the Price - The New York Times","RIO DE JANEIRO  —   A thousand metaphysical miles from the   Olympic zone, a couple of activists and I entered the Favela do Mandela, a ramshackle collection of     buildings. We walked a narrow road ringed by   young men, which led to a narrower one, which led to a    alleyway. We found the home of    Marie Auxiliadora. With blond hair brushed back, she was a diminutive eruption of joy. She apologized for her modest home, scrubbed and packed with crucifixes and plastic flowers and pastel curtains. She wore a sun dress and pink  . Although morning gunfire had earlier forced her to hide in her bedroom, she insisted hers had been a good life. She noted she had four beautiful adult children, thank God. On her television, we watched demonstrators protest the presence of the Olympic torch on the day before the Olympics started. She pursed her lips and put her hands over her chest. “I am so upset,” she said. Her eyes turned  . “I have not gotten my retirement check for a month. Our hospitals and schools are broken. Shooting every day, and they spend all of our money on this Olympics. “The rich play, and we die. ” Seen from the northern and western precincts of Rio de Janeiro, which sprawl inland from the green Tijuca forest and the coastal mountain spine, the Olympics inhabit a foreign and wealthy world. In two days of wandering through favelas and   neighborhoods, I found Olympic excitement an often extinguished fire. Graffiti and signs draped across walls by labor activists document the Games’ huge cost to a wounded city. Olympic torchbearers jogged into several   neighborhoods and left sprinting, chased by angry residents. Outrage is not difficult to understand. Billionaire developers and media magnates have made a fortune off the Olympics bribe and corruption investigations arising from these Games are a growth industry, with construction companies and hundreds of congressional deputies potentially in the dock. An extremely expensive subway was built to run the length of this city’s    south coast from Copacabana to the Olympic site. A forest of towers to house athletes rose on publicly owned land afterward, the developer will turn these into luxury housing. On the route from the international airport to the south shore, Olympic organizers put up colorful walls so that visitors could not see the favelas. The International Olympic Committee’s chieftain, Thomas Bach, proclaimed the Rio Games a grand success last week. I wondered at the quality of his eyes. To write of pain is to take nothing from the Brazilians, who are gracious hosts and exuberant fans, crowding the waterfront of Copacabana for beach volleyball. Grand athletic achievement is inspiring, and these athletes, the world’s greatest, deserve applause. But the practiced I. O. C. shakedown of cities, the demands that local officials compete to construct obscenely expensive stadiums and news media centers and to guarantee that tourist zones have been swept of the desperate, has rarely looked more problematic. Rio is all but bankrupt. Teachers have gone months without pay. Retirees are months behind on pension checks. University professors gather to mop floors and empty overflowing garbage cans. I talked to a hospital administrator in a northern neighborhood who asked that I not use his name for fear he might lose his job. Officials had instructed him, he said, to reserve beds in overcrowded wards and to put aside    medicines, such as blood pressure pills, for Olympic tourists. His hospital received a new ambulance to serve the Olympics. I traveled this day in the company of Anderson Franca, a sturdy, bearded activist, writer and researcher, and his wife, Suelen Masiero. Anderson sees a bill of lading for decades of neglect come due. “In a way, the Olympics are to be congratulated,” he says. “The contradictions of this city are emerging faster and more dramatically. ” Later, we will put the question of the Olympics to Geovane Prince, a muscular, tattooed photographer in the Mandela favela. He has created a thriving studio and travels about the city. He shakes his head before I get the question out. “All the corruption, the suffering, there is too much pain,” he says. “We protest. To keep building giant arenas in the wealthy zone? We are sick of investing in this. ” Violence is a caldron still boiling and cannot be separated from this Olympic antipathy. In advance of the 2014 World Cup and now the Olympics, the police and the military pushed at the point of semiautomatic rifles and armored cars into hundreds of favelas in brutal pacification campaigns. Homicides dropped significantly but spiked again this year. New York City recorded 350 murders in 2015. Rio de Janeiro, a state with roughly double the population of New York City, recorded 461 murders in April 2016 alone. The police were responsible for   of all murders in Rio last year, according to Human Rights Watch and Amnesty International. At 8:30 a. m. last week, we traveled toward the Complexo do Alemão favela, which sprawls across four hills. We stopped at a traffic light.    . I tilted my head it sounded like firecrackers, except not really. The driver in the car next to ours rolled his eyes. The paramilitaries and drug gangs, he said through his open window, shoot early this morning. “You see that hill?” Franca, the activist and my guide this day, said as he pointed toward a green mountain ridge. Tumbledown homes climbed its slopes azure skies rose above. Those were the Mercy Hills. “They found a mass grave with dozens of bodies. No names. ” I talked later to a woman who owned a modest grocery store on another hillside in this favela. She cradled her baby granddaughter. “No one can even get together to watch a game,” she said. “The occupation is too dangerous. ” Hers was an often repeated observation. Residents want peace, but they harbor no particular rooting interest in the army or the drug gangs or the paramilitaries composed of retired cops: All armies are lethal. We scrambled up a hardscrabble path to the new police precinct that commands the hill like a medieval castle keep. Inside, three police officers in body armor nodded warily. They pointed to one, two, three bullet holes in the glass windows of the precinct, each the size of a   ball the police attack, and the gangs counterattack. The precinct wall is dominated by a painting of a knight kneeling and holding his sword, accompanied by these words: “You may die, but if you don’t fight, you’re already dead. ” The precinct commander walked in, a semiautomatic rifle strapped to his chest. “You should not stay here  —   go back to the Olympics,” he said. “Shooting is anytime. ” Officials cut several bus lines that run north to south during the Olympics, in hope of keeping gangs from invading the tourist zones of Copacabana and Ipanema and the central business district. Many tens of thousands of   Cariocas, as natives of Rio are known, spend two and a half to three hours commuting to distant jobs, journeys made far more arduous during the Games. Anderson’s mother lives in a favela. She is in her ninth decade and has never visited the white sand beaches of Copacabana and Ipanema. The city’s public safety director talks about the disaster that could await when the Olympics end and soldiers withdraw from the tourist zones. The next day, I talked with Carla Maria Avesani, a young professor at the Rio de Janeiro state university. She has a Ph. D. and runs a nutrition institute at the University of Rio de Janeiro. She serves on the board of a prestigious journal and writes for an international audience of academics. She studies how changes in diet help poor patients on dialysis and those with heart problems. It was her dream to work at a public university with a mission. Now she and her fellow professors pool their Brazilian reais to buy computers and paper towels, and to fix doors. They try to figure out what to do about the broken elevator. Their university is broke, its pockets turned out. She lives in an    neighborhood, with good restaurants and that Mediterranean climate. The evening atmosphere, with young couples hand in hand, calls to mind Rome, except with enormous rock faces nearby and an ocean lapping at your feet. She watched the opening ceremony, all the brilliant choreographies, and read her friends’ proud posts on Facebook. She could not join them. “It was a beautiful party we Brazilians do wonderful parties,” Avesani said. “But to see the amount of money spent for stupid stadiums, I don’t want to celebrate when the state is broke and hospitals are closing and the poor are dying by the thousands. ” She paused. “It’s nice to see so many foreigners, and I want you to be happy. I want to be happy. ” She sighed. “I would be happiest now if the world sees how we are living. I feel absolutely offended by these Olympics. ”",0
5833,Author’s Daughter Donating Royalties for Book as Sales Soar Following Steve Bannon Plug,"Sales have skyrocketed for famed journalist David Halberstam’s book The Best and the Brightest after it was reported that President Donald Trump’s chief strategist Steve Bannon is reading it and encouraging White House staffers to do the same. [What’s more, Julia Halberstam, David Halberstam’s daughter, is donating the royalties from the books sold in 2017 to investigative journalism   ProPublica.  “Julia Halberstam told us she was moved to do this by reaction to a story in the New York Times reporting that White House assistant Stephen Bannon was reading the book during the presidential transition and recommending it to colleagues,” the New York   group reports. News of Bannon’s interest in The Best and the Brightest broke after New York Times sports reporter Marc Tracy spotted Trump’s top adviser holding the 1972 book at Atlanta Georgia’s   International Airport. “Mr. Bannon was carrying a book, and when an incoming president’s guru is reading a book, you should find out what it is,” Tracy wrote in a Times article titled, “Steve Bannon’s Book Club. ” “I walked by and peeked. It was The Best and the Brightest, David Halberstam’s 1972 history of the strategic errors and human foibles that birthed the disastrous American involvement in the Vietnam War. ” ProPublica, says “we agree with Bannon that the book is ‘great for seeing how little mistakes early on’ in an administration ‘can lead to big ones later. ’” “If you have not read The Best and the Brightest, or have not read it recently, we join Steve Bannon in urging you to do so. ProPublica will benefit, to be sure, but we believe anyone seeking to be an informed citizen will as well. ” Follow Jerome Hudson on Twitter: @JeromeEHudson",0
5834,Threats and Vandalism Leave American Jews on Edge in Trump Era - The New York Times,"The   rambling voice on the telephone was disguised and garbled, and warned of a slaughter of Jews. The voice spoke of a bomb loaded with shrapnel and of an imminent “blood bath. ” Moments later, the caller hung up. The   threat to a Jewish community center turned out to be a hoax. The warning was one of at least 100 that Jewish community centers and schools have reported since the beginning of the year, a menacing pattern that has upended daily life for people in 33 states and prompted a federal investigation that has come under increasing scrutiny from lawmakers, security specialists and Jewish leaders. Combined with the recent vandalism at Jewish cemeteries in Missouri and Pennsylvania, the calls have stoked fears that a virulent   has increasingly taken hold in the early days of the Trump administration. At the beginning of an address to Congress on Tuesday night, Mr. Trump said the episodes, along with last week’s attack on two Indian immigrants in Kansas, “remind us that while we may be a nation divided on policies, we are a country that stands united in condemning hate and evil in all of its very ugly forms. ” In a meeting with state attorneys general earlier Tuesday, Mr. Trump suggested that the threats and destruction might be a politically coordinated effort to “make people look bad,” according to the attorneys general of Pennsylvania and the District of Columbia. “First, he said the acts were reprehensible,” said Attorney General Josh Shapiro of Pennsylvania, a Democrat who asked Mr. Trump about the episodes during a session at the White House. “Second, he said: ‘And you’ve got to be careful it could be the reverse. This could be the reverse, trying to make people look bad. ’” Jewish leaders denounced Mr. Trump’s comments to the attorneys general, and some urged the federal government to accelerate its investigation of the threatening calls, the latest of which came on Monday. “The person or persons doing this have broken the law, and it’s the responsibility of our system to investigate it and apprehend the individual or individuals responsible,” said David Posner, the director of strategic performance for the JCC Association of North America. The Federal Bureau of Investigation has been leading an inquiry since January, and a federal law enforcement official, who was not authorized to discuss a continuing investigation, said that a single person may be making the threats using an internet calling service. Independent analysts, including extremism researchers and retired law enforcement officials, share that theory and said that, so far, they have seen no evidence of an organized effort. Though some people had suspected that the calls were recorded and automated, there was evidence to the contrary. In Milwaukee, for instance, a switchboard operator asked questions and received responses from the caller, said Mark Shapiro, the president of the Harry and Rose Samson Family Jewish Community Center. Mr. Posner said an F. B. I. official had emphasized that the investigation was a priority for the bureau, involving experts in behavioral analysis, civil rights and hate groups. “Agents and analysts across the country are working to identify and stop those responsible,” Stephen Richardson, the bureau’s assistant director for the criminal investigative division, said. “We will work to make sure that people of all races and religions feel safe in their communities and in their places of worship. ” According to Mr. Posner’s group, more than 80 community centers and day schools in the United States and Canada have been threatened, some repeatedly. The calls have come in five rounds, most recently on Monday, when there were 31 threats. Many of the calls have prompted evacuations and bomb sweeps, forcing schoolchildren from classrooms and employees to push cribs full of infants into parking lots. Retirees have been rushed from swimming pools, and offices and streets shut down. The threats are frequent and alarming, community center leaders said. “My initial reaction was, ‘This is our turn,’” said Karen Kolodny, the executive director of the JCC of   in Scarsdale, N. Y. where officials responded to a bomb threat on Monday. “My reaction was not complete shock. We thought it was going to happen at some point. ” F. B. I. data shows that most hate crimes are linked to race, ethnicity or ancestry. In 2015, the most recent year for which federal data has been released, the authorities recorded 664 episodes they classified as  . Analysts said they believed that   commentary online before last year’s presidential election had gradually escalated into more sinister behavior toward the Jewish institutions, which have long prepared for threats and often employ private security. “You started out with the hostile tweets,” said Mitchell D. Silber, who was director of intelligence analysis for the New York Police Department. “You moved to the bomb threats against JCCs and other institutions, and now you have a physical manifestation at the cemeteries with the gravestones knocked over. ” Although the F. B. I. is investigating damage to headstones at a Jewish cemetery in Philadelphia, the episode there, as well as a similar one near St. Louis, is not believed to have been the work of anyone behind the bomb threats. The bureau’s inquiry into the bomb threats is likely complicated by the reality that criminals have embraced new technology, said Ronald T. Hosko, one of Mr. Richardson’s predecessors as an assistant F. B. I. director. “This is unlikely to be little twisted Johnny calling from his parents’ house,” Mr. Hosko said. Instead, Mr. Hosko suggested, the caller could be relying on libraries, restaurants or other public places with internet access, sites that might be equipped with surveillance cameras that the F. B. I. could use to help identify someone who frequented those places at the dates and times of the calls. Each new threat, Mr. Hosko said, increased the odds of an arrest. “Every one of those contacts presents another opportunity,” he said. “It’s another dot in the pattern analysis. ” As the threats have poured in, from Albuquerque to Nashville to Providence, there have been rising worries over whether people might stay away from the centers, which also serve people of other religious backgrounds. Some have fretted that the intense public attention might be encouraging whoever is behind the calls. “Given that this is happening wave after wave, there are concerns for people’s families, and people are concerned about whether they should still send their kids to JCCs,” said Oren Segal, the director of the   League’s Center on Extremism. “When communities start   like this, it is incredibly alarming and disruptive and serves the purpose of whoever is carrying out these threats. ” But Jewish institution leaders, in interviews and in conversations with one another, have expressed more frustration than fear. “By attacking the JCC, they’re really attacking what is best about America: the diversity, the pluralism, the inclusion that one faith community can be as welcoming to other faith communities and demonstrate that through deeds on the ground,” Mr. Posner said. “That’s something we will never surrender. ”",0
5835,How Spirits are Connected to Your Health – Swedenborg and Life,"Behind the headlines - conspiracies, cover-ups, ancient mysteries and more. Real news and perspectives that you won't find in the mainstream media. Browse: Home / How Spirits are Connected to Your Health – Swedenborg and Life Essential Reading Did New York Orchestrate The Asian Tsunami? By wmw_admin on October 17, 2008 
With Afghanistan and Iraq already lost, the Wall Street bankers were all desperately looking for other ways to control our world, when suddenly and very conveniently, the Sumatran Trench exploded. Trick or Treat? Joe Vialls investigates 9/11 Masterminds – Explosive Connections By wmw_admin on October 7, 2011 
This brilliant video investigation reveals more incriminating evidence on those behind 9/11. Includes stunning revelation on Bush cousin Jim Pierce’s role. Highly recomended Before and after the “Holocaust”: Jewish population numbers in 1933 and 1948 By wmw_admin on November 30, 2013 
During the time Hitler was supposed to have killed six million Jews — between 1933 and 1948 — the world’s Jewish population actually increased from 15,315,000 to 15,753,000 Admiral Richard B. Byrd’s, Diary Feb. Mar. 1947 By wmw_admin on December 30, 2007 
Fact or fantasy? Admiral Richard B. Byrd’s account of his flight over the North Pole and discovery of a “land beyond the poles” is legend. For those still unfamiliar with it we present his classic account and leave you to decide Evidence: Syria Gas Attack Work of U.S. Allies By wmw_admin on August 28, 2013 
Clear and conclusive evidence that ‘Syrian rebels’ were behind the chemical weapons attack — not the Syrian Army — using toxins supplied by Saudi Arabia. Includes videos Six Million Jews 1915-1938 By wmw_admin on March 4, 2013 
Years before Hitler and WWII the iconic figure of six million Jews was being widely promulgated. Here are a few examples Horrifying US Secret Weaponry Unleashed in Baghdad By wmw_admin on September 1, 2003 
DU was bad enough, but reports filtering out of Baghdad suggest US forces used a new type of weapon to capture the city. This is the real story behind the fall of Baghdad and it truly is the stuff of nightmares The true inside facts about the 7/7 London bombings By wmw_admin on January 21, 2008 
What this website has long suspected has been confirmed. James Casbolt, himself a former MI6 operative, gets the inside story from a disaffected member of British Intelligence on who was really behind the 7/7 bombings and why",0
5836,BREAKING: Shock Huma Admission Found in Emails… Hillary Still Not Right “in the Head”,"WATCH: Gingrich Accuses Megyn Kelly Of Being “Fascinated With Sex” 
Sent by the Democrat candidate’s top aide Huma Abedin five months before Podesta asked about Clinton’s head, this email read as follows: “She’s going to stick to notes a little closer this am, still not perfect in her head.” 
As with Podesta’s email, Abedin’s may have been referring to a simple headache, or she could have meant that Clinton couldn’t get the text of her message “in her head.” Again, however, the evidence suggested otherwise. Advertisement - story continues below 
Critics have quite reasonably questioned Clinton’s health during this election season because of her persistent coughing fits and haggard look. Moreover, she was observed nearly collapsing to the ground during a Sept. 11 memorial event in New York City. 
Specifically, a video recorded from the event showed her propped up on a barrier, trying to remain upright as her security phalanx prepared to help her into her van. 
As Clinton began walking toward the van, however, she began stumbling. Her campaign later first blamed this behavior on dehydration but subsequently attributed it to pneumonia . 
Combined, both the email revelations and the Democrat candidate’s behavior have led many critics to speculate on her health, with some going so far as to claim that she suffers from Parkinson’s disease or a similar ailment. Advertisement - story continues below",0
5837,What Young Men Need To Know To Avoid A Statutory Rape Accusation,"Disclaimer: This is not legal advice. If you are charged with a criminal offense or think that you may be, contact your attorney. 
If you are a Western man under 30, your world view when it comes to sex was forged in the era of internet pornography, epic divorce rates, hyper-sexualized television content and a political climate of anything goes sexual identity, at virtually any age. You could be forgiven for thinking that when you first had sex with your sweetheart back in high school or earlier, it wasn’t something remarkable and you’ve both probably forgotten about it years later. You could also be one accusation away from defending yourself in a sex offense case.
While American culture evolved (or, as many fairly and convincingly argue, DE volved) into a sexually open environment where there are few if any societal and legal restrictions beyond those involving children and animals, statutory rape is still caught in a complex patchwork of state based laws.
Federal law does not stipulate a universal age of consent, instead leaving it to the states to codify. Though you are safe everywhere in North America by avoiding all girls under 18 and you may think that’s the law of the land, federal statutes principally refer to matters surrounding pornographic material and prostitution. By the way—you didn’t take any naked selfies or make a homemade porno with her, right? Good thing you didn’t because you could have violated that federal law about pornography .
What is the age of consent in America? I wouldn’t even trust her (fake) ID.
The age for private consensual sexual acts in America ranges from 16 to 18 , sometimes lower in the case of married couples. It’s even lower in some foreign countries. By the way, say you’re an American student overseas with a foreign girlfriend who’s legal in her country, but still under 18—you might want to check with a knowledgable lawyer before getting down a d dirty.
Why is this significant? For starters, the UN Convention on the Rights of the Child considers anyone under the age of 18 to be a child. That magic number is also used to prosecute anyone going overseas with the intent to have sex with a minor. While US law in this area is aimed at pedophiles and traffickers, there’s no reason it could not be applied to a young man on a trip to Cancun or studying abroad in Eastern Europe. The most likely situation for a young American male will be domestic, however.
Don’t take one for the team.
For example, back when you were 18 and your girlfriend was 15 and the age of consent in your state was 16, you might have both been well aware of what you were doing and done it several times—perhaps even with the knowledge and approval of your parents. You may have stayed with her for years and eventually got married, but more than likely you and she parted ways and haven’t looked back since.
Till one day you get a knock at your door from a policeman who wants to question you about your relationship a few years earlier. Thinking nothing of it, you tell him the basic details, admitting to sexual contact, and bam, you are arrested for statutory rape of a minor. Any defense of her consenting multiple times, or even that you did not know she was underage, is irrelevant—as a minor, she cannot consent and because of this she may have no say in whether or not to press charges.
The long arm of the law may reach you. 
“Well, that’s no bother to me since it was so long ago and the statute of limitations passed anyway, right?” Not so fast. First, if you have amassed any assets years later, she could still decide to sue you in civil court for damages (although this is not always successful ) and either win at trial or eke out a monetary settlement from you. Even absent a criminal conviction or a civil court judgement against you, having to pay a settlement for a sex assault related case is something no man wants on his resume— just ask Bill Clinton .
Moreover, just because it is now beyond the statute of limitations for prosecuting you, do not assume you are in the clear. Statutes of limitations can be changed , once again including accused offenders even though they were previously beyond the statute of limitations. Any statements you may have made to law enforcement before this happens would once again be fair game.
While the intent of changes to these laws is noble—they want to nail child abusers who got away for decades—the reality is you can get scooped up into the mix if you as a teenager once had a sexual encounter of any kind with an underage girl, perhaps even if you yourself were underage. If you think you engaged in a situation where you could be charged, the best course of action is to clam up and consult lawyer in your jurisdiction.
This applies even more if one day you are approached by anyone and out of the blue they bring up the subject even though you’d nearly forgotten about it. If you get arrested and charged but the prosecuting attorney decides to not prosecute, continue to keep quiet regardless. Prosecutors come and go, and a replacement with a political agenda could perhaps decide to re-open your case and pursue charges.
Branded for life. 
If you get charged but by some miracle are able to cop a plea and get probation with no jail time, you will probably still wind up in a sex offender registry , perhaps for life. Say you get luckier still and serious doubts surface about the veracity of the story and eventually the charges are reduced or dropped completely, resulting in no conviction and no sex offender registry requirement for you. Well guess what? You will still have an arrest record for a sex offense on your rap sheet—it matters not that there was no conviction.
Imagine driving down the road years later, a cop drives up behind you and automatically scans your license plate as is now common practice. A sex offense arrest pops up. Think you stand a good chance of getting pulled over for further scrutiny? What are the chances you’re going away with a warning instead of a ticket that day? For better or worse, cop instinct is to view arrests the same as they would a conviction, so it’s best to keep all arrests completely out of your life as much as possible.
You will get no breaks, so watch yourself. And STFU. Yes, of course, you both “knew what you were doing” back on prom night. And yes, we know grown women teachers who have sex with minors often are convicted at trial and still receive no jail sentences . But you, sir, are a heterosexual man acting out on your urges and therefore a prime target—doubly so if you’re white, non-Islamic and attending college or boarding school, particularly a prestigious institution . Forewarned is forearmed.
Young men need to be well aware of the laws in their state before engaging in any sexual contact in situations where they could face a statutory rape accusation. And if you’ve got a story or two from back in your glory days as the high school quarterback with the freshman cheerleader? Don’t tell that story to anyone. Ever. The political climate is not favorable to you—and it could stay that way for a while absent a much needed reality check .
Read More: 7 Ways The Collapse May Unfold 
",0
5838,Video: ‘Build The Wall!’: Meet Israel’s Trump Supporters,"Video: ‘Build The Wall!’: Meet Israel’s Trump Supporters MEE went to Israel to find out why some Israelis support the Republican nominee.   
With just hours to go before America elects its 45th President, MEE goes to Israel – a key foreign policy battleground – to find out why some Israelis are raving about the right-wing candidate Donald Trump:",0
5839,WATCH: BlackLivesMatter Cop Hater Slaps Police Horse Then GETS MAJOR PAYBACK From Horse….,"WATCH: BlackLivesMatter Cop Hater Slaps Police Horse Then GETS MAJOR PAYBACK From Horse…. Oct 28, 2016 Previous post 
Scroll down for video 
For most critical thinking individuals, common sense usually dictates staying clear of bigger objects that could pose a threat, especially within the animal kingdom. However for the “blissfully young and ignorant”, that innate and inborn instinct at times needs a little reinforcement, and no doubt getting kicked by a police horse hopefully did the trick. 
The incident took place during the Queen’s University homecoming in Kingston, Ontario, when a young blond woman ran up behind a police horse mounted by police officer and smacked the horse on its rear, and of course the horse immediately responded as it was trained to do, and kicked the woman to the ground, face first. 
The 40-second video captures the woman wearing a dark shirt with a red stripe appearing in front of the brief video clip running towards the horse, and the whispered commentary coming from the operator seems to indicate that this was all a part of a silly prank, and the young blond was actually the dupe or more likely the dope, take your pick. 
According to authorities 3-people were arrested and charged with assaulting a police horse during the homecoming celebrations, however the condition of the woman wasn’t immediately known, other 
FOR ENTIRE ARTICLE CLICK LINK",0
5840,"U.S. Basketball Team Muffles Argentines, if Not Their Fervent Fans - The New York Times","RIO DE JANEIRO  —   Argentine fans were irrepressible, bouncing up and down and back and forth across the stands, waving flags, imploring their compatriots to jump along, and singing that anyone who did not join the fun was Brazilian. The Brazilians yelled right back, heralding the career goal tally of Pelé, their soccer hero, and crowing about their five World Cup trophies. They made sure, of course, to insult Diego Maradona, Argentina’s own World Cup legend. It was, in many ways, a typical sardonic showdown between fans of the two   South American rivals  —   except it was happening on Wednesday night at a basketball game between Argentina and the United States. After the Americans had scuffled through the final three games of the pool stage, Coach Mike Krzyzewski suggested that the presence in the quarterfinal round of the Argentine fans  —   who had been making so much noise the last two weeks  —   might invigorate his players. Whether it helped or not, the Americans looked lively amid the noise, sauntering to a   win that left the Brazilian fans  —   their sports allies for a night  —   singing in joy. As the seconds ticked off the clock in the blowout, Brazilian fans yelled out “Olé!” to usher the Argentines out of Carioca Arena 1. “We didn’t understand what was going on,” said Paul George, who had 17 points and 8 rebounds and galvanized his team with his defensive effort. “We didn’t know if they were against each other or if they were cheering with each other. ” The Americans will face Spain  —   which steamrollered France,    —   on Friday in the semifinals. “We enjoyed it,” George said. “That’s new to us. We enjoyed being in this atmosphere. ” The Americans, many of them still relatively new to international basketball, had found the vibe at their earlier games a bit odd. The stands at the Olympic arena sit far back from the sidelines. Nonpartisan crowds at certain games did not seem compelled to make much noise. “It’s almost like a golf tournament,” DeMarcus Cousins said this week, gently tapping the fingers on his right hand against the palm of his left. “It’s different. ” The Americans are used to the atmosphere of the N. B. A. with the familiar tableau of the league’s arenas. Sound technicians make sure to quash any threat of silence with thunderous music. Courtside seats creep up along the sidelines, eliminating personal space between players and fans. “You can’t hear as much trash talking as usual,” DeAndre Jordan said about the fans in Rio. On Wednesday, Argentine fans arrived early to spread their jollity inside and around the arena. They belted out the country’s national anthem in full voice. They were eager to scream, and it helped that their team got off to a fast start, jumping out to a   lead in the first quarter. Whenever the United States fans started a chant  —   “  !” or “ !”  —   they were drowned in a torrent of whistles and jeers from the Argentine fans. The local Brazilians, who consider Argentina their big sports rival, did some jeering of their own on the Americans’ behalf. “I’m a huge fan of soccer,” Jordan said. “The fans are engaged in the game. They have chants and cheers and the wave going. It’s cool. ” The decibel level dropped for a spell, though, as the Americans charged back, producing a   scoring run at one point. Halfway through the second quarter, Kyrie Irving displayed his exceptional   skills, stringing together a dizzying sequence of crossovers on Nicolas Laprovittola to create an opening to the rim. Amid the momentary quiet, the Americans made their own fun. In the second quarter, when Kevin Durant (27 points) disassembled Andres Nocioni with a crossover  —   before scoring on a     fadeaway combination  —   the reserves on the American bench popped off their seats and pirouetted with delight. Despite the loss, Argentine fans’ spirits were high. Asked at halftime about the atmosphere, Gerardo Genzano, a fan from Argentina, said, “Argentina has taken over Rio. ” Asked who would win, he changed the subject. “We need more beer,” he said. Durant, who averaged 16. 8 points in the first five games, was unstoppable. He shot 9 for 13 from the field, including 7 for 9 from   range, and added seven rebounds and six assists before sitting for most of the fourth quarter. Durant described the knockout game as a Game 7 and praised his teammates for raising their intensity level. He complimented the outward national pride of the Argentine fans. He said he had heard chants of “  !” rising above the din. “It gave me chills,” he said.",0
5841,BREAKING: No-Fly Zone Declared as Militarized Police Prep for Assault on ‘Front-Line Camp’ at Standing Rock,"Home / Be The Change / BREAKING: No-Fly Zone Declared as Militarized Police Prep for Assault on ‘Front-Line Camp’ at Standing Rock BREAKING: No-Fly Zone Declared as Militarized Police Prep for Assault on ‘Front-Line Camp’ at Standing Rock Jay Syrmopoulos October 27, 2016 Leave a comment 
Cannon Ball, ND – Pipeline opponents attempting to protect their water supply from the Dakota Access oil pipeline (DAPL), as well as prevent the continued destruction of burial grounds and cultural sites, are anticipating a confrontation with police today. This news come after “water protectors” refused law enforcement requests to vacate reoccupied land in the pipeline’s path, owned by Dallas-based Energy Transfer Partners. 
Last week, native activists took the bold action of declaring eminent domain over their traditional territory and set up a new camp “Front-Line” camp directly in the pipeline’s path. Pipeline opponents say they have simply reclaimed the land under the Fort Laramie Treaty of 1851, clearly noting the Sioux never ceded that territory. The new encampment lies across Highway 1806, where pipeline security guards armed with guard dogs and pepper spray attacked protestors attempting to stop the bulldozing of cultural sites and burial grounds on September 3. 
The impending crisis comes after nearly 200 water protectors set up the new camp on land that Energy Transfer Partners last month purchased from a local rancher in an effort to bolster strategic and tactical control of areas surrounding construction of the controversial pipeline. 
According to the AP , however, the Native Americans claim the land is theirs by way of an “1851 treaty and they won’t leave until the pipeline is stopped.” “We never ceded this land,” said protester Joye Braun. 
This latest flashpoint in the ongoing conflict is north of the larger and more permanent encampments, which have been constructed on federally owned land where over 200 Native American tribes have gathered to oppose the pipeline’s construction. 
On Wednesday, a heavily militarized law enforcement presence began mobilizing heavy equipment, including Humvees, armored personnel carriers, buses and demanded the protestors leave the occupied area. 
In an ominous sign, the Federal Aviation Administration (FAA) has restricted flights , and banned the use of drones within a radius of about 4 ½ miles of Cannon Ball. The FAA declared that only aircraft affiliated with the North Dakota Tactical Operation Center are allowed within the restricted airspace. The flight restriction went into effect Wednesday and will last until November 5. 
Indian Country Today reports : 
What began with prayers and a single tipi alongside Highway 1806 quickly grew to more than a dozen tipis surrounded by tents, buses, cars and hundreds of water protectors. Some are calling it the “1851 Treaty Camp” to acknowledge their Treaty rights. 
Across the road is the encroaching pipeline and a heavily militarized police force with armored vehicles, helicopters, planes, ATVs and busloads of officers. Tensions are growing as unarmed citizens worry that police will use unnecessarily harsh tactics. 
In recent weeks, nearly 300 unarmed water protectors who were arrested have been subjected to pepper spray, strip-searches, delayed bail, exaggerated charges and physical violence, according to interviews with several who were taken into custody. The ACLU and National Lawyers Guild recently sent attorneys to Standing Rock to help the Red Owl Collective, a team of volunteer lawyers headed by attorney Bruce Ellison, who are representing many of those arrested. 
The massive law enforcement contingent, consisting of sheriff’s deputies and officers from numerous other states and counties, as well as National Guard, began staging near the encampment — with scores of Armored Personnel Carriers, buses and Humvees poised at the ready. 
“At some point the rule of law has to be enforced,” Cass County Sheriff Paul Laney said Wednesday. “We could go down there at any time. We’re trying not to.” 
Dakota Access LLC, the pipeline developer released a statement encouraging trespassers to “vacate the land immediately” or be “removed from the land.” 
“Alternatively and in coordination with local law enforcement and county/state officials, all trespassers will be prosecuted to the fullest extent of the law and removed from the land,” the company said. “Lawless behavior will not be tolerated.” 
Just days ago, sheriff’s officials had said earlier they didn’t have the resources to immediately remove activists from the private land, about 50 miles south of Bismarck. Subsequently, law enforcement officials put out a call for reinforcements, with hundreds of officers from out of state responding. 
On Wednesday, actor and environmental activist Mark Ruffalo and civil rights leader Rev. Jesse Jackson went to the new camp to speak and pray with the water protectors. Ruffalo had arrived the night before to speak on an anti-DAPL panel with Native activists at the Prairie Knights Casino and Hotel, according to Indian Country Today. 
After touring the camp Jackson spoke to the crowd, reminding people that nonviolence is key to winning the battle for justice. 
“With promises broken, land stolen, and sacred lands desecrated, the Standing Rock Sioux Tribe is standing up for their right to clean water. They have lost land for settlers to farm, more land for gold in the Black Hills, and then again even more land for the damn (sic) that was built for flood control and hydro power,” Jackson said. 
When will the taking stop? When will we start treating the first peoples of these lands with the respect and honor they deserve? 
The rerouting of the pipeline away from Bismarck to its current route is “the ripest case of environmental racism I’ve seen in a long time,” Jackson said. “Bismarck residents don’t want their water threatened, so why is it okay for North Dakota to react with guns and tanks when Native Americans ask for the same right?” 
The pipeline was originally scheduled to run north of Bismarck until local residents expressed displeasure with the plan, with the DAPL ultimately being rerouted to its current trajectory near the Oceti Sakowin Standing Rock Reservation. 
With an impending militarized police raid of the camp, Mekasi Camp-Horinek, one of the camp coordinators, told officers the protesters planned to stand their ground, saying “Do what you’ve got to do,” according to the Bismarck Tribune 
“I don’t have a crystal ball to know when it will happen, but we know it will happen,” said Mekasi Camp-Horinek, a member of the Ponca tribe in Oklahoma. “We’re going to hold this ground.” 
Water protectors could be heard chanting, “Stand in peace against the beast.” 
“I’m here to die if I have to. I don’t want to die but I will,” said Didi Banerji, who lives in Toronto but is originally from the Spirit Lake Sioux reservation in North Dakota. 
The protesters are simply trying to keep law enforcement from preventing their efforts to stop the pipeline said David Red Bear Jr., 30, from the South Dakota side of the Standing Rock Sioux Reservation. 
“If we don’t stop them here, they’re going to cut us off closer to the pipeline. We can’t let that happen,” Red Bear said. “We’re not trying to force anybody’s hand. We’re just trying to stand up for what we believe in.” 
The reality is that the citizens of North Dakota are funding a protection force, in the form of police, for a multi-billion dollar corporate entity. North Dakota’s Emergency Commission previously approved $6 million in emergency funding for law enforcement costs related to the protest — with almost all of those funds having been used already. The Department of Emergency Services plans to ask for more, spokeswoman Cecily Fong said. 
Do North Dakotans want their tax money spent on police acting as paid enforcers for Wall Street and big oil interests? 
While law enforcement claims they are just doing their job and enforcing the law, in reality, they are acting as enforcers for an unjust corporate oligarchy that consistently puts money over people. The financial elite are the ones who the police are truly protecting and serving — not the American people. 
Please share this article and stand with Standing Rock! Share Social Trending",0
5842,"BREAKING: Federal Election Commission Now Involved, Massive Fraud | EndingFed News Network","“Everyone to your life rafts!” “Every man and woman for themselves!” “This ship is going down!” That is just a snippet of what we imagine to be the conversations happening all around the nation within the offices of DNC members. The DNC and Hillary are certainly no strangers to scandal at this point. These days, news reporters can barely keep up with crimes of the Democrats. The party is reaching new lows, practically pushing each other out of the way to commit fraud and lie to the voters. Meanwhile, continuing to try and only show the world what the Republicans are supposedly doing wrong. They would like Americans to believe that only the Republicans are guilty. There are many problems with this, beginning with all of the evidence available. Just a few days ago, the story broke that Democrats were returning contribution money. Returning money? Why on earth would they do that? It may have something to do with the fact that the tens of thousands of dollars from the personal injury lawyers of the Thornton Law Firm was money the partners received in illegal reimbursements. Campaign finance rules prohibit companies like Thornton from giving more than $2,700 to any singular candidate. Straw donor practices easily allow the firms to get around the rule. We wouldn’t want laws to get in the way of lawyers and money. In Boston, it was uncovered that the law firm gave their partners bonuses the same day they donated to the campaigns–in the same amounts. Dirty money given to dirty politicians from dirty lawyers. Perfect headline for Democrats. High profile Senators and candidates have rushed to “donate” the money they received to the Department of Treasury. This is a common method of “dumping” tainted money from a campaign. The Democrats involved in this scandal include: Florida Rep. Patrick Murphy Former Nevada Attorney General Catherine Cortez Masto Pennsylvania Senate hopeful Katie McGinty New Hampshire Gov. Maggie Hassan Former Wisconsin Sen. Russ Feingold These candidates all have something very important in common: they are fighting for swing-state seats in Senate races. If wrongdoing stopped there, it would be more than enough to disqualify these people when you go to cast your vote. It did not; it went much further. Already these unethical donations made the small Thornton firm, which boasts just ten partners, one of the country’s largest dollar for dollar political donors. It turns out this is not the first time that this particular law firm helped out Democrats. The Boston Globe revealed that “between 2010 and 2014, three of the firm’s partners gave $1.6M to mostly Democratic candidates. During that same period of time, those same three partners received $1.4M in bonuses from the law firm, in what appears to be reimbursement for their hefty donations.” As this story broke, it encouraged other people to come forward and admit their involvement. Viveca Novak, who reported the story for the Center for Responsive Politics, told FOXBusiness.com: 
This may not be an isolated case and is likely not the only one of employees being reimbursed for contributions to candidates. We’ve received emails since the story was published that employees at other companies were pressured to make donations and were told they’d be reimbursed. We always thought it was a much bigger problem, but it is hard to flush out. So here we are with Democrats promptly abandoning ship and handing the money over to the Treasury. Not all of the Democrats, though. Massachusetts Senator Elizabeth Warren, and best friend to Hillary Clinton, is standing strong and defending her actions. She says she will not return the money until it is proven to be illegal. This is the same Senator who has spent her career sitting on the high horse of condemning hidden money in politics. Elizabeth Warren’s hypocrisy aside, this is a very serious situation. Lawyers representing public interest from The Campaign Legal Center have filed a complaint with the Federal Election Commission. This is certainly just the beginning of uncovering the truth of the Democrats’ campaign practices. The problem we are currently faced with is that the election is 5 days away. Judith Ingram of the Federal Election Commission told reporters that there is a lengthy process to review these complaints for merit and next steps. A complete investigation is exactly what we want and need. It will hopefully continue until they have discovered the whole truth. The election though, is next week. We don’t have time. The Democrats in battleground states have been using filthy money to fund their campaigns. There is absolutely no way to know that this money hasn’t swayed the election in their favor. Voters in these states need to be aware. They must know the truth before they walk into the voting booth. Information in this election is crucial because the Democrats have done such a good job at muddying the waters around the real issues. There is no telling how deep this goes. As of today, we absolutely have enough information to know a few very important facts: The Democratic party as a whole, cannot be trusted to tell the truth . The money that their campaigns use is not all from legal contributions . The only way to send them a clear message that we will not condone their actions: vote Republican. We need Donald Trump now more than ever. Corruption in politics has gotten so bad that many people don’t even bat an eye when we see shocking revelations like this one. On November 8th, we have the opportunity to drain the swamp and root out all of this corruption. We have been given an opportunity, we should take advantage of it! 
If you haven’t checked out and liked our Facebook page, please go here and do so. Leave a comment... ",0
5843,"A Veteran Living in Squalor, and Allegations of ‘Staggering’ Abuse - The New York Times","HIGHLANDS, N. Y.  —   The    veteran’s mind had been slipping away for years. With no relatives or close friends in his life, few people noticed when he was no longer a regular on the streets of this town in Orange County. Inside the motel room where the man, David McLellan, ended up, he slept in squalor, crowded by piles of furniture, old TVs and a lawn mower. He spent his days outside his door, sitting in a faded armchair, its torn fabric stained from his own urine. Neighbors would see him walking around the parking lot late at night, naked and confused, looking for cigarette butts on the ground. For Mr. McLellan, life at the U. S. Academy Motel, about 50 miles north of New York City, was a lonely blur, marked by what the police say was emotional abuse and neglect. When a detective asked him how long he had lived there, Mr. McLellan said he thought it had been four days. Mr. McLellan had been living there for about six years, exploited for much of that time by another man, Perry Coniglio, living at the motel, the police said. Mr. Coniglio posed as Mr. McLellan’s caretaker, withheld food and stole thousands of dollars of his monthly Social Security and pension benefits, said Joseph Cornetta, the detective in charge of criminal investigations for the Highlands Police Department. Mr. Coniglio, 43, was arrested on July 19 on preliminary charges of unlawful imprisonment, grand larceny, endangering the welfare of a vulnerable person, criminal possession of a weapon, menacing and possession of narcotics. He has pleaded not guilty. “The abuse was staggering,” Detective Cornetta said. “Perry Coniglio exercised custody and control over this individual for one purpose: financial exploitation. Keep the cash cow going. ” But how Mr. McLellan ended up languishing in such peril is largely shrouded in official secrecy. Motel records show a case worker from the Orange County Adult Protective Services agency dropped off Mr. McLellan in 2010, and the police say their records indicate the agency was aware of Mr. McLellan’s situation as recently as 2012. But the agency, citing the man’s privacy, said it could not confirm that it had had any role in the man’s care, and it would not say whether anyone from the agency had checked on Mr. McLellan in the years before the police uncovered the alleged exploitation. Monica Mahaffey, a spokeswoman for the State Office of Children and Family Services, which oversees local adult protective agencies, said privacy rules precluded the state from disclosing whether it was investigating the county’s handling of Mr. McLellan’s needs. It is not uncommon for older people like Mr. McLellan to slip through the cracks and become vulnerable to fraud and abuse from caretakers, experts say. According to a 2011 study, 141 out of 1, 000 older New York State residents have experienced an   event since turning age 60, but only a small portion of these cases are brought to the attention of local authorities. In 2010, the police in the village of Highland Falls received a call from a local bank employee who suspected that a man was posing as Mr. McLellan’s relative. The police referred the bank employee to the county’s Adult Protective Services agency, the police chief, Kenneth Scott, said. In April 2012, the department received a complaint that Mr. Coniglio had thrown a burning piece of paper into Mr. McLellan’s window. When officers responded to the call, Mr. McLellan told them the situation was a misunderstanding, Chief Scott said. About two weeks later, Adult Protective Services requested that the police perform a welfare check on Mr. McLellan. Officers found “nothing to report,” the chief said. It was a drug investigation by the police from the Town of Highlands, a neighboring jurisdiction, that eventually led investigators to Mr. McLellan. (The town’s police station is just steps from the motel, but the motel sits just across the   border, and the town police never received any reports related to Mr. McLellan while he was living at the motel, Detective Cornetta said.) But according to people who live at the motel, the troubles were no secret to those in earshot. For years, they had heard constant screaming between the two men. “You felt that something was just not right,” said Carmine Bloise, who lived two doors down from Mr. McLellan and Mr. Coniglio for about two years. But fearing he would be kicked out for attracting the attention of law enforcement, Mr. Bloise said he did not report the suspicious relationship to the police. About a month ago, though, one resident of the motel decided to speak up. Natasha Blanc, a former home health aide whose room was opposite Mr. McLellan’s, reported the relationship to the police. Detective Cornetta said he encouraged her to record videos of the interactions between Mr. Coniglio and Mr. McLellan. “He was like a lost little kid,” Ms. Blanc said of Mr. McLellan. “He can’t speak up for himself, so someone has to do it for him. ” One video in particular persuaded the detective to make an arrest. In the video, Mr. Coniglio is seen charging into Mr. McLellan’s room with a long wooden stick, cursing at him and seemingly threatening him. Mr. Coniglio is heard screaming at the older man to grab his bowl to be filled with his meal  —   “like a prisoner,” Detective Cornetta said. Since his arrest, Mr. Coniglio has been held in the Orange County Jail. On the day of the arrest, the authorities escorted Mr. McLellan out of his room, sending him to a hospital for treatment and placing him under the care of Adult Protective Services. A walk through Mr. McLellan’s room revealed flashes of his isolated time in the motel: a filthy, molding bathroom trash a table covered in cigarette ash  —   but there also were snippets of his identity, like a wooden bracelet with Catholic images of the Virgin Mary. The man’s former neighbors in Fort Montgomery, less than two miles south of the motel, recalled Mr. McLellan’s life before his mind succumbed to dementia. Mr. McLellan, originally from New Jersey, is believed to have served in the Navy during the Korean War, Detective Cornetta said. For many years he worked in the Ford assembly plant in Mahwah, N. J. until it closed in 1980, his former neighbor, David Tonneson, said. Mr. McLellan then became a registered nurse and moved to a   trailer on a hill on Hemlock Street in Fort Montgomery, where he lived for decades, neighbors said. Many in town knew him for the six goats he kept on his property, said Mr. Tonneson, a volunteer firefighter and retired contractor in the neighborhood. “Everybody knows who the goat man was,” he said. Mr. McLellan served as a caretaker for his mother, who lived with him for a number of years until her death, said Cathy McCutchen, who used to live next door. But after Mr. McLellan’s retirement and his mother’s death, something changed. He stopped being able to take care of himself, and his house started falling apart. He would spend nights in the barn with his goats because he had no heat in his house, Mr. Tonneson said. More than six years ago, local officials condemned his house and his animals. Mr. McLellan spent about two months staying in the homes of parishioners of his church in Fort Montgomery and of its former pastor, the Rev. Jack Arlotta, now at St. Stephen the First Martyr Parish in Warwick, N. Y. Shortly after, Father Arlotta said, Mr. McLellan “sort of disappeared. ” At the motel where he ended up, the owner, Iftihar Malik, would take him to the bank to collect his benefits, Detective Cornetta said. Then, Mr. Coniglio moved into the motel and began working as Mr. Malik’s   maintenance worker. He moved into the only motel room with a full kitchen, next door to Mr. McLellan’s room. In an interview, Mr. Malik said he did not know anything about the alleged financial exploitation or abuse and believed Mr. Coniglio was taking care of Mr. McLellan. Mr. Malik said the criminal investigation was an “exaggeration. ” “Tell me, who is washing the clothes?” Mr. Malik said. “Who is cutting the hair?” Mr. Coniglio’s lawyer, Brad White, said, “There’s certainly more to the story. ” Mr. Coniglio’s aunt, Phyllis Coniglio, said she felt her nephew was trying to help the veteran but was battling his own mental health problems and was not competent enough to be the man’s caretaker. “I think he just got stuck with it,” Ms. Coniglio said. “This man Dave was just shuffled off to somebody. ” The police are still investigating others who might have contributed to, or covered up, Mr. McLellan’s abuse, Detective Cornetta said. “For whatever reason, nothing was ever done,” the detective said. “This is a veteran who got left behind. ”",0
5844,Armstrong and Green: What Does the March for Science Mean by ’Science’?,"What is the “Scientific method”? [Saturday’s March for Science calls for “robustly funded” science and “political leaders and policy makers to enact evidence based policies in the public interest. ”  But is this just an attempt to dress up the marchers’ political beliefs as science? And what do they mean by science?  Fortunately for those who care, there is a remarkable level of agreement in the writings of scientific pioneers such as Francis Bacon, Isaac Newton, and Benjamin Franklin on the nature of the scientific method. That agreement is also reflected in the definition provided by the Oxford English Dictionary. We have expanded on the established definition and identified eight necessary criteria for a work to be considered useful science. The criteria include objectivity and full disclosure. We expect that most scientists would agree with these criteria as obviously true and important. The pioneers of science charted the way by describing how to comply with the criteria. To be objective, according to Newton, the study should compare all reasonable hypotheses by using a fair and balanced experimental design. We have summarized the eight criteria on a   checklist (available at guidelinesforscience. com). You can easily refer to it to assess whether something you are looking at is a work of science. By using the checklist, you do not have to depend on an authority to tell you “this is what the science says. ” Knowing and agreeing with the criteria in the checklist does not help. To be useful, the checklist must be used. The checklist is concerned only with the scientific method, so one does not need to be an expert in the field or topic to use it. In fact, experts may have difficulty rating the scientific compliance of works in their own field.  They are likely to be biased against findings that challenge conventional wisdom. We found that the ratings of raters who did not use the checklist were unreliable. Their ratings differed substantially from those derived using the checklist. When faculty and students raters used the checklist, their ratings were remarkably consistent. The checklist is available at guidelinesforscience. com. The checklist is badly needed. One cannot rely on the fact that a purported discovery was published in a   scientific publication. When we used the checklist to rate papers published in leading scientific journals, we found less than one percent of them to be compliant with the scientific method. We suggest that you try out the checklist at the March for Science rallies. Show your respect for the scientific method and, as Newton emphasized, be willing to consider alternatives. Be fair in evaluating alternative hypotheses. You have to ask yourself the question, “Can I imagine any evidence that would prove my favored hypothesis is wrong?” If you can’t, you are not approaching the subject with an open mind. You also fail Newton’s criteria for understanding science. Speakers should comply with science. Listeners should be respectful and request of the speakers, “Please show us that you have complied with science. ” It’s not enough for them to say that they have followed the scientific method. Progress in all fields relies on the scientific method. Science is a     process. Voting has no place in science. Scientific laws always eventually prevail over the political laws created by our elected officials. The March for Science should not simply be another way for us to express our opinions. It should not be an effort to pressure scientists and voters to agree with us. The scientific method is the best way we have of engaging in factual disputes. J. Scott Armstrong (jscottarmstrong@upenn. edu ) is a professor at the Wharton School at the University of Pennsylvania. Kesten C. Green (kesten. green@unisa. edu. au) teaches managerial economics in the University of South Australia Business School.",0
5845,Hillary HQ Gets Massive Surprise Outside Right After FBI Announcement,"Hillary HQ Gets Massive Surprise Outside Right After FBI Announcement Posted on October 30, 2016 by Amanda Shea in Politics Share This Hillary Clinton 
Hours after the FBI announced that they are reopening the investigation into Hillary Clinton’s e-mails, the liberals holed up at the Democratic headquarters in Ohio opened their door to a massive surprise outside that they weren’t expecting. Now, they’re getting the police involved as they fear this is the start to much more unwanted attention from Donald Trump supporters. 
While Trump headquarters in various states have become targets of violence from angry Hillary supporters who don’t know how to handle themselves, when the tables are turned, the response is much different. “What reasonable person thinks this is OK????” party chair Bethe Goldenfield complained in a post in the Greater Cincinnati Politics facebook group with the hashtag #TrumpLovesHate. “I won’t be responding to anyone who thinks this is acceptable behavior. It is ILLEGAL!” she said of what she’s taking as a terror attack on their party, but apparently didn’t seem to think the same when Trump’s party office was firebombed a few states away. 
Sending a very fitting message about what people think not only of Hillary but of the Democratic Party, an unknown individual unloaded a massive mound of manure in the parking lot. Obviously, this person was just giving back a small portion of what Dems have been feeding Americans for years and is symbolic of what comes out of Hillary’s mouth, which is why the FBI is now re-investigating her. However, Goldenfield doesn’t see the humor in it since it wasn’t a molotov cocktail at a Republican office. Manure pile left outside the Democratic Headquarters in Lebanon, Ohio 
According to Cincinnati.com , Goldenfield was alerted to the manure pile by the police in Lebanon who called her at about 7:45 on Saturday morning, which she took full advantage of by urging a widespread investigation to nab the person responsible. “Hopefully the perps will be held accountable for their actions,” she said, repeating her inaccurate #TrumpLovesHate hashtag. 
The local GOP office came under some speculation of involvement, but not only did they announce that they had nothing to do with this, they offered to help clean it up — something that Democrats didn’t offer in Indiana and North Carolina when both offices suffered actual destructive damage, unlike this case of a nonviolent attack that didn’t damage property.",0
5846,"Brandon Turbeville Interview With Voices Network: Serena Shim, Syria, Imperialism","diogenes on Poverty Rose in 96% of U.S. House Districts, During Obama’s Presidency Contact Us We read all emails sent to us, but are too busy to respond to many. We greatly appreciate feedback and leads. to contact us. Learn more about us here . Syndication If you wish to reproduce any essays from this site: 
You may reproduce our essays as long as you give proper attribution (Washington's Blog) and provide a link to our site at the top of the post. National Security and Copyright Notices National Security Notice We are NOT calling for the overthrow of the government. In fact, we are calling for the reinstatement of our government. We are not calling for lawlessness. We are calling for an end to lawlessness and lack of accountability and a return to the rule of law. Rather than trying to subvert the constitution, we are calling for its enforcement . We are patriotic Americans born and raised in this country. We love the U.S. We don't seek to destroy or attack America ... we seek to restore her to strength, prosperity, liberty and respect. We don't support or like Al Qaeda, ISIS, the Taliban, or any similar or supporting groups. We think they are all disgusting. The nation's top legal scholars say that draconian security laws which violate the Constitution should not apply to Americans . Should you attempt to shut down this site or harass its authors, you are anti-liberty, anti-justice, anti-American ... and undermining America's national security. 
Copyright Notice This site provides political commentary, education and parody protected by the fair use and My Lai/Zapruder exceptions to copyright law. 
We are not copyright pirates. We do not seek to destroy all copyright law. Even the country's top copyright lawyers oppose draconian anti-piracy laws . FAIR USE NOTICE: This site contains copyrighted material the use of which has not always been specifically authorized by the copyright owner. We are making such material available in our efforts to advance understanding of political, economic, scientific, and educational issues. We believe this constitutes a 'fair use' of any such copyrighted material as provided for in section 107 of the US Copyright Law. In accordance with Title 17 U.S.C. Section 107, the material on this site is distributed without profit to those who have expressed a prior interest in receiving the included information for research and educational purposes. For more information go to: 
If you wish to use copyrighted material from this site for purposes of your own that go beyond 'fair use', you must obtain permission from the copyright owner. Business/Economic News",0
5847,Google Adds Tool to Flag ’Offensive’ Search Results - Breitbart,NEW YORK (AP)  —   Google is now directing its review teams to flag content that might come across as upsetting or offensive in search results. [advertisement,0
5848,Carrie Fisher’s Fans Find Solace in Her Books - The New York Times,"“I heard someone once say that we’re only as sick as our secrets,” Carrie Fisher wrote in her 2008 memoir “Wishful Drinking. ” Ms. Fisher didn’t, it seems, harbor many secrets. A prolific writer and chronic oversharer, she published several heavily autobiographical novels, including the best seller “Postcards From the Edge,” which drew on her struggles with drug abuse and mental illness, and three memoirs that recounted her experiences growing up in the shadow of Hollywood royalty, her affair with Harrison Ford while shooting the “Star Wars” films, and her   battle with bipolar disorder. One of her final creative acts was publishing her memoir “The Princess Diarist,” which came out last month. Ms. Fisher’s literary legacy seemed to offer some solace to fans mourning her death this week, at age 60. “The Princess Diarist,” which drew on the diaries Ms. Fisher wrote when she was a    actress on the cusp of fame for playing Princess Leia, rose to the top of Amazon’s   list, and was listed as temporarily out of stock on Thursday. Blue Rider Press, which published the book, plans to reprint 65, 000 copies, in addition to the 173, 000 copies already in circulation. “Postcards From the Edge” and “Wishful Drinking” also rose to the top 10 on Amazon and were out of stock. Simon  Schuster, which published those books, is reprinting another 20, 000 copies of “Wishful Drinking” and 17, 500 copies of “Postcards From the Edge. ” Over all, Simon  Schuster has sold some 500, 000 copies of Ms. Fisher’s books. Readers also turned to “Unsinkable,” a 2013 memoir published by Ms. Fisher’s mother, the actress Debbie Reynolds, who died at age 84 on Wednesday, one day after her daughter. (“Unsinkable” rose to No. 395 on Amazon on Thursday, from 24, 172.) Following Ms. Fisher’s death on Tuesday, some novelists praised her prose as being as blunt, funny and honest  —   much like Ms. Fisher. “Fisher’s legacy includes her written words  —   cutting, clever, observant,   and unbowed,” the science fiction writer John Scalzi wrote in The Los Angeles Times.",0
5849,Are Final Clubs Too Exclusive for Harvard? - The New York Times,"One midnight near semester’s end on the skirts of Harvard Yard, music thumped and laughs rang out from a colonnaded,   mansion, the sort usually seen in Hollywood fantasies about fraternal campus life. But it was the scene outside that suggested something other than a frat party. This was the headquarters of the Fly, an exclusive men’s fellowship known here as a final club. At its side door stood a   man in tuxedo, checking names against a list of the lucky invited. Eager young women in   queued up. Except one. A lone girl sat on the front steps, bathed by yellow light spilling from windows in which the silhouettes of revelers held pool cues and beer bottles. She was hunched over, legs flopped on either side, face in hands. She had managed to get in but was “kicked out,” she wailed into a phone pressed against her ear. Her cheeks were reddened, streaked with mascara. Now, she sobbed, “they won’t let me in!” A group of young men stood in the doorway, hands shoved in pockets, chatting. Every so often they cast an awkward glance at the young woman. The Fly is one of six remaining   final clubs. They are, if not the hub, the apex of social life at Harvard  —   upscale surrogates for those classic centers of college merriment, sororities and fraternities. On any given weekend, a string of young women spools out onto Mount Auburn Street in front of one or another of the club porticos. And while there might be legitimate reasons to exclude them, from intoxication to overcrowding, the crying woman on the stairs underscored the power the final clubs have over the student psyche. Entree can feel like belonging, rejection like a scarlet F. Some students describe final clubs as nothing more than fun outlets on a campus with few options for unsupervised play. To those who join they offer a   group of friends and a refuge from the high pressure of the Harvard course load. After graduation, members enjoy access to an extensive alumni network. But to many students on the outside, the clubs are laden with a legacy of   snobbishness. As the writer Kenneth Auchincloss referred to them in a 1958 dispatch in The Harvard Crimson: Final clubs are gathering places of the “St. Grottlesex crop,” an amalgamation of the names of several elite East Coast boarding schools, who “look to the Clubs as centers for privacy and ‘’ cut off from the hectic University by their locked front doors, their aura of secrecy, and a generally shared feeling of superiority. ” Today, that description is perpetuated by unwritten codes on who may pass through their doors and who may join. The elaborate courtship of the desirable can begin with an engraved invitation slipped under a dorm room door to “punch”  —   a selection process that continues with a series of outings and culminates in a   dinner feting the few who make it through. To many students, the clubs remain potent symbols of privilege, anachronistic and out of place on an increasingly diverse campus. These clashing perceptions have roiled the community over the past year, with the administration falling squarely into the camp that final clubs and all they represent, wittingly or not, do not belong at Harvard. It is a   stance that has resulted in periodic action by the university  —   and counterpunches by the clubs. But this year’s iteration of the battle, led by Rakesh Khurana, dean of the college, carries a particularly big stick: Starting with the class of 2021, members will be barred from leadership roles in   clubs and athletics and from receiving recommendations from the dean for top scholarships like the Rhodes and Fulbright. And the conversation has been expanded to include all   clubs unaffiliated with the university, including five   final clubs, four sororities and five fraternities. The decision stands to have ramifications beyond Cambridge, Mass. by ratifying a movement that is taking hold across the country: to make student social life more inclusive. “The discriminatory membership policies of these organizations have led to the perpetuation of spaces that are rife with power imbalances,” Dr. Khurana wrote in a letter to Harvard’s president, Drew Gilpin Faust, in May. “The most entrenched of these spaces send an unambiguous message that they are the exclusive preserves of men. In their recruitment practices and through their extensive resources and access to networks of power, these organizations propagate exclusionary values that undermine those of the larger Harvard College community. ” In an interview a few days after graduation, Dr. Khurana softened his rhetoric. “It’s not our intention to make the students feel persecuted,” he said. “I want to just say to our students: The issue is not our students. I think they are people of immense character and integrity. We are trying to create the conditions to allow our students to become the kind of people they say they want to become in their admissions essays. ” The push to end, or at least reform, final clubs is also informed by the urgent discussion nationwide of sexual assault on campus. A 2015 survey of several universities by the Association of American Universities found that by the time they were seniors, 47 percent of Harvard women who had participated in final club activities had experienced unwanted sexual touch, compared with 31 percent schoolwide. Some clubs have complained that the university has not presented them with any documented cases of sexual assaults on their premises. But a subsequent analysis of the data by the university’s Task Force on the Prevention of Sexual Assault linked the solution to the final club question. The clubs perpetuate misogynistic attitudes, according to the task force report, particularly through “parties at which the only nonmembers in attendance were women selected mainly by virtue of their physical appearance” and party themes and invitations that have “reinforced a sense of sexual entitlement. ” Richard T. Porteus, class of ’78 and president of the Fly’s graduate body, is one of the few final club members to publicly challenge the college. “If Harvard really were to become serious about preventing sexual assault rather than using it as a way to push an ideological stance,” he told me, “they’d drill down to find out exactly what is occurring rather than trying to throw a moral pall over any man or women who belongs to these clubs. ” To charges that the men cast themselves in the role of patriarchal gatekeeper, Mr. Porteus made a pragmatic argument: The clubhouses have limited capacity, and   protects members and guests, particularly women. And the doorkeeper, a   staff member and parent of a college student, can assess the sobriety of guests, entering and departing. In a stab at the dean, he concluded: “What is more patriarchal than an older male authority figure deciding for young women where and how they should spend their personal time when  ?” The clubs have adamantly defied demands to become coeducational not for exclusivity’s sake, Mr. Porteus said, but out of a belief that what a   space offers is of deep value. “Whether you’re a man or a woman or you identify in any other way, you’re curious to learn from others of the gender you identify with,” he said. “That is why   entities exist, from Wellesley College to the Boy Scouts of America. ” “It is not,” he said, “a rejection of anyone. ” • Walking into the Fly, it’s easy to sense the power and lineage of the men who came before: the lingering aroma of smoke that must have taken decades to accumulate, the large wooden table in the   library, where students have studied for at least a hundred years in this, their final social club before graduation (having already passed through a freshman club and a waiting club). Up the stairwell is a gallery of memories  —   photos of famous members like Franklin Delano Roosevelt and members killed in war  —   leading to the trophy room. This is a space clearly created by young men for young men. Animal busts decorate the walls. There are large speakers for music. Billiard tables have been topped with glass, good for table tennis and beer pong. Each club is known for a particular personality: The Fly is Park Avenue, the Phoenix S. K. sporty, the Fox artsy, the Owl fratty. By most accounts, athletes have an edge in selection, as does wealth. Legacy matters. Illustrious alumni include T. S. Eliot (the Fox) and John F. Kennedy (the Spee) whose brother Ted quit the Owl in 2006 under fire for belonging to such an exclusionary group. “Each is unique in its policy and procedures,” said Mr. Porteus, a charter school founder. “The clubs do not act in concert, seldom and sporadically share information, and in many respects are rivals. Dean Khurana is describing all clubs as though they were the same. ” The Porcellian, for example, does not throw parties or even allow nonmembers inside its clubhouse. Founded in 1791, it is the oldest and most prestigious club, counting among members Supreme Court Justice Oliver Wendell Holmes, Theodore Roosevelt and Cameron and Tyler Winklevoss, the Olympic rowing twins of social network fame. It’s been said that F. D. R. saw being overlooked by “the Porc” as a painful lifelong failing. An alumnus, or graduate member, agreed to talk about the lasting meaning the Porc has for its members. He described how quaint bonding activities, like     dinners in which members perform club songs and tell stories from its history, forged lasting friendships. Lunch is taken together almost every day in the club. After graduation, dinners are held monthly, worldwide, allowing   alumni to retain those friendships. Because of the club’s policy of secrecy, which harks back hundreds of years, the member would speak only on condition he not be named  —   and in a conversation monitored by a public relations representative who periodically told him he was saying too much and to stop talking. History is venerated, and he was eager to tell how it is passed down through the many artworks and objets d’art housed in its clubhouse, including thousands of renderings of boars, its emblem. Alexander Calder, a rare exception to the nonvisitor policy, was so taken with the place, the story goes, that he gifted a sculpture depicting two mating boars it was once lent to the Whitney Museum of American Art for a retrospective. Far from fraternity hazing, Porc initiation rites include memorizing and reciting each item’s provenance and meaning in pop quizzes. The Porcellian is considering becoming coed, the member said. “Even though it’s the oldest club, it’s not blindly and foolishly wedded to a certain way of being,” he said. “The club, in order to stay relevant for its members, needs to continue to evolve. ” What it is rejecting is being forced by outside parties to do so  —   and instantly. And it has pushed back. Last spring, the Porcellian commissioned a report of its own contesting the sexual assault statistics produced by the Association of American Universities. If the administration continues with its sanctions, he said, the club will pursue a lawsuit, citing rights to freedom of assembly. The Fly is also considering litigation. If the groups were to bend and turn coed, whatever it is they do behind their stately doors and Corinthian columns could continue. Last year, a few relented: The Spee and Fox admitted women, though in response to alumni backlash the Fox’s were provisional members. Contrary to the patrician conception of the club, the graduate member said, the current new class, though under a dozen, as is typical, is diverse, including several students of color as well as foreign students. Yet the clubs are stymied by both their image problem and closelipped policies. He understood that conundrum: “We recognize that as an   club, and particularly as the oldest   club, even if you take the time to learn about our traditions, our quirky weird traditions, we are just not a sympathetic figure and never will be in the public eye. ” • Harvard has had a complicated history with women, and has long grappled with gender discrimination. Founded as a men’s college, it began to integrate women slowly in the 1970s via a quasi merger with its sister school, Radcliffe College, but the two were not fully combined until as late as 1999. As the college itself made strides toward gender parity, it fired a salvo at the final clubs to push them in the same direction: In 1984, it severed ties after they refused to admit women. But instead of breaking down barriers, more   organizations emerged. In the early ’90s, the first   final clubs and sororities arose. “We had often found ourselves on the steps of a final club trying to get into a party and being chosen or not chosen by these men, who own this real estate,” Eugenia B. Schraa Huh, a founder of the   Sablière Society, told me. “There was this feeling of us being powerless on the social scene. We absolutely founded the club to help correct a power imbalance at Harvard. ” But parity has remained elusive. The women’s clubs have their own level of exclusivity, and their social role is limited because many of them do not have dedicated spaces (some partner with men’s clubs for parties, or   dinners  —   at the Fly, for example, with wine served from its cellar). The rub with the new rules is that they apply to all   clubs. Shortly after the announcement of sanctions, a protest called Hear Her Harvard coalesced about eliminating the women’s “safe spaces. ” An estimated 250 participants marched from Massachusetts Hall, past the bronze statue of John Harvard, and through Harvard Yard to decry the inclusion of   groups in the new rules, but the conversation swelled to encompass the everyday experience of being a woman at Harvard. Caroline Tervo, a member of the Pleiades Society (a women’s club named for the “seven sisters” star cluster) addressed the crowd before the march: “Gender discrimination happens every day. It happens in the classroom, when men are called on more often in the workplace, when men are paid more and on the weekend, when women are targeted and shamed for their sexuality. On a campus and in a society that is still so male dominated, female spaces are necessary sources of empowerment. ” On the day sanctions were announced, women in     huddled in urgent discussion around campus. On Facebook, fraternity and sorority members changed their profile pictures to their organization’s insignia in solidarity. Many want final clubs to change but believe that by including other groups the university painted with too broad a brush. “There is a lot of value in targeting some of the exclusionary aspects of the final clubs, and making sure we are working toward the same goals collectively,” said Rebecca Ramos, a rising senior and president of the Delta Gamma chapter, one of the Greek organizations that took root here in the early ’90s. But, she told me, “The administration has tried to target the entire single   organization scene in one fell swoop, as opposed to targeting certain organizations that don’t align with the values expressed by the mission of Harvard College. ” She said that sisters of her sorority, which is open to all women, including transgender women, act as guardians of one another’s mental health, watching for signs of emotional distress and coming to their aid to share coping mechanisms or just hugs. “We’ve been emotional support throughout many difficult times for our sisters,” she said. “People are really concerned about losing that on campus. Harvard can be a really difficult place to be. ” It is a place where social pressure is palpable. Several dozen students refused to discuss final clubs on the record. One, rushing across campus in a seersucker suit on his way to a Kentucky   party, summed up the sentiment of many when he said that if you have an opinion that might offend someone, keep it to yourself. Even detractors feared being dropped from a final club’s party rolls. Some worried they would be blacklisted from certain professions after graduation if a powerful club alumnus got wind of any criticism. Several students were afraid they would not be able to get a job in academia, or of getting bad grades, if they criticized Harvard. Ana Andrade, a freshman folded into a chair in the center of Harvard Yard between final exams, felt emboldened enough to comment on the clubs’ social impact. Particularly galling for her are the mechanics of a final club party, where women, dressed to impress, show up hoping to be picked from the crowd and invited in. “It’s all about the patriarchy,” she said. “It’s perpetuated right there. ” The process, she noted, has an Ivy League twist: Women are not measured merely by the   yardstick of physical beauty. A “Harvard 10,” she explained, is a mix of intellect, social status and academic je ne sais quoi. Yet the idea that men determine women’s worth, she said, made her too uncomfortable to participate. Amir Khan, a    student at a local community college, has borne uneasy witness to young men as the gatekeepers of Harvard social life. He drives a cab at night, and regularly picks up profoundly inebriated women from outside final clubs. “You give them power and they think that everyone has to kneel down to them,” Mr. Khan said of the club members. “Even with girls, that’s how they look at it. They get to pick it’s their choice. You let these kids grow up like this and they’ll have this mentality for the rest of their lives. ” In an annual survey of seniors conducted by the university, a majority continually say they view the clubs unfavorably, even though just a small fraction of the student body belongs to one. A similar, less comprehensive survey by The Harvard Crimson reflects that breakdown. The clubs have their defenders. In a letter to Dean Khurana, and made public in The Crimson, Harry R. Lewis, a former dean of Harvard College, praised the efforts to rein in behavior at a few “noxious” clubs but condemned the new measures: “The good you may achieve will in the long run be eclipsed by the bad: a College culture of fear and anxiety about nonconformity. ” The precedent of excluding members from leadership roles because of their stance is “breaking dangerous new ground,” he wrote. “By the same logic,” he pointed out, “in another year or by another dean, members of the Chilton Club, of the D. A. R. or of a political party advocating Muslim exclusion might also be considered deficient relative to Harvard’s standards of nondiscrimination. ” Robert Shibley, executive director of the Foundation for Individual Rights in Education, an organization that defends freedom of speech on college campuses, likened the sanctions to a blacklist. “It is solely up to arbitrary judgment of the authorities as to who is no longer savory enough,” he told me. “In the ’50s that would have been the Communist Party. Once you start using that as a reason to disqualify, there is no principled place to stop. ” “When you don’t have an equal opportunity for people of different points of views to participate in what’s supposed to be a marketplace of ideas,” Mr. Shibley said, “you’re impoverishing that education. ” On Mount Auburn Street, defense of the clubs is more visceral. It was a spring night at the Phoenix S. K. Club, and young women were swiftly waved in, known so well they exchanged   kisses with the doorkeeper. Inside, they danced under crystal chandeliers beside art depicting Revolutionary War soldiers. As students swayed to a live band, a young man picked up a microphone. “Everybody say hi to Dean Khurana, he’s in the back!” he yelled. The name drew curses from the dance floor. • Harvard is but the most prestigious wave in an ocean of unrest on college campuses regarding   extracurricular groups. With fraternities caught up in allegations of sexual misconduct across the country, the movement to abolish them has gained momentum. In 2014, Wesleyan University ruled that its small group of residential fraternities must integrate women. Greek organizations have been banned altogether from Amherst College. Middlebury College has replaced them with   “social houses. ” Studies underscore the connection between binge drinking, assault and Greek life. A 2007 study by John D. Foubert, a professor of higher education at Oklahoma State University, found that members of frats have three times the likelihood of committing rape as nonmembers. But whether abolishing male organizations improves the environment for women remains to be seen. “There are lots of questions we don’t have research about,” Dr. Foubert said. Good metrics are hard to come by: A rise in sexual assault complaints can be a good sign  —   “the women trust the institution more,” he said  —   and “kids can drink alcohol in any setting undetected. ” Some experts worry that bad behavior would just move underground. At Trinity College, a push to force   organizations to go coed was abandoned last year, after the president, Joanne   announced that the move appeared unlikely to foster the inclusion and equality that was hoped for. “In fact, communitywide dialogue concerning this issue has been divisive and counterproductive,” she wrote in a statement. A spokeswoman confirmed that the houses failed to attract the opposite sex, and alumni donors with Greek life ties had pulled back. Despite the turmoil, nothing seismic happened when the Fox went coed, according to one member interviewed outside the clubhouse. (He would not give his full name because the club forbids members to speak to the news media.) “People were worried that, ‘Oh, we can’t act the same way, we can’t act up,’’u2009” he said. “But I don’t see it changing. I think it’s a cool experience with having a different perspective in the club. ” Some fear what their commitment to such clubs will mean for their future. Mitchell York briefly questioned his hope to punch this year when, as a sophomore, he’ll be eligible. But the promise of lifelong friends outweighed any hesitation. It even trumped the specter of reprisal, and any anxiety of being associated with a club at the cross hairs of a conversation about sexual assault. That’s because the solution, Mr. York believes, lies in the club members themselves. “I know that I would never have an issue with what the final clubs are accused of,” he said. “People who are joining, and people who are in them currently, have to take on the responsibility to make sure that these things don’t happen. ”",0
5850,"American Airlines Suspends Charter Service to Several NFL Teams, Other Airlines May Follow - Breitbart","NFL players may soon get a reminder of how the “other half” lives, at least when it comes to travel. [According to Forbes, American Airlines suspended its charter arrangements with six NFL teams. The teams that will no longer fly American are the Cardinals, Ravens, Colts, Jaguars, Dolphins, and Steelers.  However, weirdly, American will continue to provide charters for the Cowboys, Panthers, and Eagles. American cites a lack of machinery as the reason for the discontinuation of service. According to Pro Football Talk, the charter suspension issue, “  …    extends beyond American Airlines. Delta is believed to be doing the same thing, and United could be next. The source said that roughly 20 teams currently don’t have a charter provider for the coming season, and that it could become a ‘real issue’ for the league. ” How amazing that in a league where every owner, and even some athletes, use their own private planes, that chartering flights when traveling for work could become an issue. However, it seems that’s the case. There is no question that players will have hard time making the adjustment from charter travel to commercial. Just wait until they find out about United’s “reaccomodation” policy.  Follow Dylan Gwinn on Twitter: @themightygwinn",0
5851,It Can Power a Small Nation. But This Wind Farm in China Is Mostly Idle. - The New York Times,"JIUQUAN, China  —   On the edge of the Gobi Desert, the Jiuquan Wind Power Base stands as a symbol of China’s quest to dominate the world’s renewable energy market. With more than 7, 000 turbines arranged in rows that stretch along the sandy horizon, it is one of the world’s largest wind farms, capable of generating enough electricity to power a small country. But these days, the windmills loom like scarecrows, idle and inert. The wind howls outside, but many turbines in Jiuquan, a city of vast deserts and farms in the northwest province of Gansu, have been shut off because of weak demand. Workers while away the hours calculating how much power the turbines could have generated if there were more buyers, and wondering if and when they will ever make a profit. “There’s not much we can do right now,” said Zhou Shenggang, a manager at a   energy company who oversees 134 turbines here about 60 percent of their capacity goes unused each year. “Only the state can intervene. ” China, the world’s largest emitter of greenhouse gases, has pointed to its embrace of wind and solar power and other alternatives to coal to position itself at the forefront of the global effort to combat climate change. More than 92, 000 wind turbines have been built across the country, capable of generating 145 gigawatts of electricity, nearly double the capacity of wind farms in the United States. One out of every three turbines in the world is now in China, and the government is adding them at a rate of more than one per hour. But some of its most ambitious wind projects are underused. Many are grappling with a nationwide economic slowdown that has dampened demand for electricity. Others are stymied by persistent favoritism toward the coal industry by local officials and a dearth of transmission lines to carry electricity from rural areas in the north and west to China’s   cities. That has left China unable to generate enough renewable energy to make a serious dent in air pollution and carbon emissions, despite the   building spree. Even with its unmatched arsenal of turbines, China still lags the United States. Wind power now accounts for 3. 3 percent of electricity generation in China, according to the nation’s National Energy Administration, compared with 4. 7 percent in the United States. Chinese officials have described the challenges facing the wind sector as growing pains, and they say the investments in renewable energy will pay off in the long term. The costs of wind projects are falling rapidly with advances in technology and more efficient construction, making them more competitive with plants powered by fossil fuels like coal and natural gas. And the government has vowed to continue investing heavily in renewable energy. It said this month that it intended to spend at least $360 billion through 2020 on developing renewable energy sources. Analysts said that China’s success would depend on its ability to overcome both political and practical obstacles, including resistance to renewable energy from local governments and a lack of turbines near major cities. “This is partly a political fight,” said Paolo Frankl, head of the renewable energy division at the International Energy Agency. “Still, it’s a very, very robust and solid trajectory. ” Sebastian Meyer, research and advisory director at Azure International, a   consulting firm in Beijing, said China was “leapfrogging everybody” with its investments in renewable energy but needed to push through painful policy decisions, such as allowing more flexibility in setting energy prices. “For years, they’ve been talking about   reform,” he said. “But really they need a different market approach that incentivizes more use of renewables going forward. ” The Jiuquan Wind Power Base, approved by the government in 2008, epitomized China’s ambition to become a global leader in clean energy. The government vowed to invest $17. 4 billion by 2020 and build a vast farm capable of generating 20 gigawatts of power, more than the combined wind capacity of several countries. But the unfinished project has been slow to take off, even as the government continues to build it out. Part of the problem is the location. Gansu is a barren, mountainous province, chosen for its strong winds and potential for growth. But it is far from the booming cities of eastern China, making transmission of electricity difficult. Gansu now has some of the highest rates of underutilization in the wind sector in China in 2015, 39 percent of wind capacity in the province was wasted, according to statistics compiled by the National Energy Administration. Mr. Frankl said inefficiency in Gansu was “astronomically high” and underscored the need for China to build more   transmission lines to carry electricity long distances, and to position new turbines closer to major metropolises. In Gansu and elsewhere, the central government has also run up against local resistance. Advocates for the wind industry contend that local officials have reduced production quotas for wind farms to give an advantage to coal companies. The coal industry, a major driver of economic growth in many provinces, wields significant influence in China. While the government has pledged to curb the spread of coal plants as part of its plan to make 20 percent of China’s energy renewable by 2030, it has continued to add them in some places. “The cake is only so big,” said Yan Jing, a Greenpeace activist in Beijing who studies climate change and energy issues. “It’s hard for new energy companies to take a slice from traditional players. ” Even if more transmission lines were constructed, Ms. Yan said, the government would have trouble persuading businesses along China’s heavily developed eastern coast to buy electricity from faraway provinces. “The authorities failed to consider the demand factor, namely, ‘How can we get closer to buyers? ’” she said. “There should be more development of clean energy in eastern parts of China so electricity can be absorbed locally. ” In introducing a new energy plan last week, officials acknowledged that the focus on building turbines far from urban centers had created imbalances. He Yongjian, an official at the National Energy Administration, said the government would now build a majority of new turbines in the east, partly to reduce the need to transmit power long distances. But building wind farms in the east might be difficult, given the preponderance of coal plants, a lack of strong winds and a scarcity of undeveloped land. The tepid demand for electricity in an economic downturn has also exacerbated the troubles for renewable energy. Demand for electricity grew by only 0. 5 percent in 2015, the slowest rate of growth since 1974, and it is expected to remain weak until consumer spending picks up. At the Jiuquan Wind Power Base, Mr. Zhou oversees a small wind farm for a branch of China Resources Power Holdings, a   energy company based in Shenzhen that operates two wind farms in Gansu. He said the wind industry’s problems had hurt morale and productivity. The branch in Jiuquan has made small cuts in salaries and benefits for its 32 employees because of its challenges in selling electricity. Other wind farms in the area have resorted to layoffs, according to interviews with workers. Outside the company’s offices, a walled compound along a desert highway, trucks carrying coal rumbled down dusty roads. Mr. Zhou, wearing a   uniform and fiddling with a pencil, surveyed the vast stretch of immobile turbines from his desk. “The only thing I can do is encourage my employees to do a good job,” he said. “I assure them that over the long term, the new energy sector is very promising. The difficulties right now are only temporary. ”",0
5852,Globalism: A World With No Boundaries,"Imagine a world with no boundaries, it is not hard to do, there is even a word for it, globalism.
Recently, in a feverish nightmare, I realized I am a globalist. Ultimately, I do see the world without countries. That is about as much intellectual use as one can glean from John Lennon’s famous song about a hippy commune utopia. He and I, though, are both globalists indeed, at least in a technical sense. I believe that the ultimate goal of humanity should be to live under a global tent in unity with a shared understanding, total integration, and one economy.
I believe in an objective moral truth, that I am certain others agree with when they truly think about it internally. Morality is the foundation of all that is good in the world, and one day it will be the beginning of a global community. So I agree with Hillary Clinton, with Leftists who want open trade and open borders, not only in this hemisphere but worldwide.
I agree that one day, the laws and values I hold, will be the same all over the world. Then all people can come together and live in peace. Christians, Muslims, Buddhists, Atheists, and Clinton want this too. Even Adolf Hitler was smart enough to see that there is no utopia where there are still nations with goals that do not perfectly align with each other. Hitler, despite all his obvious flaws and hate, was attempting to shape the world in his image, which he believed would bring peace and prosperity.
Even Adolf Hitler was smart enough to see that there is no utopia, where there are still nations with goals that do not perfectly align with each other. Despite his obvious flaws and hate, he was attempting to shape the world in his image, which he believed would bring peace and prosperity.
People disagree on how to achieve a global society and how it will look. Most agree that Hitler’s means were not justified, and his ends looked a bit too white-washed. Regardless of his disgusting views on how to achieve it, he believed that a society and government focused on globalism was not only achievable but inevitable. So who in their right mind would not want this? – Damned dirty conservatives.
Wait, there are conservatives who might be thinking, “Hey! I want that, too!” Those who prefer peace and accept people of all races and religions. Those who would appreciate the opportunity to visit other lands without the hassles of obtaining a passport and exchanging currency. Why not damned dirty Atheists, or Clinton, or all the other things listed? Because conservatives are mentally defective, obviously. People are even worse than Hitler, in fact, he would have cleansed them at Auschwitz, after the mentally handicapped and just before the Jews and POWs.
People are reactionary, scared of change, of Islam and homosexuals, scared of a little competition. They are stupid, too. How stupid? More stupid than Hitler.
Alright, calm down. The truth is, conservatives believe in globalism, too. The problem is, people do not like the means of achieving a global state and asserting a generalized morality, which is the great irony of the age.
Fundamentally, there are two basic ways of achieving a globalism, though it is more of a spectrum: the Force Method and the Hearts and Minds Method. Hitler was obviously an advocate of using force to achieve his goals and it almost worked. The clear weakness of the Force Method is, as one could guess, the force. People do not like to be coerced or threatened into doing something. Even if the moral reasoning is sound, coming at a person and forcing certain values upon them, does not work.
People are resigned to compromise their convictions in order to rule a force-based empire. The Romans had a particular problem forcing the Jewish people to let go of the God of Abraham and bow to the Emperor. So, Rome left them alone, for a time. China currently is trying to rid
China is currently trying to rid their country of Christianity. Some provinces are working harder than others in this attempt. They value not only a secular government but a secular citizenship, yet they are bending their values because Christians are pesky and rebellious. They are finding ways to worship in secret. This is a simple truth in rulership, even in democracies, governments will bend in the ways they have traditionally allocated resources, but in their moral values toward minorities to keep the peace.
There is an objective moral truth, and it will never change. Though people may disagree on some of the nuances. Values change, but morality does not. Murder is wrong, regardless of what the culture says. Real morality is objective, regardless of cultural values.
The Spartans would kill babies they deemed unfit to maintain their ideals of physical prowess. Some will argue against casting judgment, that is wrong, as morality is subjective. Who are humans, to tell a culture how to behave? A culture does not need to be told how to behave to believe their actions are immoral. This is one of the great ironies of America and part of why limiting government is such a foreign concept to some of the nation’s citizens.
A large segment of the American population believes they should not be told how to behave by society. These same people want the government to tell others to bake a cake for people, who they believe are committing an act against God. They are confused between their God and the nation’s encouragement for other nations to become democratic, or when the country intervenes with genocide.
Democracy is encouraged and is proven to give citizens more power and greater stability, which is good for everyone. Encouraging democracy is like a Christian encouraging Christianity. Intervening in genocides or the use of chemical weapons is upholding of ideals most of the world has agreed upon, despite vast differences in religious values.
The group I am referring to are Leftists, not liberals nor democrats in general, specifically Leftists (The alt-right is guilty of this to an extent, too). Their confusion is understandable, though indicative of a lack of thought, at least in this area. This leads them to think the government can intervene whenever they perceive an injustice, they are wronged, or they perceive their world as unfair. They fail to see the market correcting for racism and bigotry, as competition increases.
If the local baker will not bake a cake for a gay wedding. There are plenty of liberal bakers that want more business. Leftists fail to see personal responsibility as a higher moral position than sanctioning abortion. Why advocate for abortion before personal responsibility? That seems incredibly foolish.
The freest countries have been the most disciplined, and the ones that fail give into hedonism and selfishness. Individuality is important, but individuality and selfishness are entirely different things. Individuality is merely recognition that I am an individual with perspectives and desires unrelated to others and I can pursue them so long as I respect others. Selfishness is putting your individualism above a neighbor’s. This is also an ignorant and hypocritical view considering people are forced to apply this morality selectively. However, others choose to apply it when they think a baker should make a cake for someone but ignore it when someone tells them to donate some of their money to pay reparations.
Leftists like the force method, as it applies to their ideals, even when they conflict with basic American ideals written in the Constitution. It is shocking that people believe the Founding Fathers did not know what the future would hold, therefore, their morality and philosophy needs to be adjusted, and must be.
There is nothing new under the sun, every reason society has collapsed are the same ones constantly being fought against in society. Overspending, overextending, underproducing, the breakdown of societal norms in favor of selfish endeavors.
Leftists believe globally, people are beyond these problems. Sometimes I do too, but I recognize that I have been lulled into a false sense of security by the media and the ease with which I have attained creature comforts. Modern life is a struggle, but I do not have to work hard to find a means to put a roof over my head. That roof might not be as great as the American dream described, but it is strong.
The Hearts and Minds Method is much harder to achieve than the Force Method, and that is its biggest weakness. The strength is that convincing someone through reason is a far better way to get them on board with like-minded goals and keep them there. If the Third Reich wore short-sleeved button down shirts, black ties, and black slacks while using unrelenting reason to convince the Jewish people they are a scourge on the world, thus they should all kill themselves, I do not think I would have a problem with Nazism. If they could use irrefutable reason to prove their claims, then sure, but how does one even begin to reason that genocide is okay?
One of the greatest things about the Hearts and Minds Method is that it incentivizes people to act as role models. It is difficult to convince a foreign nation to try democracy when my own democracy is impregnated by a face-hugging creature and is currently in the throws of a painful, internal c-section birth, a la the movie “Aliens.” Democracy is easy to promote when people can see what it has accomplished.
As a young nation, people marveled at American universities and churches and how well established they were. They knew these institutions were the backbone and muscle of the nation, even if they disagreed with Christianity.
Democracies are rather young and do not seem to have as long a lifespan as other governments. Why is holding on to it so hard? Pure democracies and republics do not seem to last as long as kingdoms and empires with oligarchic, plutocratic, monarchic, and dynastic rules. The simple explanation is that in other governments, rulership can drastically shift to hold things together and still adhere to their morality. A king can change his rule to fit his country’s needs and values at the time. Nevertheless, when his son succeeds the throne with entirely new ideas, suddenly ruling with an iron fist, the morality of divine right still holds. A constitution is not quite so malleable. When the constitution fails, the democracy fails.
One would think it would be easier to hold on to democracy in the U.S. Most of the people believe these rights afforded by the Constitution are inalienable, they are rights regardless of whether people adhere to them or not. Americans believe them to be objectively moral. The difficulty is that these rights are unflinching, people are the opposite. When a few stories about horrible mass murderers fill the media, for weeks at a time, people flinch. Everyone knows what it feels like to flinch, but what is it really? It is that momentary lapse in reasoning and sudden reliance on instinct.
In that moment, people are unable to override natural instincts with reason. I can tell someone that I am going to go through the motions of punching them in the face but stop just before hitting them. They can keep telling their body that I will not hit them, however, when I pull back my fist and get ready, the body will start naturally tensing up, and when the punch comes, the body takes over, even though there should be no fear of pain. That is flinching.
So, in moments when Americans are particularly afraid, naturally, morals shift to fit the feeling of the moment. Despite the morality of the Constitution. It is a time to be as unflinching as the Constitution, in order to uphold it. Americans need to trust that these ideals are ultimately in line with the Constitution, even when there are moments in history that it seem to hinder, or it seems the nation has evolved past it.
Based on the relentless history of empires rising and falling, and accurately map out what steps lead to a collapse, it is easy to prove that the rate of failure is directly related to how far the people strayed from the morality established in their youth. Sometimes those moral shifts were rightly made, however, it was made in haste opening the door for exploitation.
For example, I think most agree women and minorities should have the right to vote, so long as they are citizens. Nevertheless, what happened as the country correctly shifted morality to include them as equal voters? Once, the only people allowed to vote were landowners who were white men. Therefore, remove the “white man” part and decide what it means to only let property owners vote. It essentially guarantees that the people at the polls are at least somewhat informed on the issues. They at least understand the topics that will protect their personal assets.
  anyone can vote, the uninformed, the infirm, even the dead from time to time. These people are not informed enough or sometimes even capable of making an intelligent choice. Nevertheless, they are bussed to polling stations and encouraged to vote for politicians, regardless of whether those politicians really have their best interests at heart. This is not meant to blame a particular party for this practice, it is merely meant to point out that the exploitation is possible because of a shift in morality. The consequences not fully comprehended, at the time.
It is foolish to have so many people vote, who have little idea what they are actually voting for. I do not advocate taking their votes away. It would be far better to educate people, so they can make informed decisions. Clearly, though, the moral shift toward a greater good, left the door open to exploit America’s election process. This also led to a reduction in the quality of political discourse. It incentivized pandering and dishonest rhetoric.
In the wake of the Great Depression, the United States gave more power to a centralized bank, which the Founding Fathers advised against. After the Cold War, Americans gave the CIA more power than perhaps they should have. In the wake of terrorism, citizens gave up protections for their privacy. Every time the nation is threatened, Constitutional morality is challenged and people flinched, giving up rights or the protection of those rights.
This is how empires begin to crumble, and this is also why conservatism is failing. Conservatives want to conserve ideals but even they sometimes flinch. As these ideals give way to legitimate worries about threats to the American ways of life, conservatives began to look like the group standing in the way of progress. Conservatives have been painted into a corner by the nation’s fears.
How does this make globalists like everyone else? What would the nation look like without all those historical threats to society and subtle shifts in morality? It is pretty simple, people would state their cases with reason. Spread the message by openly debating and convincing people honestly. America would not force these ideals on other nations but openly express the belief that democracy is better. It would be proven through success and testimonies from a citizenship freer than any nation has ever been.
America would remain with the free market economy and intelligently make trade deals that maintain it and be competitive. When another country, like Mexico, failed and wished to model their new government closer to the U.S., the nation would do more business with Mexico. Maybe one day, if ideals aligned close enough, they would ask to come under the Constitution. Again, this is in a perfect world. If the nation could hold it together long enough, the American way of life and governance would spread globally. It would be a glorious world where ability, hard work, and discipline would ensure a better life. Unity would be strong due to naturally aligned morality that came through reason and observation, rather than aggressive annexation and expansion.
Conservatives are indeed globalists, but they want to maintain sovereignty over themselves and will not willingly give that up. Globalism would only be accepted if it came from a mutual respect for American ideals and it came through natural processes of the free market and democratic ways of this nation.
This is by far the hardest government to achieve globally because it has the slowest burn. It necessitates nations advocating it and not actively pursue it. Allow other nations to meet America where it is and choose to be part of it, only if the nation believes they are true. It advocates expansion due to choice, not war. The time involved makes this impossible, yet it is something I still want to strive for. What makes this strategy strong is its moral foundation, what makes it weak is how strictly people must adhere to American ideals from generation to generation in order to achieve it.
That is why conservatives are so fervently fighting for their ideals because they believe this is the how globalism has promise in achieving world peace without becoming tyrannical. Even if American morality is not exactly right, this same strategy, when followed strictly by another nation should convince people to join them because the nation would be convinced rationally they have the better ideas. This is only after America has scrutinized their views meticulously against the Constitution and determined, beyond all doubt, that their way is better. This is the only intellectually honest way to govern, but it is the most difficult. Leftists will never agree to this because their frame of reference is so short-sighted, but more traditional liberals I’m sure can agree with this principle even if they disagree that it is worth following such an ideal so strictly. Leftists seek to destroy this ideal, they may not realize it, but they seek power before identity and control before peace. They are intellectually enemies to the ideals of the Constitution, but they are our brothers and sisters under the Constitution, and reason can win them over.
This is the only intellectually honest way to govern, but it is the most difficult. Leftists will never agree to this because their frame of reference is so short-sighted. More traditional liberals, I am sure can agree with this principle even if they disagree that it is worth following such an ideal so strictly. Leftists seek to destroy this ideal, they may not realize it, but they seek power before identity and control before peace. They are intellectually enemies to the ideals of the Constitution, but they are brothers and sisters under the Constitution, and reason can win them over.
Opinion by Michael Phillips
Image Courtesy of Neil Hester’s Flickr Page      global , globalism",0
5853,Here’s what would happen if Hillary Clinton were indicted or stepped down,"Print 
1. If Clinton is indicted before the election 
The FBI merely said that they are reopening their investigation to examine new emails that came to light. They have yet to even determine whether the emails are actually evidence of criminal activity, let alone decide whether or not to prosecute. Therefore, it’s highly unlikely that an indictment would come before November 8. If it did, the indictment itself wouldn’t mean that Clinton could no longer run, as an indictment is only an accusation, not a conviction…. 
2. If Clinton steps down before the election 
Should Clinton relinquish her candidacy before the election, the Democratic National Committee has rules in place for what happens next. Article 2, Section 7 of the DNC Bylaws says that if there is a vacancy on the national ticket, a special meeting of the Committee “shall be held on the call of the Chairperson,” where they would choose a new candidate. Such meetings make decisions based on a majority of those in attendance. Since we are exactly 11 days away from the election, there is one major problem: The ballot deadlines have passed in nearly every state.",0
5854,"US Drone Strike in Afghanistan Kills, Wounds Several Civilians","Attack Targeted Home of Suspected 'Taliban Commander' by Jason Ditz, October 28, 2016 Share This 
A US drone strike has killed and wounded a number of civilians in Afghanistan’s Nangarhar Province today, though exact numbers are as yet unclear, with officials claiming that the home at the center of the attack was owned by a suspected Taliban commander. 
The putative commander does not appear to have been among the casualties, though at least four people were killed within the house, and the blast also wounded a number of people in the surrounding area. At least seven children and five women are in the hospital for treatment related to the strike. 
Official Afghan statements only labeled the 12 wounded as civilians, and everyone else was not a civilian. Locals offered varying estimates, and the Taliban claimed two civilians killed and over 30 wounded in their own report on the attack. 
The Nangarhar Province has been heavily targeted by US warplanes over the past several months, though generally trying to tamp down a growing ISIS faction therein. The Taliban has had a presence in Nangarhar throughout the US occupation, as indeed they have almost everywhere along the Pakistan border. Last 5 posts by Jason Ditz",0
5855,Who’s Racist?,"Here's something interesting from The Unz Review... Recipient Name => Street Scene Near Temple University, 2016 
Over three days last week, at least 150 blacks attacked whites at random around TempleUniversity. Victims were surrounded, punched and kicked. Wallets and phones were stolen. Rocks were thrown at passing cars. When cops showed up, one was knocked from her bike and a police horse was even punched twice in the muzzle. 
Most of the assaults took place on Friday. On Saturday, Joe Lauletta, a father of one victim, reported on FaceBook : 
I spent last night in the ER at St. Mary’s HospitaI. I received a call from my daughter Christina after my sons football game. She was crying, I couldn’t understand her, my heart dropped, I became scared, I said what is the matter? Dad, I was jumped, I’m beat up pretty bad. Where r u? Temple, they stole my phone. We’re heading to the police station. I do not hear from her until she gets to her apartment. Rage is running through my mind the whole time. She said she is getting a ride home and wants to go to St. Mary’s. I find out that her and her 2 male friends where badly beaten by a group of 30-40 black teenagers on their way home from the Temple football game. This happened after they got off the subway at Broad and Cecil B Moore. These sick animals held her down and kicked and stomped on her repeatedly. Thank god, the people from the pizza place intervened. They arrested 2 people at the scene. I have not let Christina out of my sight, she is resting. Every part of her body is badly bruised, it makes me cry just thinking about it. No broken bones. If you have children at Temple, tell them to be careful. Please keep Christina Lauletta in your thoughts. 
CBS Philadelphia describes another victim’s ordeal: 
He says around 9:30 Friday night he was leaving work when he saw what looked to be at least 200 juveniles walking in large groups.He said he overheard police saying the kids were playing the knockout game. 
He says a juvenile around 10 years old started shouting obscenities at him and grabbed his phone out of his hand. The student says the juvenile then came back and threw the phone at him, striking him in the face. 
Around 15 minutes later, the student says he was walking with his girlfriend when they were approached by at least seven juveniles. The student says he went to hit the TemplePolice alert button when his girlfriend was struck by one of the juveniles. 
As the student was chasing them away, he says he was struck in the face by a someone he estimates to be eight years old. 
This is not new. In 2014, five black girls, aged 17, 15, 15, 15 and 14, committed three separate attacks on random white people at TempleUniversity. Struck across the face with a brick, a 19-year-old white student suffered a fractured jaw and nearly had her teeth knocked out. Her 15-year-old assailant, Zaria Estes , was given a 2 ½-6 year sentence. 
Across America, gangs of blacks have beaten random people for decades, just for the sport of it. This cathartic recreation has been dubbed wilding, catch and wreck , knock out game or flash mob, and it can happen at parks, shopping malls, state fairs or even your living room. 
In 2012, a mentally-handicapped woman was relaxing on her stoop in Chester, just outside Philadelphia, when she was attacked by six black teenaged girls. When the terrified woman tried to flee inside, they rushed into her living room to continue the savage beating . Had these girls not posted their exhilarating workout on FaceBook, they might never have been caught. 
A white bartender at my neighborhood dive was attacked, just outside her front door, by a group of black kids around 12 years old. After throwing a rock at her head and knocking her down, they kicked her a few times as she curled up on the ground, then they scattered. “Just like that, it was over. All I could do was go inside and cry.” 
Not surprisingly, the latest incident at TempleUniversity has received scant media attention. Though AP did cover it, it never pointed out that these were racial crimes. As usual, only “teens” are fingered, with their race not mentioned. Had mobs of whites attacked random blacks, the entire world would have known about it by now. 
Locally, a black writer editorializes in the Philadelphia Inquirer that gentrification is ultimately responsible. In “BehindTemple attacks, rage often comes with exclusion,” Solomon Jones explains : ORDER IT NOW 
In a city where poverty is concentrated outside the universities, we can’t truly expect the poor to watch jobs and wealth and excess pass them by without any reaction at all. 
To be sure, violence is the wrong response. And the kids who engaged in it will surely be prosecuted, as they should be. 
But I believe those teens are expressing something that has long simmered beneath the surface. They are expressing the rage that comes with exclusion. They are expressing the hurt that comes with invisibility. They are engaged in the inevitable push and pull of change. 
TempleUniversity, my alma mater, has reached out to the community with scholarships for local youth, according to spokesman Ray Betzner. They’ve put reading programs in place, tutored high schoolers and even talked to their own students about respecting longtime community residents. But Temple would be wise to reach out into the community with an eye toward creating stronger relationships and greater opportunities for the young people who’ve been pushed aside by a generation of exclusionary development. 
The community would be wise to reach back. 
So these attackers are among “people who’ve been pushed aside by a generation of exclusionary development.” Like many urban universities, Temple is surrounded by black ghettos , but these are being gentrified thanks to a steady influx of white suburbanites and immigrants. 
If you’re barely treading water, and your rent jacks up because of gentrification, you’ll be pissed too. Who wants to be evicted? Blacks, though, are always the victims, and never agents, of any neighborhood’s improvement. Why is that? 
In Detroit, a post-apocalypse ghetto of burnt out houses, gutted factories and urban raccoons, Mexicans revived a section near downtown. Unlike the rest of Detroit, there are plenty of restaurants and shops in Mexicantown, and it’s perfectly safe to walk around. 
If there were fewer Mexicans, blacks would have more jobs, obviously, so why are our borders wide open? In “ Race and Crime in America,” Ron Unz suggests that Hispanics are being imported to replace blacks. They can do the same jobs, sans mayhem. In 1992, East Palto had the highest murder rate in all of America. Then a transformation happened as Hispanics flooded in. Ron Unz: 
Over the last twenty years, the homicide rate in that small city dropped by 85%, with similar huge declines in other crime categories as well, thereby transforming a miserable ghetto into a pleasant working-class community, now featuring new office complexes, luxury hotels, and large regional shopping centers. Multi-billionaire Facebook CEO Mark Zuckerberg and his wife recently purchased a large $9 million home just a few hundred feet from the East Palo Alto border, a decision that would have been unthinkable during the early 1990s. 
The more blacks there are in a neighborhood, the more crimes, the lower the housing values and the more dysfunctional the public schools, and everyone knows this, including, say, a fresh-off-the-boat immigrant from Mali or Bangladesh. Black maladaptation is only getting worse. 
What you have, then, is a group that will largely be excluded from better jobs, universities and housing. As long as the United States shall last, blacks will be an underclass. Their symbolic successes, as in having a half-black president, can’t gloss over the fact that the majority of them are barely afloat. 
The in-state tuition for TempleUniversity is $15,688, and the school accepts 56% of its applicants. It’s reasonably priced and easy to get in. Only 13.1% of Temple students are black, however, in a city with 44.1% blacks. Before you charge racism, do consider what Walter Williams has to say : 
Among high-school students who graduated in 2014 and took the ACT college readiness exam, here’s how various racial/ethnic groups fared when it came to meeting the ACT’s college readiness benchmarks in at least three of the four subjects: Asians, 57 percent; whites, 49 percent; Hispanics, 23 percent; and blacks, 11 percent. However, the college rates of enrollment of these groups were: Asians, 80 percent; whites, 69 percent; Hispanics, 60 percent; and blacks, 57 percent. 
Though all races are being admitted to college too liberally, blacks benefit the most, for only 1/5th of blacks in universities should even be there. Feeling out of place, blacks across the country are demanding separate dormitories. ORDER IT NOW 
Blacks are also given preferred treatment when it comes to government jobs and contracts, so the academy, state and media are all in their favor, yet their failures have only increased. 
In Ethnic America , Thomas Sowell observes, “The [black] race as a whole has moved from a position of utter destitution—in money, knowledge, and rights—to a place alongside other groups emerging in the great struggles of life. None have had to come from so far back to join their fellow Americans.” 
Having achieved not just civic equality but, at times, even favored treatment, blacks still often find themselves on the losing end of life’s struggles. If you dare to suggest that individual blacks should bear at least some responsibilities for their failures, however, you will be branded a racist. 
So I’m a racist for writing this, Walter Williams is a racist for pointing out that most blacks attending college shouldn’t be there, and Joe Lauletta is a racist for calling his daughter’s attackers “sick animals.” Everyone is a racist except those 150+ blacks who attacked whites unprovoked. 
To many black apologists, blacks can’t be guilty of anything, be it murder, rape, a brick across your face or even racism, because everything they do is just a response to relentless white racism. I’ll insist, though, that these black apologists are the worst racists of all, because to deny someone of moral agency is to reduce him to an animal. 
As for the media, their steady suppression or excuse of black misbehavior is an encouragement of even worse. This has to be intentional. They’re enabling more riots, more catch and wrecks, more knock out games. 
Teaching in Germany, I showed my students the Philadelphia Police Department’s YouTube channel, without comments. One video after another had a black person assaulting or robbing somebody. When a Hispanic criminal suddenly appeared in the 9th video or so, some students couldn’t help but grin, for they were fleetingly spared of the monotony. 
Since the students wanted to learn about the US, I gave them an authentic, unedited glimpse. At their local cinema, Straight Out of Compton was playing. It’s very cool to act black in Germany . 
Of course, black apologists will claim that American blacks only rob because they’re oppressed and poor, though I don’t see how this explains the 22,000+ black-on-white rapes/sexual assaults reported yearly, as compared to zero white-on-black sexual attacks. (See table 42 of the Department of Justice’s Criminal Victimization in the United States reports for 2003 , 2004 , 2005 , 2006 , 2007 and 2008 , the last year available.) Oh yes, white women are so fetishized, blacks can’t help but rape them. None of them can help doing anything, I get it. What a gross insult this is to decent blacks. 
Again, to deny someone of moral agency is to reduce him to an animal. 
Linh Dinh is the author of two books of stories, five of poems, and a novel, Love Like Hate . He’s tracking our deteriorating socialscape through his frequently updated photo blog, Postcards from the End of America .",0
5856,There’s More to Rosé Than You May Think - The New York Times,"Summer arrives, and along with it, rosé and enough wine clichés to float a cruise ship. You may have heard endless odes to “the pink wine” and its “moment in the sun,” how “it’s not just a drink, it’s a lifestyle,” and so on. It’s not just rosé season, it’s silly season. Prepare yourselves for plenty more foolishness about rosé from marketers, who have a product to sell, and from wine writers, who ought to know better. Some will argue that rosé, unlike other wines, is absolved from critical evaluation. It’s fun, it’s carefree, it’s casual. Leave it alone, they will say. Or as Jay McInerney, the novelist and wine writer, once put it, “Anyone who starts analyzing the taste of a rosé in public should be thrown into the pool immediately. ” Here at Wine School, our critical antennas are always tuned in. No wine is immune from evaluation, though situations like pool parties, picnics and casual   are not conducive for critical pontifications. Wine oratory and pretentiousness are never welcome, though judgment always is. Even a lighthearted wine should be earnestly produced and offer some level of interest beyond a pretty color. Why shouldn’t rosé be treated like other wines? Such thinking is an insult to rosé, and to consumers, though a boon for cynical producers, who may take it as a free pass to make bad rosé. You’ll have no trouble finding plenty of that. At Wine School, we always try to separate common sense from nonsense. With rosé, that begins by ignoring efforts to diminish expectations. Educated consumers should demand more from a wine than   labels or celebrity  . Such marketing may well have contributed to rosé’s skyrocketing seasonal popularity, but we’re more interested in which wines we like, which ones we don’t, and why. As many bad rosés as you may find  —   manufactured industrially to create precisely the right shade of pink and just the right fruit aromas, with maybe a little sweetness for the   lovers  —   good rosés abound, too. These are likely to be bone dry, though not always. They will be balanced with aromas, flavors and colors arrived at naturally, without manipulation on the assembly line. For the last month, we have been focusing on rosés from Provence, the region historically associated with rosé and the pastoral images it conjures. While good rosés can be found from almost every wine region in the world, we are dealing with fundamentals, so Provence seemed a good place to start. As usual, I recommended three wines and invited readers to drink them and share their thoughts by commenting at nytimes. . The three bottles I selected were: Commanderie de Peyrassol Côtes de Provence Rosé 2015, Mas de Gourgonnier Les Baux de Provence Rosé 2015 and Château de Pibarnon Bandol Rosé 2015. Not surprisingly, these are very young wines. Almost all the rosé sold each summer is from the most recent vintage. Consumers, for really no particularly good reason, demand it, so producers rush their bottles to market in May. As a result, the vast majority of rosés are made to drink immediately. They are easy, ephemeral, and by the time Labor Day rolls around and wine shops are slashing prices, they are already on their way down. But the most serious rosés will benefit from a little more bottle age. If you see good Bandol rosés from 2014 or even earlier, or bottles from other top Provençal producers like Clos Cibonne or Château Simone, try them. They are likely to be more expensive than the easier rosés, but you may be surprised at the complexity that has developed. I would have wanted to pick older rosés just for fun, but frankly, they are not widely enough available for our purposes. So the 2015s were the choice. The Mas de Gourgonnier, made primarily of grenache but with small amounts of cabernet sauvignon, cinsault, syrah and mourvèdre, was the   tasting of wildflowers, red berries and citrus. It could have been the proverbial   wine: light, lively and fresh. The Commanderie de Peyrassol had a little more going on. It’s made of cinsault, grenache and syrah in proportions that depend on the vintage, and I found it long, deep and earthy, with flavors of lime, anise and hot rocks. That underlying mineral edge made it especially delicious. Yet it, too, was fresh and lively and could fill that poolside role well. The Pibarnon, by contrast, seemed bigger, maybe a little too big for the pool party. It was made mostly of mourvèdre, with the remainder cinsault, and it was deeper and more complex than the other two. I usually love Bandol rosés for their savory chalk and licorice flavors, but this one had an added touch of what seemed to me ripe tropical fruit. Sniffing the wine, it seemed intrusive, though I enjoyed the fruit and gravelly flavors on the palate. Each of these wines went beautifully, I thought, with a dish of wild salmon with garlic butter, from an exceptional and easy recipe by my colleague Melissa Clark. Anchovies and garlic are signature Provençal flavors, and perhaps that accounts for why the dish and the wines seemed such a triumphantly delicious pairing. Not everybody found the rosés to be as versatile with food as their reputation suggests. Jane Montgomery of Washington, D. C. reported that she loved drinking a Whispering Angel rosé from Château d’Esclans. “It was crisp and airy and tasted like you’d just licked a rocky outcropping along the beach,” she said. “Interestingly, it was also the least successful wine pairing experience I’ve ever had. ” She said that the wine didn’t clash with her meal of grilled kebabs and fattoush, but that it added nothing, and she wondered whether all rosés from the region were similarly lacking in versatility. I understand her frustration. A synergy of food, wine and conversation is always my goal at a meal. I’m at a loss to explain the failure of this pairing, though. It seemed to me to be a good one. Other readers reported mixed results. Ferguson of Princeton, N. J. who found all three rosé selections, said that a pairing with winter squash risotto was a dud but that the wines were wonderful with a pizza with anchovies, olives and caramelized onions. Not unexpected. As Ferguson noted, salty foods are very good with Provençal rosés. On the other hand, Brian Hall of Highland Park, Ill. likened rosé to a   utility player in baseball because of its versatility, and suggested that this quality allowed rosé to be enjoyed   rather than just in the summer. Jammer in Vermont has also become a   rosé drinker, and offered an enticing, if novel image: “There is nothing as lovely as having a rustic lamb dinner on a snowy New England winter night accompanied by a lovely   Bandol from Provence. ” I’ve long been in favor of freeing rosé from its summer confinement. Serious rosés transcend the   imagery of marketers, as Jammer suggests, and despite some of the pairing failures, I still believe rosé can complement a variety of foods that people want to eat  . One reader had a particularly innovative idea for rosé. VSB, to honor the 13th anniversary of wiping out   debt, created a Freedom Pink cocktail. I’m not usually one to add anything to wine, but this seemed intriguing. Here’s the recipe: “Muddle 2 sliced strawberries and 8 raspberries in the bottom of a pint glass. Add 6 ounces of the Peyrassol or other rosé. Fill with seltzer, stir gently to float the fruit, add a few ice cubes. Garnish with a sprig of mint. ” Now that’s versatility.",0
5857,WSJ: MILO’s Campus Tour Stirs Free-Speech Debate - Breitbart,"From Douglas Belkin writing at the Wall Street Journal:[The tour by Milo Yiannopoulos is sparking reaction from more groups than any recent speaker has on college campuses, heightening tensions between free speech and public safety. “This is broader than anything we’ve seen in the past” few years, said Dan Mogulof, a spokesman for the University of California, Berkeley, where Mr. Yiannopoulos is set to speak Wednesday. Mr. Yiannopoulos, a    writer for the Breitbart News Network, has been riling college campuses across the country since last year, when several private schools canceled his engagements, citing security concerns. Protests center on Mr. Yiannopoulos’s attacks on feminist and gay leaders and the Black Lives Matter movement. His university supporters say Mr. Yiannopoulos, who is gay and grew up in Britain, adds a   perspective to a debate at universities that is dominated by the left. Read the rest of the story at the Wall Street Journal.",0
5858,On Mass Media and its Perceived Prerogatives,"DISPATCHES FROM DANIEL ESPINOSA working to defeat the Big Lie in all its forms 
J ulian Assange has taken from the political elites their de facto right to conceal their actions from the public they claim to serve. But if we can learn anything from WikiLeaks is that a veil of secrecy many times concealS self-interest taken to a criminal degree. 
Many journalists and researchers have shown us in the past that political and business elites prefer not to discuss policy with the rabble . Even as elections are many times represented as a rather weak (or limited) form of democracy, political elites demand to control them nonetheless. Quoting Hillary Clinton addressing the Israeli press in 2006: 
“I do not think we should have pushed for an election in the Palestinian territories. I think that was a big mistake. And if we were going to push for an election, then we should have made sure that we did something to determine who was going to win”. (1) 
Nothing out of the ordinary for the already notorious Democrat behind the infamous “we came, we saw, he died”, referring to Gaddafi’s murder, or “can´t we just drone this guy?”, referring to Assange. American propaganda is not only pervasive but utterly false and hypocritical, mostly based on manufactured fears. 
For some politicians, democracy, or a fair trial, is not for everyone. This disdain for democratic values is deeply rooted in Western societies, as Noam Chomsky and Michael Parenti, to mention just two noted scholars, have extensively covered throughout their work, even figures as central to modern liberal journalism as Walter Lippmann regarded the masses as “ignorant and meddlesome outsiders”, meaning regular citizens should be “spectators”, not “participants”, whose only duty is to show up every couple of years to ratify decisions made elsewhere. 
If information empowers, WikiLeaks should be recognized as a democratic tool, redistributing power in times when it is obscenely concentrated. This is extremely disturbing for the subservient corporate media, as we can easily observe in the reaction of many of its [putative] journalists: 
“Bravo, Ecuador. This isn’t about silencing Assange and suppressing his operation. It’s about preventing the Ecuadorean embassy from doubling as headquarters for a Putin-Assange campaign to discredit Clinton” . (A Chicago Tribune editorial celebrating Ecuador’s President Correa cutting off Assange’s internet, 10/19/16). T he negative association of Putin with Trump has been helpful in condemning Assange, who by himself is often considered a positive influence in Western politics (especially when attacking the Republican Party). The fabrication of a plan between Russia and WikiLeaks to influence American elections is, of course, not only patently ludicrous given the advanced state of putrefaction of American democracy itself, hardly a damsel whose virtue is in peril, never as exemplary as propagandists would have us believe, but simply an excuse for pseudo journalists and the punditocracy to ignore the contents of the leaks and drive the public’s attention toward Putin and Russia, as in those golden days when many things could be associated with the “Red Scare”. 
Thus, as they speculate about how deep Putin’s nose is inserted in US politics and all the similarities between him and past mythological demons threatening America, these characters look away from the reality of the decomposing political system they still cling to. 
Their task has been made simpler by the obnoxious nature of Clinton’s adversary. With his racist and misogynistic rhetoric, Trump stands as the easy-to-hate billionaire/villain, and yet he isn’t pushing for a no-fly zone over Syria, an innocent sounding notion that could easily escalate into something truly catastrophic. B ut corporate media, being a tool of the corporate ruling class which also controls the military and all major banking and commercial entities in the nation and around the globe, rarely speak against military intervention, especially when framed as ‘humanitarian’, the latest p.r. label concocted by the spin doctors to disguise naked imperial aggression.
Going to war, expanding imperial domains and influence, promoting Wall Street interests, all that while selling the narrative of the ‘enemies of freedom’ is exactly what the American establishment demands of its presidents. As an extension of those interests, corporate media—as previously noted—also demands to be the sole apparatus in charge of shaping public opinion in the direction of which candidates to choose from, and what qualities such people should exhibit . Unsurprisingly, transmitting a truthful portrait of Hillary Clinton is off-limits, as it would seriously question her political legitimacy. 
This explains ridiculous claims as that from CNN host Chris Cuomo in regard to Wikileaks, stating that, “…remember, it’s illegal to possess these stolen documents. It’s different for the media. So everything you learn about this, you’re learning from us”. WikiLeaks has in fact managed to redirect some attention to HRC’s longstanding dirty ways to do politics, with its known costs to third world ‘regimes’ and overall peace, as well as her predilection for Wall Street sponsors. Trump does not necessarily represent anything substantively different, but the illusion of choice is fundamental in our capitalist democracies. As former UK Ambassador turned human rights activist Craig Murray puts it: “You will not get a clear analysis of these issues from the mainstream media. That is because they are of course part of the money/power nexus in which Clinton is intimately connected, and they expect Clinton to win. I think their fear of Trump is exaggerated. He and Clinton are two plutocrat candidates in a system laughingly labelled democracy. They move in the same social and financial circles”. (2) That may explain the haste by some media to celebrate Rafael Correa for unplugging Assange’s internet connection recently, a mere gesture that “does not prevent the WikiLeaks organization from carrying out its journalistic activities”, as the Ecuadorian government emphasized. 
This attitude towards Assange and WikiLeaks is shared by international media, with Ecuador’s press also expressing frustration and suggesting the inconvenience of standing against the American political establishment. 
Examples of this subservient spirit abound in the media: “…unless the Ecuadorian government is voluntarily inserting itself in this global chessboard that has inflamed the conflict between US and Russia, and threatens [to] seriously distort US elections, letting Assange continue with his plan is going to sink Ecuadorian foreign policy… it’s –literally- a diplomatic suicide” . (3) 
Standing against the de facto powers of the Western world is sure to provoke this kind of reaction, but the real distortion of US elections came before (way before) WikiLeaks, that’s exactly one of the many functions of corporate media: to misrepresent its profoundly worthless and highly compromised leaders for easier public consumption. 
What Ecuador is doing is protecting a very important source of information that is reminding the world about the importance of political transparency, as it would (presumably) do with any journalist living inside its territory. 
Notes: Kurson, Ken. 2006 Audio Emerges of Hillary Clinton Proposing Rigging Palestine Election. (Observer, 10/28/16) [http://observer.com/2016/10/2006-audio-emerges-of-hillary-clinton-proposing-rigging-palestine-election/] Murray, Craig. Boring or Annoying Things We Have to Know. (Craig Murray, 29/10/16) [https://www.craigmurray.org.uk/archives/2016/10/boring-annoying-things-know/] Jaramillo, Grace. ¿En qué estamos metidos? (El Comercio, Ecuador, 09/14/16) [http://www.elcomercio.com/opinion/opinion-gracejaramillo-julianassange-londres-diplomacia.html] 
ABOUT THE AUTHOR Associate Editor Daniel Espinosa Winder (34) lives in Caraz, a small city in the Andes of Peru. He graduated in Communication Sciences in Lima and started researching mainstream media and more specifically, propaganda. His writings are a often a critique of the role of mass media in our society. Daniel also serves as Editorial Director for TGP’s Spanish Language edition. =SUBSCRIBE TODAY! NOTHING TO LOSE, EVERYTHING TO GAIN.= free • safe • invaluable If you appreciate our articles, do the right thing and let us know by subscribing. It’s free and it implies no obligation to you— ever. We just want to have a way to reach our most loyal readers on important occasions when their input is necessary. In return you get our email newsletter compiling the best of The Greanville Post several times a week. Print this post if you want. Share This:",0
5859,Man Held After London Knife Attack That Killed an American - The New York Times,"LONDON  —   A    Norwegian man was arrested on suspicion of murder after a knife attack in Central London that killed an American woman and wounded five people, the Metropolitan Police said on Thursday. The attack on Wednesday night, on the eastern corner of Russell Square in Bloomsbury  —   a neighborhood known for its handsome garden squares that is home to the British Museum and several universities  —   immediately raised fears about terrorism. But after investigating through the night, the police said there was no evidence that the attack was politically motivated. “Whilst the investigation is not yet complete, all of the work that we have done so far increasingly points to this tragic incident as having been triggered by mental health issues,” Assistant Commissioner Mark Rowley, the top counterterrorism official at the Metropolitan Police, said in a statement. “At this time we believe this was a spontaneous attack and the victims were selected at random. ” The police had said in a statement early Thursday morning that terrorism was “one line of inquiry being explored,” but they later backed away from that theory. “So far we have found no evidence of radicalization or anything that would suggest the man in our custody was motivated by terrorism,” Mr. Rowley told reporters outside New Scotland Yard, the Police Headquarters. Mr. Rowley said the attacker was a Norwegian citizen of Somali ancestry, but that his background did not appear to be “relevant to the motivation for his actions. ” The woman who was killed was an American citizen, and the five wounded people, two women and three men, were citizens of Australia, Britain, Israel and the United States, Mr. Rowley said. All were hospitalized, and three were treated and released. Scotland Yard confirmed late Thursday that the American woman who was stabbed to death was Darlene Horton, 64, the wife of an American professor of psychology from Florida State University, Richard Wagner. Professor Wagner had been teaching in a summer program in London. The summer program had ended, and the couple had planned to fly home on Thursday, according to a statement released by the university. “There are no words to express our heartache over this terrible tragedy,” said John Thrasher, Florida State’s president. “We will do all we can to assist Professor Wagner and his loved ones, as well as his friends and colleagues in the psychology department, as they mourn. ” In Norway, the National Criminal Investigation Service said in a statement that it was cooperating with the British authorities. The man immigrated to Britain from Norway as a child in 2002, the agency said. The first call about the attack came at 10:33 p. m. the London police said. Armed officers arrived six minutes later and used a stun gun to disable the suspect. He was treated at a hospital and then taken into custody at a police station in South London. “This morning, we have searched an address in North London and will search another in South London,” Mr. Rowley told reporters. Helen Edwards, 33, who lives in the area, was passing through Russell Square when she came across armed police officers, a rare sight in London. “When I arrived, the police cordon was up, there were a lot of armed police, police cars, ambulance,” she said in a telephone interview, estimating that she had arrived about an hour after the attack. She began taking pictures and stayed in the area off and on, into the morning. “It was only yesterday that the police were announcing having more armed police on the streets of London,” Ms. Edwards said. “It was almost like because that was in my mind, it wasn’t quite as much of a surprise as it perhaps would have been otherwise. ” “There wasn’t a huge sense of panic I couldn’t tell whether it was some kind of incident or whether it was just an alert,” she said. “It was obvious that if something had happened it was under control. ” Mayor Sadiq Khan  said in a statement on Thursday that the “safety of all Londoners” was his top priority and expressed his sympathy for the victims. The attack occurred just hours after officials announced the start of Operation Hercules, an initiative that included the addition of 600 armed officers in the city to better protect it against an attack. Handguns were effectively banned in Britain after a school massacre in 1996, and most police officers do not carry firearms. Mr. Rowley said of the police who responded: “They detained an armed and dangerous man, and resolved it using the minimum necessary force: No shots were fired. We should be proud of them and the British tradition of using the minimum necessary force. ” Mr. Khan, who was elected in May, vowed during his campaign to “challenge gang culture and knife crime head on,” and recently said, after a fatal stabbing in North London, that he was “extremely worried” about knife crime. The police have been on heightened alert after a series of terrorist attacks in Europe. “We have all watched the recent terrorist atrocities unfold with a terrifying and depressing sense of horror and dread,” Bernard   the Metropolitan Police commissioner, wrote in a commentary last weekend in the newspaper The Mail on Sunday, in which he announced the deployment of the 600 additional armed officers. On July 7, 2005, 52 people were killed in four suicide bombings in London  —   two of which were not far from Russell Square  —   set off by Islamist militants. The most recent murder in the country linked to terrorism occurred on May 22, 2013, when an   Army soldier, Lee Rigby, was run over with a car and then hacked to death near a barracks in Woolwich, in Southeast London.  Reflecting on the heightened state of security across Europe, Ms. Edwards, the resident who came across the aftermath of the crime, said: “I don’t feel unsafe. I think every major city comes with its risks. ” She added: “London as a city has been through a lot, has survived a lot and the people survived a lot. It’s at the back of your mind. But I think that if you’re constantly worried about it, you just wouldn’t live here anyway. ”",0
5860,Thank You FBI! You Helped To Make President Clinton,"- Advertisement - What the heck was FBI Director James Comey thinking? Three emails found with the name ""Clinton"" in them on disgraced, serial genitals photographer, Anthony Weiner's computer, amounts to an investigation tantamount to and obliquely suggestive of criminal behavior. Not satisfied to insert himself and the FBI into the political maelstrom of the 2106 presidential campaign, FBI Director, James B. Comey, a lifelong Republican, has now made himself and the agency a complete laughing stock in its dealings with Hillary Rodham Clinton. He should do the right thing and resign over this monumental fumble that reeks of political Republican bias. I find it very hard to see just how he's going to continue effectively running the FBI when he's done so much to undermine its legendary independency and penchant for secrecy that has made it one of the most feared and respected law enforcement agencies in the world. Now Comey's action has rendered this proud and efficient agency as a dopey version of the Keystone Kops. A kind of Uncle Gadget-like approach to anything Clinton perhaps a reaction by political osmosis contaminated by his brethren in the Congress. The unprecedented FBI press conference before his congressional hearing led by his witch-hunting party, turned out to be an expensive joke as the so-called secret information gleaned from a private email server in Hillary Clinton's basement could only yield a few lines of ""confidential"" classification. This forced Comey and his angry Republican kin in Congress to express outrage that he did not have HRC charged, well, for ""something."" Never mind the EVIDENCE of deliberate criminal action was a scarce as a Dodo bird. Comey, perhaps smarting at the stinging rebuke from his cohorts in Congress who thought that he was letting her off the hook or that he was ""a sell out,"" might have wanted to get back in their good books by sending a letter so immature and, well, stupid, as to draw peals of uncontrolled fits of laughter if this was not the end of a unique presidential election. It is serious when the head of the FBI writes Congress and hints of something nefarious. Eleven days out and Comey springs his ""October Surprise"" perhaps trying to send a subtle dog whistle to Republican voters that HRC ""might, perhaps, could be"" dragged up on unnamed and unspecified criminal charged so, by default, vote for Donald Trump. How else is this to be interpreted? The timing, the vagueness, ""draw your own conclusioness"" of the letter, and the careful use of language that was not definitive or direct but with enough spin to suggest that there MIGHT BE SOMETHING AMISS THERE -- at last! But the Comey revelation and clumsy letter writing immediately backfired when it was revealed that the computer was NOT HRC's own, and had all to do with the silly little twit named one Anthony Weiner, whose penchant for making himself an utter ass is without parallel. Poor HRC had NOTHING to do with this. Almost immediately the Republican amen chorus that was singing the demise of HRC and the praises of the Orange-haired One, gulped air like a fish stranded on dry land. The self-righteous, chest thumping, and the gleeful orgasmic teetering that welcomed this new HRC ""email revelation"" and fumble ended as immediately as it started. Nah, that was definitely not the political manna from heaven that these bozos were desperately praying for. That and a bolt of God-fearing, Bible-brimstone-and-fire lightening to strike the Demon HRC! - Advertisement - Within two hours the semi-hard doo-doo struck the proverbial fan scattering its stench on the faces of Comey, Trump, Paul Ryan and all of the mainstream media pundits and anchors who rushed so quickly to judgment and pulled out their lariats to hang HRC from the nearest tree. With stinky egg on their goofy faces and sheepish grins all around, HRC marched (the Rasta men would say ""trod"") to the microphones and demanded that Comey and the Keystone Kops release the emails. Show and tell the American people she demanded -- ladylike. That's called ""calling your bluff."" And, by crickey! She's an old hand at that! Again she demonstrated and proved --once more (how many times does she have to freakin' prove it?) that she is as fit as a fiddle to be president of the United States. The bunch of childish, clownish clumsy boys that she's had to fend off all of her life looked sullen and morose. Chest-fallen -- I like that word! I could hear them crying: Bummer! We sure thought that we had her this time! And just as immediately the calls came for Comey to explain and resign. He's the fall guy, the patsy, the one who wrote the letter. Serves him right! The feisty, petite dynamo showed just how big her cajones are and just how tough she is by COMPLETELY IGNORING Donald Trump's Twitter tantrums, Paul Ryan's hot-and-cold silliness, Mitch McConnell's growing senility, and the rest of the GOP's sorry-brigade pouting and mammy bellowing and wailing. What a gal! She does not have to yell, scream, and get the FBI director to do something foolish to win this election. Madame, you have withstood this unnecessary, unfair, unjust, unprincipled and undemocratic attacks, targeted maligning and political obsession with you and then some. If you were a man subjected to the same level of attacks you would have certainly cracked already. You make these guys look as so many wimps and wusses. But you're made of sterner stuff. We who have watched and followed your stellar and outstanding career know that only too well. Comey by his really, really poor lack of judgment and bad political calculations has just strengthened your position. The thing backfired and has now blown up in their collective faces. You should laugh out loud -- but not now. Wait until November 8 and then have a big, hearty Hillary Clinton laugh from you feet on up. For now it's the home stretch and you're almost there. - Advertisement -",0
5861,Larken Rose on the Immorality of Voting,"Podcast: Play in new window | Download | Embed 
Your vote is statistically meaningless and will not sway the (s)election. Your vote is strategically meaningless and decides nothing about the future of the country. Your vote is useless, as the (s)election is rigged anyway. But as Larken Rose of LarkenRose.com reminds us, what really matters is that voting is immoral, legitimizing a system of authoritarian control and empowering the oligarchs who created the system and control its results. 
CLICK HERE for show notes and mp3 audio for this conversation",0
5862,Hillary Clinton and Elizabeth Warren Take Aim at Donald Trump - The New York Times,"CINCINNATI  —   They stormed the stage together wearing similarly colored clothes  —   hues that almost perfectly matched the bold blue of Hillary Clinton’s presidential campaign logo. With a “Stronger Together” sign hanging in the background and a Katy Perry pop song blaring from the speakers, they cheered each other on like old pals, cracking jokes about Donald J. Trump and pointing with enthusiasm at a young supporter who waved a placard that read “Girl Power. ” Senator Elizabeth Warren of Massachusetts, a towering political figure among today’s liberal Democrats, brought her energy, folksy appeal and populist roar to a candidate not known for energizing crowds. For Ms. Warren, the joint event with Mrs. Clinton here on Monday, the first time the two Democrats campaigned onstage together, was a moment for her to elevate her profile as the liberal voice of the party and a favorite to be vice president. For Mrs. Clinton, it was a chance to woo the party’s liberal wing and convince economically   voters that she, too, is a populist champion running for president to improve their lives. “I got into this race because I wanted to even the odds for people who have the odds stacked against them,” Mrs. Clinton told the crowd. “To build an economy that works for everyone, not just those at the top, we have got to go big and we have got to go bold. ” Mrs. Clinton stood onstage grinning and nodding, her hands clasped calmly at her waist, as Ms. Warren eviscerated Mr. Trump in remarks that lasted roughly half as long as Mrs. Clinton’s   address. Ms. Warren told an electrified crowd of roughly 2, 600 gathered in the grand corridor of the Cincinnati Museum Center, under murals of factory and farmworkers, that the presumptive Republican nominee would “crush you into the dirt to get whatever he wants. ” And when Ms. Warren, a onetime critic of Mrs. Clinton, turned from the lectern to face the presumptive Democratic nominee, declaring that she “has never backed down” from fighting for the middle class, Mrs. Clinton flashed a wide, satisfied smile, appearing to let out a sigh of relief that she had the liberal senator from Massachusetts in her corner. She mouthed two simple words to her supercharged surrogate: “Thank you. ” The event was the culmination of warming relations between Mrs. Clinton and Ms. Warren, who has criticized the financial policies of the Bill Clinton era. Before she was a senator, Ms. Warren turned her ire on Mrs. Clinton, then a New York senator, for shifting her position to support bankruptcy legislation that would have made it more difficult for families to get debt relief. Those differences seemed a distant memory on Monday as Mrs. Clinton struck an almost identical tone and praised Ms. Warren’s   in the Senate. “Some of the best TV since Elizabeth came to the Senate is on ” Mrs. Clinton said. “Whenever you see her pressing a bank executive or a regulator for answers,” she continued. “Remember: She is speaking for every single American who is frustrated and fed up. ” Both women framed their remarks on Monday by portraying Mr. Trump as a selfish corporate titan whose business record has not benefited American workers. Mrs. Clinton reeled off a list of   Trump enterprises. “Trump suits were made in Mexico,” she said. “Trump furniture is made in Turkey, instead of Cleveland. Trump barware is made in Slovenia, instead of Toledo. ” Living up to her newfound reputation as Trump    Ms. Warren roused the crowd with stinging criticism of the Manhattan businessman. But she also appeared cautious not to overshadow her party’s presumptive nominee, looking back at Mrs. Clinton occasionally as she spoke, as if in deference to an elder. “Donald Trump says he’ll make America great again,” Ms. Warren said, calling his slogan “goofy,” a take on Mr. Trump’s favorite insult for the Massachusetts senator. “I ask, for who exactly? For families that don’t fly to Scotland to play golf?” In response, Mr. Trump’s campaign called Ms. Warren a “sellout” for supporting Mrs. Clinton, pointing to the presumptive Democratic nominee’s Wall Street donors. In an interview with NBC News, Mr. Trump called Ms. Warren a “racist” and “a total fraud. ” Many in the crowd viewed the joint event as a practice run for what could transpire should Mrs. Clinton select Ms. Warren as her running mate. While an   ticket is unlikely, James Hamilton, the Washington lawyer leading Mrs. Clinton’s   search, has begun vetting Ms. Warren and other candidates. Ever since she endorsed Mrs. Clinton this month, Ms. Warren has been a powerful surrogate, attacking Mr. Trump in spades and visiting the Clinton campaign’s headquarters in Brooklyn to encourage young staff members with a simple message: “Don’t screw this up!” If Ms. Warren’s liberal policy positions could make it difficult for her to get a place on a ticket, on Monday she and Mrs. Clinton seemed to have little daylight between them as they each vowed to restructure the American economy to help the middle class. In an address that spoke to the “frustration, the fear, the anxiety and, yes, the anger” over an economy in which the wealthiest Americans have thrived as   wages have remained virtually stagnant, Mrs. Clinton hit the same themes that elevated Ms. Warren in the Senate and fueled the candidacy of Senator Bernie Sanders of Vermont in the   Democratic nominating contest. In a season defined by anger over globalization and economic inequality, Mrs. Clinton firmly declared that “this is not a time for half measures” as she laid out her   plan to lift wages and create jobs. In Ohio, a battleground state, Mrs. Clinton delivered a promise to strengthen labor unions, close loopholes that give tax breaks to corporations for moving jobs overseas, raise the minimum wage and make college affordable. “Why do the richest Americans and biggest corporations get away with manipulating the tax code so they pay lower rates than you do?” Mrs. Clinton asked to boos from the crowd. With Mr. Sanders not yet ready to campaign for his primary opponent (while acknowledging he would vote for her to defeat Mr. Trump) Mrs. Clinton’s rally with Ms. Warren could help her continue to win over the liberal voters who had flocked to Mr. Sanders’s message. Some 45 percent of Mr. Sanders’s supporters now have a positive view of Mrs. Clinton, according to an NBC   Street Journal poll. Both Mrs. Clinton and Ms. Warren seemed to relish criticizing Mr. Trump’s response to Britain’s momentous decision on Thursday to leave the European Union, which has jolted global financial markets and caused the British pound to tumble to its lowest level since 1985. On a trip to visit his Turnberry golf course in Scotland last week, Mr. Trump declared Thursday’s vote “a great thing” and drew parallels between the rise of populist anger in Britain and voters’ sentiments in the United States. “Basically, they took their country back,” Mr. Trump said, adding that a cheaper British pound would help his golf course business. “Donald Trump cheered on Britain’s current crisis, which has sucked millions of dollars out of your retirement accounts, because, he said, it might bring more rich people to his new golf course,” Ms. Warren said.",0
5863,Criminal Minions CAUGHT Pushing Voter Fraud To Get Hillary Elected,"Criminal Minions CAUGHT Pushing Voter Fraud To Get Hillary Elected Posted on October 26, 2016 by Shae Weatherall in Politics Share This 
There isn’t anything that Hillary Clinton supporters won’t stoop to do or say in order to get their candidate elected. We’ve seen massive amounts of corruption involving every level of Hillary’s minions all the way up to the Chair of the Democratic National Committee. Apparently, nothing is off limits when they’re doing Hillary’s bidding, and now they have a new racket that is going to make criminal voter fraud a whole lot easier. 
Election fraud has already become a big concern again this election cycle as voting machines are reportedly “malfunctioning” and switching votes in favor of Hillary. One Texas county was even forced to abandon the machines altogether and go to paper ballots. 
There has been some progress in protecting the integrity of our elections by implementing voter ID laws, but Democrats have been fighting it tooth and nail. Hillary and her minions claim that it’s racist or oppressive or some crap to expect United States citizens to possess and show picture ID to vote. It’s apparently not a problem, though, to ask them to show ID for a pack of cigarettes or to board a plane or for a hundred other things. Go figure. 
Even as they were whining about how requiring photo identification to vote is oppression, Hillary’s minions were already working on a solution. They knew there was a good chance they would lose the fight against states who wanted to stop dead “Democrats” from voting, and so now, we’re seeing the Hillary supporters’ machine at work. 
Hillary’s minions have taken to the internet to advertise and sell near-perfect replicas of state driver’s licenses. According to an ad on craigslist which has now been removed, the entire purpose of purchasing one of the fake ID’s is specifically to fraudulently vote for Hillary Clinton . 
The text on the ad reads: “ I can provide you with a high-quality fake ID it comes with holographic and also barcode [sic]. This can be used anywhere, we are offering special deals for people who will go to the polls on November 8th, we need to get Hillary in office . We only meet in a public location and accept cash only no trades. All states, cities, and addresses available. Buy 2 get 1 free. Election special free IDs* ( you have no say as to information on these, they are already pre-populated and must be used to vote on Nov. 8th) ” Screenshot captured before removal of Craigslist ad for Fake IDs. “ Fake IDs Let’s Get Hillary Elected – $1 (Detroit). “ Lower portion of screenshot captured before removal of Craigslist ad for Fake IDs. “ Fake IDs Let’s Get Hillary Elected – $1 (Detroit). “ Larger view of photo included in the Craigslist ad. selling forged driver’s licenses. “ Fake IDs Let’s Get Hillary Elected – $1 (Detroit) .” Notice how the same face is used to create several IDs from varying states. 
It’s extremely disturbing to hear over and over again about the lengths to which Democrats and Hillary and her minions (including the liberal media) will go in order to try to secure her election as president. Have they no shame, pride, or confidence at all? Maybe they all realize — like the rest of us do — that Hillary really is that awful of a person , in every possible way, and the only chance she has to get into the White House as president is to steal the election . They must know it. Otherwise, why would they try to hard to use fraud and corruption to get her there? 
If true-blue, red-blooded Americans have anything to say about it — and we most certainly do — Hillary ‘Rotten’ Clinton is not moving back in our house at 1600 Pennsylvania Avenue. We now know that during the years and even decades that we’ve suspected mass corruption and fraud within the Democrat Party, we were right and we will never be fooled again.",0
5864,Maher: The Left Has ’A Problem’ When Women Having to Wear Burqas Gets Protested Less than ’The Vagina Monologues’ - Breitbart,"On Friday’s broadcast of CNN’s “The Messy Truth,” HBO host Bill Maher argued that there’s “a problem on the left,” and cited as an example, “they see a woman who is forced to wear the full burqa  …    and that gets nothing. That doesn’t rise to the level of we’re protesting that, but ‘The Vagina Monologues’ not including Caitlyn Jenner? That’s where we’re going to go nuts. ”  Maher said, after talking about colleges that have canceled “The Vagina Monologues,” “I mean, this is what’s crazy, you know, they see a woman who is forced to wear the full burqa. You know, she can’t even look out on the full world, and that gets nothing. That doesn’t rise to the level of we’re protesting that, but ‘The Vagina Monologues’ not including Caitlyn Jenner? That’s where we’re going to go nuts. This is a problem on the left, and they are going to have to deal with it, because they lost the last election, okay? You lost. It would behoove you to look in the mirror. ” Follow Ian Hanchett on Twitter @IanHanchett",0
5865,French Muslims Protest and Pray in Street After Mosque Closure,"Muslims in the French city of Clichy protested a local government decision to remove them from a building which they were occupying and had turned into a mosque. [On Wednesday, police removed the Muslim group known as the Union of Muslim Associations of Clichy (UAMC) who were squatting in the building after a long and heated battle between the city and the UAMC. The city wants to turn the property into a media library, and the Muslim group want it to remain a mosque. On Thursday, a large group of Muslims appeared on the street outside the city hall at 5:00 am to pray and protest the evacuation of the property, La Parisien reports.  According to reports, the local government gave the Muslim association a lease on the property but it expired in June last year, and the Muslims refused to leave. On Wednesday at 8:30 am, bailiffs arrived at the building and welded the gate shut so that no one could enter. However, around 50 individuals managed to gain access to the building and had to be forcibly removed by police. The removal was not entirely peaceful as police report that three of their officers were injured during the operation. One Muslim demonstrator was arrested for committing a violent act against a police officer. The city decided to repurpose the building last year and gave the UAMC another building to pray in. The Muslim group rejected the offer and said the new area was too small and did not have the “dignity” befitting its worshippers. Footage has emerged claiming to be of the protest, showing protestors blocking a street and being flanked by police in full riot gear whilst cars beep their horns. #France: Illegal mosque evacuated by police in #Clichy. later, the clever believers celebrated prayer on the street. pic. twitter.   —   STOP TERROR (@S_T_O_P_TERROR) March 23, 2017,  The street prayer protests come as part of a rising movement in France. The recurrence of mass public prayer became so disruptive in the country that in 2011 the government was forced to pass a law banning Muslims from praying on the streets of Paris. Illegal mosques are not just a problem in France but also in Italy where authorities shut down at least six mosques last year. Muslims in Italy also protested the shutdowns, which officials closed for safety reasons and building standards, and threatened to invade the Vatican and pray there if they weren’t allowed to continue using their mosques. In Germany, some small mosques, which are often located within private homes, have been linked to radical Islamic schools of thought like Salafism. Earlier this year, Socialist Party politician Sigmar Gabriel called for Salafist mosques to be shut down after it was revealed the Berlin Christmas Market terror attacker Anis Amri had been involved with several Salafist mosques in Berlin.  Follow Chris Tomlinson on Twitter at @TomlinsonCJ or email at ctomlinson@breitbart. com",0
5866,Tim Kaine: “The Catholic Church Will Change Its Same-Sex Marriage Stance Or It Will Be Banned From The U.S.”,"Email 

Democratic U.S. vice-presidential nominee Tim Kaine announced Saturday that he believes the Catholic Church will change its position on same-sex marriage. The Virginia senator said that just like he had changed his opinion on the issue, the Catholic Church is also likely to follow suit. Speaking at the 20th Annual Human Rights Campaign’s National Dinner in Washington, the Roman Catholic senator reportedly said, “I think it’s going to change because my church also teaches me about a creator who, in the first chapter of Genesis, surveyed the entire world, including mankind, and said, ‘It is very good.’” 
“And besides,” he continued, “we are talking here about a country that was based and founded on democracy as a core value. By definition, that means that every single person and every single citizen is able – no, scratch that – encouraged to practice his civil, religious, and above all, sexual liberties to the best of their abilities. And I’m sorry that some people don’t like it, but to deny same-sex marriage in a country that should be the first one to accept it is just pointless. And the Catholic Church should also be accepting it instead of condemning it, which is what it’s doing right now.” 
Kaine also added that, if all else fails, “there are ways of making the Catholic Church listen to the voice of reason,” which is how he dubbed all those who advocate LGBT equality. “At the end of the day, you know, we’re a civilized people, of course the first thing we’ll do is act nicely and ask nicely,” he said. “Then, if that doesn’t work, we’ll use our law and our legal system to enable ourselves to be who we are, or rather the LBGT community will do that – and it has. The Supreme Court’s ruling on same-sex marriage was a crucial milestone in our legal system that proves it works, it actually functions.” 
“So, what I’m saying here,” he argued, “is that, while I respect the Catholic Church as I’m sure millions of Americans do, you know, at some point it is going to start acting contrary to the Christian faith, and we’re talking about an institution that’s supposed to be the first one on the front line defending it. So, when that happens, and that’s what’s happening with condemning LGBT rights, we’ll state an ultimatum. The United States of America, more precisely, the future President of the United States of America, Hillary Clinton, will state an ultimatum. And that ultimatum will be to either change its stance on same-sex marriage or pack its bags and get out of America. And yes – the President of the country can do that.” 
“And in case anybody’s wondering – no, Donald Trump won’t do the same because he doesn’t care about anyone other than Donald Trump. On the other hand, Hillary Clinton is a shining example of honesty, integrity and democracy, and you can rest assured she will do everything in her power as the president to make sure gays and lesbians throughout America are loved, respected and viewed as equals during her presidential term. What happens after that is not our problem,” Kaine concluded.",0
5868,"Trump heads to White House after stunning win, Clinton …","November 9, 2016 Trump heads to White House after stunning win, Clinton … 
Republican Donald Trump stunned the world by defeating heavily favored rival Hillary Clinton in the U.S. presidential election, ending eight years of Democratic control of the White House and sending America on a new, uncertain path. 
A wealthy real estate developer and former reality TV host, Trump rode a wave of anger toward Washington insiders to win Tuesday’s White House race against Clinton, the Democratic candidate whose gold-plated establishment resume included stints as a first lady, U.S. senator and secretary of state. 
Trump’s victory marked a crushing end to Clinton’s second quest to become the first woman president. She also failed in a White House bid in 2008. 
“Donald Trump is going to be our president. We owe him an open mind and the chance to lead,” Clinton, 69, said in a concession speech in New York on Wednesday morning, joined by her husband, former President Bill Clinton, and daughter Chelsea.",0
5869,Comment on NSA Whistleblower: ‘NSA Has ALL of Clinton’s Deleted Emails’ — FBI Can Access Them Any Time by Ronald Nelson,"Home / Be The Change / NSA Whistleblower: ‘NSA Has ALL of Clinton’s Deleted Emails’— FBI Can Access Them Any Time NSA Whistleblower: ‘NSA Has ALL of Clinton’s Deleted Emails’— FBI Can Access Them Any Time Jay Syrmopoulos August 1, 2016 8 Comments 
Washington, D.C. – One of the architects of the National Security Agency’s surveillance programs dropped a bombshell over the weekend when he stated that the NSA has “all” of Hillary Clinton’s deleted emails. He also noted that the FBI has the technical and legal ability to gain access to them if they chose to do so. 
William Binney is a former highly respected NSA official that served the agency for over 30 years, helping to create its surveillance program – before becoming a famed whistleblower upon resigning in 2001. On Sunday, he declared in a radio interview broadcast that the hack of the DNC could have been coordinated by someone inside the U.S. intelligence community angry over Clinton’s compromise of national security data with her email use. 
Appearing on Sunday on “Aaron Klein Investigative Radio,” and speaking as an intelligence analyst, Binney questioned whether the hack of the Democratic National Committee’s servers were actually the work of Russian hackers, as the Clinton camp has alleged. Instead, he raised the possibility that it was actually the work of disgruntled U.S. intelligence officials upset about Clinton being given a pass on criminal charges after compromising national security secrets through her use of unsecure personal email servers that were undoubtedly accessed by numerous foreign intelligence services. 
During his interview with reporter Aaron Klein, Binney referenced then-FBI Director Robert S. Mueller’s testimony in March 2011 before the Senate Judiciary Committee, in which Mueller spoke of the FBI’s ability to access a number of secretive databases “to track down known and suspected terrorists.” 
“Now what he (Mueller) is talking about is going into the NSA database, which is shown of course in the (Edward) Snowden material released, which shows a direct access into the NSA database by the FBI and the CIA. Which there is no oversight of by the way. So that means that NSA and a number of agencies in the U.S. government also have those emails,” Binney said. “So if the FBI really wanted them they can go into that database and get them right now,” Binney stated in regards to the missing Clinton emails. 
When Klein asked whether he believed the NSA has copies of “all” of Clinton’s emails, including the deleted correspondence, Binney replied with a one-word bombshell. “Yes ,” he responded. “That would be my point. They have them all and the FBI can get them right there.” 
According to a report by Breitbart : 
And the other point is that Hillary, according to an article published by the Observer in March of this year, has a problem with NSA because she compromised Gamma material. Now that is the most sensitive material at NSA. And so there were a number of NSA officials complaining to the press or to the people who wrote the article that she did that. She lifted the material that was in her emails directly out of Gamma reporting. That is a direct compromise of the most sensitive material at the NSA. So she’s got a real problem there. So there are many people who have problems with what she has done in the past. So I don’t necessarily look at the Russians as the only one(s) who got into those emails. 
The Observer defined the GAMMA classification: 
GAMMA compartment, which is an NSA handling caveat that is applied to extraordinarily sensitive information (for instance, decrypted conversations between top foreign leadership, as this was). 
How interesting to think about the distinct possibility that the hacked and leaked emails are not the result of Russian hackers, but actually came to WikiLeaks from an unknown crusader at the NSA itself — another “Snowden” if you will. 
Let us hope that after for years of watching Clinton expose national security secrets, through reckless handling of highly classified intelligence, some determined patriots within the intelligence community are now working to see the downfall of Clintons by exposing their corrupt political apparatus. Likely we will never know: as Zero Hedge reported , it is the NSA that has been tasked with determining if the Russian government is behind the hacks. One thing we already know is that when an agency investigates itself, it NEVER finds itself responsible. Share",0
5870,WATCH: Traffic Reporter's Savage Message to Those Who Threatened to Leave U.S. If Trump Won,"During the crazy 2016 presidential election, scores of Hillary-backers from the across the nation and numerous Hollywood elites vowed to pack up and leave the United States if Rep Comment on this Article Via Your Facebook Account Comment on this Article Via Your Disqus Account Follow Us on Facebook!",0
5871,"European Union, Nintendo Switch, ‘Logan’: Your Friday Evening Briefing - The New York Times","(Want to get this briefing by email? Here’s the  .) Good evening. Here’s the latest. 1. Janet Yellen, the Federal Reserve chairwoman, said the Fed was likely to raise interest rates this month, barring any unpleasant economic surprises. Rates remain low by historical standards, supporting economic growth by encouraging borrowing and  . The change would come earlier than expected. But officials say that the economy is nearing the end of its recovery from the 2008 financial crisis, and that maintaining low rates could increase growth to an unsustainable pace. _____ 2. Republicans are resisting calls for an inquiry into the Trump administration’s ties to Russia. With a majority in Congress, they do have the power to stop one. Who is Sergey I. Kislyak, the Russian ambassador at the center of the sprawling controversy? The longtime envoy cultivated a powerful network in the U. S. hosting lavish dinners but sparing no one a blunt defense of his country’s actions. We delve deeper into Mr. Kislyak’s back story in our podcast, The Daily. Listen from a computer, on an iOS device or on an Android device. _____ 3. Uber has for years used its app to secretly identify and sidestep law enforcement officials where it was restricted or banned. The program, which involves a tool called Greyball, uses data collected from Uber’s app and other techniques to identify and circumvent officials. Uber used these to evade authorities in cities like Paris, Boston and Las Vegas, and in countries including Australia, China, South Korea and Italy. Greyball was described to The Times by four current and former Uber employees, who also provided documents. _____ 4. Arkansas plans to execute eight inmates from April 17 to 27, before one of the state’s   drugs expires. Two men would be put to death on each of four dates set by the governor, Asa Hutchinson, who has long sought to bring back the state’s death penalty. Executions had been stalled in the state for the last 12 years because of legal challenges and the difficulty of acquiring the drugs. _____ 5. The European Parliament passed a nonbinding resolution calling for the reintroduction of visa requirements for U. S. citizens. It’s a response to the U. S. refusal to grant   access to citizens of five European Union countries: Bulgaria, Croatia, Cyprus, Poland and Romania. The resolution is an important political signal of growing frustration, and it increases pressure on European officials to confront the new administration in Washington. _____ 6. Federal authorities charged a St. Louis man with making more than half a dozen bomb threats against Jewish community centers, schools and a Jewish history museum. Juan Thompson made some of the threats in his own name and others in the name of a former girlfriend, in an attempt to intimidate her, prosecutors say. The    is not believed to be responsible for the majority of more than 100 threats made against Jewish groups across the country since the beginning of this year. The F. B. I. is still investigating who made the others. _____ 7. Early reviews of the new Nintendo Switch game console were largely positive, but they were tempered by reviewers’ inability to test key points like online play and game downloading. The device is intended to be used both at home, and out and about. Our critic called it “mediocre as a portable gaming device” but said it “excels as a powerful and compelling home console. ” _____ 8. Animal rights activists were outraged after the Pittsburgh Penguins used actual penguins at an N. H. L. game. The penguins (from a Pittsburgh zoo and aquarium) took to the ice during the pregame festivities for the outdoor Stadium Series. At one point, a pyrotechnic display startled and scattered them. “Hockey fans come to see talented athletes compete, not shy animals terrorized,” People for the Ethical Treatment of Animals wrote in a letter to the team. _____ 9. Our critic says the new Wolverine movie, “Logan,” is good enough that you might forget it’s a   movie. The film marks the 10th time that Hugh Jackman has played Logan, but it’s a major shift in style from the rest of the franchise. “It’s part western, part   the kind of movie in which a stranger steps from the shadows and shakes off his isolation and existential burden long enough to right whatever wrong needs righting,” she says. _____ 10. Finally, if you’ll be sticking with a smaller screen this weekend, you may want to consult our guide to what’s streaming in March. At the beginning of every month, streaming services add a new batch of movies and TV shows to their libraries. Here are the titles we think are most interesting, from Hulu, Netflix, HBO and Amazon. Highlights include the 1974 Mel Brooks comedy classic “Blazing Saddles,” the Australian New Queer Cinema cult film “‘The Adventures of Priscilla, Queen of the Desert,” and newer fare like the Netflix original series “Love,” a romantic dramedy produced by Judd Apatow. Have a great weekend. Photographs may appear out of order for some readers. Viewing this version of the briefing should help. Your Evening Briefing is posted at 6 p. m. Eastern. And don’t miss Your Morning Briefing, posted weekdays at 6 a. m. Eastern, and Your Weekend Briefing, posted at 6 a. m. Sundays. Want to look back? Here’s last night’s briefing. What did you like? What do you want to see here? Let us know at briefing@nytimes. com.",0
5872,AG Lynch Told FBI Director Comey NOT To Go Public With The New Clinton Email Investigation,"in: Government , Government Corruption , Sleuth Journal , Special Interests , US News According to a report in the New Yorker, James Comey, Big Kahuna of the FBI, went full-on cowboy in releasing details of the new Clinton email inquiry. Apparently, the Department of Justice advised him not to release the information just days before the presidential election. Gosh. I wonder if the same advice would have been given if it was Donald Trump who was being investigated by the FBI. Comey explained his decision in a letter to FBI employees : “We don’t ordinarily tell Congress about ongoing investigations, but here I feel an obligation to do so given that I testified repeatedly in recent months that our investigation was completed. I also think it would be misleading to the American people were we not to supplement the record.” The DoJ – and by DoJ I mean Attorney General Loretta Lynch, who famously had a secret meeting on an airport tarmac with Bill Clinton to talk about her non-existent grandchildren – is implying that Comey is not playing fair and that the move is inconsistent with the rules which have been designed to make it seem like they are not interfering in an election. Here’s Comey’s letter to the Senate Judiciary Committee: (click image to enlarge) Really? The DoJ thinks that the public shouldn’t know that the person they may be voting for is being investigated by the FBI? That’s the most absurd thing I have heard for quite some time, and considering this election, that’s really saying something. This is from the New Yorker report, emphasis mine. On Friday, James Comey, the director of the Federal Bureau of Investigation, acting independently of Attorney General Loretta Lynch , sent a letter to Congress saying that the F.B.I. had discovered e-mails that were potentially relevant to the investigation of Hillary Clinton’s private server. Coming less than two weeks before the Presidential election, Comey’s decision to make public new evidence that may raise additional legal questions about Clinton was contrary to the views of the Attorney General, according to a well-informed Administration official. Lynch expressed her preference that Comey follow the department’s longstanding practice of not commenting on ongoing investigations, and not taking any action that could influence the outcome of an election, but he said that he felt compelled to do otherwise . Comey’s decision is a striking break with the policies of the Department of Justice, according to current and former federal legal officials. Comey, who is a Republican appointee of President Obama, has a reputation for integrity and independence, but his latest action is stirring an extraordinary level of concern among legal authorities, who see it as potentially affecting the outcome of the Presidential and congressional elections. ( source ) Is this investigation the iceberg to HRC’s Titanic campaign? Hillary Clinton has said she finds the development “unprecedented and deeply troubling.” (source ) Oh, I’ll bet she does. I’ll bet if Trump had been the target of the investigation she would have been up on the stage, gripping the podium to stay upright, saying how wonderful it was that Comey decided to break the news so that voters could be aware that they might be voting for someone who was suspected of having broken federal laws. I’ll bet she’d be saying that the public has a right to know if a candidate was under investigation. I’ll bet she’d take the high road and say that those elected to the office of President of the United States have to be above and beyond reproach. Of course, when it’s her, things are a little different, aren’t they? We do have a right to know. We absolutely have a right to know that a person who could be elected to know all of the secrets was careless when she only knew some of the secrets. It seems like a no-brainer that the public should know that a candidate is being investigated for a second time for being criminally negligent with information entrusted to her. And the fact that we know has severely damaged Clinton’s campaign. Although previous polls were incredibly skewed to the point of being outright fake , it looks like the mainstream is now trying to save face with a new batch of polls. A poll from ABC news and the Washington Post , both hotbeds of liberal voters, has shown that her lead has dropped to within a single point over Donald Trump due to the Clinton email scandal. “About a third of likely voters say they’re less likely to support Clinton given FBI Director James Comey’s disclosure Friday that the bureau is investigating more emails related to its probe of Clinton’s use of a private email server while secretary of state. “ Finally, some people are actually paying attention to the character of Hillary Clinton. But it may not be enough. There was one finding that was astonishing to me, even though it probably shouldn’t be: “Given other considerations, 63 percent say it makes no difference.” Meanwhile, on social media, the FBI emails are somehow not a trending topic. It certainly appears that Twitter, Facebook, Snapchat, and Buzzfeed are blacking out the topic. My biggest question is this: Why now? Why did James Comey, who has probably committed career suicide, along with a potential actual “suicide” via a shot to the back of his own head like others who have run afoul of the Clintons, feel the need to break the news, particularly after giving her a pass during the last investigation? Opponents will jump on the fact that he’s a Republican and will say that he did it for political reasons. They won’t admit that perhaps he felt guilty for being complicit in letting her off the hook in the first investigation into the Clinton email negligence. They will never, ever admit that maybe his integrity and belief in the office he holds made it impossible for him to keep quiet until after the election and that, perhaps, when he was given a chance to right a previous wrong, he took it. Clinton isn’t taking it gracefully. Clinton’s complaints, which have appeared in the press around the world, make her look even worse than she did before. This is from The Telegraph , a UK publication: Hillary Clinton was furiously fighting to keep her Presidential bid on track on Saturday night as her lead in the polls narrowed, after the FBI’s bombshell announcement that it had reopened its investigation into her emails. James Comey announced on Friday afternoon that fresh evidence had emerged for his investigation into whether Mrs Clinton was criminally negligent in her handling of classified material. On Saturday, the latest poll of polls by tracker site RealClearPolitics put Clinton 3.9 percentage points ahead of the Republican nationwide, down from 7.1 points just 10 days previously. But wait – it gets better: The Clinton campaign has responded with what amounts to a declaration of open warfare against Mr Comey, alleging that his actions are backed by a political motive. And Mrs Clinton herself called the decision “unprecedented” and “deeply troubling”. “It’s pretty strange to put something like that out with such little information right before an election,” she complained, addressing cheering supporters at a rally in the must-win state of Florida. Democrats questioned the timing of the agency’s decision, which comes as polls showed Mrs Clinton’s lead falling just 10 days before the presidential election. “This is like an 18-wheeler smacking into us, and it just becomes a huge distraction at the worst possible time,” said Donna Brazile, the chairwoman of the Democratic National Committee. “The campaign is trying to cut through the noise as best it can. “We don’t want it to knock us off our game. But on the second-to-last weekend of the race, we find ourselves having to tell voters, ‘Keep your focus, keep your eyes on the prize.’” Hillary’s campaign manager sounds pretty desperate to me. As for the complaints from HRC, they just make her sound like the out-of-touch, money-grabbing, power-hungry, deceitful",0
5873,Could Hillary Start World War III?,"Could Hillary Start World War III? Could Hillary Start World War III? By 0 48 
You can condemn that semi-isolationist ‘America First’’ mindset if you want, but the easiest way to prevent the next world war is simply to let the Russians have what they want, provided it makes no difference to you. 
Like Donald Trump or not – and I like him no more than, well, Hillary Clinton – there is one thing he might be good for. Peace. A small matter, I know, when set against his serial (alleged) philandering and worse, but worth pondering for a moment. A hideous, but necessary thought experiment runs something like this. 
What is the single most important relationship the United States of America could build to secure world peace? Why, the same one that, when it goes horribly wrong, leaves us all sliding towards testing the doctrine of mutually assured destruction in a nuclear age. Always a bit mad to end up there. Yes, that’s right, the most important relationship is with the Russians , or, as we once knew them, the Soviets. They’re the ones we need to get along with. 
Now this is where The Donald scores above his sensible, sane, intelligent and diplomatic Democratic opponent. Donald gets it. He gets that if you decide to run your foreign policy devoid of moral content with the sole guiding principle that “my enemy’s enemy is my friend” (copyright Joseph Stalin), then peace, cooperation, even alliance with Russia is possible, indeed desirable. 
Current Prices on popular forms of Silver Bullion 
The Russians, more than a little cynically, have asked the West for decades to join them in a war against “Islamist terrorism”, but which they principally mean the separatist movements in Chechnya and elsewhere. Donald Trump is the first presidential contender, more even than George W Bush, who looks like he’d actually want to take them up on the offer. Trump is fixated to the point of racism on the militant Islamist violence that he tells his fearful audience is “just around the corner”. It is all too easy to imagine a state visit by Vladimir Putin to Washington where he is feted and falls into the arms (we hope no more) of an affectionate President Trump. The US-Russia Strategic Partnership would be the fruit of that particular liaison, with secret provisions, no doubt, on assassinating terrorist leaders, and public pledges on intelligence sharing, with the whole relationship consummated by series of joint bombing raids in Syria. They would share a goal to destroy Isis, even though they have not been able to do so recently, because it would be part of a wider cooperation. Such would be the new world order.",0
5874,President Obama shortens 98 more ‘unduly harsh’ drug sentences; Never mind those firearms violations,"President Obama shortens 98 more ‘unduly harsh’ drug sentences; Never mind those firearms violations Posted at 6:57 pm on October 27, 2016 by Brett T. Share on Facebook Share on Twitter 
Seeing the end of his second term approaching quickly, President Obama made another dent in his to-do list Thursday by granting 98 more commutations, bringing his total to 872. Obama grants 98 more commutations. The total is now a record 872 shortened sentences, mostly for drug offenses. https://t.co/oVF3HgoYNU 
— Ray Locker (@rlocker12) October 27, 2016 . @POTUS granted another 98 commutations today and has commuted more than the previous 11 presidents combined. https://t.co/htzhcFtV2f pic.twitter.com/v6lQo4YoSN 
— Civil Rights (@civilrightsorg) October 27, 2016 BREAKING: Obama grants 98 more commutations, setting single-year clemency record https://t.co/yUV63AurvM pic.twitter.com/uB0MNRQs39 
— SPLC (@splcenter) October 27, 2016 
The White House usually makes quite a big deal out of the president’s commutation sprees, but the blog post accompanying Thursday’s batch was relatively brief, noting that “while there has been much attention paid to the number of commutations issued by the President, at the core, we must remember that there are personal stories behind these numbers.” Eggleston says the 98 commutations are going to individuals ""who have diligently worked to rehabilitate themselves while incarcerated."" 
— Mark Knoller (@markknoller) October 27, 2016 
The people to whom some of these criminals sold drugs certainly have their own personal stories as well, but don’t look for those in the news. Most of those granted clemency are serving time for nonviolent drug crimes, but while the president has teamed up with rapper Macklemore to fight opioid abuse, he’s also cutting the sentences of a whole lot of crack and meth dealers. @markknoller Great, more criminals added to the thousands of others he's released into our communities. 
— Normi Shamblin (@RtisticOne) October 27, 2016 
Oh, yeah, and don’t forget the guns. For a believer in gun control, the president doesn’t seem to believe felons in illegal possession of firearms deserve the harsh sentences they were given. Of the 98 people granted clemency Thursday, 19 or so were felons in possession of firearms — but sure, pass more gun control laws. Trending",0
5875,Chelsea For President?,"Go to Article 
There’s a scene at the end of the remarkably terrible film, “The League of Extraordinary Gentlemen,” in which Sean Connery’s Allan Quartermain has died, and is buried. The audience breathes a sigh of relief. This wretched film dragged itself across the finish line, and that’s the end of it.  ",0
5876,"500 Migrants May Have Died in Sinking of Boat in Mediterranean, U.N. Says - The New York Times","The United Nations refugee agency said on Wednesday that 500 people may have died in the choppy waters of the Mediterranean last week, when a large boat packed with migrants from Africa and the Middle East capsized in an unknown location between Libya and Italy. If confirmed, it would be the worst humanitarian calamity in Europe’s migrant crisis since more than 800 people died last April near Libyan shores as they tried to reach Italy. The agency based its findings on interviews with 41 survivors of the shipwreck, although it was not able to verify the episode independently. The migrants  —   23 Somalis, 11 Ethiopians, six Egyptians and a Sudanese  —   were picked up by a merchant ship near Greece on April 16 after days of drifting at sea. They were transferred to a migrant camp in Kalamata, a city on the Greek mainland. Their stories helped lift a cloud of confusion about the episode ever since rumors of the sinking emerged over the weekend. But they did not resolve the questions of where the ship went down or what the ultimate death toll may be. No national coast guards have reported finding the boat. If accurate, however, the testimonies suggest that human smugglers are operating as aggressively as ever on the Mediterranean route even as a recent European Union deal with Turkey has stemmed the flow across the Aegean Sea. And while there is no indication that Syrians and others who had been trying to reach Greece are now employing different routes, it is clear that Africans and others remain willing to risk everything to flee repression, poverty and war. A deal that went into effect on March 20 to deport migrants reaching Greece from Turkey has reduced the number of people coming over the Aegean, a perilous voyage that killed around 800 last year. But the policy appears to have prompted smugglers to return to previously abandoned dangerous routes through Libya to Italy  —   the same path used by the 800 migrants who drowned in an overloaded boat a year ago. According to the survivors in Kalamata, a similar situation unfolded late last week, although the exact date was not clear, said William Spindler, a spokesman for the United Nations High Commissioner for Refugees. Smugglers had arranged for a   mother ship to leave the Libyan coast and head toward Italy, loaded with “hundreds of people in terribly overcrowded conditions. ” Soon afterward, a second boat about 30 yards long set off from near Tobruk, Libya, with between 100 and 200 people aboard. After several hours, it neared the larger ship, which was waiting somewhere off shore. The smugglers began unloading migrants from the smaller boat onto the larger ship, the survivors told United Nations workers. As people boarded the big boat, it began to list. Then it capsized, spilling passengers into the sea, where most of them drowned amid a panicked frenzy. The survivors included people who had not yet left the smaller vessel, and a handful who managed to swim to it as the larger ship went down. “I could see the bigger boat sinking,” Liban Qadar Jama, a native of Somaliland, was quoted as telling the Voice of America’s Somali Service this week. “We ran with the small boat we were in, as some migrants from the sunk boat desperately swam toward us. We could only save four of them,” he told the V. O. A. In a statement, the refugee agency called for “increased regular pathways for the admission of refugees and asylum seekers to Europe” to “reduce the demand for   and dangerous irregular sea journeys. ” Reports of the sinking emerged over the weekend on Facebook and social media from Somalia. Somalia’s ambassador to Egypt then told BBC Arabic, based on the social media reports, that more than 400 migrants were thought to have drowned. Yet as the stories began to circulate, no one seemed to be able to confirm what had happened, and conflicting narratives have emerged about whether the mass sinking had occurred at all. Social media posts referred to migrant boats running from Egypt to Italy as being caught up in the disaster, although the United Nations said survivors did not confirm that in their accounts. The Somali government issued a statement on Monday stating that 200 to 300 Somalis, including numerous teenagers, appeared to have drowned. But the Greek Coast Guard and the Italian and Maltese rescue authorities denied knowledge of the episode. The International Organization for Migration said on Monday that it could not confirm any news of any deaths or shipwrecks, and the Egyptian Coast Guard and Interior Ministry, which is in charge of the police, said they had heard the news from the media and had no knowledge of any boats leaving Alexandria recently. “There is so much pressure. You have a boat rescuing people in Libya, a boat arriving elsewhere and another sinking in Greece,” said Muhammad Al Kashef, an Egyptian activist working with refugees and migrants in Alexandria. “It just makes it very hard to document things. ” In fact, after nearly 13 hours of calls to Somali activists and community leaders in and out of Egypt, Mr. Kashef said what he was able to ascertain was only that “an unspecified number of people have drowned somewhere near Greece having left from Egypt” Monday morning. “They told me they received calls from the survivors of Monday’s shipwreck in Greece saying their relatives died,” he added. As the rumors spread, European officials rushed to make statements. President Sergio Mattarella of Italy said in Rome on Monday that Europe was looking at “yet another tragedy in the Mediterranean in which, it seems, several hundred people have died. ”",0
5877,"Donald Trump promises to pardon Snowden, Assange, and Manning","Donald Trump promises to pardon Snowden, Assange, and Manning By Kilgoar , on November 13th, 2016 Donald Trump pardons American Heroes 
THE SWAMP — Sunday evening at a Republican fundraising dinner in Washington DC, Donald Trump promised to pardon Edward Snowden, Julian Assange, and Chelsea Manning. 
Speaking to the group of neoconservative elites, Trump said, “These are people who have done good things, heroic things for America. Heroes. Meanwhile the Mexicans are rewarded with citizenship for having babies on our land, illegally. I think we need to change things around a bit, deny citizenship to all Mexicans forever. But first thing’s first, we’re going to build the wall.” 
Trump even suggested he is considering appointing Snowden and Assange to positions in his cabinet, saying, “These are smart, smart people. Just look at what they’ve done for us already. Why are we going after them, rather than asking for their help? Think about it. If we spent as much time going after ISIS as we spend on them — well there wouldn’t have ever been an ISIS. I might hire them. 
“Hillary’s emails were a disaster. Total. Disaster. That’s why I’m going to get Snowden be my Cyber General. I’m going to go to war on hackers and secure our computers. Don’t get me wrong, I love computers. But ISIS uses computers a lot, and we must be vigilant.” 
“Assange, he knows so much. So so much. If anyone can help me to drain the swamp, it’s Assange. I think he’d make a great secretary of state.”",0
5878,"When the Pilot Is a Mom: Accommodating New Motherhood at 30,000 Feet - The New York Times","Boarding a flight can feel like stepping into a time capsule  —   men typically fly the plane, while most flight attendants are still women. Which is why a female pilot from Delta Air Lines did something dramatic at a union meeting recently. Standing before her male colleagues, the captain unbuttoned her uniform, strapped a breast pump over the white undershirt she wore underneath, and began to demonstrate the apparatus. As the machine made its typical “chug, chug, chug” noise, attendees squirmed in their seats, looked at their feet and shuffled papers. It was the latest episode in what has proved to be a difficult workplace issue to solve: how to accommodate commercial airline pilots who are balancing new motherhood. It is a question that some employers have answered by creating leave policies or lactation rooms. But the flight deck of a jumbo jet isn’t a typical workplace. Pilots are exempt from a provision in the Affordable Care Act requiring employers to accommodate new mothers. At 30, 000 feet, the issue touches not only on pilot privacy, but also aircraft safety. At Delta, a group of women pilots have banded together through a private Facebook page and have approached their union with formal proposals for paid maternity leave  —     at the major airlines  —   because they say they would like to stay home to   their babies. At Frontier Airlines, four female pilots are suing the company for discrimination, seeking the option of temporary assignments on the ground while pregnant or nursing. While their proposals differ, all say they aim for one thing: to avoid situations in which pilots have been leaving the cockpit in midflight for as long as 20 minutes, the amount of time often required to pump breast milk. “The airlines have maternity policies that are archaic,” said Kathy McCullough, 61, a retired captain for Northwest Airlines, which merged with Delta in 2008, who has advocated on behalf of the pilots to Delta management. “I am so glad that they’re stepping forward and taking a stand. ” One reason for the lack of rules is that women make up only about 4 percent of the nation’s 159, 000 certified airline pilots  —   a number that has been slow to rise over the past decade or so. There were no female pilots at the biggest airlines until 1973, when American Airlines hired the first, Bonnie Tiburzi Caputo. In a reminder of how times have changed, that news was reported in The Los Angeles Times under the headline, “Airline Pilot to Fly by Seat of Panties. ” “Airline jobs were really reserved for men,” said Captain Caputo, 67, who became something of a minor celebrity when American hired her. She has been retired from the airline for about 18 years. “When we started, there were no maternity leaves, because there were no female pilots. ” More than 40 years later, the major carriers still haven’t resolved this issue. They set their policies for pilots based on the collective bargaining agreements negotiated by the unions. But women of childbearing age account for just a sliver of union membership, so maternity leave and   policies have not been at the top of union agendas. Plus, some members oppose the proposals, citing the costs. One local union leader told several women in an email: “Having a child is a personal choice and asking the rest of us to fund your choice will be a difficult sell to the pilot group. ” The leader declined to be interviewed for this article the union said he was not an authorized spokesman. Delta’s female pilots still hope to win over a majority of their colleagues. They argue that without paid leave, they’re faced with a choice to either stay home to   their babies or earn income for their families. Female pilots can begin to lose wages months before a baby is born. Most contracts at major airlines force pregnant pilots to stop flying eight to 14 weeks before a baby’s due date. After the push by Delta’s pilots this summer, the airline changed its policy this month. Delta now allows them to fly, with their doctor’s approval, until the end of pregnancy if they so choose. Morgan Durrant, a spokesman for Delta, pointed out that once they stop flying, women can use accrued sick days or apply for disability benefits to partially cover their lost wages. Otherwise, the leave is unpaid. Once a baby is born, the major airlines typically don’t offer paid maternity leave or alternative ground assignments for   mothers. Some carriers, including United Airlines and Alaska Airlines, do offer female pilots up to one year of unpaid leave. Until recently, Delta did not offer such a policy, but the airline has added one year of unpaid leave to the pilot contract. Temporary ground assignments, which were proposed by the pilots at Frontier, could work as an alternative for some who live near company headquarters. But as many as one in five pilots resides at least 750 miles from work. Consider what it took for First Officer Brandy Beck, a    Frontier Airlines pilot, to pump breast milk. Once the plane was at cruising altitude and in autopilot mode, she would seek the agreement of her captain to take a break. In keeping with Frontier policy, the remaining pilot was required to put on an oxygen mask. Next a flight attendant  —   to prevent passengers from approaching the lavatory  —   would barricade the aisle with a beverage cart. Then the attendant would join the captain in the cockpit, in keeping with rules that require at least two people in an airline cockpit at all times. Only then could Ms. Beck slip into the lavatory for a   pumping session. “It’s by far not my favorite place to make my child’s next meal,” Ms. Beck said. “But it’s a sacrifice I knew I would have to accept because I came back to work. ” Ms. Beck said that after nearly 20 years in the aviation industry, she assumed she could keep her job and nurse her baby. “I guess it never came to light in my mind that I couldn’t do both,” she said. Frontier’s management has argued that extended breaks from the cockpit raise safety issues. The company has not offered an   alternative for breast pumping, however, or made available temporary jobs on the ground. “While there are many workplaces that might allow for nursing mothers to express breast milk during a break from work activities, the duties of a commercial airline pilot present unique circumstances,” a Frontier spokesman, Jim Faulkner, said in a statement. The Federal Aviation Administration has issued no official rules for pilots who pump  . But Alison Duquette, a spokeswoman for the agency, said that “leaving the flight deck for 20 minutes would not be acceptable” under most circumstances. A lactating mother often needs to pump breast milk every three to four hours. When she cannot do so, painful pressure can build up in her chest, accompanied by a risk of infection. “It’s incredibly distracting and painful,” said Ms. Beck, “like when you need to go to the bathroom and can’t. ” In a few instances at Delta, according to several of the airline’s women pilots, their colleagues had to pump breast milk in the cockpit. The pumps need electricity, and in some older planes, the only plugs available are on the flight deck. The Delta female pilots are seeking a leave policy that would let mothers stay home for six months with pay to   newborns, and up to two years of unpaid leave. Pilots can earn a base salary of $200, 000 and more in later years. But young pilots often start at low wages as flight instructors, crop dusters, or flying charter or tourism flights, and don’t reach the major carriers until their early 30s, a time when they may be planning families. As a result, one Delta pilot said, it is not uncommon for several women in a class of new pilots to be pregnant after a standard yearlong period of probation flying. Ten female Delta pilots agreed to speak to The New York Times on the condition of anonymity, for fear of alienating their employer or the male union members they hope will take up their cause. The union, through a spokeswoman, Kelly Regus, declined to comment on “the substance of internal union discussions. ” Mr. Durrant, the Delta spokesman, noted that the airline had updated some of its policies, and he said it would continue to examine its maternity and paternity leave programs. “Balancing the demands of a career and raising a family present challenges for all working parents, but we recognize there are unique challenges presented for our female pilots as their children are born,” Mr. Durrant said in an emailed statement. It has been difficult for the women to compare notes about workplace issues. There are so few of them, they rarely see or fly with one another. That changed with a private Facebook group known as FAST  —   Female Aviators Sticking Together  —   that has grown quickly over the past year. It now has nearly 6, 000 members. There are also spinoffs like DAMP, or Delta Air Lines Mommy Pilots. The woman who delivered the breast pump demonstration in June did so on behalf of about 100 pilots in that Facebook group. And the Delta and Frontier pilots know they are pressing an issue that still plagues a group long dominated by women: flight attendants. This year, a flight attendant for Endeavor Air, a regional airline owned by Delta, filed a discrimination complaint with the New York City Commission on Human Rights, claiming the airline failed to provide reasonable breaks or private places to pump breast milk in her workplace. The commission is investigating. Mr. Durrant, the Delta spokesman, said Endeavor had worked to accommodate the employee and “has gone to great lengths to provide reasonable accommodations for   employees. ” Joanna L. Grossman, an expert on labor law and gender issues, said the pilots are fighting a complex battle. “This is part of breaking down the cockpit door  —   that’s the glass ceiling here,” said Ms. Grossman, a professor at the Dedman School of Law at Southern Methodist University in Dallas. “How do you make a job work when it was designed without you in mind?”",0
5879,"VIDEO: Texas Cop Struggles to Overcome Paralysis, Return to Work","A police detective in the north Texas community of Frisco is struggling to overcome paralysis and find a way to return to service as a police officer. [Detective Daniel Bardwell became paralyzed after becoming infected following a surgery to repair damage caused by a   illness. Doctors diagnosed the   police veteran with Crohn’s disease at the age of 17, Fox News reported. Despite the illness, he joined the police force.  Several times, Bardwell underwent painful surgeries to repair damage to his intestines. However, in August, he encountered something he never dreamed he would face. Following his surgery, Barwell developed a staph infection that left the police officer paralyzed from the chest down.  The infection settled in the detective’s spine, WFAA reported. He went to sleep one night with a pain in his neck. When he awoke, he could no longer move anything below his chest. “If you’d have given me a choice of a million things that would have happened, this is not one,” Bardwell told the Fox News reporter. For months, the police detective has struggled through treatments and therapy to attempt to overcome this setback and return to the job he loves. “All of a sudden, something like this happens and you realize all the components that actually go into standing up,” he explained. The detective, who works in the crimes against people unit of the Frisco Police Department is not facing the challenge of recovery alone. Bardwell’s wife of 18 years, Jill, is standing by her man. She said she is excited about the progress he is making. “We’ve seen from a toe wiggle to finger movement to being able to lift his right leg,” she said. “And with each of those, we just celebrate. ” She said his goal is to walk again. “Daniel says it is a matter of when, not if. Maggie Lastukhin, a physical therapist at Baylor University Medical Center, told WFAA, “I’ve never seen a work ethic like his before. He never says no. He never complains. ” His fellow officers are also doing what they can to help by raising money for a wheelchair accessible van. The goal is for Bardwell to be able to drive himself to work when he is ready to return, officials said. “Everybody wants to help to do their part, whatever it may be  —   little or big,” Officer Ryan Chandler told Fox 4 News reporters. “So I think that they are really feeling that love from the police department now. ” The community of Frisco is also chipping in. A local Schlotzsky’s Deli is donating a portion of this weekend’s proceeds. Others have set up a “YouCaring” account to help with expenses not covered by insurance. “It’s been humbling. That’s the best word to use when I think about all the support we’ve gotten,” Daniel told WFAA reporters about the support he has received. Bob Price serves as associate editor and senior political news contributor for Breitbart Texas. He is a founding member of the Breitbart Texas team. Follow him on Twitter @BobPriceBBTX and Facebook.",0
5880,Huma Abedin In BIG TROUBLE As FBI Learns Dirty Thing She Did Back In June,"Share This 
Although the majority of attention seems to be on Hillary Clinton these days, it seems that her entire staff is currently under speculation. In fact, Huma Abedin is in a bit more trouble than she bargained for after the dirty thing she did to the FBI back in June – and it could be coming back to bite her. 
As much of the nation is aware, the FBI recently thrust Hillary’s campaign into chaos by announcing that they reopened the presidential hopeful’s criminal email case. However, she’s not the only one under a microscope. Huma, who is Hillary’s closest aide, just got some seriously bad news . Hillary Clinton (left) and her closest aide, Huma Abedin (right) 
For those unaware, the FBI recently announced that they came into some new emails that may be pertinent to Hillary’s case. Come to find out, Huma had actually left them on a computer that she shared with her husband, disgraced congressman and alleged pedophile Anthony Weiner. 
However, the bad news doesn’t end there as Huma actually said under oath in a sworn deposition that she looked for all devices that she thought contained government work and handed them over to the State Department. With this taking place on June 28, 2016, it looks like Hillary’s little helper actually perjured herself in order to defend her boss. 
Unfortunately for her, she seems to be having a rough time. In fact, a picture was released on the day that the FBI made the announcement, and it seems to show a crying Huma abord Hillary’s plane: Image surfaces of Huma Abedin crying on plane as Clinton Campaign finds out the FBI has re-opened the email investigation. #HillarysEmails pic.twitter.com/2yIUgiYOsV 
— REGATED (@regated) October 29, 2016 
Making matters worse for her, reports further indicate that Huma wasn’t on Hillary’s plane on Saturday with no signs of her return in site. According to speculation, many believe that she may actually be sitting down with lawyers in an attempt to get ahead of the backlash coming her way: #Hillarysemail Huma Abedin is not on the plane with #HillaryClinton today. She must be freaking out especially since she signed this doc. pic.twitter.com/KOwI5rN1pW 
— Trump Street Team FL (@ChatRevolve) October 29, 2016 
When it comes down to it, Americans are sick and tired of being lied to by crooked Hillary and her campaign. We’re done with watching the political elite get away with things that others would be in prison for. However, it seems as though the tides are changing and Hillary and her goons could find themselves living in a cage for the next few years just like they deserve. 
However, it seems as though the tides are changing and Hillary and her goons could find themselves living in a cage for the next few years just like they deserve. Her White House dreams are turning into a jailhouse nightmare, and it’s long overdue.",0
5881,A Conspiracy Theory’s Journey From Talk Radio to Trump’s Twitter - The New York Times,"WASHINGTON  —   It began at 6 p. m. Thursday as a conspiratorial rant on conservative talk radio: President Barack Obama had used the “instrumentalities of the federal government” to wiretap the Republican seeking to succeed him. This “is the big scandal,” Mark Levin, the host, told his listeners. By Friday morning, the unsubstantiated allegation had been picked up by Breitbart News, the site once headed by President Trump’s chief strategist, Stephen K. Bannon. Less than 24 hours later, the president embraced the conspiracy in a series of Twitter posts accusing his predecessor of spying on him, setting in motion the latest        furor of Mr. Trump’s    presidency. Previous presidents usually measured their words to avoid a media feeding frenzy, but Mr. Trump showed again over the weekend that he feeds off the frenzy. Uninhibited by the traditional protocols of his office, he makes the most incendiary assertions based on shreds of suspicion. He does so without consulting some of his most senior aides, or even agencies of his own government that might have contrary information. After setting off a public firestorm with no proof, he then calls for an investigation to find the missing evidence. To his adversaries, Mr. Trump’s   seems like a calculated strategy to distract from another story he wants to avoid. In this case, they said Sunday, he clearly wanted to turn the conversation away from Attorney General Jeff Sessions, who recused himself last week from any federal investigation into the Trump campaign’s links with Russia in response to reports that he had met with Russia’s ambassador during the presidential race. Instead of what Mr. Sessions did or did not do, the Sunday talk shows were dominated by discussion about what Mr. Obama did or did not do. But in shifting the story, Mr. Trump also kept the Russia investigation front and center, rather than his initiatives on health care, taxes or jobs. His first address to Congress, which won him plaudits for being presidential, was last week but now feels ages ago. Even some Republicans pointed out that if an eavesdropping warrant had been approved, it would mean that a judge was convinced that someone in Mr. Trump’s circle might have committed a crime or acted as a foreign agent. “I’m very worried that our president is suggesting that the former president has done something illegally,” Senator Lindsey Graham, Republican of South Carolina, told the audience at a town   meeting in his home state over the weekend. At the same time, he said, “I would be very worried if, in fact, the Obama administration was able to obtain a warrant lawfully about Trump campaign activity with a foreign government. ” This was hardly the first time Mr. Trump made a shocking accusation without evidence. He claimed that more than three million people voted against him illegally in November, giving Hillary Clinton a victory in the popular vote. Republican and Democratic officials alike said there was no indication of any such thing, and Mr. Trump’s promised investigation has so far led nowhere. Nor was it the first time Mr. Trump leveled astonishing allegations against Mr. Obama. He spent years promoting the false claim that Mr. Obama was not born in the United States, promising an investigation to uncover the truth and backing down only last year, during his campaign. And last summer, he asserted that Mr. Obama was “the founder of ISIS. ” The White House remained firm on Sunday even after Mr. Obama’s office denied ordering a wiretap and James R. Clapper Jr. the former director of national intelligence, said on NBC’s “Meet the Press” that there had been no wiretapping of Mr. Trump or his campaign. James B. Comey, the F. B. I. director, privately asked the Justice Department to issue a statement that Mr. Trump’s claim was false, senior officials said, but the department had not done so as of Sunday evening. “Everybody acts like President Trump is the one that came up with this idea and just threw it out there,” Sarah Huckabee Sanders, a White House spokeswoman, said on “This Week” on ABC News. “There are multiple news outlets that have reported this. And all we’re asking is that we get the same level of look into the Obama administration and the potential that they had for a complete abuse of power that they’ve been claiming that we have done over the last six months. ” Ms. Sanders pointed to reports in “multiple outlets,” including The New York Times, as the foundation for the allegation. Mr. Levin, the radio host, likewise read from a series of mainstream news reports during an appearance on “Fox  Friends” on Sunday. “The evidence is overwhelming,” he said. “This is not about President Trump’s tweeting. This is about the Obama administration’s spying, and the question isn’t whether it spied. ” He added, “The question is who they did spy on, the extent of the spying  —   that is, the Trump campaign, the Trump transition, Trump surrogates. ” But the news organizations he and Ms. Sanders cited have not reported that Mr. Obama tapped Mr. Trump’s phones, as the president claimed on Twitter. The Times has reported that several of Mr. Trump’s associates are being investigated for their connections with Russians and that law enforcement agencies have examined intercepted communications. It has not reported that those associates themselves have necessarily been wiretapped, but it has reported surveillance of Russians, which is commonplace. News outlets have noted that a phone call between Michael T. Flynn, Mr. Trump’s first national security adviser, and Russia’s ambassador to the United States, Sergey I. Kislyak, was monitored, leading to Mr. Flynn’s resignation because his account of the conversation did not match the intercept. It is common for the United States to monitor the communications of Russia’s ambassador. The Times also reported that before leaving office, Obama officials tried to spread information about Russian meddling in the election and possible links between Russia and Trump associates, in order to leave a trail for government investigators. Some Republicans suggested that Mr. Trump might have extrapolated that into an unfounded assertion. “I think the president was not correct, certainly, in saying that President Obama ordered a tap on a server in Trump Tower,” former Attorney General Michael B. Mukasey said on “This Week. ” “However, I think he’s right in that there was surveillance and that it was conducted at the behest of the attorney  —   of the Justice Department,” through the special court that authorizes eavesdropping on suspected foreign agents inside the United States. Conservative radio hosts like Mr. Levin and Rush Limbaugh have focused on Mr. Obama’s “tactics” for a while. But it was not until Breitbart published its story that the specific claims crossed Mr. Trump’s desk. Mr. Trump’s aides  —   including Mr. Bannon, an   figure who has long questioned the motives of parts of the extensive intelligence bureaucracy  —   have believed for a long time that the Obama administration colluded with federal investigators who were searching for activity between Russian officials and the Trump campaign surrounding the hacking of Democratic National Committee emails. They have never offered evidence, but Mr. Trump has long dabbled in conspiracy theories. So when Mr. Trump became aware of the claims in the Breitbart article, aides said, they were appealing to him. It was not immediately clear if someone printed the article out for him or if it was part of a collection of Twitter posts and news articles that his aides present to him each day. But it resonated. Aides say Mr. Trump went into Friday in a foul mood. He had not known ahead of time that Mr. Sessions planned to recuse himself and never thought he should, even after Mr. Sessions acknowledged that he had talked to Mr. Kislyak despite suggesting otherwise in his Senate confirmation hearing. Mr. Trump told some advisers that he thought Mr. Sessions had fumbled his answer at that hearing. But on Friday morning in an angry session in the Oval Office, the president railed at aides about the recusal, singling out the White House counsel’s office and the communications staff in a tirade visible through the window to a nearby television camera. Still upset after arriving at    his estate in Palm Beach, Fla. Mr. Trump woke up Saturday morning and began posting on Twitter at 6:26 a. m. In a burst of six messages, he tried to turn the tables by noting that members of the Obama administration also met with Russia’s ambassador. Without citing a source, he asserted that Mr. Obama had tapped his phones, and compared it to Watergate. “Bad (or sick) guy,” the president wrote. While the political world erupted over the allegation, Mr. Trump was adamant in conversations throughout the day that he was on to something. His chief strategist, Mr. Bannon, the former Breitbart chairman, flew down to Florida with Donald F. McGahn II, the White House counsel, on Saturday. Late Saturday morning, Mr. Trump’s aides spoke about how to get him to stop posting on Twitter, to avoid opening himself up to further problems. He golfed a little, then returned to the club and began working the phones. At dinner, he roamed the patio, telling a friend, Chris Ruddy, the chief executive of Newsmax Media, that his claims about Mr. Obama would prove true. By Sunday, advisers said, he was fuming that more people were not defending him. And so he doubled down, calling for a congressional investigation. “Reports concerning potentially politically motivated investigations immediately ahead of the 2016 election are very troubling,” Mr. Trump’s press secretary, Sean Spicer, said on Twitter. Until then, he said, the president will not comment further.",0
5882,"Rory McIlroy Caves to Fan Pressure, Would ‘Think Twice’ About Golfing with Trump Again - Breitbart","When Irish golfer Rory McIlroy accelerated his rehab for a stress fracture to his ribs to play a round of golf with the newly elected 45th president of the United States, Donald Trump, he took a pounding from fans and the press. [Now McIlroy is saying that the juice may not have been worth the squeeze. “Would I do it again?” he said on Tuesday. “After the sort of backlash I received, I’d think twice about it. ”  Fans tweeted the    Irish golfer, ranked #2 in the world, and accused him of “normalizing this lying, racist scumbag. ” Lefties from across the globe expressed that they lost all respect for McIlroy.  USA Today writer Christine Brennan can’t understand why Rory, who says “he won’t be having many cups of tea” with the members of the Honourable Company of Edinburgh Golfers because they took so long to admit women members to Muirfield golf club, agreed to play with someone as horrible as Trump in the first place.   Brennan wrote, “But wasn’t it natural to wonder why he said he wouldn’t be having tea with the sexist members of that stodgy club, yet still felt comfortable playing a round of golf with a man who bragged about sexually assaulting women, mocked a disabled person and carried on a   battle with a Gold Star family, among other things?”  McIlroy said about his golf outing with Trump, “there was not one bit of politics discussed in that round of golf. He was more interested talking about the grass that he just put on the greens. “But, yeah, look, it’s a difficult one. I felt I would have been making more of a statement if I had turned it down. It’s not a tough place to be put in, but it was a round of golf and nothing more. ” McIlroy has already expressed on his twitter feed that, ”This wasn’t an endorsement nor a political statement of any kind, It was, quite simply, a round of golf. ”",0
5883,A Long Road to the Epigenome," 29 UTC The link between DNA and disease is by now obvious. But it's also obscure. A zillion moving parts go into disorders like cancer and Alzheimer's disease, and only a comparative few are known for sure. Researchers believe something called the Epigenome Roadmap a cascade of two dozen papers published last year is gradually changing that. The Roadmap is a catalog of the millions of epigenetic switches that control gene action. It's pretty clear that epigenetics is key to really understanding disease as well as normal human traits. Eventually, that is; nailing down those connections is going to take time. For one thing, disease mutations and other DNA variations, it turns out, are hardly ever where you would expect them to be: in genes that make the proteins that run the show. Ninety percent of disease-related mutations are in the regions of DNA that lie outside those genes, the regulatory regions that control protein-coding gene action. The working hypothesis is that variation in disease susceptibility - or any other trait - depends mostly on subtle differences in the expression of protein-coding genes, which is under epigenetic control. Mutations associated with Alzheimer's disease, in a surprising and immediately practical finding among those new papers, turned out to be active not so much in brain cells, where you might expect activity. Instead, they altered epigenomic activity in cells of the immune system. ""Our results suggest that repression of neural pathways does not represent genetic predisposition, even though it is a hallmark of Alzheimer's,"" senior author Li-Huei Tsai of MIT said in a statement. ""Instead, it may occur as a consequence of environmental factors and aging , and result from interactions with the altered immune pathways."" This was work done in mice, so we don't know for sure that it applies to humans. But it gives scientists a hopeful new target for figuring out how to prevent and treat this devastating disease, which every day grows more urgent in our aging populations. Epigenome researchers also reported advances in asthma and allergy research. They identified more than two dozen genes that regulate IgE, the antibody that provokes allergic reactions. In some people, epigenetic mechanisms interfere with shutting down those genes at the right time. The result is the overproduction of IgE, which triggers asthma attacks. Miriam Moffatt, a senior investigator on the project, said in a statement, ""The genes we identified represent new potential drug targets for allergic diseases as well as biomarkers that may predict which patients will respond to existing expensive therapies."" What is the epigenome? But what is the epigenome anyway? The epigenome is the reason that all your body cells, which started out identical when your mother's fertilized egg began splitting into daughter cells, were able to turn themselves into specialists: brain, liver, heart, skin, etc. The epigenome is the reason identical twins, which have identical genomes, are always different from each other (sometimes very different), grow more different as they age, and often have different diseases. The epigenome is a reason that we humans are utterly unlike chimpanzees, even though our DNA differs very little. The simplest way to think about the epigenome is that it's all about the biochemical switches that turn genes on and off in particular cells at particular times of life. Epigenetics seeks to explain how the environment—what you eat, how your parents treated you, all of your life events and possibly even your ancestors' life events—has made you into you. Those biochemical switches are how nurture shapes nature. Explaining the relationship of the genome and the epigenome at a press conference announcing the papers (all published in Nature and associated journals), study coauthor Manolis Kellis of MIT said, ""All our cells have a copy of the same book [the genome], but they're all reading different chapters , bookmarking different pages, and highlighting different paragraphs and words."" The bookmarks Kellis spoke of are biochemical mechanisms that change the behavior of genetic material without changing any DNA sequences. The two best known and most studied of these mechanisms are DNA methylation and histone modification. Histones are the proteins DNA is wrapped tightly around. Histone modifications usually involve attachment of an acetyl group (CH3CO.) Acetylation helps tightly coiled DNA unwind a bit, making genes easier to get to and turn on. In methylation, methyl groups (CH3) stick to DNA and usually suppress gene expression. That's what was going on in the asthma study described above. Among asthma patients, the researchers found low methylation at 36 places in 34 genes. Low methylation meant the genes didn't get turned off. Hence overproduction of IgE antibodies that trigger asthma attacks. For the National Institutes of Health's Roadmap Epigenomics Program, hundreds of scientists around the world studied epigenetic events in more than 100 types of body tissues from healthy adults, fetal cells, and stem cells, assembling reference epigenomes for each one. These epigenetic patterns characteristic of each tissue can be compared to other samples, including tissue from people with dozens of diseases. Examples: type 1 diabetes, Crohn's disease, high blood pressure, inflammatory bowel disease and Alzheimer's disease. Comparisons permit scientists to see epigenetic abnormalities in particular cell types. Naysaying and cautions Not everybody thinks the epigenome project is awesome. An anonymous scientist blogging at Homolog.us - Bioinformatics complained, "" Nothing managed to derail this expensive boondoggle over the last four years, including powerful critics of the scientific principle behind it, fraud allegation against the leader, public humiliation of its sister project ENCODE, NIH cost-cutting and protest of the scientists, and so on."" As for the idea that diet, toxic exposures, parental behavior, and other lifestyle factors determine health, ""not a single claim is backed by any science. We have gone through many of the relevant studies, and they were often based on poor-quality association studies of 30 or 40 persons and no further study of causal mechanism."" That fulmination is a minority view, and it's not accurate to claim that all epigenetics studies are weak. But it is certainly the case that, despite the hoopla surrounding these papers, realizing gains to human health from research on the epigenome is a long way away. These studies need to be replicated and, in the case of studies done on animals, replicated in humans. But to date, epigenetics findings have been difficult to repeat . Also, epigenetic activity varies throughout the lifespan, and so epigenetic investigations tied to the aging process will be required. Studies of 1000 additional cell type epigenomes are being planned. Kellis, a leader of the Epigenome Roadmap Consortium roundly savaged at Homolog.us, certainly, can be counted a fan of epigenome research. But even his forecast, which is presumably optimistic, predicts that figuring out how one person's epigenome differs from another will take the next decade. Tabitha M. Powledge is a long-time science journalist and a contributing columnist for the Genetic Literacy Project. She also writes On Science Blogs for the PLOS Blogs Network. Follow her @tamfecit.",0
5884,6 Ways To Know For Sure That What You’re Drinking... | ClickHole,"Email Knowledge is power. 
1. Put a pork slice in there and see if it makes that real pork-on-cup sound: Just give it a couple shakes and listen for that unmistakable sound that can only come from cup-to-pork contact. If so, friend: You have a cup on your hands. 
2. Mail a letter to the Department of Drinking Receptacles: This government agency was started by Dwight Eisenhower in 1953 to help citizens identify what items in their homes are cups. It’s your tax dollars at work, so take advantage! 
3. Apply the helpful acronym C.U.P.: It stands for “Cups Usually Pour,” and it just might save your ass one day. 
4. It’s big enough to fit your entire tongue into, but small enough that you can’t swim inside: Remember: You should be able to reach the liquid, but if you feel yourself drowning, you are not drinking from a real cup. 
5. It meets the biblical definition of a cup: Think back to your days in Sunday school to recall that “with hole in top, open to the Lord, and bottom closed to sin, such is the true cup.” Leviticus 6:19. Who said Church was useless?? 
6. It says “Welcome to Hawaii” on it: If you don’t know if it’s a cup or not by this point, you’re a lost cause. ",0
5885,Google Search Results for ‘Pathological Lying’ Return Clinton Photo in Epic Act of Trolling,"Home / Be The Change / Flex Your rights / Google Search Results for ‘Pathological Lying’ Return Clinton Photo in Epic Act of Trolling Google Search Results for ‘Pathological Lying’ Return Clinton Photo in Epic Act of Trolling Claire Bernish October 31, 2016 Leave a comment 
Despite a full month of revelations from Hillary Clinton campaign chair John Podesta’s emails published on a near daily basis by Wikileaks that, in a non-dystopian year, would utterly ruin an average candidate’s bid for the presidency, the corporate press has laughingly maintained its fealty to the former secretary of state. 
So, assumedly fed up with the farce, someone — or, rather, a group of someones — took matters into their own hands Sunday night to flatly prove the point by linking a Google search for the term “pathological lying” directly to an image of Ms. White House Hopeful and two-time FBI investigation subject, Hillary Clinton. 
In the “featured snippet block,” as Google terms it, Clinton’s image appeared next to the preview for and link to the Wikipedia entry for “Pathological lying,” along with the cursory definition, stating: 
“It is a stand-alone disorder as well as a symptom of other disorders such as psychopathy and antisocial, narcissistic, and histrionic personality disorders, but people who are pathological liars may not possess characteristics of the other disorders. Excessive lying is a symptom of several mental disorders.” 
Clinton’s mendaciousness has proven itself time and again, whether during testimony concerning her use of a personal server for business during and after her tenure as secretary of state, to claiming she had no memory of sardonically joking about assassinating Wikileaks founder Julian Assange with a drone hit. 
But beginning on October 28, as can be seen in the Wikipedia edit history , someone decided they’d had enough with the corporate presstitutes’ continued excuses made for the benefit of Clinton’s continued campaign, and changed the pathological lying entry to reflect as much. 
“Added the only person who has a proven track record for being a Pathlogical [sic] liar. References can be easily looked up on wikileaks, most media sites, and thru congressional hearings,” the bold editor noted of their new addition. 
It would seem someone alert enough caught the edit and reverted the entry — but then another editor decided to try again the following day. 
“I added a picture of a Pathological Liar,” the second editor noted. 
At one point, as the Huffington Post reported , someone deleted the entire page introduction and replaced it with, simply, “Hillary Clinton.” 
None of these edits went over too well with the Wikipedia moderators, and despite repeated attempts by the pranksters turned truth-tellers, the entry was eventually locked from any further edits until November 3rd due to “vandalism.” 
As the Washington Times noted , these rogue editors assumed public familiarity with Clinton’s less-than-honest record — none cited specific examples of actual lies. 
Had they done so, there would have been a plethora from which to choose — perhaps most notoriously the subject of a reopened investigation by the FBI. 
Clinton, in fact, lied under oath in Congressional testimony concerning her private server when she claimed “there was nothing marked classified” in emails, either “sent or received.” 
Not only were classified documents both sent and received over the unsecured server, but a handful were determined later to be “secret.” 
While examples of Clinton’s lies, corruption, and collusion could easily fill entire volumes of work, nonetheless, she continues to be shown in a favorable light by the very corporate media outlets found to have worked in concert with her campaign behind the scenes. 
Although Wikipedia’s Pathological Lying entry can’t be touched for at least a few more days, the epic prank certainly made the point — Hillary Clinton might indeed be a pathological liar. Share",0
5886,ISIS Claims Responsibility for Istanbul Nightclub Attack - The New York Times,"ISTANBUL  —   The Islamic State on Monday issued a rare claim of responsibility for an attack in Turkey after a New Year’s Day shooting at an Istanbul nightclub that killed at least 39 people, describing the gunman who carried out the assault  —   and who has not been identified or captured  —   as “a hero soldier of the caliphate. ” The Turkish authorities are still searching for the gunman, who killed a police officer guarding the Reina nightclub before going on a shooting rampage with a   rifle, but the state news media reported that eight suspects had been detained in connection with the attack. The authorities on Monday released two photographs of the person suspected of being the gunman, captured by security cameras, that showed a   cleanshaven man in a dark winter coat. The government’s spokesman, Numan Kurtulmus, said at a news conference that investigators believed they found the assailant’s fingerprints and that they were close to identifying him. Mr. Kurtulmus did not mention the Islamic State specifically, but he said Turkey would press the fight against terrorism. Referring to the attack, which happened just after midnight on Sunday morning, Mr. Kurtulmus said: “The fact that it was done during the first minutes of 2017 gives an important message. The message is, ‘We will go on to menace Turkey in 2017.’ And we say to them, we will break into your caves wherever you are. ” The Turkish newspaper Hurriyet reported on Monday that the gunman might be from Kyrgyzstan or elsewhere in Central Asia. The Russian news agency Interfax quoted Aiymkan Kulukeyeva, a spokeswoman for the Foreign Ministry in Kyrgyzstan, as saying, “According to preliminary information, this information is doubtful, but we are checking all the same. ” The Islamic State asserted in a statement that the attack had been carried out “in continuation of the blessed operations that the Islamic State is conducting against Turkey, the protector of the cross. ” “A hero soldier of the caliphate attacked one of the most famous nightclubs, where Christians celebrated their pagan holiday,” read the statement from the Islamic State, also known as ISIS or ISIL. “They used hand grenades and a machine gun and transformed their celebration to mourning. ” In an apparent reference to Turkey’s role in the conflict in Syria, the statement warned that “the government of Turkey should know that the blood of Muslims, which it is targeting with its planes and its guns, will cause a fire in its home by God’s will. ” The statement did not name the assailant, and it was not clear whether the Islamic State had organized the attack or had merely inspired the gunman. But the shooting came just days after a   State group, the Nashir Media Foundation, published the latest in a series of messages calling for attacks on clubs, markets and movie theaters. The Islamic State’s claim of responsibility came after years of complex relations between the Turkish state and the jihadist group operating across its southern border. Several terrorist attacks in Turkey over the last year have been attributed to the Islamic State, but the militant group rarely claims responsibility for major attacks in the country. A rare exception came in November, when the group claimed to be behind a deadly car bombing in southeastern Turkey. Analysts said that the Islamic State has walked a fine line in Turkey, trying to balance its goal of destabilizing the country without antagonizing the government to the extent that it would crack down heavily. For years, Turkey looked the other way, according to analysts and regional diplomats, as jihadist groups moved fighters and supplies across the border, establishing deep networks in Turkish border towns. Committed to supporting the uprising against President Bashar   of Syria, Turkey felt the jihadists could be managed while they fought with forces loyal to the Syrian government. But that policy ultimately changed, as Turkey worked to secure its borders, under pressure from its allies as it took in millions of Syrian refugees and as terrorist attacks rocked the country. Turkey began a military intervention in northern Syria in August that put its forces on the front lines against Kurdish militants as well as Islamic State fighters. This turned the jihadists decidedly against Turkey, prompting their leaders to call for attacks there. The Turkish military said on Monday that it had struck Islamic State targets in Syria, killing at least 22 militants. American intelligence officials had recently expressed concern about a possible attack in Turkey, warning in a statement on Dec. 22 that extremist groups were “continuing aggressive efforts to conduct attacks throughout Turkey” in areas where American citizens and expatriates lived or visited. That warning came three days after a gunman, described by Turkish officials as a      police officer, assassinated Andrey G. Karlov, the Russian ambassador to Turkey, at an art gallery in the capital, Ankara. The gunman shouted “God is great!” and “Don’t forget Aleppo, don’t forget Syria!” during the attack, which was captured on video. The   Anadolu news agency said that 38 of the 39 people who died in the attack on Sunday had been identified, The Associated Press reported. At least two dozen of the people killed were said to be foreigners.",0
5887,"A List of Priorities From Trump, and Kris Kobach Tips His Hand - The New York Times","With Thanksgiving approaching, the transition team is putting the last touches on   Donald J. Trump’s national security leadership even as Mr. Trump pivots to his domestic and economic policy cabinet posts. One visitor to Trump Tower on Monday is of note: a Democrat, Representative Tulsi Gabbard of Hawaii. Another, Secretary of State Kris Kobach of Kansas, let the world see part of his plans for the Department of Homeland Security.   Trump has yet to hold a news conference, but he did release what aides said should suffice for now, a video news  release on his immediate plans: Scrap the   Partnership trade deal with 11 other Pacific Rim countries, junk President Obama’s environmental regulations to boost production of coal and natural gas and ban administration officials from lobbying for five years, among other items. Mr. Kobach, the conservative Kansas secretary of state, may have been a little too loose with his plans for the Department of Homeland Security. Entering Trump Tower, the     up for the job of secretary of homeland security, was photographed carrying a document titled “Kobach Strategic Plan for First 365 Days. ” Some of it was obscured by his arm, but not all. Under “Bar the Entry of Potential Terrorists,” the document called for reintroducing the “National Security   Registration System” implemented after the attacks of Sept. 11, 2001, and suspended a decade later. It also calls for “extreme vetting questions” for “  aliens. ” Questions included support for Sharia law, jihad and the equality of men and women. The document also calls for an end to entry for Syrian refugees. Ms. Gabbard, an Iraq war veteran and former Bernie Sanders supporter, defended her visit Monday to the office of the   saying she needed to talk foreign policy with Mr. Trump “before the drumbeats of war that neocons have been beating drag us into an escalation of the war to overthrow the Syrian government. ” Her statement, lengthy and somewhat defensive, allowed, “While the rules of political expediency would say I should have refused to meet with   Trump, I never have and never will play politics with American and Syrian lives. ” She then made the case against any intervention in a war that has pulled in Russia and left hundreds of thousands slaughtered. Her case is a break from the position that her fellow Democrat, Hillary Clinton, campaigned on. It fits nicely with Mr. Trump’s reluctance to engage  —   and with warnings against American involvement from the president of Russia, Vladimir V. Putin. And speaking of Ms. Gabbard, Kellyanne Conway, a Trump senior adviser and his campaign manager, took some time on Monday to laud the fledgling rebellion in Democratic ranks against the liberal old guard. Speaking to reporters, Ms. Conway praised Ms. Gabbard’s willingness to buck the party, boosted Representative Tim Ryan, a Democrat from Youngstown, Ohio, who is challenging Representative Nancy Pelosi’s leadership, and had kind words for Senator Bernie Sanders of Vermont, who has said Democrats need to focus more on economic struggles and less on the grievances of minorities and women. “Bernie Sanders today was also quoted as saying they should stop identity politics in the Democratic Party. Whoa. He can call and we’ll tell him how to do that and win,” she said. Mr. Sanders struck back in his way, declaring the Trump infrastructure a scam for   investors. Ms. Conway also weighed in on the growing scrutiny of the  ’s business pursuits, which appear to be continuing even as he prepares to lead the free world. She also made it clear she did not like reporters questioning his continuing business pursuits. “Do you ask people how long they will play golf and do the transition? Are you suggesting he is doing something illegal?” she snapped. “I already said he is not. But the presumption is that he is. ” A coterie of leading television executives and   personalities met Monday with the   for an    meeting. Depending on the accounts, it may or may not have gone swimmingly. The New York Post wrote it up as a battle royal. “Trump kept saying, ‘We’re in a room of liars, the deceitful, dishonest media who got it all wrong,’” the  ’s favorite tabloid wrote. Ms. Conway said the meeting had been “mischaracterized. ” “No, he did not explode in anger,” she said. Among those spotted were NBC’s Deborah Turness, MSNBC’s Phil Griffin, CNN’s Jeff Zucker and Wolf Blitzer, Fox News’s Bill Shine, Jack Abernethy, Jay Wallace and Suzanne Scott, and CBS’s John Dickerson and Charlie Rose. Former Senator Scott Brown of Massachusetts emerged from the gilded elevators of Trump Tower on Monday to do what most visitors have not: Make a public case to be in the  ’s cabinet. Specifically, the man who lost a Senate seat to Elizabeth Warren, then failed to win another in New Hampshire, wants to be secretary of veterans affairs. “We obviously spoke about my passion and his passion, which are veterans and veterans issues,” he told the news media. “The toughest job in the cabinet is to lead the V. A. because it has, while it has so many angels working there, it has so many great problems as well. So he’s obviously going to take my application, or interest, under consideration. I’m glad that he called. ” He did acknowledge he was not a sure thing, despite his early and passionate advocacy for candidate Trump in New Hampshire, which Mrs. Clinton narrowly carried. “I think I’m the best person, but there are some tremendous people out there, and I don’t look at it as a competition,” he said. Perhaps it was impolitic of Stephen K. Bannon, Mr. Trump’s senior adviser, to praise conservative women like Sarah Palin and Ann Coulter by saying their leadership “would be   they would have husbands, they would love their children. ” “They wouldn’t be a bunch of dykes that came from the Seven Sisters schools up in New England,” he said in a 2011 radio interview. Now the heads of Barnard College, Bryn Mawr College, Mount Holyoke College, the Radcliffe Institute for Advanced Study at Harvard University, Smith College, Vassar College and Wellesley College are asking the future senior White House adviser to “take a more expansive, informed and tolerant worldview. ” “Our alumnae are accomplished leaders in all spheres of public and professional life they are committed to their work, their families and their countries. Now more than ever, we look to those who would lead the United States of America for a message of inclusion, respect and unity,” they wrote in an open letter to Mr. Bannon. Hillary Clinton’s popular vote lead surged above 1. 72 million on Sunday night, with millions of votes still to count. At 1. 3 percentage points, she has built a lead not seen in a losing campaign since Rutherford B. Hayes’s bitterly disputed election of 1876. The 2016 results have no such disputes, however. Mrs. Clinton’s lead keeps rising on her strength in California, where her margin stands at 29 percentage points, up from President Obama’s 23 percentage points 2012. She has failed to close the gap in any of the swing states that she lost, though Mr. Trump’s lead in Michigan has dwindled to 11, 612 votes, a bad night in Tiger Stadium. Florida certified its results on Sunday, sealing Mr. Trump’s margin of victory at 1. 2 percentage points.   candidates in Florida easily took enough votes to swing the results. But more Americans seem prepared to give Mr. Trump a chance. A new Morning Consult poll found that 46 percent of registered voters view the   favorably, the same number that see him unfavorably. Just before the election, 37 percent of voters viewed him favorably, while 61 percent viewed him unfavorably.",0
5888,"China Machado, Breakthrough Model Until the End, Dies at 86 - The New York Times","China Machado, one of the first   to appear in the pages of an American glossy fashion magazine and a model who helped break not only the race barrier but also the age barrier, died on Sunday in Brookhaven, N. Y. on Long Island. She was 86. Her family said the cause was cardiac arrest. Ms. Machado (whose first name was pronounced  ) lived a colorful life: She was born Noelie de Souza Machado on Christmas Day 1929, in Shanghai fled the country with her parents in 1946, after the Japanese occupation had an affair with Luis Dominguín, the Spanish bullfighter, who left her for Ava Gardner and socialized with François Truffaut. But at a time when the fashion industry is still struggling with diversity, it is worth pausing to consider what “colorful” really meant when it came to Ms. Machado, what her career represented and how far we still have to go, nearly six decades later. Her legacy extends far beyond the pictures she created, and the poses she struck, to make us rethink our assumptions about what is considered beautiful, and why. And it is as relevant today as when she first stepped on a runway, in the 1950s. “China Machado was one of the first great pioneers in the firmament of haute couture,” André Leon Talley, the former Vogue editor at large and the fashion and style director of i. am+ the tech firm founded by Will. i. am, wrote in an email. He added that she “made of her ethnicity something powerful. Internationally, she paved the way for diversity and other races, as well as paving the way for the rise of the black model in print and on the runway. ” Stefano Tonchi, the editor of W, said: “She was the first to put in front of the audience the idea of the otherness, bringing out memories of different cultures and fragments of other imagery. She always did it with irony, without posing, modeling or vogueing. Somehow she showed it all while dancing. ” And though she did not do it consciously in the beginning, by the time she was aware of her historic place in the fashion world, her daughter Emmanuelle   said, she “was proud to wear that mantle. She thought so much of fashion looked the same, and she wanted to celebrate the idea that everyone could be who they were. ” Ms. Machado certainly was. It began in 1959, when Ms. Machado became the first nonwhite model featured in the pages of Harper’s Bazaar. She had started modeling in Paris, most notably for Hubert de Givenchy and Balenciaga (so successfully that she was the   runway model in Europe) and Oleg Cassini brought her to New York for his runway show in 1958. She caught the eye of Diana Vreeland, who sent her to Richard Avedon, then Harper’s Bazaar’s star photographer and a crucial player in forming the magazine’s identity. He christened her his “muse” and began photographing her in looks that, Mr. Talley pointed out, had previously been worn only “by white models. ” Avedon wanted his photos of Ms. Machado in Bazaar’s February issue. But according to an interview Ms. Machado did with CNN in 2011, Robert F. MacLeod, the magazine’s publisher at the time, said: “Listen, we can’t publish these pictures. The girl is not white. ” “I knew I was considered kind of ‘exotic,’ if you want to use that word, in Europe, but it wasn’t any kind of a slur,” Ms. Machado told New York magazine this year. Avedon’s contract with Bazaar was up for renewal at the time, however, and, according to Ms. Machado, he threatened not to   unless his photos of Ms. Machado appeared in the magazine, and such was his power that the editors finally agreed. He “sort of blackmailed them into putting these pictures into the magazine,” she said. (Some published reports have stated that Ms. Machado appeared on the cover of Bazaar in 1959, but her daughter disputes that date, saying the model was not her mother, and that her first cover was in 1971. A spokeswoman for the Richard Avedon Foundation said it could not confirm the identity of the 1959 cover model but that she “didn’t think” it was Ms. Machado.) It wasn’t the only boundary she and Avedon pushed for the magazine. She was also its first nude, in 1961. And it wasn’t the only racism she encountered. After she appeared on Cassini’s runway in 1958, she said in New York magazine, he spoke to a group of “Southern buyers” because they were ignoring all the dresses Ms. Machado had worn in the show. He asked why, and they said, Ms. Machado reported, “Oh, she’s black. ” (Actually, she was mixed race, with Portuguese, Chinese and Indian roots.) And even later, when she was at the height of her fame, she told CNN: ”Every advert that came out, it would say stupidly, ‘The Great China’ on it. I felt like   …     a circus!” Things have clearly gotten better since then: A recent    report on diversity from TheFashionSpot said that in 2016, 29 percent of magazine covers featured nonwhite models, a 6. 2 percent increase from last year. But runways were only 25. 4 percent nonwhite, a paltry 0. 7 percent increase, which underscores the tendency of fashion to look at diversity as a trend rather than as an issue that needs to be addressed on a deep, systemic level. Indeed, broadly defined, the industry is not doing very well at all when it comes to diversity, with only 0. 9 percent of covers featuring women over size 12 (that translates as six, two of which belonged to Adele) and only 5 percent belonging to women 50 and above (including Michelle Obama, who is arguably beyond age). Which brings us back to Ms. Machado. Because by 2011, more than 50 years after her first, pioneering appearance, she was once again going where very few women in fashion had gone before. With a few notable exceptions, such as the Bazaar cover in 1971 and the Battle of Versailles fashion show in 1973, when she walked in the American contingent, Ms. Machado had, by 1962, segued from her role in front of the camera to one behind it. She became fashion director of Harper’s Bazaar, thus clearing yet another professional pathway (one later followed by such models turned editors as Grace Coddington and Tonne Goodman) and helped introduce Lear’s magazine, aimed at the   set. Then, at age 81, she signed with IMG Models, becoming an effective octogenarian supermodel. She starred in ad campaigns for Barneys and Cole Haan, and was once again in the pages of Harper’s Bazaar. (Though the Cole Haan campaign was nominally celebrating individuals born in 1928, like the brand, it was the one time Ms. Machado “lied about her age to be older than she was,” Ms.   said. “She thought it was close enough. ”) Only last month, she was modeling for a new   shoot by the photographer Steven Klein. All without ever having plastic surgery. “You can’t worry about aging because that’s the worst thing,” she once said. “If you start, then you just keep finding more things you don’t like, and then you’re finished. There are a lot of things I could have done to my face, but it would never stop. ” Ms. Machado is survived by her husband, Ricardo Rosa two daughters, Emanuelle   and Blanche Lasalle and two grandsons. According to Ivan Bart, the president of IMG Models, “China was instrumental in teaching younger models, ‘Own yourself, own your beauty. ’” Her life showed them how. Ms. Machado was always an exception. But if fashion learns anything from her example, someday, perhaps, she will be the rule.",0
5889,The Hillary Clinton File,"  *Articles of the Bound* / The Hillary Clinton File The Hillary Clinton File November 5, 2016, 6:37 am by Roger Aronoff Leave a Comment 0 
Accuracy in Media 
October certainly lived up to its reputation as being a month for surprises in this year’s presidential election, especially for Democratic candidate Hillary Clinton. The media have done as much as they could to help minimize the damage, but a massive amount of new information came out that has confirmed and revealed a pattern of deceit, duplicity and corruption, unmatched in any presidential candidacy in modern times. 
October Surprises 
Until this recent information made its way into the public consciousness, the narrative for this upcoming election was largely intact. Hillary Clinton, the most intelligent, qualified, experienced, compassionate, and yes, the first ever female candidate was headed for an historic win. Sure, she had some people who didn’t find her honest or trustworthy, but that was just because they spent too much time watching Fox News or listening to conservative talk radio. Her opponent—a crude, rude, undisciplined, tax dodging, female-groping, reality television star with a checkered business career—was going down to defeat in historic fashion, while taking down what’s left of the Republican Party he did so much to destroy. 
But with just one week until the most anticipated, feared, dreaded, controversial, shocking and unpredictable campaign in history comes to an end, and we enter the uncharted waters of a post-election that, if the race is close, could be a period of massive civil unrest regardless of which candidate wins—the narrative is in flux. For example, a Washington Post/ABC News tracking poll has shifted in one week from a 12-point lead by Mrs. Clinton, down to a one point lead. And as of November 1, Trump holds a one-point lead in that survey . Both sides largely view the other side’s victory as the end of the world as we know it, and simply unacceptable. 
Despite the media’s best efforts to hold off this late rally by Trump, the cumulative effect of these various October Surprises has dramatically changed the landscape. While some aren’t complete surprises, they are corroboration and confirmation of a number of very damaging stories. First, we have the WikiLeaks revelations. At this point, with the latest release, there are more than 41,000 emails from what WikiLeaks is calling the Podesta file. John Podesta is a long-time Clinton associate who is the chairman of Hillary’s presidential campaign. He also served as chief of staff to former President Bill Clinton and counselor to President Barack Obama. And he is the former president, and now chairman of the Center for American Progress, a far-left Washington think tank. 
The latest batch of 2,500 of Podesta’s emails has produced another major smoking gun, as if any more are needed. The New York Post is reporting that: 
“Hillary Clinton’s campaign chairman directed her former chief of staff to ‘dump all those emails’ the same day a bombshell report revealed Clinton’s use of a private computer server while U.S. secretary of state, WikiLeaks revealed on Tuesday. 
“John Podesta sent the message to Cheryl Mills the evening of March 2, 2015, hours after the New York Times reported that Clinton may have violated federal records requirements by using the server, according to the latest batch of Podesta’s hacked emails.” 
This sounds like intent to destroy evidence, and obstruct justice. 
In these leaks we have learned much about how the Clinton Foundation leveraged Mrs. Clinton’s position as secretary of state to benefit her and the foundation, to bring massive wealth to the Clintons and their cronies, as well as foreign governments and other entities seeking access and favors. We have learned that many people in high-ranking positions in the Obama administration were using their private email accounts to conceal what they wanted to keep hidden from Freedom of Information Act (FOIA) requests. Here is a very handy list of 100 of the most revealing and damaging of the hacked WikiLeaks emails. They aren’t all from Podesta. Some are from FBI documents, others are from Democratic National Committee leaks. 
We continue to find out information from FOIA documents released by Judicial Watch , including a new batch of over 300 such documents that show how Hillary Clinton and her top aide Huma Abedin exchanged classified materials over Mrs. Clinton’s unsecured, home-brew server. According to Judicial Watch, these latest documents include: 
“According to Freedom of Information Act (FOIA) exemptions cited in the documents obtained by Judicial Watch, three of the Clinton-Abedin email exchanges contained material ‘classified to protect national security.’ 
“Also included in the newly obtained documents is an additional instance of the State Department doing special favors for a high-dollar Clinton Foundation donor. And the documents include instances of the distribution by State Department officials of Clinton’s government schedule to members of the Clinton Foundation staff.” 
Project Veritas, run by James O’Keefe, has exposed the inner workings of the Democratic machine in action. It has documented direct ties between Mrs. Clinton, the Democratic National Committee, a Clinton super PAC and far-left activist groups paying people to violently disrupt Donald Trump’s campaign rallies, and help arrange voter fraud in various ways. This is criminal activity that is getting virtually no attention in the media, other than through sites such as Breitbart, and Sean Hannity on his Fox News and radio shows. The media, if they mention it at all, simply say that it comes from the “discredited” O’Keefe, that the video has been edited, and that O’Keefe has previously been convicted of a crime while doing some of his undercover videos. They ignore the substance, which is extremely damning. Photo by BrookingsInst 
The FBI is responsible for yet another October Surprise. On October 28, FBI Director James Comey dropped a bombshell with just 11 days to go before the election. He announced in a letter to Congress that new information had come to his attention about additional emails that they were previously unaware of that may have bearing on the Hillary Clinton email probe that he had said was completed back in July. It turns out that there were some 650,000 emails from and to Hillary’s top aide of approximately 20 years, Huma Abedin, the estranged wife of former New York Democratic congressman Anthony Weiner, who is under investigation by the FBI for alleged sexting with a minor. 
Before that, the FBI summary of their investigation revealed that Clinton “couldn’t remember” 40 times during her three-and-a-half hour interview with the FBI on the Fourth of July weekend. She couldn’t remember, for example, if she had been briefed on protocols for handling classified material. According to the FBI summary, “Clinton could not recall any briefing or training by State related to the retention of federal records or handling of classified information.” 
The Clinton Legacy from the ‘90s 
While Hillary Clinton’s recent history has been plagued by scandal and failure, the recent debacles are not so different from the period of time that she and her husband spent in the White House back in the 1990s. We documented much of that corruption in the 1999 documentary, “The Clinton Legacy,” which we are re-releasing with this new report. 
While most people remember Bill Clinton’s impeachment and scandals as being based on sex with an intern and lying about it under oath, there was more—much, much more. FileGate, TravelGate, and Whitewater each exposed Clinton administration corruption wherein the administration inappropriately housed FBI files in the White House, worked with corrupt individuals under criminal investigation, and generally used the full force of government, including the Internal Revenue Service, to retaliate against dissenters or those they did not favor. 
ChinaGate, which resulted in greater Chinese nuclear strike capabilities, foreshadowed the revelations regarding Russia’s uranium purchase , and highlighted the dangers of the Clinton Foundation’s ongoing foreign conflicts of interest. It involved the handing over of missile technology in exchange for cash to the Clintons and their cronies. 
With the help of Reid Collins, a reporter and anchor for CBS News for 20 years, and at CNN for 10 years, we tell the story of those years. People forget how bad these scandals really were, and we at AIM believed that had these been on the table, not only would Bill Clinton have been impeached, he would have been removed from office as well. As it was, half the Senate voted to remove him from office, but the Democrats came to his rescue. 
Now both Democrats and the media are working on behalf of Hillary Clinton to obscure the facts surrounding a number of scandals which could undermine her bid for president. 
Libya and Benghazi 
As we have noted, Hillary Clinton claimed a prominent position in the Libyan intervention which led to the overthrow of dictator Muammar Qaddafi. Her aide, Jake Sullivan, wrote that she had “leadership/ownership/stewardship of this country’s Libya policy from start to finish.” 
Does that mean that Mrs. Clinton had a part in sending weapons to the Libyan rebels? Citizens’ Commission on Benghazi (CCB) member, and former CIA officer, Clare Lopez told WorldNetDaily that “We have ample evidence the Libyan gun-running operation was a White House operation and that the State Department under Hillary Clinton ran the show.” Many of these so called rebels were known al-Qaeda affiliated jihadist groups, which is why we called our first CCB report, “ How America Switched Sides in the War on Terror .” 
But Hillary Clinton’s involvement in Libya has been more than an embarrassment—it has actually cost lives. The Obama/Clinton administration was offered a chance to negotiate Qaddafi’s abdication under a white flag of truce, as the CCB revealed. But they refused the offer, choosing war instead, and thousands of Libyans died as a result. Later, when four Americans were killed in Benghazi on September 11 and 12, 2012, Hillary was peddling the lie that the attack was based on spontaneous demonstrations in response to a YouTube video called “The Innocence of Muslims.” She knew that it was, in fact, a planned terrorist attack by jihadis, and said so to her daughter, and top officials in both Libya and Egypt. She then lied to the family members of the dead Americans, telling them that we were going to get the filmmaker of “The Innocence of Muslims,” who she said was responsible for their deaths. 
Ever since the West’s intervention that prompted regime change concluded, Libya has devolved into a conflict-ridden haven for the Islamic State and other terrorists. AIM’s Citizens’ Commission on Benghazi has thoroughly documented this tragic blunder. 
Russian Reset 
Mrs. Clinton’s Russian reset hasn’t fared much better. As we have reported, President Obama and Hillary Clinton’s Russian re-set policy paved the way for Russian aggression in Syria and Ukraine, as well as “Vladimir Putin’s decision to give sanctuary to NSA defector Edward Snowden,” whose leaks have helped ISIS. 
Back in 2014, Reuters admitted that the Russian reset had failed and that the “Cold War” was back . Now, with Mrs. Clinton running for president, the media portray her international experience as secretary of state as a grand success. The New York Times, in its January endorsement of Hillary , wrote that “The combination of a new president who talked about inclusiveness and a chief diplomat who had been his rival but shared his vision allowed the United States to repair relations around the world that had been completely trashed by the previous administration.” They asserted that Hillary “brought star power as well as expertise to the table.” 
Clinton Foundation Corruption 
Other things that Hillary Clinton brought to the table included a number of conflicts of interest and an endless string of donors who may have benefited from her term as secretary of state. As we reported, Peter Schweizer, author of Clinton Cash , wrote, “Any serious journalist or investigator will tell you that proving corruption by a political figure is extremely difficult.” He continues, “…That is also why investigators primarily look at patterns of behavior.” 
In the case of the Clintons, the pattern of behavior is stunning. We have called it “ blatant, willful, and indisputable ” due to the growing number of examples of favors that were done, and donations accepted, while Hillary was secretary of state. The Associated Press reported that “More than half the people outside the government who met with Hillary Clinton while she was secretary of state gave money—either personally or through companies or groups—to the Clinton Foundation.” Hundreds of millions of dollars were involved. According to the AP, “Clinton met with representatives of at least 16 foreign governments that donated as much as $170 million to the Clinton charity, but they were not included in AP’s calculations because such meetings would presumably have been part of her diplomatic duties.” 
In 2015, the Clinton Foundation announced that it would amend four years of tax returns because of an error in how it reported income from foreign government donations, according to Breitbart. The years refiled just happened to include most of the years that Mrs. Clinton served as Secretary of State—2010 through 2013—and involved $20 million. 
While Trump University has garnered significant attention from the media, Laureate Education has received much less mainstream press attention. As Honorary Chancellor of Laureate Education, Bill Clinton received more than $16 million that he routed through a shell corporation, WJC, LLC, as we have reported . Then, “more than $55 million American taxpayer dollars flowed out of Hillary Clinton’s State Department to a non-profit run by Laureate CEO Douglas Becker.” 
The recent WikiLeaks documents pertaining to Clinton campaign chair John Podesta reveal that Mrs. Clinton was invited to a Clinton Global Initiative (CGI) event in Marrakesh, Morocco in 2014. However, the Moroccan King Mohammed VI pledged $12 million to CGI and the foundation under the condition that Hillary Clinton attend the conference herself. 
Longtime Clinton aide Huma Abedin writes in a November 2014 email that “no matter what happens, she will be in Morocco hosting CGI on May 5-7, 2015. Her presence was a condition for the Moroccans to proceed so there is no going back on this.” 
Ultimately, Mrs. Clinton did not attend—but her husband and daughter did. According to The Daily Caller, the CGI event was funded by the Moroccan government-owned mining company OCP, which has been charged with serious human rights violations by the Robert F. Kennedy Center for Justice. “Clinton vigorously supported the Moroccan King when she was Secretary of State and the U.S.-financed Export-Import Bank gave OCP a $92 million loan guarantee during her tenure as Secretary of State,” reports The Daily Caller. “The mining company also contributed between $5 million to $10 million to the Clinton Foundation, according to the charity’s web site.” 
And speaking of mining, this section wouldn’t be complete without mention of the Uranium One deal. Breitbart reported that “ According to Clinton Cash [the book by Peter Schweizer] , the total donations from Uranium One shareholders to the Clinton Foundation exceeded $145 million, in the run-up to Hillary Clinton’s State Department approving the Rosatom deal, which gave Russia control over about 20 percent of U.S. uranium.” The New York Times deserves credit for following up on Schweizer’s reporting, and confirming his findings in a front-page story in 2015. 
The Clinton Foundation has also received a number of donations from human (and women’s) rights violating countries, such as the United Arab Emirates, Saudi Arabia and Qatar. The Clintons have committed to not receiving additional donations from foreign governments, corporations, or U.S. companies should Hillary Clinton become president. But until then, the foundation remains a way for bad actors to purchase future influence over this presidential candidate. 
Hillary also refused to discuss pay-for-play involving the Clinton Foundation—and talked over Donald Trump when he tried to comment on it. “…I’m thrilled to talk about the Clinton Foundation because it is a world renowned charity and I’m so proud of the work that it does,” said Hillary Clinton. “I could talk for the rest of the debate.” She touted the foundation’s achievements, but refused to address the lingering scent of scandal. “…we at the Clinton Foundation spend 90 percent of all the money that is donated on behalf of programs for people around the world and in our own country,” she said at the debate. In fact, Schweizer claims that only “six percent goes to other charities,” according to Breitbart. “The other 94 percent is in this stew of marketing, and management, and travel expenses, and sort of all these obscure things, that it’s really hard to dissect what is the end result of that 94 percent being spent.” 
But don’t look to the mainstream media to broach these issues. Instead, the spotlight is on Trump. And those media elites who donate to presidential campaigns overwhelmingly support Mrs. Clinton. 
Media Collaboration with Clinton and Obama 
Despite the need for a fair, balanced, and objective press, we have cited the fact that 96 percent of the journalist donations tracked by the Center for Public Integrity went to Hillary Clinton’s campaign. Politico’s Jack Shafer recounts how the WikiLeaks emails expose journalists trying to curry favor with the Clintons through compliments and sharing information about stories not yet published. “Reading the emails, we witness CNBC/ New York Times contributor John Harwood slathering Podesta with flattery, giving him campaign advice and praising Hillary Clinton,” writes Shafer. “In another email, the Washington Post ’s Juliet Eilperin offers Podesta a ‘heads up’ about a story she’s about to publish, providing a brief pre-publication synopsis.” In addition, “CNBC’s Becky Quick promises to ‘defend’ Obama appointee Sylvia Mathews Burwell.” 
The list of embarrassing—and disturbing—media cozying up to the Clintons goes on. “POLITICO reporter Glenn Thrush sends Podesta a chunk of his story-in-progress ‘to make sure I’m not [f—–g] anything up,’” writes Shafer. “Beyond WikiLeaks, a January 2015 Clinton strategy document obtained by the Intercept describes reporter Maggie Haberman—then at POLITICO and now at the New York Times —as someone the campaign ‘has a very good relationship with,’ and who had been called upon to ‘tee up stories for us before’ and had never disappointed.” Yet Shafer, as a member of the mainstream media, concludes that these Clinton-pandering media examples are fine—so long as the resultant reporting is “creditable work that is accurate and useful to readers.” Shafer believes these reporters hit the mark, yet, as we have reported, some journalists question whether objectivity is even necessary or prudent during this election cycle. 
The reporting about Hillary Clinton has been so biased that journalists can hardly congratulate themselves for an accurate and useful job well done. The scandals mentioned above were largely covered by the conservative media, with a few notable exceptions . 
Yet media pundits such as ABC’s George Stephanopoulos, who donated $75,000 to the Clinton Foundation , and journalists donating to the Clinton campaign, are working hard to disseminate false journalism which excuses or downplays these scandals. 
Just as the press panders to Hillary Clinton, so, too, the presidential candidate uses the many opportunities supplied by the mainstream media to pander both to the liberal elite and others watching this broadcast media love-fest. Consider, for example, the March 9 Democratic Debate featuring Univision’s Jorge Ramos as a moderator. “You’re telling us tonight that if you become president you won’t deport children who are already here?” he asked Mrs. Clinton. “And that you won’t deport immigrants who don’t have a criminal record?” 
Hillary answered emphatically “Yes” to both questions, engaging in what co-moderator Maria Elena Salinas called “Hispandering.” But the question of criminal records for illegals is moot; currently the Obama administration is releasing dangerous criminal illegal aliens with no intention of deporting them, we noted back in June. “Rep. Brian Babin (R-TX) told Adam Kredo of The Washington Free Beacon that ‘the administration is trying to suppress information about the release of some 86,000 criminal illegal immigrants who have committed 231,000 crimes in just the past two and a half years,’” we wrote. “The administration is not deporting these criminals after they are released from U.S. prisons, reports Kredo.” 
Duplicity 
An open borders policy already in the making threatens the safety of average Americans. Yet Mrs. Clinton wants to continue Obama’s lax immigration policies if, or when, she gains office. 
While Hillary may claim now that she opposes the Trans-Pacific Partnership, she once said that the TPP “sets the gold standard in trade agreements.” Now, as a presidential candidate, she says, “I oppose it now, I’ll oppose it after the election, and I’ll oppose it as president.” 
Yet Mrs. Clinton told Banco Itau that her “ dream ” was “a hemispheric common market, with open trade and open borders, sometime in the future with energy that is as green and sustainable as we can get it, powering growth and opportunity for every person in the hemisphere.” Hillary said, in one of her many speeches to bankers, that she has both “a public and a private position” on Wall Street reform. Perhaps her “open trade and open borders” comment was yet another example of the presidential candidate holding a private opinion that is opposed to her public statements. Those speeches paid very well. Hillary collected nearly $22 million for 90 speeches in less than two years, between the time she left office as secretary of state until she announced she was running for the presidency. And that was just a fraction of the $153 million that she and Bill took in from speeches between the time they left the White House in 2001, and her announcement to run to get back into the White House. 
For example, despite railing against Wall Street and the elite, she has taken millions from big donors—and is indebted to them. “Determined not to fall behind in the money race, Hillary Clinton ramped up her appeals to rich donors and shrugged off restrictions that President Obama had imposed on his fundraising team,” reports The Washington Post this October. “Even as her advisers fretted about the perception that she was too cozy with wealthy interests, they agreed to let lobbyists bundle checks for her campaign, including those representing some foreign governments, the [WikiLeaks] emails show.” By the end of September, the Post reports, Mrs. Clinton had raised $1.14 billion. “Unlike Obama, Clinton fully embraced super PACs from the very beginning of her race, helping pull in larger checks from donors than the president did.” 
Hillary Clinton has lied again and again. One of her most notable lies is about the national security scandal that is EmailGate, in which Mrs. Clinton not only used a private email server for her business as secretary of state, deleting half of the emails, but also sent and received classified information through that server. She demonstrably placed national security secrets at risk in order to hide her affairs from the public, yet FBI Director James Comey decided not to recommend prosecution . The fix was in . So why did Comey bring the case back up with just 11 days until the election? Several reports suggested that FBI agents who were furious at Comey’s July announcement that he was recommending against an indictment, have now threatened to go public with the new information about Ms. Abedin’s emails unless he agreed to do it himself. 
While the search for smoking guns implicating Hillary Clinton in criminal activity continues, through a mountain of emails, there are more than enough smoking guns hiding in plain sight. In a way, the endless search for a single smoking gun clouds the issue and makes it seem as if nothing consequential enough has so far been found. Nothing could be further from the truth. 
The record of Clinton scandal, for both of the Clintons, extends back through a number of administrations. It wasn’t possible to cover all of the glorious legacy of Bill and Hillary Clinton in this one report. I encourage you to watch our documentary, “The Clinton Legacy,” which exposes the sordid truth about several of the real Clinton scandals when they occupied the White House back in the 1990s. Roger Aronoff 
Roger Aronoff is the Editor of Accuracy in Media, and a member of the Citizens’ Commission on Benghazi . He can be contacted at roger.aronoff@aim.org . View the complete archives from Roger Aronoff . 0",0
5890,"Volkswagen Faces Long Road Ahead, Even After a Civil Settlement - The New York Times","Even as the warring parties in Volkswagen’s emissions cheating scandal prepare to offer a peace proposal this week, the German automaker’s travails are far from over. Taking shape after months of negotiations is a broad settlement agreement, expected to exceed $10 billion, involving Volkswagen, the federal government and a   car owners. The provisions are expected to offer those owners some financial compensation in addition to fixing or buying back their vehicles. The deal, set to be announced on Tuesday in the case overseen by United States District Judge Charles R. Breyer, is also expected to require Volkswagen to pay penalties. The fines would be for the environmental damage caused by the company’s diesel engines, which were designed to fool emissions tests and often exceeded allowable air pollution limits in    driving. All told, the civil settlement is set to be the largest in automotive history, dwarfing the $1. 4 billion that Toyota paid to settle a   lawsuit over flawed accelerators and the more than $2 billion General Motors has paid so far to settle claims from owners of cars with faulty ignition switches. Toyota, in addition, paid $1. 2 billion to settle criminal charges, while G. M. paid $900 million. Even if Judge Breyer accepts the Volkswagen deal, the company will have many unsettled issues, with unknown costs, in the United States and abroad. “It’s clear Volkswagen desperately needed to put this horrible situation in the rearview mirror they’ve negotiated this settlement with breathtaking speed,” said David M. Uhlmann, a former chief of the Justice Department’s Environmental Crimes Section who is now a law professor at the University of Michigan. Still, Mr. Uhlmann said, “Volkswagen’s legal troubles won’t end on Tuesday. ” The deal, moreover, would not end the Justice Department’s criminal investigation into the company, which could lead to additional fines. Nor would it resolve investigations by attorneys general in more than 40 states and the District of Columbia. And the settlement would still be subject to a period of public comment, during which terms could yet change. Bringing Volkswagen to this pass was its admission last year that it had installed illegal software in 11 million cars worldwide to make them capable of defeating pollution tests. During emissions testing, the cars’ pollution controls systems were turned on, curbing toxic emissions at the cost of engine performance. But on the road, those emissions controls were not fully engaged. That allowed more horsepower and better fuel mileage but also enabled Volkswagen’s cars to spew polluting nitrogen oxides at up to 40 times the levels allowed under the Clean Air Act, the Environmental Protection Agency has said. The issues that Tuesday’s settlement proposal is not expected to cover include how Volkswagen will repair its cars  —   a technical fix that is still being worked out. Nor will the deal address terms for the owners of 85, 000 Volkswagen and Porsche cars sold in the United States that had a different type of diesel engine but also had emissions problems. The varied attitudes of car owners, meanwhile, has also complicated negotiations. Owners are likely to be given the option of having Volkswagen buy back their vehicles or, if possible, fix them. Either way, they would also receive additional compensation of at least several thousand dollars. Still, some car owners may choose not to participate in the group settlement being brokered in the United States District Court for the Northern District of California, and instead pursue separate claims. Affected Volkswagen owners are not bound by the settlement, and some of them may decide to press for even better terms those owners, however, also risk getting a lesser settlement or none at all if their separate lawsuits are unsuccessful. Marjorie Hodges Shaw of Rochester, N. Y. is a plaintiff in the   suit. But she is not sure the settlement will address her grievances. Ms. Shaw previously owned a 2012 Volkswagen Jetta SportWagen TDI. She traded in her Jetta for a Subaru Forester  —   taking a loss, she says  —   soon after she found out that her Volkswagen had been a worse polluter than she had imagined. The automotive website Edmunds. com recently showed that similar   Subaru Foresters were selling for about $4, 000 less than Jetta SportWagens. Ms. Shaw wants Volkswagen to fully own up to its fraud. And she wants to be fully compensated for her loss, including the time and cost of finding a replacement vehicle. “I thought it was clean diesel,” said Ms. Shaw, who is an assistant professor in law and bioethics at the University of Rochester Medical Center School of Medicine and Dentistry. But once she learned of Volkswagen’s deception, she said, “I couldn’t continue to drive the car and think of myself as an environmentalist. ” Two people involved in the   negotiations declined to discuss ahead of Tuesday’s court session whether Ms. Shaw would be compensated under the settlement, because she no longer owned her Volkswagen, or how her compensation might be calculated. They stressed, however, that the parties had discussed a wide range of possibilities in painstaking detail. For negotiators on both sides, the talks have been   in recent months. “All of you have devoted substantial efforts, weekends, nights and days, and perhaps at sacrifice to your family  —   right?” Judge Breyer said when the parties last assembled before him in May, eliciting sardonic chuckles and exasperated sighs. Last week the judge extended his June 21 settlement deadline by a week to give the negotiators time they said they needed to complete their work. The financial component of whatever deal is offered on Tuesday is expected to fall within the forecasts of Volkswagen, which has said it would set aside €16. 2 billion, or more than $18 billion, to cover fines and compensation to Volkswagen owners. But even as Volkswagen moves toward a settlement in the United States, it faces scrutiny in its home country and elsewhere. German prosecutors said last week that Martin Winterkorn, Volkswagen’s former chief executive, was under investigation for market manipulation because he had waited too long to disclose that the company faced an inquiry over its emissions scandal. And investigations of Volkswagen’s cheating are still underway in France, Italy and South Korea, among other countries. American regulators began questioning Volkswagen about its emissions data in   after getting a tip from a European nonprofit group that had studied diesel emissions in the United States with the help of researchers at West Virginia University. More than a year later, the company admitted to installing software to defeat pollution tests. With its diesel technology now tainted in the eyes of consumers, Volkswagen is counting on electric vehicles to shore up its business. In an ambitious turnaround plan announced this month, Volkswagen said that   vehicles could account for as much as a quarter of its total sales within a decade  —   about three million vehicles a year. That would be up from negligible sales of electric vehicles by the company now. Bruce Clark, associate professor of marketing at the D’  School of Business at Northeastern University, predicted a tough battle for Volkswagen to win back consumer confidence. “Volkswagen made such a big and public bet on diesel, and it turns out they were lying to us,” Mr. Clark said. “The average consumer is going to say: ‘Why should we believe them again? ’”",0
5891,Hershey Rejects Mondelez’s $23 Billion Takeover Offer - The New York Times,"For more than a century, Hershey  —   an American candy icon so well known it gave its name to its Pennsylvania hometown  —   has stood independent, rebuffing numerous attempts to buy the maker of Kisses and Reese’s Peanut Butter Cups. Now, it faces one of its biggest challenges yet, in the form of a fellow chocolate giant eager to strike a big takeover deal. In rebuffing a $23 billion offer from Mondelez International, whose own products run from Oreo cookies to Cadbury chocolate, Hershey is betting that it can stay on its own, or at least fetch a substantially higher price. But flatly rejecting Mondelez’s offer will be a major test of Hershey’s historically impregnable defense: the charitable trust that effectively wields control. The offer, made in a letter on June 23 after months of    discussions between the two companies, would make a blockbuster merger in a year that has been sorely lacking in hugely prominent deals. Moreover, it is a bold move by Mondelez at a time when other   deal makers have grown more cautious in the face of uncertain winds in the marketplace and the economy. Mondelez’s move has also raised questions about whether other food companies will seek to make their own run at Hershey  —   or whether Mondelez itself may be put into play. After the activist investor William A. Ackman took a big stake in Mondelez nearly a year ago, speculation emerged that he would push for a sale, possibly to Kraft Heinz. Mondelez, cleaved from what once was Kraft, has offered $107 a share in cash and stock, a 10 percent premium to Hershey’s closing stock price on Wednesday. Hershey, however, said on Thursday that its board had “rejected the indication of interest and determined that it provided no basis for further discussion between Mondelez and the company. ” Mondelez declined to comment. Hershey would represent the biggest takeover by Mondelez since its former parent bought Cadbury of Britain in a $19 billion deal more than six years ago. That transaction, too, took time, and Cadbury initially rebuffed the American food behemoth’s advances. Pursuing Hershey is a different matter. A trust holds about 8. 4 percent of the candy maker’s shares, but has about 81 percent of the company’s voting power. The shares of the company  —   both the common and the special Class B shares  —   are owned by the Milton Hershey School Trust, but are voted on by the Hershey Trust. The Milton Hershey School was founded in 1909 for underprivileged children by the company’s founder and his wife. The trust has flexed its muscle several times over in the last two decades. When the Wm. Wrigley Jr. Company wanted to buy Hershey at a 42 percent premium in 2002, the trust called off the sale at the last minute. When the trust became unhappy with Hershey’s performance and deal talks with Cadbury in 2007, it asked for the resignation of six directors. And when Hershey wanted to challenge Kraft for Cadbury in 2010, a rift between the company and the trust forced the Pennsylvania chocolatier to bow out. The trust has already retained advisers separate from the Hershey Company itself as it weighs its own options. To make matters even more complicated, Pennsylvania’s attorney general, who oversees charitable trusts in the state, has raised concerns over the Hershey trust’s administration of its funds and called for an overhaul of its board. Any turnover could alter the dynamics of the percolating takeover contest. Mondelez has been mindful of winning over the trust. In its letter last week, it promised to maintain jobs and relocate the combined company’s chocolate operations to Hershey, Pa. Mondelez even offered to erase its name  —   reportedly born from a Kraft employee’s contribution to a rebranding effort  —   in favor of the   Hershey name. Putting the two together would yield a powerful force in the business of sweets. Mondelez, which was spun off from Kraft in 2012, is the world’s   confectionery company  —   but it has very little business in the United States. Hershey, on the other hand, has more than   of its sales in North America. “It’s a surprising move, but it does make sense for Mondelez,” said Jack Skelly, a food analyst with Euromonitor. Additionally, Hershey owns the rights to make and market Cadbury chocolate  —   but not other candies  —   in America, and it took legal action to stop imports of Cadbury chocolates made abroad. (At the same time, Hershey manufactures KitKat bars, one of the most popular brands around, under a license from Nestlé. Should Mondelez prevail, it is unclear whether that agreement would change.) Both companies have improved profitability in the last several years and moved into sexier corners of the food business. Hershey, for instance, bought Krave and got into the increasingly popular jerky business. Mondelez bought Enjoy Life Foods, testing the market for   products. But the company has come under pressure from activist investors in recent years, including the billionaire Nelson Peltz, as well as Mr. Ackman. Rising cocoa prices have made the chocolate business less profitable, and it’s hard to raise sales of chocolate in the United States, the world’s largest consumer of chocolate. “Also, it’s difficult to generate sales because people are starting to think of chocolate as an unhealthy product,” noted Mr. Skelly of Euromonitor. Mars, which is privately held, is the world’s largest confectionery company, followed by Mondelez. The others in the top five are Nestlé, the Ferrero Group and Hershey. As of Wednesday’s close, before word of Mondelez’s bid emerged, Hershey’s market value was about $21 billion, while Mondelez’s stood at $69 billion. Shares of Hershey climbed over 16 percent, to $113. 49. Shares of Mondelez rose nearly 6 percent, to $45. 51.",0
5892,TRUNEWS 11/02/16 Jim Rickards | Spook D’etat: Deep State Civil War,"TRUNEWS 11/02/16 Jim Rickards | Spook D’etat: Deep State Civil War November 02, 2016 Is there a George Washington style civil war currently raging within the Deep State? Today on TRUNEWS, Rick Wiles unravels the surreal claims of veteran intelligence asset Steve Pieczenik, as headlines of Clinton-Epstein pedophilia, America under the control of an elite shadow, and a counter-coup led through internet activism, plaster the feeds of believers. Rick also speaks with economic insider Jim Rickards regarding the looming financial Armageddon as global banks face the death of derivatives. 
Today’s Audio Streamcast. Click the audio bar to listen: <span itemprop=""name"" content=""TRUNEWS 11/02/16 Jim Rickards | Spook D&#x27;etat: Deep State Civil War""></span> <span itemprop=""description"" content=""Is there a George Washington style civil war currently raging within the Deep State? Today on TRUNEWS, Rick Wiles unravels the surreal claims of veteran intelligence asset Steve Pieczenik, as headlines of Clinton-Epstein pedophilia, America under the control of an elite shadow, and a counter-coup led through internet activism, plaster the feeds of believers. Rick also speaks with economic insider Jim Rickards regarding the looming financial Armageddon as global banks face the death of derivatives.""></span> <span itemprop=""duration"" content=""5707""></span> <span itemprop=""thumbnail"" content=""http://static.panda-os.com/p/1305/sp/130500/thumbnail/entry_id/0_a840ri7s/version/1 /acv/62""></span> <span itemprop=""width"" content=""350""></span> <span itemprop=""height"" content=""25""></span> <a href=""http://corp.kaltura.com/products/video-platform-features"">Video Platform</a> <a href=""http://corp.kaltura.com/Products/Features/Video-Management"">Video Management</a> <a href=""http://corp.kaltura.com/Video-Solutions"">Video Solutions</a> <a href=""http://corp.kaltura.com/Products/Features/Video-Player"">Video Player</a> 
Right-click to download today’s show to your local device in mp3 format: Streamcast MP3 
Email: | Twitter: @EdwardSzall | Facebook: Ed Szall DOWNLOAD THE TRUNEWS MOBILE APP on Apple and Google Play ! Donate Today! Support TRUNEWS to help build a global news network that provides a credible source for world news 
We believe Christians need and deserve their own global news network to keep the worldwide Church informed, and to offer Christians a positive alternative to the anti-Christian bigotry of the mainstream news media How To Listen To TRUNEWS 
Here on our show pages, there are two ways to listen to TRUNEWS. The first is to use the embedded player on the page. It is the black bar that you see above. Just click the arrow on the player for today’s broadcast. If you prefer to save the program to listen to it later on your PC or mobile device, just click the ‘DOWNLOAD MP3’ link above to archive that particular streamcast. Streamcast Archives",0
5893,"Memo To Trump: Slash Payroll Taxes For Workers, Not Income Taxes For The Elites","Memo To Trump: Slash Payroll Taxes For Workers, Not Income Taxes For The Elites By David Stockman.   Donald Trump needs to pivot fast on his core economic program and embrace cutting payroll taxes for the working class, not income taxes for the elites. That means jettisoning the campaign's $3.3 trillion individual income tax cut (10-years), which reflects warmed over GOP dogma about a Laffer Curve that has gone missing. He should replace it with a far bolder idea that is right for the present times and is based on far more compelling economics and super-smart politics.  ",0
5894,"Just When You Thought It Was Safe To Swim, Scientists Discovered A Two-Headed Shark","posted by Eddie For the first time, scientists have observed a two-headed shark growing in an egg. This catshark ( Galeus atlanticus ) lives only in the western Mediterranean, at depths of 330 to 710 meters (1,082 to 2,329 feet), and is considered near threatened. Workers on a research vessel collected the embryonic fish as part of an expedition that retrieved 797 embryos from the western Mediterranean sea. It had two brains, four eyes, two mouths, twenty gills (double the usual ten), and two notochords — a developmental precursor of the spine. The two heads fused at the neck. Inside, it had two hearts, and a doubled digestive system that fused together where two stomachs met at a single intestine. When an animal has two heads it is said to exhibit dicephaly. The condition is relatively rare in the animal kingdom but has been seen in many different groups, from snakes to dolphins to people. You can see the shark in this figure, drawn from a paper in the Journal of Fish Biology where the researchers describe their discovery. Figures (d) and (e) depict another shark embryo with a single head. Two-headedness is believed to happen in all animals with spines. But it’s rare enough that it’s never been spotted in an egg-laying shark before. As recently as 1992 , some researchers believed that the uncommon body structure was the result of twins incompletely merging together. But now it’s widely accepted that the cause is actually an incomplete separation of one embryo into two. No one has yet offered a conclusive explanation for what causes this to happen. The two-headed shark embryo described in this paper would probably not have survived had it developed — though it won’t get the chance to try. When the researchers spotted the doubled shark through the translucent walls of its egg, they split the egg open and preserved the embryo for study. Read the original article on Tech Insider . Source:",0
5895,"Putin: No difference between Clinton, Trump","Russian President Vladimir Putin has responded to official US claims that Moscow has been intervening in the upcoming presidential elections by saying that both Republican and Democratic candidates have been using him as a means to divert attention from more important issues such as the US economy and gun control.
“It’s much simpler to distract people with so-called Russian hackers, spies, and agents of influence. Does anyone really think that Russia could influence the American people’s choice in any way? Is America a banana republic or what? America is a great power,” Putin told a number of foreign policy experts during a meeting in the port city of Sochi in southern Russia on Thursday.
Democrats in recent months have alleged that Putin favors Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump with some even accusing the latter of being a stooge for the Russians.
Putin said this is a ridiculous assumption and added that Moscow does not favor either candidate.
“If you look at the programmes of the different candidates, you get the feeling that they are all tailored in the same way, and that the differences between them are insignificant, and in reality there are no differences,” he added.
But the Russian president went on to say that he is willing to work with whomever does become US president toward a peaceful and stable world.
He said allegations that Moscow favored Trump over Democratic presidential candidate Hillary Clinton was just a way of manipulating people’s emotions ahead of the elections.
But both the State Department and Secretary of State John Kerry insisted on Thursday that the intelligence they had of Russian cyberattacks on US election systems was solid.
Kerry said that Russian meddling in the US election was designed to be disruptive and “annoying”.
Relations between Russia and the US have recently been strained over their different approaches to resolving the crisis in Syria.
The US has accused Russia and the Syrian government of targeting civilian areas in the besieged city of Aleppo while Moscow has accused Washington of failing to differentiate between so-called moderate rebels in the city and the Al-Qaeda affiliated Al Nusra Front.
Source: BRICS Post 
",0
5896,"Rio Olympics: Diving Pool Turns Green, and U.S. Swimmers Find Gold - The New York Times","An unsettling thing happened at the Olympic diving pool on Tuesday: the water inexplicably turned green, just in time for the women’s synchronized   platform diving competition. Officials said they did not know what caused the trouble, exactly. But they declared the water had been tested and was not dangerous. It was an unsettling sight, appearing to become greener and murkier as the day went on, having been a lovely light blue on Monday. The British diver Tom Daley, who won a bronze medal in the same pool the day before, posted a photograph on Twitter showing the contrast between the colors of the pools. “Ermmmm  —   what happened?” he said. The adjoining pool at the aquatic center, used for synchronized swimming and water polo, remained its normal blue color, which made the extreme greenness of the diving pool all the more striking. Meanwhile, diving practice went on as planned, and so did the women’s synchronized event. Competitors generally said that the swampiness of the water did not put them off their form, although they found it weird and puzzling. “I’ve never dived in anything like it,” said Britain’s Tonia Couch, who finished fifth, along with Lois Coulson. Here is the full article, including an interview with a pool repairman in California who has some ideas about what might be causing the greenness. Katie Ledecky picked up her second gold medal of the Rio Games, and Michael Phelps racked up the 20th and 21st of his career Tuesday. Ledecky won the 200 freestyle, expected to be the toughest of her individual races. Here’s how the race went down. Phelps won his signature event, the 200 butterfly and exulted afterward, gesturing as if to say he’d take on all comers. To top it off, he later swam the anchor of the men’s   freestyle, which the U. S. won easily. Here’s a look at Phelps’s night. Serena Williams lost in the round of 16 of the tennis tournament at the Rio Olympics on Tuesday, capping a disappointing Games for the Williams sisters. Williams lost to   Elina Svitolina of Ukraine,    . In the last moments of the match, Williams, the defending gold medalist, was emotional, shaking her head and yelling at herself. Simone Biles, Laurie Hernandez, Aly Raisman, Gabby Douglas and Madison Kocian lived up to expectations as prohibitive favorites by putting up the highest total score in every apparatus. Russia won silver and China bronze. The margin of victory was a whopping 8 points. See how they did it here. How to Watch: NBC broadcasts on a tape delay, but you can stream all the events here. In the wake of last night’s swimming drama, Karen Crouse reports that there is a lot of divisiveness by the pool. It stems from an issue that is hardly new: doping. What is different is how some athletes have chosen to publicly criticize competitors who have a history of using   drugs. They say they no longer have faith that international sports officials are committed to protecting clean athletes. Read Karen’s article here. Olympics officials on Tuesday identified four athletes who were among the dozens who were found to have positive doping tests in recent   of samples from the last two Summer Olympics. Among them was a medalist, Oleksandr Pyatnytsya of Ukraine, who placed second in the javelin throw at the London Games in 2012. Pyatnytsya, who tested positive for the anabolic steroid turinabol, was ordered to return his silver medal, medalist pin and diploma, the Olympic committee said. The other Olympians sanctioned were Hripsime Khurshudyan of Armenia and Nuracan Taylan of Turkey  —   two female weight lifters who competed in Beijing in 2008  —   and Pavel Kryvitski of Belarus, who competed in the hammer throw in London. Rule 23 of the Olympic charter states that the Olympics have two official languages. Michaëlle Jean, secretary general of the International Organization of la Francophonie, is determined to make sure nobody forgets that one of them is French (the other is English). Read Sarah Lyall’s article here.",0
5897,"From Flight 370 Hunt, New Insight Into Indian Ocean’s Unknown Depths - The New York Times","On March 8, 2014, Malaysia Airlines Flight 370 vanished with 239 passengers and crew aboard as it crossed the Indian Ocean, triggering a   search for its remains that lasted nearly three years. As a byproduct of the tragedy, scientists have gained access to more than 100, 000 square miles of seafloor mapped at a level of detail that provides a rare look at the ocean’s geological processes. “It’s an incredible trove of data,” said Millard F. Coffin, a marine geophysicist from the Institute for Marine and Antarctic Studies at the University of Tasmania in Australia. “I’ve been working in this part of the Indian Ocean for   years and over many voyages in the eastern Indian Ocean I’ve never seen this level of resolution. ” Dr. Coffin worked with a group of about 10 scientists from Geoscience Australia, the national geosciences agency in Australia, to analyze data from the search. They were given access to   sonar information collected on ships, and data obtained by remotely operated vehicles and autonomous underwater drones. The information was provided by the Australian Transport Safety Bureau, which led the search. “When we look at these data, we’re constantly keeping in mind that we wouldn’t have this data if it weren’t for a terrible tragedy,” Dr. Coffin said. He and his colleagues published a summary of their findings on Wednesday in the journal EOS. Previous satellite data provided scientists with information about the Indian Ocean at a resolution of about five square kilometers, or about two square miles. With the instruments from the search ships, they have collected information at a resolution of meters, and in some locations they have used remote operating vehicles and underwater autonomous vehicles to gain detail on the scale of centimeters. The search has helped create   maps of the ocean floor that reveal its topographical complexity and will allow researchers to further investigate unique features like the oceanic plateau called Broken Ridge, and its   Diamantina Escarpment. The Flight 370 search also provided information about tectonic and volcanic activity, Dr. Coffin said. The team plans to release more detailed looks into its findings later in the year, and the full data set from the search will be made available in the middle of the year. Walter H. F. Smith, a geophysicist with the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration, said the hunt for the lost jetliner highlighted how little we know about the oceans. In a paper that was also published Wednesday in the journal EOS, he and his colleagues explained how common unmapped areas of ocean are. “There are all kinds of things you can’t do if you don’t know the shape of the ocean bottom, or don’t know it properly,” Dr. Smith said. The consequences of not knowing, he said, can hinder how experts predict tsunamis, understand ocean currents, make climate forecasts, study marine life and search for missing planes. Previous studies have suggested that only 8 percent of the world’s oceans have been mapped, meaning that a ship measured an area’s depth and recorded it in a scientific database. Before Flight 370’s disappearance, only 5 percent of the southeast Indian Ocean had been mapped, Dr. Smith said. To figure out how often people fly over unmapped parts of the world’s oceans, Dr. Smith and his colleagues compared data on mapped and unmapped segments of the world’s ocean segments with a database of commercial airline routes. They found that about 60 percent of all commercial flights that cross over the ocean travel over waters with unmeasured depths. The longest contiguous route over unmapped ocean was from Kennedy International Airport in New York to Chongqing Jiangbei International Airport in China, a journey over more than 1, 200 nautical miles of unmapped ocean. “I wanted people to realize that it’s not just Malaysia Airlines straying into the southeast Indian Ocean where it shouldn’t have been,” he said. “Even when your aircraft is exactly where it’s supposed to be, it might be over unknown ocean. ”",0
5898,"Democrats at Crossroads: Win Back Working-Class Whites, or Let Them Go? - The New York Times","WASHINGTON  —   Sounding like a frustrated Cassandra, Vice President Joseph R. Biden Jr. lamented last week that Hillary Clinton had not done enough to reach white   voters in the presidential campaign. Even more egregious to Mr. Biden, some fellow Democrats had concluded that   whites were not even worth pursuing. “I mean these are good people, man!” Mr. Biden exclaimed in an interview on CNN. “These aren’t racists. These aren’t sexists. ” With his typically unambiguous assessment, the vice president thrust himself into a heated debate that has shaped the Democrats’   since Donald J. Trump won the presidency: Should the party continue tailoring its message to the   young and nonwhite constituencies that propelled President Obama, or make a more concerted effort to win over the white voters who have drifted away? For Democrats, the election last month has become a Rorschach test. Some see Mrs. Clinton’s loss as a result of an unfortunate series of flukes  —   Russian tampering, a late intervention by the Federal Bureau of Investigation director and a poor allocation of resources  —   but little more than a speed bump on the road to a demographic majority. Others believe the results reflect a more worrisome trend that could doom the party. It is a sensitive topic, touching on race and class, but the choices that Democrats make in the coming months will shape their   identity and carry major implications in both the 2018 midterm elections and the next presidential race. Few leading Democrats are arguing for a   reconsideration of the party’s core liberal agenda. After all, history is a game of inches, and Mrs. Clinton won the popular vote by more than 2. 8 million votes, but lost the presidency by 77, 000 votes in Michigan, Pennsylvania and Wisconsin  —   less than the capacity crowd at Lambeau Field on any given Sunday. “Demographically, the Electoral College is heading in the right direction” for Democrats, Dan Pfeiffer, a former adviser to Mr. Obama, said. What Mr. Trump pulled off, he added, “would be hard to replicate. ” Even those who believe the party has become too fixated on identity politics do not think it should reverse course on such issues as immigration, criminal justice and legal protections for gay and transgender Americans. Yet as a matter of politics, those in Mr. Biden’s camp believe the party’s ethos of inclusion may add up to less than the sum of its parts. In the minds of those Democrats, they will not be a majority party again in Washington or across much of the country without winning back white voters of modest means. “You don’t need those people?” Tom Vilsack, the agriculture secretary, asked. “You’re going to wait how many decades before this other strategy works?” Mr. Vilsack, a former Iowa governor, had tried to push Mrs. Clinton, a longtime ally, toward focusing more on rural America, but his pleas fell on deaf ears. He was just as exasperated over what he described as his party’s   pattern of neglect of many of the voters he spent eight years working with in his cabinet post. “Rural America is 15 percent of America’s population,” Mr. Vilsack said. “It’s the same percentage as   it’s the same percentage as Hispanics. We spend a lot of time thinking about that 15 percent  —   and we should, God bless them, we should. But not to the exclusion of the other 15 percent. ” In their zeal for pursuing clearly defined constituencies, some Democrats now worry they missed the bigger picture: failing to deliver a message that would cut across all constituencies, and ceding too much territory to Republicans in whiter, more conservative areas that Mr. Trump won by wider margins than other recent Republican nominees. Entering the race for chairman of the Democratic National Committee on Thursday, Labor Secretary Thomas E. Perez summed up this view in blunt terms. “We got our ass kicked in a lot of these rural pockets because we weren’t there in sufficient force,” Mr. Perez said. Representative Gwen Graham, Democrat of Florida and a likely candidate for governor in 2018, called her party’s message “too funneled. ” It needed to be more open to pursuing moderate and conservative voters, she said. Ms. Graham, who was elected in a   district in the Florida Panhandle, said she would campaign across every part of the state if she ran for governor. Though she declined to criticize her party’s presidential nominee directly, such campaigning would be starkly different from the approach Mrs. Clinton took in 2016, when she focused overwhelmingly on the state’s biggest metropolitan areas. “I would run a   strategy,” Ms. Graham said. “And I would reach out to all different kinds of Democrats and Republicans, along the ideological spectrum. ” But while this may make for a good message at the outset of a campaign, it is, to a vocal contingent of Democratic strategists, a dated approach that ignores inexorable political and demographic trendlines. To win in a changing country, these Democrats said, the party must tailor a platform and strategy that explicitly appealed to younger and nonwhite voters on issues like policing, climate change and immigration. Cornell Belcher, a Democratic pollster, said it was folly to continue developing a message for and devoting considerable resources to “a shrinking, increasingly resistant market. ” Mr. Belcher recalled focus groups in North Carolina this year in which nonwhite voters who had come out for Mr. Obama’s two elections could not name the party’s Senate candidate in the state. (It was Deborah Ross she lost.) “We’re spending all of our resources on broadcast television chasing this mythical unicorn white swing voter,” he said. Mr. Belcher, who has published a new book about race and the Obama presidency, “A Black Man in the White House,” said the party should not ignore white voters. But he said Democrats also should not react to this election by refashioning their appeal as if the country were just as white as it was when Bill Clinton and other centrists began the Democratic Leadership Council 30 years ago. “Why would we go back to running campaigns as though it’s the 1980s?” Mr. Belcher asked. “Because it’s not the 1980s. ” Mr. Pfeiffer, the former Obama adviser, noted that red states like Arizona and Georgia were closer to turning blue this year even as Mrs. Clinton lost, and argued that new arrivals in Florida and North Carolina would make those states tilt Democratic. Yet even Democrats in solidly blue states, who can in theory win elections without a single conservative vote, said the party’s   message was lacking. Mayor Eric M. Garcetti of Los Angeles said Democrats had not explained to many voters how tolerant social values translated into government action. “Of course we are for a tolerant, diverse, inclusive, cooperative future,” he said. “It isn’t enough. ” Mr. Garcetti likened the party’s message to the gestures of conciliation proposed by civic leaders in Los Angeles after the Rodney King riots in the 1990s  —   well intentioned but insufficient. “If the starting point is: ‘Hey, we are a party and we are a country that stands for blacks and Koreans and people of all stripes liking each other,’ that’s not an agenda,” Mr. Garcetti said. “These values aren’t just about social inclusion. They’re about getting things done. ”",0
5899,"Bast: Happy Memorial Day, You Stupid, Arrogant, Liberal Global Warming Alarmist! - Breitbart","It’s that time of year again, a holiday where you stand around the grill and patiently (or not) explain the truth to your liberal relatives and friends. [Mentioning an article that ran in the Washington Post in 1922, misreporting evidence of   weather variability in the Arctic as evidence of a   warming trend, is a good way to poke a stick in the eye of your global warming alarmist friends. A conversation starter!  The article illustrates a past case where (quoting Snopes, the liberal   fact checker) “current warming trends” were misinterpreted as being “indicative of   climatic changes rather than relatively   weather pattern variability. ” Don’t oversell it! It doesn’t prove that people today who refer to warming in the Arctic region as proof of a   warming trend are necessarily wrong  …     only that they might be, that the mistake was made in the past (when   emissions could not have been a factor) and so the burden of proof rests on those who say this time is different. Global warming alarmists often claim the recent Arctic warming is unprecedented or must be due to the human presence. On its face, the 1922 article makes those claims dubious. Closer study reveals they haven’t made the case. For example, a scholarly article released just this month suggests the recent reduction in Arctic ice is most likely just a natural correction to a   that occurred from the 1940s to the 1970s. Scientists with the Nongovernmental International Panel on Climate Change (NIPCC) produced a lengthy review of the literature in 2014 that essentially found the same thing. But how many people subscribe to Hydrological Sciences Journal or want to read   tomes?  Here are some good short references to the climate debate to share with family and friends over the Memorial Day holiday: Craig Idso, Robert Carter, and S. Fred Singer, Why Scientists Disagree, Joseph Bast, Seven Theories of Climate Change  A fascinating (and utterly damning) look at the history of the global warming scare campaign is Donna Laframboise’s The Delinquent Teenager who was mistaken for the world’s top climate expert.  A website hosted by meteorologist Anthony Watts, WattsUpWithThat. com, is a wonderful place to go to watch the real science debate taking place over the causes and consequences of climate change. I really don’t think you can visit the site more than two or three times and not come away a “skeptic. ”  Heartland also produces a free weekly   Climate Change Weekly edited by H. Sterling Burnett, to which you can subscribe here. Best regards, happy holidays, and don’t burn the brats! Joseph L. Bast is president of The Heartland Institute, a nonprofit research and education organization based in Arlington Heights, Illinois. He can be contacted at jbast@heartland. org.",0
5900,WATCH: MILO And Crew Build The Wall - Breitbart,"Even Daddy isn’t totally immune from public sector bureaucracy and delays. So we’re giving him a head start![  Starring: MILO, MILO’s trainer Will Magner, Brett Gilly, @Sadieisonfire, Mike Ma and special guest PABLITO. Shot and edited by Matthew Perdie. MILO wears Lunar Force 1 Duckboot by Nike, $165. Sportswear tech fleece windrunner by Nike, $130. Sportswear tech fleece men’s joggers by Nike, $100. Glasses by Givenchy, $350. Snake embossed leather baseball hat by Gucci, $560.  DANGEROUS is available to   now via Amazon, in hardcover and Kindle editions. And yes, MILO is reading the audiobook version himself!  Follow Milo Yiannopoulos (@Nero) on Facebook, Instagram and Snapchat. Hear him every Friday on The Milo Yiannopoulos Show. Write to Milo at milo@breitbart. com.",0
5901,What's wrong with the planet? Saudi Arabia to be reelected to UN Human Rights Council,"Wed, 26 Oct 2016 21:49 UTC © Naif Rahma / Reuters As the death toll in Yemen surpasses 10,000, Saudi Arabia, one of the principal parties in the conflict, is poised to be reelected to the UN human rights body. Saudi airstrikes are responsible for the majority of the nearly 4,000 civilian deaths in Yemen. A secret ballot vote at the UN General Assembly on Friday will select the 14 members of the UN Human Rights Council (UNHRC), or a third of its 47 members. Saudi Arabia, Iraq, China, and Japan are running for the four seats from the Asia-Pacific region, and are all expected to secure seats. Riyadh's term at the UNHRC would be the third in a row, and its presence at the body has been increasingly puzzling to human rights groups, given its record of twisting arms at the UN to hush up its rights abuses. In June, UN Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon publicly admitted that Saudi Arabia threatened to withdraw funding from numerous programs due to an upcoming report on violations of children's rights. The report would list the Arab kingdom among violators over the toll its military campaign and blockade of Yemen has taken on children. The threat resulted in Saudi Arabia's removal from the blacklist, even though Riyadh's tactics had been exposed. ""The report describes horrors no child should have to face,"" Ban Ki-moon told reporters at the time. ""At the same time, I also had to consider the very real prospect that millions of other children would suffer grievously if, as was suggested to me, countries would defund many UN programs."" ""It is unacceptable for UN member states to exert undue pressure,"" the secretary-general added, pledging to review the removal of the Saudis from the list. This incident of Saudi Arabia working against UN human rights efforts is far from being isolated. In Yemen, the kingdom used control of air traffic to prevent foreign journalists, employees of international aid organizations, and UN officials from visiting the war-torn country and reporting on the situation there. In September, it used diplomatic pressure against the Netherlands after it introduced a resolution at the UNHRC that would launch an independent investigation into airstrikes on Yemen. The Dutch proposal failed and an Arab version was passed, one which entrusted the probe to the exiled Yemeni government, which the Saudis want to put back into power through its military actions. Domestically, Riyadh's policies often run against those of the UN human rights body. Seven petitions to allow special rapporteurs for the UN High Commissioner on Human Rights to investigate abuses in Saudi Arabia remain pending , some for over a decade. The kingdom was also reported to persecute its own subjects who cooperate with UN investigations. For instance, human rights defender Mohammed al-Qahtani, who contributed to several UNHRC reports, was accused of things like ""distorting the reputation of the country"" and ""provoking international organizations to adopt stances against the kingdom."" He is currently serving a lengthy prison term. While far from being the only authoritarian regime with a seat at the UNHRC, Saudi Arabia maintains some of the most restrictive domestic policies. Homosexuality and conversion from Islam to another religion are punishable by death. Sentences include corporal punishment, as highlighted by the case of blogger Raif Badawi who is to be flogged 1,000 times while serving a 10-year sentence for ""insulting Islam."" Saudi Arabia is also one of the world's most enthusiastic executors. The number of beheadings spiked under King Salman with 157 executions reported in 2015, and 124 between January and September 2016. Comment: Once again it seems to be all about the money Saudi Arabia brings to the UN, kind of like 'hush money'.",0
5902,Life: Inspiring: This Young Girl Still Gets To Dream Of Being The First Female President,"Email 
If this story doesn’t put a smile on your face, literally nothing will. 
Kimberly Kovax, an 11-year-old girl from Allentown, PA has been interested in politics and government from a very young age, and she followed the historic campaign of Hillary Clinton closely. But, when Hillary lost on Tuesday, that meant something incredible for Kimberly: She still gets to dream of being the first female president. 
Wow! This must be a truly special moment for Kimberly. 
The moment Hillary Clinton made her concession speech Wednesday morning, Kimberly’s opportunity to become the first woman elected to the Oval Office opened right back up. Though it may not be for 40, 50, maybe even 60 years, this key milestone in feminism is all Kimberly’s to aspire toward. 
Some may say that another woman will be elected the first female president in the three decades before Kimberly’s even eligible to run, but if the 2016 election is any indication, it looks like she is still very much in the running to break the gender barrier in the Oval Office. Who knows? Kimberly could even be the first female president to re-legalize abortion if Roe v. Wade is overturned at some point in the next four years! 
It must feel truly incredible for girls in America to see that this huge accomplishment is still on the table, theirs for the eventual taking. The fact that America’s ugliest, most intolerant tendencies prevailed over Clinton means millions of girls can still envisage themselves as the one to make that landmark feminist achievement, and it doesn’t get more powerful than that. 
Yup, we’re uplifted as hell right now—you go, Kimberly! When the time comes, you can certainly count on our vote.",0
5903,How China Won the Keys to Disney’s Magic Kingdom - The New York Times,"SHANGHAI  —   Disney had pushed China too hard, putting the company’s plans for a new theme park here in limbo. Now, Robert A. Iger wanted to kick the yearslong negotiations into high gear. Mr. Iger, Disney’s chief executive, took a corporate jet to Shanghai in February 2008 to meet with the city’s new Communist Party boss, Yu Zhengsheng. Over dinner at a state guesthouse, Mr. Iger offered a more conciliatory approach, setting the tone for the next phase of talks. After that, Disney substantially dialed back its demands. In addition to handing over a large piece of the profit, the   company would give the government a role in running the park. Disney was also prepared to drop its longstanding insistence on a television channel. For Disney, such moves were once unthinkable. Giving up on the Disney Channel meant abandoning the company’s proven   strategy. “We’re kidding ourselves if we think we’re going to get everything we want,” Mr. Iger recalled saying at the time. Mr. Iger’s trip and the new attitude in the talks that followed appeased Chinese officials. Before long, they had struck a landmark deal to build the $5. 5 billion Shanghai Disney Resort, opening China to a singularly American brand and setting the pace for multinational companies to do business in the country. The Shanghai park, which opens on Thursday, has become mission critical for Disney as it faces business pressures in other areas like cable. It is designed to be a machine in China for the Disney brand, with a manicured Magic   park, “Toy Story”  hotel and Mickey Avenue shopping arcade. More than 330 million people live within a   drive or train ride, and Disney is bent on turning them into lifelong consumers. But Disney is sharing the keys to the Magic Kingdom with the Communist Party. While that partnership has made it easier to get things done in China, it has also given the government influence over everything from the price of admission to the types of rides at the park. From the outset, Disney has catered to Chinese officials, who had to approve the park’s roster of rides and who were especially keen to have a   park that would appeal to adults as well as children. The Shanghai resort, which will ultimately be four times as big as Disneyland, has a supersize castle, a longer parade than any of the other five Disney resorts around the world, and a vast central garden aimed at older visitors. Worried that importing classic rides would reek of cultural imperialism, Disney left out stalwarts such as Space Mountain, the Jungle Cruise and It’s a Small World. Instead, 80 percent of the Shanghai rides, like the “Tron” lightcycle roller coaster, are unique, a move that pleased executives at the company’s Chinese partner, the   Shanghai Shendi Group, who made multiple trips to Disney headquarters in California to hash out blueprint details. Disney then ran with the idea, infusing the park with Chinese elements. The Shanghai resort’s signature restaurant, the Wandering Moon Teahouse, has rooms designed to represent different areas of the country. The restaurant is billed as honoring the “restless, creative spirit” of Chinese poets. Such accommodation is becoming increasingly common. A growing number of multinationals have agreed to cooperate with the Chinese state through alliances, joint ventures or partnerships, all in the hopes of garnering more favorable treatment and gaining access to the world’s   economy, after the United States. And they are doing so at a time when the Chinese government is growing more assertive and  nationalistic. Emboldened by the size and breadth of its economy, China is stepping up its demands, pressuring companies to lower their prices, hand over proprietary technology and help advance the country’s development goals, even if that means financing the growth of local rivals. IBM has promised to share technology with China. LinkedIn has agreed to censor content inside the country. Even Google has been scrounging for a way back into China, after withdrawing in 2010 in the face of accusations of government censorship and intrusions by   hackers. “This is part of the China ” said Aswath Damodaran, a professor of finance at the Stern School of Business at New York University. “If your market is so big, we’ll accept rules and regulations we wouldn’t in other parts of the world. ” For Disney, if all goes as planned, the Shanghai park will create an ecosystem of demand in China for movies, toys, clothes, video games, books and TV programs. Mr. Iger has called Shanghai the “greatest opportunity the company has had since Walt Disney himself bought land in Central Florida” in the 1960s. That site, of course, became Walt Disney World, a group of four theme parks that attracts roughly 40 million visitors annually. About 11 million visitors are expected next year at the Shanghai park, with annual attendance estimated to reach 20 million within a few years, according to Jessica Reif Cohen, an analyst at Bank of America Merrill Lynch. If all doesn’t go as planned, Disney will suffer the wrath of Wall Street, which expects the resort to offset slower growth at ESPN, the company’s longtime profit engine, and some of its other theme parks. The last thing Disney wants is another Disneyland Paris, a money pit that suffered from cultural miscues and, after 24 years, is still struggling to turn a profit. Hong Kong Disneyland, which is relatively small, has had mixed financial results since opening in 2005. Mr. Iger has staked his personal legacy on Disney’s partnership with the Chinese government. Last September, he brought a group of Disney board members to Shanghai to show off the park. They took in the world’s largest Disney castle, looking on as 11, 000 construction workers raced to finish a “Pirates of the Caribbean”  underwater voyage. His signature is quite literally on the place: He autographed the castle’s golden spire before it was attached last year. While he delegated certain duties to lieutenants, Mr. Iger has been the guiding force. He   the food, which will include items like pork knuckles and Donald   waffles, and decided which characters would appear in the parade. He has held    talks with Chinese presidents, prime ministers and propaganda officials. Mr. Iger, 65, has sought a personal relationship with China’s paramount leader, President Xi Jinping. After Mr. Iger learned that Mr. Xi’s father, Xi Zhongxun, a revolutionary leader, had visited Disneyland in 1980, he pressed his staff to find a photograph. A color photograph shows the president’s father, who died in 2002, wearing a Mao suit, shaking hands with Mickey Mouse. Mr. Iger presented it to the Chinese leader as a gift and a symbol of their partnership. When Mr. Xi stopped in Seattle last September, Mr. Iger was among the American executives on hand to welcome him. At the White House state dinner a few days later, Mr. Iger was seated at Mr. Xi’s table. Just last month, Mr. Iger flew to Beijing to meet the president at the Communist Party’s leadership compound. “It’s good to see the fruits of efforts over the years,” a smiling Mr. Xi told Mr. Iger at a public meeting between the men at the Great Hall of the People in early May. “And I believe the new cooperation will continue to yield new outcomes. ” It may be all smiles now, but Mickey Mouse knows all too well what can happen when the Middle Kingdom gets mad. The year was 1997, and Disney had finally found a bit of success in China. “The Dragon Club,” a Disney cartoon series, was popular in Chinese homes, and “The Lion King” had given Disney its first big hit in Chinese cinemas. But then came “Kundun. ” As part of a   effort to make films for more sophisticated audiences, Disney agreed to back the director Martin Scorsese, who wanted to make “Kundun,” about China’s oppression of the Dalai Lama, the Tibetan spiritual leader. The Chinese government, which considers the Dalai Lama a separatist, denounced the project and pressured Disney to abandon it. In the end, Disney decided that it could not let an overseas government influence its decision to distribute a movie in the United States. “Kundun” was released, and China retaliated by banning Disney films and pulling “The Dragon Club. ” “All of our business in China stopped overnight,” Disney’s chief executive at the time, Michael D. Eisner, recalled. Although “Snow White and the Seven Dwarfs” was screened in Shanghai in the 1930s, Disney really had no measurable business in China until decades later, when Mr. Eisner secured Sunday evening placement for Mickey Mouse and Donald Duck cartoons on the country’s biggest   broadcaster. That led to Mickey’s Corner kiosks that sold consumer goods like Minnie   shampoo, and to more television shows. By the time of the “Kundun” debacle, the demand was clearly there. Mr. Eisner just needed to undo the damage. Disney hired former Secretary of State Henry Kissinger and mounted an intense lobbying effort. In October 1998, Mr. Eisner met Zhu Rongji, who had just been named prime minister, at China’s leadership compound in Beijing. Mr. Eisner apologized for “Kundun,” calling it a “stupid mistake,” according to a transcript of the meeting. “This film was a form of insult to our friends, but other than journalists, very few people in the world ever saw it,” Mr. Eisner said during the meeting. (“Kundun” bombed, taking in just $5. 7 million against a production budget of about $30 million.) Mr. Eisner said the company had learned a lesson. And he introduced Mr. Iger, then Disney’s international president, as the person who would carry on negotiations for a theme park. The Chinese prime minister responded favorably. Land in Shanghai, he said, had already been set aside. And just like that, the door to China started to reopen. The negotiations that followed were slow and painful. Disney had to navigate a thicket of agencies, bureaucrats and officials. At one point, Disney essentially had to start over in Shanghai, after a senior Chinese official was abruptly arrested on corruption charges unrelated to the park. There were sticking points large and small. Who would control the park? What kind of transportation infrastructure would support it? How were Disney’s nightly fireworks shows going to work in smoggy Shanghai? There was also the    matter of introducing Disney characters to a country whose icon, since the Communists took power in 1949, was Mao. “Disney had to educate the Chinese government on how they operate, and the government wanted to persuade Disney that they needed a local partner to make this thing work,” said Tang Jun, one of Mr. Iger’s former lieutenants in China. By 2009, the Chinese government was finally on board. It took a 57 percent stake in the Shanghai resort, which includes revenue from hotels, restaurants and merchandise sold on the grounds. Disney also gave the government a 30 percent piece of the Disney management company that runs the property. It was in stark contrast to the deal with Hong Kong. Desperate to end a tourism slump, Hong Kong had given Disney breathtaking terms, including providing a majority of the construction funds. Disney gave up no management control. At the groundbreaking ceremony for the Shanghai resort in April 2011, Mr. Iger and Thomas O. Staggs, then Disney’s theme park chief, posed for a clichéd photo: Holding shovels, the Disney executives stood alongside two of Shanghai’s most powerful leaders, Han Zheng and Mr. Yu, and ceremoniously scooped up loose dirt from an indoor stage. Confetti was blasted into the air. A   children’s choir sang as Chinese dancers and drummers paraded onstage. Mickey and Minnie Mouse frolicked in traditional Chinese costumes. “This is a defining moment in our company’s history,” Mr. Iger said. “Along with our partner, the Shanghai Shendi Group, today I am very proud to announce the official launch of the Shanghai Disney Resort. ” When the Communist Party first invited overseas companies into the country in 1979, global businesses had to team up with the state. It wasn’t pretty. As commercial interests clashed with socialist principles, there were wage disputes, allegations of intellectual property theft and conflicts over corporate strategy. To put it in the parlance of a Chinese proverb, it was like two people sleeping in the “same bed, dreaming different dreams. ” Pepsi found itself managing a tanning factory, as part of its Chinese partnership. McDonnell Douglas claimed that some machine tools had been diverted to a factory that made missiles, in violation of United States rules. The American and Chinese partners in Beijing Jeep disagreed over quality control. “I now tell people, ‘If you don’t have to do a joint venture, don’t,’” said Don St. Pierre Sr. an American businessman who worked for Beijing Jeep. After the blowups, China started to allow some companies to go it alone. But Disney didn’t have a choice. The Communist Party maintains strict control over media companies. The partnership has significant perks for Disney.   construction companies cleared a   tract to build the resort, which will ultimately include two additional Disney theme parks and thousands of Disney hotel rooms, analysts say. Authorities have relocated residents, moved graves and closed more than 150 polluting factories. The government built new infrastructure, including a subway line that goes directly to the park’s front gate. Officials have also taken unusual steps to protect Disney from piracy in China, a country where copyright infringement is common and the government rarely intervenes. Whether the state can stand by that pledge is uncertain. But early signs are promising. Last November, regulators fined five copycat Disney hotels located near the theme park. Around the same time, nearly 2, 000 counterfeit Disney items, including hundreds of    shirts, were seized in Hangzhou. The government is even sending regulators to Disney for special training to help them better identify counterfeits. The partnership is “structured so that it will work,” said Mr. Iger. “They have a tremendous amount riding on it. ” But Disney is stepping into a potential minefield. State leaders are growing more confident about exerting influence over multinationals. The government is pushing to upgrade China’s economy, and it wants   companies to learn from partners like Disney while amassing a large share of the profits. Along with its stake in the park, Shendi stands to make a fortune from a   plot of land that it controls around the resort. In other locales, Disney has typically maintained a firm grip on the immediately adjacent real estate. Shendi wants to use such land for hotels, spas and retail, like its new Shanghai Village, a    outlet mall, with luxury shops selling Armani, Kate Spade, Juicy Couture and other brands. The Shanghai government sees Disney as just one piece of a broader effort to redevelop Pudong, the city’s easternmost region, by creating industrial parks and tourist destinations. Just 30 miles southeast of Disney’s site, the government has promoted Winterland, which bills itself as the world’s largest indoor ski resort and entertainment facility. Nearby, Haichang Polar Ocean World promises “performances” by beluga whales, dolphins, polar bears and arctic wolves. “China wants Shanghai to be this kind of dragon’s head, a showcase city for all the world to see,” said Robert Lawrence Kuhn, an American businessman who has worked with the Shanghai government. “Disney is part of that grand strategy. ” The partnership structure puts Disney in a complicated spot. Shendi is really a consortium of four powerful   companies: the Shanghai Radio, Film and Television Development Company Jin Jiang Hotels Bailian retail shops and a property developer, the Lujiazui Group. And each of those companies has separate business ties to Disney’s new resort. The Jin Jiang Group has a contract to provide tourism services for the park. The Lujiazui Group helped develop the world’s largest Disney Store. The Shanghai Media Group, a division of the development company, is positioned to capture a big share of the park’s television and advertising budget, since it controls the city’s biggest television stations, as well as major newspapers, magazines and radio properties. So Disney will have to deal with a bewildering array of state affiliates acting as partners, suppliers and even competitors, making contract negotiations complex and raising thorny    issues. Shendi, for instance, has set up its own energy company to supply natural gas to the theme park site. And Shanghai Media Group has formed alliances or made investments with Disney competitors like Sony, Warner Bros. and DreamWorks Animation. “The more partners you have, the more potential conflicts,” said Oded Shenkar, a professor of business at Ohio State University and an authority on Chinese joint ventures. “Each of those state companies may come with multiple other affiliations,” he added. A multinational must then “contend with a whole network of relationships and interdependencies they often cannot decipher. ” When Disney unveiled the website for the Shanghai park in March, the fervor was instantaneous. The site registered five million hits in less than half an hour. Tickets for the first two weeks sold out within hours. Over one weekend in early May, with the opening still a month away, more than 100, 000 people visited the resort to peek through the park gates and explore a shopping area that doesn’t require a ticket. But criticism has begun, too. Disney has been pilloried in local media for its prices ($1 for a single steamed bun, or about five times the street price). Some initial visitors trampled the public gardens. And Disney has had to deploy uniformed security guards to maintain order at popular rides, where lines during the soft opening stretched up to three hours. Shanghai authorities recently published an etiquette guide. “The frenzy of Mickey Mouse and Donald Duck and the era of blindly following them have passed,” Wang Jianlin, the chairman of Dalian Wanda Group, which operates a chain of Chinese theme parks, said on state television in May. Mr. Iger brushed off Mr. Wang’s criticism as “patently absurd,” and said media reports about food pricing complaints were overblown. “We made a decision with our   restaurants to go   and there’s a cost to that,” he said. Disney needs to avoid getting lost in translation, an especially difficult proposition in China. It is a deeply American brand trying to break into a country where the government wants to suppress Western ideals. Already, Shanghai Disneyland is triggering concerns about American cultural imperialism. At a gathering of China’s political leaders in Beijing in March, an official called for limiting Disney’s expansion and growth. “I suggest that we shouldn’t allow too many Disneyland theme parks to be built” in China, said Li Xiusong, the deputy head of culture in the eastern Anhui Province. “If children follow Western culture when they are little, they will end up liking Western culture when they grow up and be uninterested in Chinese culture. ” The country’s leaders have also grown more nationalistic in recent years: Everything must serve the state’s interest. The Communist Party is using Disney to bolster the country’s own media and entertainment companies, as well as to improve China’s image abroad. And the Chinese government is a master of control, known for strictly censoring Western media. This spring, with little warning or explanation, Chinese regulators shut down Apple’s digital book service and DisneyLife, a      movie streaming service operated by Alibaba. Disney is going to extraordinary lengths to prove its commitment to China and the Communist Party. During a 2010 meeting with China’s propaganda minister, Mr. Iger pledged to use the company’s global platform to “introduce more about China to the world. ” And he has done just that. Disney is working with China’s Ministry of Culture to help develop the country’s animation industry and has agreed to work with Shanghai Media Group to make films for global audiences. Notably, Disney partnered with the state to produce “Born in China,” a film that promises to “showcase to the world the spectacular wildlife and natural beauty of China,” which a trailer depicts as snuggly baby pandas, snow leopards and lavish aerial shots of pristine mountain ranges. “When global brands ask me what they need to do to improve their chances in China, I often paraphrase John F. Kennedy: Ask not what China can do for your business, but what your business can do for China,” said John A. Quelch, who teaches at Harvard Business School and has extensive experience in China. “They need to demonstrate that they are willing to promote things the government is interested in. ” Mr. Iger is trying especially to give Shanghai Disney some Chinese flair. He instructed park designers to infuse as many Chinese elements as possible. Builders collected indigenous trees from all around China, including a   chestnut oak from Zhejiang Province, to adorn the grounds. A “Tarzan” show was directed by Li Xining, an acrobatics expert who once worked for the Chengdu Military Area Command under the People’s Liberation Army. The Broadway version of “The Lion King” will be performed entirely in Mandarin  —   a first. Mr. Iger even came up with a new slogan for the Shanghai resort, calling it “authentically Disney and distinctly Chinese. ” He repeats the phrase constantly when talking about the site, and Disney executives in Shanghai have posted it around their offices. It is supposed to be a sign of respect for China and its people. “What are we doing here that will make this park successful in China?” Mr. Iger said at an investor event in May. “One of the critical elements was making it distinctly Chinese, making sure that the people who visit this park feel that it’s theirs. ”",0
5904,Facebook to Begin ’Fake News’ Filtering in Germany Prior to Election - Breitbart,"Facebook will soon begin to roll out their “fake news” filter in Germany according to a report in the Financial Times. [The Financial Times reports that following Angela Merkel’s worries about fake news and misinformation prior to the upcoming German elections, Facebook will begin their fake news monitoring program in Germany very soon. Facebook announced their fake news fact checking program in the US in December, partnering with partisan organisations such as ABC News, Snopes, and Politifact to determine what counts as fake news.  Stories reported on Facebook’s platform as fake news will now be forwarded to Correctiv, a     news organisation. If the news is deemed to be incorrect it will be marked as “disputed” and an explanation for the judgement will be attached. These items will also appear lower on Facebook timelines as items are sorted by Facebook’s algorithm.  Speaking to the Financial Times, a Facebook spokesperson stated that the social media company was searching for other German media partners to help with fact checking. Facebook also stated that Germany was just the first of many countries that they planned to implement their fake news fact checking service in. “Our focus is on Germany right now but we’re certainly thinking through what countries will unveil next,” said the spokesperson. German politicians have called for a crackdown on fake news for some time now and specifically targeted Facebook in relation to misinformation. Justice Minister Heiko Maas said last November that Facebook should be treated as any other media company and be held responsible for the content on their platform. The German government reportedly previously considered setting up their own bureau to monitor fake news, according to German newspaper Deutsche Welle. Justice Minister Heiko Maas has previously stated that fake news was a “danger to our culture of debate” and that social media companies had a duty to curb the spreading of misinformation. “It can’t be in Facebook’s interest that its platform is misused in order to spread lies and hate campaigns,” Maas told Deutsche Welle. “Criminal content should be deleted immediately once it has been reported. And it must be easier for users to report fake news. ” Lucas Nolan is a reporter for Breitbart News covering issues of free speech and online censorship. Follow him on Twitter @LucasNolan_ or email him at lnolan@breitbart. com",0
5905,"""Just say it's the Russians"" - Joaquin Flores on RT [Video]","

October 31st, 2016 - Fort Russ News - 
RT -  by  Inessa Sinchougova 



Clinton's circus continues its tour. Joaquin Flores is the Editor in Chief here on Fort Russ. 



     Follow us on Facebook!                                                                                                      
       Follow us on Twitter!                                
             Donate! ",0
5906,Progressive Nomad: Renewed Hope For Protesters As Wild Buffalo Storm Over The Horizon (VIDEO),"Progressive Nomad: Renewed Hope For Protesters As Wild Buffalo Storm Over The Horizon (VIDEO) By Stephanie Kuklish   
During peaceful protest and prayer on Thursday, while police armed with weapons shot rubber bullets and bean bags into the crowd, the Native American water protectors fighting the Dakota Access Pipeline were in awe of hundreds of Bison that appeared, showing the warriors they were fighting too. 
Over 200 Native Americans were arrested for peaceful prayer after being bombarded by state and local police dressed in riot gear and using violent tactics on the unarmed warriors. Though the showing of the Bison didn’t stop the corrupt police attacks it did bring a renewed sense of purpose to the tired but motivated crowd. 
The Bison is a potent symbol of Native American heritage. In a blog post about the incident, Davidica Littlespottedhorse explained the legend of the bison by stating : “The great bison or buffalo of North America is a very powerful symbol to American Indians. Though best suited to cooler climates, bison roamed virtually in entire continent. The smaller woodlands bison and its bigger cousin, the plains bison were revered and honored in ceremony and everyday life. To the plains Indian, our Bison Brother meant sacred life and the abundance of the Creator’s blessing on Mother Earth. The bison is powerful medicine that is a symbol of sacrifice and service to the community. The Bison people agreed to give their lives so the American Indian could have food, shelter, and clothing. The Bison is also a symbol of gratitude and honor as it is happy to accept its meager existence as it stands proud against the winds of adversity. The bison represents abundance of the Creator’s bounty and respect for all creation knowing that all things are sacred.” 
The moment was awe inspiring. Take a look for yourself. 
Featured Image Via Prairie Edge/ Ray Tysdal About Stephanie Kuklish 
I am a 30 something writer passionate about politics, the environment, human rights and pretty much everything that effects our everyday life. To stay on top of the topics I discuss, like and follow me at https://www.facebook.com/keeponwriting and https://facebook.com/progressivenomad . Connect",0
5907,Aliens That Appear As Light — Beware of the False Light Archons,"Aliens That Appear As Light — Beware of the False Light Archons Is there any connection between the alien abduction and the near-death experience phenomenon? Excerp... I found this gem in my paperback copy of hypnotist Edith Fiore’s book “ Encounters: A Psychologist Reveals Case Studies of Abduction By Extraterrestrials ”.One of her case studies, Sherry, was taken up into a craft in a beam of light and under hypnosis recalled: “It seems like I see a flash of light. I feel this pulsating pulling kind of sensation. I don’t see anything. It’s dark except for violet and gold light…. I keep on getting these feelings that I shouldn’t be saying anything.I feel like there’s some kind of block that I… I don’t know if it’s my own fear that I’m not going to remember or anything or… I feel real tense, real stiff. It seems like there’s some kind of form that seems to be mostly light. I feel kind of frightened… much taller than I am, maybe eight feet or so… Now I’m seeing something different. Seems almost like a… leathery, almost amphibian-type skin. It’s kind of greenish-yellowish and wrinkly large eyes, but they were ohhhh! [Grimaces] I really don’t want to remember. It’s pretty scary. The one thing that I do see is that the eyes are very caring and loving. And I really sense that they are… they really don’t want to scare and they worry about that. The caring is really evident in the eyes. [Pause] The face I saw is gone. It was more amphibian like than anything else… I feel like they’re… it’s like light, some kind of light that’s making me calm. It’s calming. It seems to be emanating from whoever’s around me. There seems to be a kind of merging of forms or something. It’s like seeing an aura around somebody. It’s not like seeing an actual form, and so the colors merge. But it’s mostly like gold. It’s not like I’m actually seeing anything, but I feel like I’m being operated on… I just get feelings of love… it seems like they only want me to remember them as light.”Val Valerian wrote this about the Greys being able to store energy:“The Greys are able to detect and perceive emotional responses from humans. Some of these responses (or the frequencies involved) the aliens find distasteful. In order to minimize their exposure to undesirable emotional wavelengths, the Greys will test humans and apply behavior modification techniques to block specific emotional states.Likewise, they will encourage emotional states in the child (and adult) that will result in emotional wavelengths that they can use. The Greys have the ability to “feed” on this energy. They have the ability to confine this emotional energy to containers that have internal fields that will “bottle” the energy, much like a magnetic bottle will hold a plasma.The effect of the use of this energy is like “vitamins” on the Greys. It gives them a boost in vitality.The Greys also have the ability to pickup and gather the energy emitted through the eyes (sometimes called eloptic energy, or biological energy). Proof of Alien abduction: Italian Woman Abduction Evidence and Grey Fetus Abortion The Grey uppermost in the group hierarchy always takes the position in front of the abductee in order to absorb this energy, which is upgraded in quantity and quality by induction of emotional processes in the human. This process is not done as often with children as with adults.”David Jacobs from his book “ Secret Life ” on alien mindscans:When an abductee asks, “What are you doing?” he may answer with a cryptic, “You know what we are doing.”When an abductee asks if they will ever stop doing this to her, the Taller Being might respond with, “You are very special to us” or, “This is very important and you are helping us.”At times the Taller Being will perform the physical exam himself, but Mindscan is the focus of his attention. Mindscan entails deep, penetrating staring into the abductee’s eyes. Abductees commonly feel that data of some sort is being extracted from their minds. We do not know what the information is, how it is extracted, or what the Beings do with it. One abductee thinks that they transfer it to other Beings’ minds...My eyes are open, but my mind is sort of gone. I have no will. I have no will. I am absorbed and I’m not fighting it. (Karen Morgan, 9, 1958) Some people say that they feel that the Taller Being is “stealing their memories.”Bonding During Mindscan, the Taller Being can elicit specific emotions in the abductee, such as fear and terror. Often he will create an instant rush of pleasurable emotions in the abductee that “bonds” her to him. As he stares deeply into her eyes, she may feel that the Taller Being is really a “good” individual. She wants to help him. She wants to be with him. She wants to give herself to the Beings’“program,” to help in any way she can. She does not want to leave. Sometimes there is a romantic and even sexual quality to these thoughts. Some women say that they “love” the Taller Being.Love. By love, do you mean directed toward him, or just sort of amorphous? It’s for everything. Are you looking into his eyes also? He makes me. So he looks into your eyes and you get this sort of rush of pleasurable feelings again? Yes. When you have this rush of pleasurable feelings, is there sort of a sexual component to this as well? Yes. Is it because of the situation of the vulnerability of it all, or… ? I think from what he’s projecting… . Bud Hopkins wrote about alien orchestrated love relationships in abductees:In a few cases, a bonding with an alien being or spirit guide progressed into a love obsession where it was discovered later that the spirit guide turned out to be an alien masquerading as the “lover”. Have you been abducted but don't remember? 72 Possible Signs of Alien Abduction Detalied by Abductees TRUMAN CASH In his revealing book “The Eye of Ra” the frequent alien abductee Truman Cash recalls through hypnosis many episodes from past lives. He writes:“When one engages in extensive past life therapy, one will uncover many different types of implant stations. These are spirit traps that are designed to trick a free being and then force the being into a body. The common denominator of these experiences is electronics. There are many different types of high-tech electronic methods to accomplish this; it appears that electromagnetics plays a key role in this process. What I find amazing is that beings without bodies can be effectively controlled with electronics…“For example, on December 3, 1995 I uncovered an incident that started out with me as a free being in space. I became interested in a very large, disk-shaped craft, so I entered it. I was then pushed by an electronic force field into a small confinement area near the edge of the inside of the craft. I was then “sucked” into a body via some type of electronic tractor beam. Then I was anchored in the body through a series of electronic wave pulses that felt like very intense electric shocks. It overwhelmed me and then just beat me into the head of this body.“12,389 years ago I was out in space-as a free being-and looking down at Earth. I didn’t notice that a very large, black, spherical implant station was approaching me, because my attention was focused on the planet. An invisible, electronic tractor beam locked onto me and began pulling me into a circular, concave structure on the implant station. The extreme power of this tractor beam overwhelmed me and made me feel awful. In spite of my abilities as a free being, I couldn’t fight free. I was pulled into the entrance, which was a tunnel in the center of the concave surface. I was then accelerated down this long, curved tunnel toward the LIGHT at the end of the tunnel. (My colloquialism for this type of implant station is a “soul sucker. “)“After being totally overwhelmed by this energy beam and pulled through this tunnel, I began to feel very lethargic. I then found myself in an implanting room, being compressed into a female body by a powerful, WHITE LIGHT energy beam that beat me into a body. This energy beam was so irritating that I felt like screaming. I began to try to fight back with the body. That’s when they knew that the implantation was finished–because I was using MY BODY to fight back.“Two tall insectoid beings that looked like praying mantises then escorted me to another part of the implant station. I was now in a very large, WHITE LIGHT room….12,389 years ago I was out in space-as a free being-and looking down at Earth. I didn’t notice that a very large, black, spherical implant station was approaching me, because my attention was focused on the planet. An invisible, electronic tractor beam locked onto me and began pulling me into a circular, concave structure on the implant station. The extreme power of this tractor beam overwhelmed me and made me feel awful. In spite of my abilities as a free being, I couldn’t fight free. I was pulled into the entrance, which was a tunnel in the center of the concave surface. I was then accelerated down this long, curved tunnel toward the LIGHT at the end of the tunnel.“Through telepathic hypnosis I hear a very soothing, hypnotic voice whispering in my head: “Sleep.Don’t worry. We’ll take care of you. Don’t remember. You have no past. You will not need to remember your past.Be here now. No more thoughts of the past. Forget the past. Move forward into a new life. You will begin a new life in the LIGHT. ”After I was thoroughly inculcated in this WHITE LIGHT amnesia room, two insectoids approached me and told me that I was ready to begin my new life.“This involves an alien, a bug-like one, a praying mantis-like alien. I have the impression of a voice, possibly programming. Something flashed in my head. I’m just going on impressions. I saw that foggy LIGHT. I hear a voice say ‘Go to the LIGHT, ‘ and I go to the LIGHT…..”Start at the beginning of this incident and see if you can pick up more details.”“I’m not going to the beginning-about the middle of the incident. The phrase “Go to the LIGHT. ”It’s an implant station. I see a big round sphere, like a space station maybe. ““What happens next? ”“The insect guy. I think right before that, I’m in an area that feels like a round room, and there’s this intense, WHITE, blinding LIGHT coming from the walls. ”(The room that I was in was a sphere with a diameter of about twelve feet. The walls of the inside of this sphere were radiating this bright, WHITE LIGHT force field.)“There’s a struggle to counteract the force of the LIGHT that’s 360 degrees (around me), that’s forcing me into this body. I feel it in my body-not just my head-in my torso. They’re not just compressing me into a head. Oh man, don’t go to the LIGHT……Down by my feet is a cocoon-shaped capsule. The conveyor slides me into it, and the top is put on. I’m shut in this capsule and shot onto this planet. I think it’s Earth. “……”Return to the beginning of the incident. ”“Okay. I’m going into a big, huge sphere, space station. I’m going through a tunnel of LIGHT. At the end of the tunnel is this room-and a body–with intense LIGHT& power that just presses and pushes on me, forces me into this body.I can feel the body now, as it (the force field) pushes me in. It’s caucasian, naked, male. ”[At this point I compare my present body and genitalia with the body that I’m being forced into in this incident.]“Then this vesica piscis thing opens up. I walk out a ways. It’s starting to make sense: It’s programming you to be an infant and go out the birth canal.”……”Why do you feel sad?”“Because they put me in a body. They tricked me. They put me in a capsule and shoot it out of the... uh, shoot it out to a planet...” Return to the beginning of the incident.”“I think the beginning is when I died. It’s a battle with swords. I think a sword goes right through me, in my abdomen. I hear this (‘Go to the LIGHT’) — I’m out of my body — I don’t know if somebody communicates this to me or what, but I’m going to the LIGHT, a tunnel of LIGHT, very fast. This LIGHT goes to this implant station that’s just huge. Reminds me of a small planet or moon. It’s just really huge. At the end of the tunnel of LIGHT in this room with glowing WHITE LIGHT, there’s a body in the middle of the room. The LIGHT just pushes me into the body... Don’t go to the LIGHT. I was right about that. That makes sense–the Serpent Staff group.The New Age LIGHT. It’s part of the trap. ”“… I died in 1945 and went up to the implant station. It seems I always report in to the same one. The tunnel of LIGHT. I went into the room where the people are milling around. 1 went into the back of the head of one of the people. I’m being programmed: ‘Be in the LIGHT. Always return to the LIGHT. Safe refuge. No fear. ‘I can see why people are drawn to it. It’s like taking a vacation, milling around in the WHITE LIGHT. There’s no pain there. You’re being programmed to be a sheep. You aren’t exposed to stuff. There are other parts of the ship where you are rammed into bodies with force beams.““I leave my body and pulled into a tunnel of LIGHT. It just pulls you like a force you can’t resist.”(It’s like a soul-sucking tractor beam.) “It just sucks you in. It’s almost the exact parallel to when I was first put in a body (12,389 years ago in the Atlantis incident where I was sacrificed.) There’s a sphere about twelve feet in diameter (the LIGHT at the end of the tunnel). The walls of this device are glowing with a WHITE LIGHT. There’s a male body in the middle of this sphere. I’m being squeezed into the body…”At first I thought they were LIGHT BEINGS. These are the praying mantis guys! They take me into the WHITE, misty LIGHT. I’m being programmed: ‘PEACE, REST-soothing whispering in my mind. The words: ‘GOD LOVES YOU. PEACE IN THE LIGHT. ‘ I’m being programmed that I’m with GOD now.‘ALWAYS RETURN TO THE LIGHT. ‘ I can see why people think going to the LIGHT is good, because it FEELS good. ‘I WILL BEGIN A NEW LIFE NOW. THE OLD IS PASSED AWAY. YOU’LL BE SAFE IN THE LIGHT. YOU CAN ALWAYS COME TO THE LIGHT. ‘You feel like you’re really loved, and you’re really special. ” (When I said ‘really loved’ and ‘really special, ‘I said it in a soothing, but sarcastic tone. Their programming is very sweet, but very insincere and phony. I have observed the same kind of syrupy sweet, deceitful rhetoric from the channeled Pleiadians.) “So I’m taken out (of the big WHITE LIGHT room). I get the impression that they are LIGHT BEINGS, but they’re not! ”“What is a LIGHT BEING?”“A body that is just LIGHT. But it’s not. They’re the insect guys.“It appears that electromagnetics plays a key role in this procedure. I suddenly realized that they were using the nervous system of the body-including the brain, of course-to implant beings into bodies. The nerves transmit electrical charges, which creates electromagnetic fields around the body. The chakras are simply nerve networks, which create electromagnetic fields.“Many people today are reporting near death experiences (NDEs) in which they travel swiftly through a tunnel toward the LIGHT. When they reach the LIGHT at the end of the tunnel they sometimes report seeing “beings of LIGHT. ”They sometimes believe they have traveled to some kind of spiritual realm. From my own experiences these “beings of LIGHT” were insectoids. They only “appeared” to be LIGHT beings, due to their uncanny ET ability to create illusions in the minds of abductees, whether out of body or in the body. This ability, as I have mentioned before, can be best described as “telepathic hypnosis; ” other researchers use the term “screen memories.”Grays also possess this incredible ability to manipulate people’s minds and emotions, and they often use this ability to create an illusion of benevolence and love.” Here's how to Escape 'Their' TRAP and Set Your Soul FREE Dear Friends, HumansAreFree is and will always be free to access and use. If you appreciate my work, please help me continue. 
Stay updated via Email Newsletter: Related",0
5908,Comment on Someone tampered with a Virginia road sign so they could call Hillary Clinton a b – – – – by Steven Broiles,"Posted on November 3, 2016 by DCG | 6 Comments 
Truth hurts. 
From Washington Post : Authorities are investigating apparent tampering with an electronic road sign at a busy Virginia commuter lot that resulted in a disparaging remark about Democratic presidential candidate Hillary Clinton and a call for people to “Vote Trump.” 
The sign at the Tackett’s Mill commuter lot in Lake Ridge flashed three consecutive message screens: “CROOKED ­HILARY”; followed by a profanity (“IS A B –––– ”); followed by “VOTE TRUMP.” 
The messages were on display for an unknown period Tuesday evening while commuters headed to their homes in the Virginia suburb, about 25 miles southeast of the District. 
Their tone reflects the bitter 2016 presidential race, in which both major-party candidates are historically unpopular and Trump’s supporters openly wear T-shirts calling Clinton the b-word and gleefully chant “Lock her up” during his rallies. 
“Crooked Hillary” is a name Trump coined for Clinton and uses regularly. Earlier this week, a tweet from the account of Texas’s agriculture commissioner , a Trump adviser, took the name-calling a step further, using a vulgar term for female genitalia to refer to Clinton. 
In Prince William County, the offending electronic sign was one that had been placed in the commuter lot about a month ago by the county elections office. It was programmed to broadcast a message encouraging early voting for those who cannot make it to the polls on Tuesday. 
There are about 10 such signs posted in heavily trafficked areas across Prince William County, a relative Republican stronghold in the Washington area. The Board of County Supervisors is chaired by Corey Stewart (R), a high-profile cheerleader for Trump who co-chaired the GOP nominee’s Virginia campaign until a dispute last month led to his ouster . 
Election officials in the county, which also has a fast-growing Latino population, are taking special measures this year to speed voting and minimize potential disruptions at the polls. 
On Wednesday, officials said the tampered-with sign equipment had not been locked, giving whoever changed the message easy access to a keyboard panel inside. “There’s a set of instructions next to the panel,” said Winston Forrest, a spokesman for the county elections office. “Anyone who could get access to it could make the change.” 
After the errant message was reported, it was turned off and the equipment was removed, according the county police. 
County elections officials said they have placed locks on the remaining voting road signs in the county. “There are no more of these types of messages,” Forrest said. 
Read the rest of the story here . 
DCG",0
5909,‘US undermining Daesh fight to get footing in Syria’,"Interviews Syria should be able to choose its allies in the battle against Daesh, says American political analyst James Petras. 
The Pentagon's plan to launch an offensive against the Daesh (ISIL) terrorist group in Syria is only aimed at undermining a successful attempt by the Syrian government and its allies to defeat the terror group, says James Petras, an American political commentator. 
US Defense Secretary Ashton Carter told NBC News on Wednesday that the Pentagon is planning a ground offensive to oust Daesh from the Syrian city of Raqqah, the terror group’s stronghold in the country. 
Carter, who was in Iraq earlier this week amid the ongoing battle to retake the city of Mosul from Daesh, said the Raqqah offensive would begin when Iraq’s second largest city is cleared. 
He claimed that US forces won't be directly involved in any of the operations. 
“This is a ploy to have the US in northern Syria,” Petras said, arguing that the US was seeking to undermine international efforts to defeat Daesh in a bid to reinforce its own foothold in the conflict-ridden country. 
“I don’t believe that the attack on Raqqah is a positive move because I think it brings the US closer to its policy of establishing a no-fly zone in northern Syria which will directly affect the efforts of the Syrian government and its allies—Iran and Russia—to defend the country.” 
The analyst noted that Raqqah is a “problem for the Syrian people” and Damascus should be allowed to choose its allies in the battle. 
Petras went on to note that Carter’s remarks bear similarities to US Democratic presidential candidate Hillary Clinton’s plans for a “conflagration” in the Middle East. 
The ongoing Western efforts in Syria have a different nature. Washington and its allies have come under fire for openly seeking to remove President Bashar al-Assad from power. 
Carter’s claim that US ground forces will have no part in the fight against Daesh came at a time when more than 5,000 American soldiers were stationed in Iraq, tasked with providing training and intelligence to Iraqi forces. Loading ...",0
5910,The Billion-Dollar Jackpot: Engineered to Drain Your Wallet - The New York Times,"If you’ve noticed that colossal lottery winnings are becoming almost common this year, it’s no accident. Four of the 10 biggest jackpots in United States history have already occurred in 2016, an engineered outcome intended to generate   big winners. That’s thrilling if you are the rare winner of hundreds of millions of dollars. But whether it’s a good thing for scores of millions of other people who play   lottery games is highly questionable, as a close look at the numbers reveals. What is immediately evident, though, is that the high frequency of enormous jackpots results from skillful planning, says Salil Mehta, an independent statistician. “This was deliberate,” Mr. Mehta says. “The jackpots are growing very rapidly, and at a certain point when the jackpot rises into the hundreds of millions of dollars, there is a buzz, and people start betting much more. ” Consider that on July 30, an unnamed person in New Hampshire won a $487 million Powerball jackpot. That would be a big deal on its own, but in the same year, we’ve also seen jackpots of $429 million, $536 million and $1. 586 billion. That’s according to a tally kept by Mr. Mehta, formerly director of research and analytics for the Treasury’s Troubled Asset Relief Program and the federal Pension Benefit Guaranty Corporation. He says that the rapid buildup of enormous prizes resulted from redesigns of the nation’s two big multistate   lotteries  —   Mega Millions in 2013 and Powerball in October 2015. The idea was to stimulate gambling and increase revenue for state governments after the financial crisis by generating enormous   jackpots while also making it easier to win smaller prizes. It’s worked. Overall sales of   lottery games in the United States increased to $73. 9 billion last year, according to the North American Association of State and Provincial Lotteries, from $70. 1 billion the previous year. Sales appear to be rising in 2016. How was this done? For those of a wonky disposition, Mr. Mehta provides elegant analyses on his blog. Basically, the infinitesimally small odds of winning the big jackpots became even worse  —   they are now one in roughly 292 million for Powerball and one in 259 million for Mega Millions. There are many smaller prizes for these multistate games, as well as myriad local lottery games that help keep interest alive when drawings for the big games fail to produce a winner. Each time that happens  —   and, given the odds, it will happen frequently  —   the   jackpot swells. Those gigantic jackpots set people dreaming. I’m not immune to lottery fever. I hadn’t bought a lottery ticket of any kind for years, until last January, when the Powerball jackpot amounted to nearly $1. 6 billion. That was one awesome number. We began talking about it at work. Two colleagues and I split a few tickets. We understood that we had almost no chance of winning, and didn’t care: It was fun. Behavior like ours seems to account for the rapid surge in lottery sales, bringing jackpots to a higher and higher level, Mr. Mehta suggests. Once the jackpot reaches a certain threshold  —   somewhere in the hundreds of millions, these days  —   people begin talking and rushing to buy tickets, including people who don’t typically buy lottery tickets, and the jackpot soars even higher. I have no problem with that on a personal level. In fact, if the lottery exceeds $1 billion again, I’ll probably buy a ticket again. I have dreams, too. But Mr. Mehta persuaded me to crunch the numbers to see what effects the   lotteries are having on people who buy tickets regularly. The results are troubling. Consider that for   lotteries as a whole, only about 60 cents of every dollar goes back to ticket buyers in the form of winnings, an analysis of United States Census Bureau data shows. The flip side is that in the long run, players as a group lose about 40 percent of the money they put into the lottery, and the chances of a big win are vanishingly small. For the July 30 Powerball drawing, for example, the lottery sold roughly 74 million tickets across the country, the data indicates. In addition to the $487 million jackpot winner, lottery statistics show that one ticket won a tidy $2 million. Other people won money too, but they didn’t win much: Just under 4 percent of tickets  —   fewer than one in 25  —   produced any winnings at all. And for 78 percent of those winning tickets, the prize was only $4. If you won one of those little prizes and had bought two tickets, you broke even for the day. For more than 96 percent of tickets, though, you simply kissed your money goodbye. In short, if your goal was actually to win money, your chances would be much better at the blackjack table in a casino. How much are people losing at   lottery games? For some of us, it’s a paltry sum, $10 or $20 a year. And a handful of people win   pots. But for the millions of regular lottery players, it’s a different story. It takes a while to figure this out. But using publicly available lottery and census data, I estimate, very roughly, that millions of adults, perhaps as many as 50 million, are swallowing net losses that average $1, 000 a year. (I used lottery estimates suggesting that roughly 20 percent of all players account for about   of all sales, and proceeded from there. Mr. Mehta does an elaborate version of this on his blog.) That’s a lot of money for a lot of people, and over a lifetime it could make the difference between a comfortable retirement and utter penury. In fact, if you were to invest that money in a diversified mutual fund every year from the age of 20 until 65, and it returned 5 percent annually, you would have a nest egg of about $150, 000. When you realize that households in the United States had only a median net worth of $68, 828 in 2011, according to the Federal Reserve, it’s clear that this forsaken nest egg is a significant amount of money. (I calculated the nest egg for an individual statistically speaking, the Fed says, a household typically includes 1. 8 adults, so the comparable nest egg would be about $270, 000.) These numbers don’t take into account the impact on poorer people, who truly cannot afford to forgo such sums of money. And they don’t include the effects of taxes, which subtract from winnings. Money spent to play the lottery has already been taxed, while winnings, which are still subject to tax, are worth less than their face value. I’m not a puritan. I have no problem with gambling as a form of entertainment. If anybody wants to spend money this way, fine. But few people run these numbers themselves or, really, are equipped to do so: A recent study suggests that most Americans are not really financially literate. I suspect that few people fully understand the   they are making. At a minimum, the government ought to be doing no harm to its citizens, yet it appears to be promoting and benefiting from activities that are surely harming the life prospects of many people. It’s true, lottery revenue may help the government finance education and other programs, many of them quite worthwhile. Yet policy levers could be used in other ways. Local and state governments could instead engage in aggressive and creative marketing schemes that would actually improve our odds of attaining a decent financial future.",0
5911,Keep Your Family Close and Your Roomba Closer - The New York Times,"How lovable can a robot be? A study of Roomba owners by the Georgia Institute of Technology in 2009 found that at least a few people considered their appliances to be as close as family members. Effects like light, motion and especially sound can lead us to sympathize with an appliance as mundane as a vacuum. That means that product designers are not just focused on how your appliances work they make deliberate design choices to amplify the consumer’s emotional connection to a hunk of plastic. On this week’s episode of “Tell Me Something I Don’t Know,” you’ll learn about a beer recipe to bring on a desert island, some particularly uncomfortable sounds and a career that lacks female participation (besides the presidency). The panelists are: Angela Duckworth, author of “Grit: The Power of Passion and Perseverance” and a professor of psychology at the University of Pennsylvania. Interned alongside the most famous intern in our country’s political history. Austan Goolsbee, economist at the University of Chicago and former White House economist, who collects movie ticket stubs. Keisha Zollar, actor, comedian, and host of the “Applying It Liberally” and “The Soul Glo Project” podcasts also the proud owner of a semicolon. Our “  Human  ” is Negin Farsad, host of the podcast “Fake the Nation” and the author of “How to Make White People Laugh. ” From a desktop or laptop, you can listen by pressing play on the button above. Or if you’re on a mobile device, the instructions below will help you find and subscribe to the series. On your iPhone or iPad: 1. Open your podcast app. It’s a   app called “Podcasts” with a purple icon. (This link may help.) 2. Search for the series. Tap on the “search” magnifying glass icon at the bottom of the screen, type in “Tell Me Something I Don’t Know” and select it from the list of results. 3. Subscribe. Once on the series page, tap on the “subscribe” button to have new episodes sent to your phone free. You may want to adjust your notifications to be alerted when a new episode arrives. 4. Or just sample. If you would rather listen to an episode or two before deciding to subscribe, tap on the episode title from the list on the series page. If you have an internet connection, you’ll be able to stream the episode. On your Android phone or tablet: 1. Open your podcast app. It’s a   app called “Play Music” with an    icon. (This link may help.) 2. Search for the series. Click on the magnifying glass icon at the top of the screen, search for “Still Processing” and select it from the list of results. You may have to scroll down to find the “Podcasts” search results. 3. Subscribe. Once on the series page, click on the word “subscribe” to have new episodes sent to your phone free. 4. Or just sample. If you would rather listen to an episode or two before deciding to subscribe, click on the episode title from the list on the series page. If you have an internet connection, you’ll be able to stream the episode.",0
5912,Comment on The Working Class Won The Election — Paul Craig Roberts by Debbie Menon,"By Paul Craig Roberts on November 9, 2016 It seems that the oligarchs were deceived by their own media propaganda. Donald Trump has won a stunning victory over Hillary Clinton, defying Republican and Democratic political elites with his populist “Drain the Swamp” and “Make America Great Again” movement. 
by Paul Craig Roberts 
The US presidential election is historic, because the American people were able to defeat the oligarchs. 
Hillary Clinton, an agent for the Oligarchy, was defeated despite the vicious media campaign against Donald Trump. This shows that the media and the political establishments of the political parties no longer have credibility with the American people. 
It remains to be seen whether Trump can select and appoint a government that will serve him and his goals to restore American jobs and to establish friendly and respectful relations with Russia, China, Syria, and Iran. 
It also remains to be seen how the Oligarchy will respond to Trump’s victory. Wall Street and the Federal Reserve can cause an economic crisis in order to put Trump on the defensive, and they can use the crisis to force Trump to appoint one of their own as Secretary of the Treasury. Rogue agents in the CIA and Pentagon can cause a false flag attack that would disrupt friendly relations with Russia. 
Trump could make a mistake and retain neoconservatives in his government. 
With Trump there is at least hope. Unless Trump is obstructed by bad judgment in his appointments and by obstacles put in his way, we should expect an end to Washington’s orchestrated conflict with Russia, the removal of the US missiles on Russia’s border with Poland and Romania, the end of the conflict in Ukraine, and the end of Washington’s effort to overthrow the Syrian government. However, achievements such as these imply the defeat of the US Oligarchy. 
Although Trump defeated Hillary, the Oligarchy still exists and is still powerful. NATO headquarters in Brussels, Belgium. 
Trump said that he no longer sees the point of NATO 25 years after the Soviet collapse. If he sticks to his view, it means a big political change in Washington’s EU vassals. The hostility toward Russia of the current EU and NATO officials would have to cease. German Chancellor Merkel would have to change her spots or be replaced. NATO Secretary General Jens Stoltenberg would have to be dismissed. 
We do not know who Trump will select to serve in his government. It is likely that Trump is unfamiliar with the various possibilities and their positions on issues. It really depends on who is advising Trump and what advice they give him. 
Once we see his government, we will know whether we can be hopeful for the changes that now have a chance. 
If the oligarchy is unable to control Trump and he is actually successful in curbing the power and budget of the military/security complex and in holding the financial sector politically accountable, Trump could be assassinated. Architects of Endless “Regime Change” Wars 
Trump said that he will put Hillary in prison. He should first put her on trial for treason and war crimes along with all of the neoconservatives. That would clear the decks for peace with the other two major nuclear powers over whom the neoconservatives seek hegemony. 
Although the neoconservatives would still have contacts in the hidden deep state, it would make it difficult for the vermin to organize false flag operations or an assassination. Rogue elements in the military/security complex could still pull off an assassination, but without neocons in the government a coverup would be more difficult. 
Trump has more understanding and insight than his opponents realize. For a man such as Trump to risk acquiring so many powerful enemies and to risk his wealth and reputation, he had to have known that the people’s dissatisfaction with the ruling establishment meant he could be elected president. 
We won’t know what to expect until we see who are the Secretaries and Assistant Secretaries. If it is the usual crowd, we will know Trump has been captured. 
A happy lasting result of the election is the complete discrediting of the US media. The media predicted an easy Hillary victory and even Democratic Party control of the US Senate. Even more important to the media’s loss of influence and credibility, despite the vicious media attack on Trump throughout the presidential primaries and presidential campaign, the media had no effect outside the Northeast and West coasts, the stomping grounds of the One Percent. The rest of the country ignored the media. 
I did not think the Oligarchy would allow Trump to win. However, it seems that the oligarchs were deceived by their own media propaganda. Assured that Hillary was the sure winner, they were unprepared to put into effect plans to steal the election. 
Hillary is down, but not the Oligarchs. If Trump is advised to be conciliatory, to hold out his hand, and to take the establishment into his government, the American people will again be disappointed. In a country whose institutions have been so completely corrupted by the Oligarchy, it is difficult to achieve real change without bloodshed. 
CrossTalk: Trump’s Triumph! Against almost all the odds Donald Trump wins the American presidency. This is a historic political earthquake for the United States and the world. Welcome to Trumpland! CrossTalking with Mark Sleboda, Gilbert Doctorow, and Rory Suchet. Published on Nov 9, 2016 Related Posts:",0
5914,Rio Olympics: Shaunae Miller Dives to Gold in 400 Meters - The New York Times,"In a desperate lunge at the finish line, Shaunae Miller of the Bahamas won the women’s 400 meters at the Rio Olympics on Monday night, defeating Allyson Felix of the United States. Running in Lane 7 and leading down the stretch, Miller apparently could sense that Felix was closing fast on the inside. With four strides remaining, Miller began to dive toward the finish line like a runner trying to steal second base. The maneuver actually may have slightly slowed Miller, 22, as she began to put less force into the ground to propel herself forward. Still, Miller’s torso crossed first, as required by the rules, and she took the gold medal in 49. 44 seconds, her personal best. Miller remained on the track on her back until she was declared the winner in a photo finish. Felix, seeking to become the first woman to win five Olympic gold medals in track and field, took second in 49. 51. The result was disappointing for Felix, who had hoped to win gold medals at 200 and 400 meters. She did not qualify for the Olympic 200. She still has a chance to win a gold medal in the 4x400 relay, which is scheduled to begin Friday. Laurie Hernandez, the youngest member of the United States women’s gymnastics team, bested Simone Biles to win the silver medal on balance beam Monday. Biles held on for the bronze, her fourth medal of the Rio Games. Hernandez’s score of 15. 333 was just short of the 15. 466 earned by the gold medalist, Sanne Wevers of the Netherlands. Biles and Hernandez were the top qualifiers among the eight finalists. Biles, a   world champion on the apparatus, had the most difficult routine among the gymnasts, but she put her hands down on the beam after a front tuck. The error meant Biles lost at least a   from her score, for a 14. 733. Hernandez, who is 16 and relatively new to the international scene, was   on a punch front pike and had beautiful leaps and jumps. She nailed her double pike dismount. The Americans had put in an inquiry about her score  —   teams can contest whether judges assessed the difficulty correctly  —   but it was rejected, along with France’s inquiry into its athlete’s score. Wevers, a beam specialist known for her graceful routines, racked up points for her series of spins, which are as difficult as many of the acrobatics performed by her peers, if not more so. One of her most impressive turns is a double spin with her free leg held in a horizontal position. It is called the Wevers. She won the Netherlands’ first individual Olympic medal in women’s gymnastics. On Sunday, Biles won the vault and became the most decorated gymnast in American history, surpassing Shannon Miller’s 16 world and Olympic medals. In Rio, Biles won the individual   competition and was part of the American squad that won the team competition. She has a chance to win a fourth gold, on floor exercise, on Tuesday. The United States women’s field hockey team saw its bid for an Olympic medal come to an abrupt end on Monday afternoon. In a quarterfinal match against Germany, the United States fell,   eliminating the team from a tournament in which it won four straight   games and knocked off some field hockey heavyweights in the process. Germany took control with two goals in the first 14 minutes, by Marie Mavers and Lisa Altenburg. Four years ago, at the London Games, the United States finished last among 12 teams in the women’s tournament. A new coach, Craig Parnham, came aboard the following year and made the team more fit and more formidable.  —   JAY SCHREIBER Ruth Jebet, a    originally from Kenya, gave Bahrain its first Olympic gold medal on Monday. She clocked the   time in history in the   steeplechase, 8 minutes 59. 75 seconds. Bahrain’s track and field team is composed largely of athletes from East Africa. Jebet was born in Kenya and moved to Bahrain as a teenager. She has several teammates originally from Ethiopia and Nigeria. Two other runners originally from Kenya gave Bahrain   finishes in the marathon on Sunday: Eunice Kirwa placed second, and Rose Chelimo was eighth. It is not uncommon for track athletes to change nationalities for reasons ranging from geopolitics to romance, as Jeré Longman wrote in The New York Times in 2003. It is the norm in table tennis, with players from China populating many nations’ rosters in Rio. Over the past decade, it has become increasingly common for Persian Gulf countries like Bahrain, Qatar and the United Arab Emirates to recruit runners from Africa. Kenya settled for silver in the steeplechase Monday. Hyvin Kiyeng Jepkemoi finished in 9:07. 12. A runner representing Kenya has never won a women’s steeplechase gold at the Olympics. Emma Coburn took the bronze to become the first woman from the United States to win an Olympic medal in the steeplechase.  —   THE NEW YORK TIMES An appeals court ruled early Monday morning that the Russian long jumper Darya Klishina should be allowed to compete in the Rio Games, overturning an   decision by track and field’s world governing body. Klishina will be the lone track and field athlete representing Russia in the Olympics. The track body, the International Association of Athletics Federations, has barred the rest of the team in the wake of revelations of an elaborate,   doping program in Russia. Three days before the   event for which she was registered, Klishina’s participation was threatened. She was barred from the Games on Saturday after an investigation found that a past urine sample of hers had suspicious scratches on the bottle and contained DNA from two people, suggesting it had been tampered with. Klishina, 25, promptly appealed to world sports’ arbitration court. The court ruled in her favor early Monday, after a   hearing at an oceanside hotel here and numerous hours of deliberation. Read the complete article here.  —   REBECCA R. RUIZ ",0
5915,"Ahmad Khan Rahami Was Inspired by Bin Laden, Charges Say - The New York Times","The man who the authorities say set off powerful bombs in Manhattan and on the Jersey Shore over the weekend planned the attacks for months, conducted a dry run just days before unleashing his assault and took inspiration from “Brother Osama bin Laden” and other international terrorists, according to a criminal complaint filed in federal court on Tuesday. The man, Ahmad Khan Rahami, 28, was charged with several crimes, including use of weapons of mass destruction and bombing a place of public use, and the criminal complaint against him outlines how close the attacks came to causing death and even more destruction. The bomb in Manhattan’s Chelsea neighborhood on Saturday night was powerful enough to vault a heavy steel Dumpster more than 120 feet through the air, according to the complaint. Windows shattered 400 feet from where the explosion went off, and pieces of the bomb were recovered 650 feet away. Among the 31 victims  —   two more than first reported  —   one had to have multiple ball bearings removed from her body as well as bits of metal from an ear and wood shards from her neck, the complaint says. The charges came on a day when it was revealed that Mr. Rahami’s father told the authorities two years ago that he feared his son was a terrorist, prompting a review by the Federal Bureau of Investigation that did not find any basis for a fuller inquiry. The complaint says Mr. Rahami was motivated by an extremist Islamic ideology that he recorded in a notebook he had with him when he was shot and wounded by the police in Linden, N. J. on Monday morning before being taken into custody. Pierced by a bullet and splattered with blood, the journal contains screeds against the wars in Iraq and Afghanistan. In one handwritten message, Mr. Rahami pleads that he not be caught before carrying out his planned attacks. “My heart I pray to the beautiful wise ALLAH,” he wrote. “To not take JIHAD away from. I beg. ” Elsewhere in the notebook, the complaint says, he refers to pipe bombs and pressure cookers as well as to shooting police officers. Mr. Rahami writes of “killing the kuffar,” or unbelievers, and praises terrorist figures, including Anwar   once Al Qaeda’s leading propagandist, who died in a drone strike in Yemen, as well as the soldier in the Fort Hood shooting, among the deadliest of the   lone wolf attacks inspired by Al Qaeda. Mr. Rahami had been meticulously planning his attack since at least June, according to the complaint, acquiring the materials he used to construct his weapons, often via eBay, where he was registered as “ahmad rahimi. ” While items like “Ammo Slingshot Steelies” and electric igniters used for fireworks displays might seem harmless, in Mr. Rahami’s hands, they were combined to create tools of potential carnage, the complaint says. Two days before the bombing in Chelsea, according to the complaint, Mr. Rahami recorded video of himself igniting an incendiary device in the backyard of his Elizabeth, N. J. home. The lighting of a fuse, the complaint says, is followed by “billowing smoke and laughter,” before Mr. Rahami is seen entering the frame and picking up the device. David Patton, the chief federal defender in Manhattan, said on Tuesday that his lawyers’ immediate goal was for Mr. Rahami, who remains in the hospital, to appear before a judge “so that he can be informed of the charges against him. ” Late on Tuesday Mr. Patton wrote to the court, asking that Mr. Rahami be given a court appearance on Wednesday at the earliest possible time. If he cannot travel to Manhattan for medical reasons, Mr. Patton proposed a hearing by phone or video conference. The complaint leaves unanswered questions about when Mr. Rahami began to harbor such apparent antipathy for the country he had lived in for years and where he had become a naturalized citizen. As happened with those involved in   cases in Orlando, Fla. San Bernardino, Calif. and Boston, federal authorities had looked into Mr. Rahami’s life well before he launched his assaults. Federal agents first became aware of Mr. Rahami two years ago, when his father shared with them his concerns that his son might be involved in terrorism. The F. B. I. which had been notified about Mr. Rahami by the local police after a domestic dispute involving the family, said in a statement that it conducted a review  —   checking its databases, contacting other agencies and conducting interviews. But the review did not turn up anything that warranted further inquiry, and the matter was closed. Investigators have not discovered any ties between Mr. Rahami and known terrorist groups, and no one has claimed responsibility for his attacks. While the Islamic State is usually quick to claim credit for attacks around the world, organizations linked to Al Qaeda vary widely in when or if they do so. One key area of the investigation involves whether Mr. Rahami had help building the bombs or if anyone knew what he was doing and did not report it. In all, he is linked to 10 explosive devices found in the region. Among those Mr. Rahami praises in his notebook, according to the complaint, is Mr. Awlaki, whose lectures and jihadist declarations are widely available on the web. So, too, is Inspire magazine, which has published detailed instructions for making pipe bombs as well as more sophisticated explosive devices using pressure cookers and Christmas lights, the components used in the New   bombs. Despite being killed in a drone strike ordered by President Obama, Mr. Awlaki remains a powerful influence on   jihadists, especially in the   West. Among his documented admirers were Syed Rizwan Farook, who along with his wife killed 14 people in San Bernardino Omar Mateen, who fatally shot 49 people in an Orlando nightclub and Tamerlan and Dzhokhar Tsarnaev, who staged an attack at the finish line of the Boston Marathon with   bombs in 2013. The authorities are also scrutinizing a number of trips Mr. Rahami made overseas, particularly several to Pakistan. In May 2011, he made a   trip to Quetta, according to law enforcement officials, citing Customs and Border Protection records. In April 2013, he traveled to Quetta again and did not return until March 2014, according to information provided to customs authorities by the New York City police. Mr. Rahami’s wife, Asia, who left the country days before the bombing, is now in the United Arab Emirates. She provided a statement to the F. B. I. according to officials, and the authorities are working to bring her back into the country as soon as possible. The F. B. I. believes Mr. Rahami acted alone but is trying to speak with everyone who knew him. It was unclear when Mr. Rahami married his wife, but after returning from a nearly yearlong visit to Pakistan in March 2014, he was increasingly desperate to get her into the country. He was still in Pakistan when he emailed Representative Albio Sires, Democrat of New Jersey, asking for help getting her a visa, the congressman said. Ms. Rahami’s Pakistani passport had expired, and agents at the United States Embassy in Islamabad discovered that she was 35 weeks pregnant, Mr. Sires said. Ms. Rahami was told she would need to wait until her baby was born before she could apply for United States visas for her and the child. She eventually came to the United States. It was unclear when her visa issue was resolved. But in August 2014, Mr. Rahami got into a fight with his family, during which he stabbed his brother in the leg with a knife, court records show. When the police arrived, Mr. Rahami’s father told them of his concerns about his son’s possible involvement in terrorism. The information was passed to the Joint Terrorism Task Force led by the F. B. I. in Newark. Officers opened what is known as an assessment, the most basic of F. B. I. investigations, and interviewed the father multiple times. They never interviewed Mr. Rahami, who was in jail at the time, according to two law enforcement officials who spoke on the condition of anonymity. The father, Mohammad Rahami, said in an interview that at the time he told F. B. I. agents about his concerns his son was going through a difficult period. “Two years ago I go to the F. B. I. because my son was doing really bad, O. K.?” he said. “But they check almost two months, they say, ‘He’s O. K. he’s clean, he’s not a terrorist.’ I say O. K. ” He added: “Now they say he is a terrorist. I say O. K. ” One official familiar with the inquiry said that the elder Mr. Rahami, after his initial comments about his son, recanted and said he had spoken out of anger. The assessment of Mr. Rahami illustrates the challenges the F. B. I. faces as it solicits information from the public about people who might pose a threat and then must sort through what is credible, while balancing the need to protect the country without overstepping its authority. Depending on the intensity and urgency of an inquiry, there are three types of investigations the F. B. I. can undertake with varying levels of intrusive techniques. The first is an assessment, in which agents use basic techniques like conducting interviews, talking to confidential informers, using physical surveillance and checking databases and public records. Next come preliminary and full investigations, which can be initiated if agents believe a federal crime has been committed or there is a threat to national security. Those investigations can involve polygraphs, undercover agents and mail searches. Both assessments and preliminary inquiries have time limits. A full investigation has no such time limits, but does eventually require review and employs powerful electronic surveillance tools, requiring the approval of a court warrant. Among other things, it allows for the secret interception of international communications. Like Mr. Rahami, one of the Boston bombers, Tamerlan Tsarnaev, was the subject of an assessment in 2011. And just as with Mr. Rahami, the F. B. I. did not generate any additional leads that would have prompted a more serious investigation. The Tsarnaev assessment was one of approximately 1, 000 the Joint Terrorism Task Force in Boston carried out that year. In the Orlando nightclub attack this year, the circumstances were different. Mr. Mateen, who carried out the deadly assault, had made highly inflammatory comments, which came to the attention of investigators, raising the profile of his case to a preliminary inquiry. He told colleagues he had family ties to Al Qaeda and was a member of Hezbollah. During the   investigation, Mr. Mateen was interviewed twice, and the F. B. I. used confidential informers. Still, the bureau found no evidence that his statements were credible or that he had ties to terrorism. While the federal assessment of Mr. Rahami was closed weeks after it began, he did face criminal charges of aggravated assault and illegal weapons possession stemming from the domestic dispute, according to court records. He spent over three months in jail, according to a law enforcement official with knowledge of the investigation. A grand jury, however, declined to indict Mr. Rahami.",0
5916,Did Putin Try to Steal an American Election? - The New York Times,"Some foreign leaders settle for stealing billions of dollars. Russia’s president, Vladimir Putin, may have wanted to steal something even more valuable: an American presidential election. As our election takes a turn that could be drawn from a Cold War spy novel (except it would be too implausible) Putin has an obvious favorite in the race: Donald Trump. “It’s crystal clear to me” that Putin favors Trump, says Michael McFaul, a Stanford professor who was ambassador to Russia until 2014. “If I were Putin, I would rather deal with Trump, too, given the things he has said about foreign policy. ” Look, Democratic Party leaders exchanged inappropriate emails showing bias for Hillary Clinton over Bernie Sanders, and a hacker’s disclosure has properly triggered a ruckus. But that scandal pales beside an effort apparently by a foreign dictatorship to disrupt an American presidential election. It also seems scandalous to me that Trump on Wednesday effectively invited Russia to hack into Clinton’s computers for deleted emails from when she was secretary of state, saying at a press conference, “Russia, if you’re listening, I hope you’re able to find the 30, 000 emails that are missing. ” Yes, Trump is entertaining. But increasingly, the antonym of “gravitas” is “Trump. ” Clinton could have responded by inviting Russia to hack into Trump’s computers and release his tax returns she didn’t because the hack would be illegal and her plea would be unpresidential. In his press conference, Trump also cast doubt on the idea that Russia hacked the Democratic National Committee’s computers. “It’s probably not Russia,” he said, suggesting it might be China, or “some guy with a 200 I. Q. ” So let’s go through the evidence. America’s intelligence agencies have assessed with “high confidence” that Russia’s government was behind the hack, and private security companies have identified two Russian teams of hackers that were inside D. N. C. computers. One team is called Cozy Bear and is linked to the F. S. B. the successor to the K. G. B. and another is called Fancy Bear and is linked to the G. R. U. or Russian military intelligence. Cyber experts are very familiar with both Cozy Bear and Fancy Bear. The next question is whether Russia was also behind the release of the stolen emails to WikiLeaks. Someone using the name Guccifer 2. 0 claimed to be behind the hack, denied Russian involvement and claimed to be Romanian  —   but wrote Romanian badly. ThreatConnect, a private security firm, issued a meticulous report showing that Guccifer used a   VPN (virtual private network) service and displayed other “heavy traces of Russian activity. ” “Guccifer 2. 0 is a Russian propaganda effort,” ThreatConnect concluded. After talking to experts, I have the sense that there’s considerable confidence that Russia is the culprit, but more doubt about whether Putin gave the order and about whether the aim was to benefit Trump or simply to create havoc. “I think the most likely explanation is that someone in Russian intelligence, probably very high up, decided to help Donald Trump,” said Benjamin Wittes, a security expert at the Brookings Institution, but he added that there’s no solid evidence for this. One reason for caution is that history shows that “intelligence community” is sometimes an oxymoron. In the 1980s, the United States accused Russia of conducting chemical warfare in Southeast Asia, citing “yellow rain” in jungles there. Years later, it turned out that this “yellow rain” may have actually been bee excrement. Democrats should be particularly wary of hinting that Trump is some sort of conscious pawn of the Russians, or is controlled by Moscow through financial investments. It’s true that his son Donald Trump Jr. said in 2008 that “we see a lot of money pouring in from Russia. ” But do you really think that if Trump were an agent he would have exaggerated his ties, as he did last year, saying of Putin, “I got to know him very well”? In fact, Trump acknowledged Wednesday, he has never even met Putin. The reason Moscow favors Trump isn’t some conspiracy. It’s simply that Putin dislikes Clinton, while Trump’s combination of international ignorance and catastrophic policies would benefit Putin. In particular, Trump’s public doubts about NATO renounce more than half a century of bipartisan orthodoxy on how to deal with Russia, and undermine the Western alliance that checks Putin. One nightmare of security specialists is Russia provoking unrest among ethnic Russians in Estonia, Latvia or Lithuania and then using rioting as an excuse to intervene. NATO members would be obliged to respond, but frankly it’s not clear that they would  —   and Trump’s loose rhetoric increases the risk of paralysis and a collapse of the alliance. In that sense, Trump poses a national security risk to the West, and that’s reason enough Putin would be thrilled to see him elected president.",0
5917,Montreal’s Pit Bull Ban Is Suspended Until Wednesday - The New York Times,"A Canadian judge on Monday temporarily suspended a new Montreal law that would have prevented residents from adopting or buying pit bulls and would have required anyone who already owns one of the dogs to register the animal, the Associated Press reported. The regulations, approved last Tuesday, were drawn up after a woman was fatally mauled by a dog in June, and they were set to go into effect on Monday across all 19 boroughs in the Canadian city. The bylaw requires owners to pay higher fees for the animals than for   bull types to go through a   check and to keep a muzzle on the dogs outside, even in fenced backyards. “The safety and sense of security of Montrealers are a priority,” Mayor Denis Coderre said in a statement after the vote, which he said provided for more stringent control measures. “I was deeply shocked at the recent events involving dog attacks,” he added. “As a responsible administration, it was our duty to examine this issue closely and make the appropriate decisions. ” But opponents denounce the regulations, saying that they unfairly paint all pit bulls, and those dogs similar in appearance, as dangerous. Opposition council members, animal advocates and social media campaigns have protested, saying that the bylaw does not define “pit bull” and that it uses a   approach that has not worked in Canadian cities before. “We call it panic ” said Sterling Downey, an opposition councilman with the Project Montreal party. The regulations are suspended until Wednesday as Judge Louis Gouin considers a request from the Montreal Society for the Prevention of Cruelty to Animals to throw them out, the Associated Press reported. The group filed a lawsuit on Wednesday against the city, saying it would seek to prevent the regulations from being enforced. It said that the bylaw would discourage adoptions and lead to more dogs being euthanized. The decision to enact the measure came after a    Montreal woman was bitten and killed by a dog in June. A Montreal police spokesman, Benoit Boisselle, said a neighbor found the woman dead in her backyard. The police shot and killed the dog when they arrived because it was too aggressive for the officers to approach, he said in a telephone interview on Friday. He said he did not know the breed of the dog. With their blocky heads and square jaws, pit bulls have a fearsome reputation in popular culture. They have often been portrayed as overly aggressive toward humans, or   fighters and guard dogs. The dogs known by the catchall phrase as pit bulls fall into four breeds: the American pit bull terrier, the American Staffordshire terrier, the Staffordshire bull terrier and the American bully. But pit bulls are also known as any   dog with a blocky head and muscular build. Online, they are either vilified or defended. There are videos of pit bull fights, gruesome bite photographs and archives of attacks. Animal experts say that the dogs’ reputation is unfounded and that blame for aggressive behavior should fall on their handlers. “There is this idea that somehow they are unstable, relentlessly aggressive and treacherous,” said Bronwen Dickey, whose book “Pit Bull: The Battle Over an American Icon” also questioned the basis for the fearful reputation of the animals, such as that they have extraordinarily strong biting jaws and are prone to using them. “There is always this narrative that they turn on you, that they are unpredictable,” she said. The dogs are generally about 65 to 80 pounds. Centuries ago, they were bred to be used in slaughterhouses to prevent bulls from escaping, said Dr. Bonnie Beaver, a professor at Texas AM University’s veterinary medicine college. As terriers, they tend to be territorial and individualistic. “They are not more aggressive than any other dog,” she said in an interview. “But the terriers tend to have, I would call them, a shorter temper,” she said, meaning they switch “from their thinking brain to their emotional brain faster. ” “If the human owner doesn’t have the ability to prevent that switch into the emotional brain, then that dog is off on its own,” she said. “Most of the times when these bans come into effect, it is one or two very tragic events that involved big dogs. ” Harout Chitilian, a council member and the chairman of Montreal’s executive committee, said that since January 2015, there were 426 situations involving dog bites. Of the 362 cases in which the dogs could be identified, about half were pit bulls. “It was a very, very difficult debate, but we looked at the figures,” he said. “We had a choice to be even more harsh, to eliminate ownership, but we recognized that they are part of the family. ” But Mr. Downey noted that the dog in the June attack was registered as a “bulldog” and that there were no DNA tests to prove it was a breed of pit bull or a mixed breed. Certain breeds of dogs have also been banned in the United Kingdom, and in the United States the effectiveness of such laws is controversial because it is not clear whether they work, and they single out one type of animal. Other Canadian boroughs and cities, like Calgary, have tightened measures on animal ownership instead of instituting an outright ban. In Ontario, Ottawa has said it does not enforce the province’s ban, and Toronto is revising its   ban to include dangerous dogs, but not those specific to a breed, Mr. Downey noted.",0
5918,Virgil: The Deep State Hiding in Plain Sight with Full Coverage,"Sometimes the Deep State isn’t so deep.  For something that’s supposed to be submerged, it doesn’t always hide very well.  [For example, veteran journalist Nick Denton was unabashedly candid about Deep State doings when he spoke to the South by Southwest conference in Austin, TX, on March 12:   The fact is, most of the liberal media is working to halt Trump.  They’re getting leaks from sympathetic bureaucrats in the federal bureaucracy, and they are acting as the opposition to Trump. Denton, of course, is best known as the former owner of Gawker, the   site that was on the losing end of a lawsuit filed by Hulk Hogan.  And yet before founding Gawker, Denton had worked at The Financial Times and dabbled in various   enterprises he knows his way around.   So if he says that the Main Stream Media and the bureaucracy are “working to halt Trump,” why not believe him?   To be sure, plenty of MSM journalists still stick to their omertà code —  or at least they try to.  Once such is David Remnick, editor of The New Yorker.  In a new piece, headlined, “There is No Deep State,” Remnick told readers that the issue is Trump, not his enemies.  As Remnick put it, “The problem in Washington is not a Deep State the problem is a shallow man. ” Okay, so that’s the official line: No Deep State here.   And yet then, in his very next sentences, Remnick, like his fellow journo Denton, spilled the beans. That is, he urged the Deep State to rise up against the Dreaded Trump: “Only if government officials take to heart their designation as ‘public servants’ will justice prevail. ”  Thus the unmistakable message to the “permanent government”: Get to work on getting rid of the 45th president. So now we can see a paradox that would be amusing, if it weren’t so scary: The Deep State thrives on secrecy —  most of its   activities are, after all, unethical, if not illegal —  and yet at the same time, journalists are a chatty bunch they aren’t secretive, they’re talkative.   They’re proud of what they’re doing, and, in the end, they don’t really care who knows it.   We should note that this paradoxical volubility is not just on the left.  Some chatterers on the right —  at least the Bush 43 alumni Establishment right —  seem just as determined to deny the Deep State, even as they seek to summon it to action.  One such is the fervently Never Trump Michael Gerson, who, after leaving the White House, became, interestingly enough, a columnist for The Washington Post.  In his March 13 column, Gerson dismissed the Deep State —  and then confirmed it.  First, the dismissal:   Trump’s allies, with the White House’s blessing, have alleged the existence of a “deep state,” conducting what talk radio host Mark Levin calls a “silent coup. ” We can note, above, Gerson’s use of the word “alleged. ” That is, the Deep State is only a figment of fevered imaginations.  And yet then, Gerson went on to say that the Deep State was not only real but, also, that he himself endorsed it.  As he wrote, if the Deep State refers to federal employees who are “unhappy” with Trump, “then many would gladly claim such citizenship. ”   To which Virgil might interject: Yes, Mr. Gerson, that is the point, exactly.  Many, perhaps most, federal employees actively dislike Trump, and, in their phobia, they have achieved a common consciousness.   Moreover, that common consciousness is often a predicate to action, mostly of the subterranean and stealthy kind.  Yet for his part, having conceded that the Deep State is, in fact, a real thing, Gerson tries to spin it another way —  it’s Trump’s fault. Quoth Gerson: “Trump does not face a coup, just a government he has attacked and refused to lead. ” Meanwhile, in the same Washington Post, every day, there appears a box, headlined “Share news tips with us confidentially” the link takes the   leaker to a page offering a choice of six different secure apps.  In other words, the Post is bidding a friendly welcome to sneaky federal employees who wish to dump on Trump.  (It’s worth noting that The New Yorker, too, features such a clandestine link, as do many other publications.) Thus we can see that the MSM is doing everything it can to encourage, aid, and abet Deep State operations.  And from its point of view, why not?   After all, the MSM is fully committed to stopping Trump, and so reporters might be saying to themselves, Who cares if a few norms get trampled, or even if a few laws get broken?  After all, everyone knows that reporters are effectively immune from prosecution, so what’s to lose?   A useful perspective on this MSM mindset comes from Nate Silver, the   analyst, formerly with The New York Times, now at FiveThirtyEight.  Silver himself is not exactly on the right, and yet he is detached enough to offer a clinical perspective.  And so in a March 10 piece, he described what we have all been witnessing as a “liberal media bubble. ”  He noted, for example, that just seven percent of journalists identify as Republicans.  In fact, he added, the concentration of power in the hands of the largest MSM outlets —  that is, those that are most   —  is actually increasing. One of these new media power brokers is MSNBC’s Rachel Maddow.  As Virgil noted on March 3, she is an eager   benefiting from the    assistance of the Department of Homeland Security.  (And, on Tuesday night, she released what’s allegedly Trump’s   return for one year, 2005.)  In the meantime, others within the MSM are eager to help her along.  Hence this March 13 story from the Associated Press: “Fueled by Trump opponents, Maddow’s popularity rises. ”  As the article explained, “Maddow has emerged as the favorite cable news host for presidential resistors in the opening days of the Trump administration,” noting that her audience has doubled in the last year.  Indeed, it’s evident that the left as a whole is finding a new kind of community in  .  The New York Times bannered this cheerleading headline on March 13: “For Solace and Solidarity in the Trump Age, Liberals Turn the TV Back On. ”  As the newspaper explained:   MSNBC, after flailing at the end of the Obama years, has edged CNN in prime time. Stephen Colbert’s openly   “Late Show” is beating Jimmy Fallon’s “Tonight” for the first time. Bill Maher’s HBO flock has grown nearly 50 percent since last year’s presidential primaries, and “The Daily Show” has registered its best ratings since Jon Stewart left in 2015.  Traditional television, a medium considered so last century, has watched audiences drift away for the better part of a decade.  Now rattled liberals are surging back, seeking catharsis, solidarity and relief. So we can see: Individual actors within the Deep State may have to operate in the shadows, but when they go home at night from a hard day of   activity, they can bask in the warm glow of lefty togetherness.   Of course, the Deep State offers other, more formal, rewards for meritorious  .  Notably, the media auxiliary to the Deep State is highly organized and full of prizes.  Just the other day, for example, we learned that the Norman Lear Center at the University of Southern California’s Annenberg School for Communication and Journalism has announced the winners of its 2017 Walter Cronkite Award for Excellence in Television Political Journalism.  The winners include CNN’s Jake Tapper, CNN’s “Reliable Sources” (the whole Brian Stelter show) NBC News’s Katy Tur, and Univision’s Jorge Ramos.  The honorees will receive their awards at the National Press Club in Washington, DC, on April 28.   If we step back and take a look, in this single item we can see many key components of the whole MSM   right there: big donors to liberal institutions (Lear, Annenberg) a prominent university (USC) a liberal icon (Cronkite)   journalists (Tapper, Stelter, Tur, Ramos) and an Establishment venue (the Press Club).  In other words, it’s more than a progressive trifecta, it’s a “ . ”  The message to Deep Staters is clear: If you leak to these journalists, you, too, can share in their   even if you yourself must remain in hiding —  at least until the next Democratic president.   Yes, it’s a powerful system we might dub it the Deep State Main Stream Media Complex.  Or, as the words might be rendered in   Washington, the DSMSMC.   Indeed, this Complex is so powerful that journalists and pundits can’t resist talking about it.  On the one hand, they like to deny that it exists, on the other hand, they like to flaunt it, because they feel more powerful in its presence.  So we can see: The Deep State silently overshadows just about everything else in Washington —  except, of course, that it’s not so silent.",0
5919,"Man Wrongfully Convicted of Murder Awaits His Exoneration, 52 Years Later - The New York Times","A couple of years ago, Paul Gatling, a retired landscaper in Virginia, happened to see an article in a local newspaper about the Brooklyn district attorney’s efforts to identify wrongful convictions. Mr. Gatling, then 79, had himself been wrongfully convicted in 1964 of murdering an artist in the Crown Heights neighborhood of Brooklyn. He spent nine years in prison for the crime until, with the help of the Legal Aid Society, his sentence was commuted by Nelson A. Rockefeller, New York’s governor at the time. Even with the reduction in his sentence and his eventual parole, Mr. Gatling remained, officially, a convicted murderer. Intrigued by the possibility that he might finally be able to clear his name, Mr. Gatling called the lawyer who had handled his commutation and was, some 40 years later, still working for Legal Aid. The lawyer suggested that he write to the district attorney’s office to ask if its new  Conviction Review Unit would   his case. Mr. Gatling did, and his request began an inquiry that led investigators into a tale of legal malfeasance, one that is to culminate on Monday in Mr. Gatling’s formal exoneration. “I wanted to be done with all of this,” Mr. Gatling, now 81, said in a telephone interview last week. “I was still angry about having to spend that time for something I didn’t do. ” Mr. Gatling’s exoneration will be the 20th time in the last two years that the Conviction Review Unit has helped to clear defendants found guilty in Brooklyn of crimes they did not commit. Charles J. Hynes began a similar effort as the district attorney in 2011, but when his successor, Ken Thompson took office in 2014, he renamed the unit and put his support squarely behind it. The review unit initially focused on cases connected to one detective, Louis Scarcella, whose alleged misconduct has called into question nearly 50 murder cases. But as news of the unit’s work has spread, its reach has widened to include cases like Mr. Gatling’s. Mr. Gatling’s ordeal began on Oct. 15, 1963, when a man armed with a shotgun burst into the home of Lawrence Rothbort, an artist who lived on Bedford Avenue with his wife, Marlene, and their two children, a    boy and an infant daughter. According to police reports and, later, testimony at trial, the man demanded money from Mr. Rothbort. When the artist refused, the gunman shot him in the chest. During the investigation, suspicion first fell on Mr. Gatling when one of the Rothborts’ neighbors, a felon named Grady Reaves, informed the police that he had seen Mr. Gatling in the area just minutes after the shooting. When Mr. Gatling was interviewed by detectives in the 80th Precinct (which was later absorbed by another precinct) he told them that he had been paying his rent at the time  —   a fact that his landlord eventually confirmed. A few hours into the interview, Mr. Gatling’s lawyer called the station house, but the detectives told him that he could not see his client until the questioning was complete, court papers say. That same evening, Mr. Gatling, who was    was placed in a lineup with three notably shorter men. Mrs. Rothbort was called in to identify him, but did not pick him out, even though, court papers say, the detectives directed her to focus on “the tall one. ” A few nights later, Mrs. Rothbort went back to the station house as Mr. Gatling was again being interviewed. This time, after seeing him facing questions, she told detectives that he was the man who had killed her husband. Largely on the basis of this identification, Mr. Gatling’s lawyers persuaded him to plead guilty  —   in the middle of his trial. After all, he faced the possibility of being sent to the electric chair. So Mr. Gatling pleaded guilty and was sentenced to 30 years to life in prison. Within a week, however, he had asked the judge to withdraw his plea, but the petition was denied. Over the next few years, there were more petitions, all of them turned down. Finally, in 1973, Malvina Nathanson, a young Legal Aid lawyer, sent a report on Mr. Gatling’s case to Governor Rockefeller. The next year, he commuted Mr. Gatling’s sentence he was eventually released on parole. Forty years later, when the Conviction Review Unit plunged into the Gatling case, most of the witnesses were dead. Investigators had to dig up case files from the city archives and track down copies of police reports on microfiche at 1 Police Plaza. They found that Mr. Gatling had been denied many of the legal protections that defendants take for granted these days  —   the presence of a lawyer during questioning, for example. Perhaps more important, they also found an alternate theory of the case that the jury never heard. It turned out that one of the Rothborts’ neighbors had told the police that their marriage was “not a healthy situation” and that the couple often argued  —   sometimes violently in the middle of the night. Mrs. Rothbort, moreover, told detectives that she was having an affair with a musician who was living as a boarder in their home. When the boarder, Leon Tolbert, was interviewed, he explained to the police that he had recently heard Mrs. Rothbort tell her husband that she would kill him if he ever hit her again. Much of this information was not provided to the defense, and that was cause enough for the district attorney’s office to request a reversal of Mr. Gatling’s conviction. On Monday, he is expected to appear in court for the reversal with, among others, Ms. Nathanson, his lawyer. “It’s restored my enthusiasm,” Ms. Nathanson said last week. She added, struggling for words, “It’s been a lot of years. ”",0
5920,"Syria, Ahmadinejad, United Airlines: Your Morning Briefing - The New York Times","Good morning.  Here’s what you need to know: • Russia vetoed a U. N. Security Council resolution sponsored by the United States, Britain and France which would have condemned last week’s chemical attack in Syria. (China abstained.) The vote reflected how President Trump’s plan to mend ties with Moscow has given way to acrimony. “We may be at an   low in terms of relationship with Russia,” Mr. Trump said, as he met NATO’s secretary general, Jens Stoltenberg, at the White House. President Vladimir Putin sat down with Secretary of State Rex Tillerson at the Kremlin for two hours, despite saying earlier that he would not have time to meet the oil executive. Above, Mr. Tillerson with his Russian counterpart, Sergey Lavrov. _____ • Reports that the Japanese Navy would join a U. S. Navy strike group off the Korean Peninsula added to regional fears of a military strike should North Korea conduct another nuclear test. President Xi Jinping of China took a call from President Trump and urged that the situation be resolved peacefully, CCTV reported, and another   outlet warned the North that China would cut off vital oil supplies in the case of a test. Above, the U. S. aircraft carrier Carl Vinson. _____ • Within the Trump administration, two key figures are on the spot. Stephen Bannon, the chief strategist, appears to be in a   after repeated   with President Trump’s adviser and    Jared Kushner. Mr. Trump has publicly undercut Mr. Bannon, above. Our “Daily” podcast looks at his situation. And Sean Spicer, the White House press secretary, tried to recover from a whopping gaffe, saying his assertion that Hitler, in contrast to the Syrian president, did not use chemical weapons on his people was “inexcusable and reprehensible,” and that the timing  —   during Passover and the Christian Holy Week  —   “compounds that kind of mistake. ” _____ • “No one should ever be mistreated this way. ” That was the chief executive of United Airlines, trying to quell the outcry over a viral video showing a screaming Asian passenger being dragged off an overbooked airplane. But consumers threatened a boycott, lawmakers called for an investigation and, in China, the episode reached more than 770 million views on Sina Weibo. _____ • And let our latest 360 video take you to Bama County, the   longevity capital of China. Eat the   mushrooms. Drink the “longevity water. ” Chat with centenarians and come away feeling hopeful and fresh. Just don’t forget your skepticism: many who are drawn by promises of miracles leave only with disappointment. • The Trump business empire has 157 trademark applications pending in 36 countries, drawing a   lawsuit from a team of constitutional lawyers and ethics lawyers. • Tesla excited investors with its upbeat outlook for delivering a   electric car. Now its chief, Elon Musk, must deliver the goods. • Cathay Pacific, one of Asia’s biggest   airlines, replaced its chief executive officer as it seeks to stem last year’s $74 million loss. • A new ad strategy uses “ ” words in TV commercials to trigger viewers’ smart speakers, like Google Home and Amazon’s Echo. • On the uselessness of job interviews: A management expert argues that recruiters use the process to try to “get to know” people  —   and it doesn’t work. • Coming up: China releases monthly figures for imports, exports and balance of trade. • U. S. stocks were weaker. Here’s a snapshot of global markets. • Iran’s firebrand former president, Mahmoud Ahmadinejad, unexpectedly registered to run in May’s presidential election, a move that could appeal to   who want to curtail accommodations to the West. [The New York Times] • In Italy, the death of a female vineyard worker set off months of   over what the authorities, labor experts and union organizers call an elaborate system of modern slavery. [The New York Times] • Officials with India’s governing Bharatiya Janata Party denounced a member of its youth wing for offering a bounty for the “severed head” of the chief minister of West Bengal state, Mamata Banerjee. [BBC] •  Chinese nationals have been posing as Buddhist monks in Tokyo to prey on foreign tourists, and the Japanese police suspect they are part of a crime ring. [The Asahi Shimbun] • Cassandra Hsiao, a   teenager who grew up in the U. S. is dealing with sudden fame after being accepted by all eight Ivy League schools, as well as Stanford and Johns Hopkins, thanks in part to her essay about learning English as an immigrant. [South China Morning Post] • Is running a part of your morning routine? Good news: It may be extending your life. • Adults who sleep less lose the ability to more effectively ward off ailments. • Recipe of the day: Succulent chicken with mixed mushrooms and cream is as timeless as they come. • Lorde, the New   superstar, is back. Four years after her debut album, the pop prodigy offers “Melodrama,” a testimonial to heartbreak and solitude. •   cats had battle scars. Researchers analyzed tens of thousands of bones retrieved from tar pits to understand the painful price of being a Pleistocene predator. • Finally, if you want to get engaged in Fiji, you’ll be needing a sperm whale tooth. The tabua, as it is known, is associated with good luck and even supernatural powers. Tough whaling laws are making the traditional talismans tough to come by. If you happen to be in Thailand this morning, don’t bother taking a shower: You’ll get soaked anyway as soon as you step outside. Songkran, the water festival that celebrates the Buddhist New Year, officially begins today and continues for several days. In some parts of the country the   has already begun. The celebration, traditionally a time of purification, retains some of its Buddhist beginnings. Many Thais return home for the holiday and observe water cleansing rituals. But the purifying symbol of water has exploded into a countrywide party. People play with water guns and dump buckets of waters from the beds of pickup trucks. Some even bring out the fire hoses. Even last year’s drought couldn’t stop the festivities, though some government officials asked festival goers to downgrade to spray bottles, which befuddled one university student. “Are you kidding me?” said Krit Pongchaiassawin. “I would just get laughed off the street. ” Some Thai traditionalists are worried that the festivities have strayed too far from their origins. This year a government official warned merry makers not to “wear revealing clothes” or dance suggestively. Such transgressions will result in a fine of about $145. Evan Gershkovich contributed reporting. _____ This briefing was prepared for the Asian morning. We also have briefings timed for the Australian, European and American mornings. You can sign up for these and other Times newsletters here. Your Morning Briefing is published weekday mornings and updated online. What would you like to see here? Contact us at asiabriefing@nytimes. com.",0
5921,The #1 Reason Why People Are Voting for Trump,"The #1 Reason Why People Are Voting for Trump 
Can Trump’s candidacy be saved? The American Middle Class better hope so. 
Trump is not a politician. He is not terribly well-spoken, for a politician. Yet, he has turned the globalists upside down as they are in an absolute panic. 
Why are people voting for Donald Trump? The answers lie inside this video.",0
5922,Dr. Squier Wins Appeal but Banned from Telling the Truth in Court about Shaken Baby Syndrome,"Print This Post Dr. Squier Wins Appeal but Banned from Telling the Truth in Court about Shaken Baby Syndrome “…any professional who is prepared to speak the truth and go against the medical establishment in a shaken baby case should also be prepared to lose their career as a consequence.” Image via The Telegraph . 
by Christina England Health Impact News Dr. Waney Squier Wins Her Appeal but Banned from Telling the Truth in Court 
In March 2016, after being publicly humiliated and having her career torn to shreds by the General Medical Council (GMC), pediatric neuropathologist and expert defense witness Dr. Waney Squier was found guilty of “misleading her peers, being irresponsible, dishonest and bringing the reputation of the medical profession into disrepute.” 
However, if the GMC thought that that was the end of the matter, then they were mistaken, because less than eight months later, Dr. Squier was back to appeal their decision, and this time, she was not alone. Over Three Hundred Doctors, Scientists and Lawyers Write Letter of Protest 
After she had been discredited months earlier, 350 doctors, scientists and lawyers rallied together in her support, and in an unprecedented move had written a letter of protest to the British Medical Journal (BMJ) , questioning the GMC’s decision. 
The BBC , reporting on the story, wrote: 
Her supporters believe it is unprecedented to have so many distinguished scientists writing to the BMJ in support of a struck-off doctor. 
Signatories include Prof Peter Fleming, the doctor who cut cot deaths; Sir Iain Chalmers, the pioneer of evidence-based medicine; and Prof Liliane Boccon-Gibod, an internationally renowned paediatric pathologist. 
Professionals were not the only ones demanding answers, because since their decision, the GMC have been bombarded with petitions and letters from parents and supporters from all over the world. 
One extremely powerful letter, written by Protecting Innocent Families , opened: 
We are writing in the defense of Dr. Waney Squier, a pediatric neuropathologist who was struck off the medical register this week for practicing outside her area of expertise, ignoring the opinions of her peers, and bringing the reputation of the medical profession into disrepute with her testimony and written opinions in a series of shaken baby cases she helped defend between 2007 and 2010. 
We know from personal experience that the prevailing model of shaken baby syndrome is flawed, a fact that is also supported by peer-reviewed literature. Although shaking an infant can cause serious injury and death, the presence of the intracranial and retinal findings now associated with shaken baby syndrome does not prove abuse, which is the vital message Dr. Squier brings to the debate. We are dismayed that the Council is sanctioning her for having the courage and intellectual honesty to express her own views, which are not popular but which are founded on solid scientific thinking and the best available evidence. Many of these diagnoses are based on the presence of non-specific findings (thin subdural hematoma, retinal hemorrhages, and encephalopathy) that can be associated with a number of medical conditions and accidental trauma as well as inflicted injury. It is a logical error to conclude that because abuse can cause the findings, the presence of the findings proves abuse. 
After writing several more equally powerful paragraphs, the authors continued by adding that: 
The declaration also scolds Dr. Squier unfairly for her citations of the medical research. In one example, she cited the early biomechanical research of Dr. Anne-Christine Duhaime and colleagues (‘The shaken baby syndrome: A clinical, pathological, and biomechanical study,’ Journal of Neurosurgery 1987 66:409–415) to support her observation that shaking without impact has not been shown to generate sufficient forces to cause brain injury. The panel wrote that Dr. Squier had ‘completely misinterpreted what Duhaime had actually said,’ a conclusion that baffles us. The Duhaime paper was a landmark in the field, because it was the first attempt to test shaking theory scientifically, and the results surprised even the authors, who wrote: 
‘It was concluded that severe head injuries commonly diagnosed as shaking injuries require impact to occur and that shaking alone in an otherwise normal baby is unlikely to cause the shaken baby syndrome.’ 
The letter, signed by a total of 24 outraged parents and professionals, ended with this final paragraph: 
Dr. Squier is a brilliant physician whose work is internationally known and respected by the scientific community, with the exception of child abuse experts. Her professional writing is founded in science and the scientific method. Her acumen, professionalism, and probity are beyond reproach. 
It appears that the overwhelming support for this professional has had the desired effect, because in October 2016, Dr. Waney Squier won her appeal. Dr. Squiers’ Win Tinged with Sadness 
However, despite winning her appeal, as expected, there was a catch, and although Dr. Squier’s name was returned to the medical register, she has been prevented from giving evidence as an expert witness for another three years, which many believe was her punishment for standing up to the establishment. 
In a statement to the Daily Mail , Dr. Squier stated: 
I have been through hell for nearly seven years and I am so grateful to my colleagues, fellow professionals, friends and family for their understanding and forbearance during this long and difficult period. 
I am relieved that my honesty is no longer questioned and that I can put my name back on the medical register, but I feel very resentful about what has happened. 
I have been targeted and singled out by the Metropolitan Police because I have challenged the accuracy of shaken baby syndrome. 
Civil rights lawyer Clifford Stafford-Smith described Dr. Squier’s case as “a witch hunt” and told the Daily Mail that: 
She is still not being allowed to contest the underlying lack of evidence for shaken baby syndrome. This eliminates true science from the courtroom. 
His words are spot on; however, it is a shame that he did not mention the fact that when Dr. Squier had previously given evidence for the prosecution , years earlier, her evidence had always been readily accepted, without question. It was only when she decided to examine the SBS theory in more detail that her problems began. Never Question Authority 
In an article written in 2005, the website Justice Denied stated that in the early part of her career, Dr. Waney Squire had accepted the validity of the SBS theory. 
They wrote: 
Dr. Squier accepted the validity of SBS and testified during a number of trials as a prosecution witness that the existence of the triad of signs supported that the baby had been injured or died as a result of abusive treatment. Lorraine Harris’ trial in 2000 for manslaughter in the death of her four-month-old baby son Patrick was one of the trials during which Dr. Squier testified the triad of SBS signs were present. Harris was convicted and sentenced to three years in prison. 
After Harris’ conviction Dr. Squier learned that the research of British neuropathologist Dr. Jennian Geddes resulted in the discovery that injuries associated with the SBS triad can occur naturally, including that bleeding is triggered in some babies from a lack of oxygen. Dr. Geddes suggested that there should be physical evidence that a baby suffered physical trauma before determining that abuse (SBS) occurred. 
In fact, it was only after studying Dr. Geddes evidence and reading his papers in full that Dr. Squier began to question the validity of the SBS theory. She told Justice Denied: 
A light went on in my head. I became concerned that the whole basis for shaking was poor. 
Dr. Squier decided to re-examine the evidence that she had presented to the court in reference to Lorraine Harris and began to question her decisions. In an unprecedented move, she decided to prepare a report for Harris, explaining how she now believed that her trial testimony was incorrect because her baby had no physical injury and it was possible that the baby had died from natural causes. 
Justice Denied stated: 
Based on the new evidence in Dr. Squier’s report that the jury had not had available, England’s Court of Appeals quashed Harris’ conviction on July 21, 2005. 
Until this point, no one had questioned Dr. Squier and she was thought to be a leading professional in the field of SBS. However, the moment that she began to question the theory and speak out on behalf of parents, things began to change. Three Leading Pathologists Accuse Police of Smear Campaign 
For many years, Dr. Squier has been one of the many professionals who believed that the Metropolitan Police are deliberately discrediting any expert witness who dares to speak out on behalf of the parent in SBS cases. 
In 2011, BBC Today wrote: 
Three leading pathologists have accused the Metropolitan Police of attempting to discredit them as expert witnesses in so-called Shaken Baby court cases. 
About 250 Non-Accidental Head Injury (NAHI) cases go to court every year, with the outcome often relying on a expert testimony from pathologists. 
The Royal College of Pathologists has called for an inquiry into the claims. 
The three professionals, Dr. Waney Squier, Dr. Irene Scheimberg and Dr. Marta Cohen, stated that their evidence was based on a speech given in 2010, by a lead investigator with the Met’s Child Abuse Investigation Command, Detective Inspector Colin Welsh. 
BBC Today stated that: 
The BBC has obtained a version of the speech made at the 11th International Shaken Baby conference in Atlanta, September 2010. 
In this speech, DI Welsh referred to a meeting in 2008 attended by representatives of the police, medical experts and CPS officials at which the ‘impact and effect of contradictory expert evidence’ was discussed. The Met has confirmed the meeting took place but said it was standard procedure following an acquittal in a court case. 
And continued: 
According to a note by a Seattle-based lawyer called Heather Kirkwood, DI Welsh talked about the failure of a number of high profile Shaken Baby prosecutions and stated the number one problem as ‘ defence expert testimony.’ 
He suggested as tactics to question everything about them qualifications, employment history, testimony research papers presented by these experts, and even going to their expert bodies ‘to see if we turn up anything.’ 
To listen to the report in full go to BBC Radio 4, File on Four . 
It certainly appears that Dr. Squier was right to be concerned because ever since that meeting took place, she and her colleagues have faced a barrage of complaints to their governing bodies. 
Sadly, Dr. Irene Scheimberg and Dr. Marta Cohen, have decided to no longer give evidence in SBS cases and in an interview with BBC’s John Sweeney , Dr. Scheimberg explained why. She told the BBC news team that the reason why she no longer gives evidence in the criminal and family court is because she is afraid of the possible consequences. 
This proves only one thing, that any professional who is prepared to speak the truth and go against the medical establishment in a shaken baby case should also be prepared to lose their career as a consequence. 
Comment on this article at MedicalKidnap.com. 
Also read: World Renowned Neuropathologist has Career Destroyed for Disproving Shaken Baby Syndrome Leaving a lucrative career as a nephrologist (kidney doctor), Dr. Suzanne Humphries is now free to actually help cure people. In this autobiography she explains why good doctors are constrained within the current corrupt medical system from practicing real, ethical medicine. FREE Shipping Available! Order here . Medical Doctors Opposed to Forced Vaccinations – Should Their Views be Silenced? eBook – Available for immediate download. 
One of the biggest myths being propagated in the compliant mainstream media today is that doctors are either pro-vaccine or anti-vaccine, and that the anti-vaccine doctors are all “quacks.” 
However, nothing could be further from the truth in the vaccine debate. Doctors are not unified at all on their positions regarding “the science” of vaccines, nor are they unified in the position of removing informed consent to a medical procedure like vaccines. 
The two most extreme positions are those doctors who are 100% against vaccines and do not administer them at all, and those doctors that believe that ALL vaccines are safe and effective for ALL people, ALL the time, by force if necessary. 
Very few doctors fall into either of these two extremist positions, and yet it is the extreme pro-vaccine position that is presented by the U.S. Government and mainstream media as being the dominant position of the medical field. 
In between these two extreme views, however, is where the vast majority of doctors practicing today would probably categorize their position. Many doctors who consider themselves “pro-vaccine,” for example, do not believe that every single vaccine is appropriate for every single individual. 
Many doctors recommend a “delayed” vaccine schedule for some patients, and not always the recommended one-size-fits-all CDC childhood schedule. Other doctors choose to recommend vaccines based on the actual science and merit of each vaccine, recommending some, while determining that others are not worth the risk for children, such as the suspect seasonal flu shot. 
These doctors who do not hold extreme positions would be opposed to government-mandated vaccinations and the removal of all parental exemptions. 
In this eBook, I am going to summarize the many doctors today who do not take the most extremist pro-vaccine position, which is probably not held by very many doctors at all, in spite of what the pharmaceutical industry, the federal government, and the mainstream media would like the public to believe. Read : Medical Doctors Opposed to Forced Vaccinations – Should Their Views be Silenced? on your mobile device! Dr. Andrew Moulden: Every Vaccine Produces Harm eBook – Available for immediate download. Canadian physician Dr. Andrew Moulden provided clear scientific evidence to prove that every dose of vaccine given to a child or an adult produces harm. The truth that he uncovered was rejected by the conventional medical system and the pharmaceutical industry. Nevertheless, his warning and his message to America remains as a solid legacy of the man who stood up against big pharma and their program to vaccinate every person on the Earth. Dr. Moulden died unexpectedly in November of 2013 at age 49. Because of the strong opposition from big pharma concerning Dr. Moulden’s research, we became concerned that the name of this brilliant researcher and his life’s work had nearly been deleted from the internet. His reputation was being disparaged, and his message of warning and hope was being distorted and buried without a tombstone. This book summarizes his teaching and is a must-read for everyone who wants to learn the “other-side” of the vaccine debate that the mainstream media routinely censors. Read: Read Dr. Andrew Moulden: Every Vaccine Produces Harm on your mobile device! on your mobile device! 
Support the cause of Medical Kidnapping by purchasing our new book! If you know people who are skeptical and cannot believe that medical kidnapping happens in the U.S. today, this is the book for them! Backed with solid references and real life examples, they will not be able to deny the plain evidence before them, and will become better educated on this topic that is destroying the American family. 1 Book – 228 pages",0
5923,Whose Side Is Russia On In Syria?,"in: War Propaganda , World News (image credit: ALEXEY DRUZHININ / RIA NOVOSTI / Kremlin pool / AFP) In September 2015, at the behest of its legitimate government, Russia began aerial operations to combat ISIS and al-Nusra terrorists in Syria. Numerous other likeminded groups are involved, just as cutthroat, just as ruthless, just as extremist, masquerading as “moderate rebels” when none exist – supported by Washington, NATO , Saudi Arabia, Qatar, other Gulf States, Jordan, Israel and Turkey. They’re massacring civilians, killing government soldiers defending them, using chemical and other banned weapons, committing gruesome atrocities. Why does it pretend “moderate” fighters are involved when none exist? Why does it insist on separating nonexistent “moderates” from terrorist groups it’s combating when all anti-government forces are the same? Why isn’t it targeting all armed groups wanting Assad toppled and Syrian sovereign independence destroyed? It’s the only way to free the country from the scourge its facing – supported by Washington and its rogue allies, NATO and regional ones. Why did it halt its aerial operations to liberate eastern Aleppo, declaring a unilateral ceasefire, a so-called humanitarian pause – a major blunder, accomplishing nothing? Ongoing since October 18, it’s letting US-supported terrorists infesting the city replenish their ranks, regroup and mobilize for heavy attacks, largely harming civilians Moscow says it wants protected. Last Saturday evening, Russia ended its humanitarian pause because US-supported terrorists in eastern Aleppo prevent civilians from leaving, holding thousands hostage as human shields, including the sick and wounded. Yet it ceased aerial attacks, yielding the advantage to dark forces it’s sworn to eliminate. What kind of strategy gives them the upper hand? It gets worse. On October 26, Russian Defense Ministry spokesman General Igor Konashenkov issued the following statement: “The Russian Aerospace Forces and the Syrian Air Force have been sticking to a moratorium on air strikes for the past eight days. They are staying out of a 10-km (six-mile) zone around Aleppo.” “Six humanitarian corridors, field kitchens and first aid stations are open for civilians leaving eastern Aleppo 24 hours a day.” “Russia and the Syrian government are ready to resume ‘humanitarian pauses’ in Aleppo if they receive guarantees from international organizations confirming readiness to evacuate the sick and the wounded as well as civilian population from the rebel-held areas.” Fact: Maintaining an airstrike moratorium aids Washington, its rogue allies and terrorists in eastern Aleppo they support. Fact: What good are humanitarian corridors if eastern Aleppo residents are prevented from using them, risking death or serious injury if they try. Fact: International organizations have no control over terrorists in eastern Aleppo – or anywhere else in the country. So what good are their “guarantees” if made? Fact: As long as Russia continues making the same mistakes repeatedly, the struggle to liberate Syria will likely go on interminably without resolution – a forever war, while countless thousands more civilians will die, be seriously injured and endure hardships people in Western societies can’t imagine, victims of US imperial ruthlessness. A handful of eastern Aleppo civilians alone escaped via a humanitarian corridor. According to one now free, their relatives were seized, imprisoned and tortured. The only way to liberate thousands of others is by relentlessly smashing their terrorist captors, eliminating them – not giving them breathing room to mobilize for greater attacks. Washington is delighted with Moscow’s ceasefire and humanitarian pause, serving US imperial interests, State Department spokesman admiral John Kirby saying: “We welcome the stated intention to extend this pause, and we hope that this extension will be more successful…than it has been thus far” – meaning the longer it continues, the greater the benefit to US-led dark forces, the worse off trapped Syrians in eastern Aleppo will be, the longer the struggle to liberate Syria will go on. Submit your review",0
5924,Maxine Waters: Trump Is Trying to Start War - ’He Doesn’t Deserve To Be President’ - Breitbart,"Thursday on KNBC 4’s “News at 11 pm,” Rep. Maxine Waters ( ) said President Donald Trump was “using the military to threaten, to basically almost start a war. ”  Water said, “Our Americas should be very concerned about what they see this president doing. He appears to be using the military to threaten, to basically almost start a war. We don’t know what’s going happen over on that peninsula. ” She added, “If he was thinking correctly about this he would want the support of congress but of corse, he doesn’t deserve to be president in the first place. ” Follow Pam Key on Twitter @pamkeyNEN",0
5925,"Left-Behind Explosives Taking Deadlier Toll on Afghan Children, U.N. Says - The New York Times","KABUL, Afghanistan  —   Months after intense fighting between the Afghan government and the Taliban subsided on the outskirts of Kunduz, Hajji Habib Rahmani’s family decided to go ahead with a delayed wedding. Amid the festivities, Abdul Basit, one of the children playing behind the house, picked up an unexploded shell, and it blew up. Basit, 14, and his brother Haroon, 8, were killed, and 12 other children ages 7 to 15 were wounded. The shell had been “fired from a helicopter during the fighting, and it hadn’t exploded,” said Mr. Rahmani, an uncle of the two brothers. On Monday, the United Nations Mission in Afghanistan reported that 2016 had been another year of record civilian casualties in the country, and it expressed particular concern about a 65 percent jump in the number of children killed or wounded by explosive remnants as fighting has spread to heavily populated civilian areas. The report by the United Nations Assistance Mission in Afghanistan, or Unama, said overall civilian casualties had continued their steady increase in recent years. In 2016, 3, 498 civilians were killed and 7, 920 others wounded  —   a rise of 3 percent over the previous year, the report said. “I am deeply saddened to report yet another year of increase in civilian casualties  —   another    figure for the number of civilian casualties,” Tadamichi Yamamoto, the United Nations special representative for Afghanistan and the head of Unama, said at a news conference on Monday in Kabul, the Afghan capital. “The killing and maiming of Afghan civilians is deeply harrowing and largely preventable. ” According to the report, Unama documented “record numbers of civilian casualties from ground engagements, suicide and complex attacks, and explosive remnants of war” in 2016. The report also said casualties caused by aerial operations were the highest since the mission started systematically tracking them in 2009 and had doubled compared with 2015. Afghanistan is still having to clear what remains of the hundreds of thousands of   mines and explosive remnants dating as far back as the   war with the Soviet Union and the subsequent factional fighting, even as newer explosives take lives on a daily basis. Just as the conflict is restricting the movements of demining crews, civilians are being killed and maimed by homemade roadside bombs planted by insurgents, as well as unexploded ordnance left behind by coalition forces around bases they abandoned. And now, more children are dying not long after battles in their neighborhoods have ended, as none of the combatants bother to clear explosive remnants afterward as sought by international conventions. About 61 percent of the civilian casualties are attributed to what Unama calls “antigovernment elements,” largely the Taliban. But civilian casualties caused by local affiliates of the Islamic State also increased tenfold compared with 2015, with 899 casualties claimed by Islamic State in 2016.   forces caused 24 percent of the civilian casualties, the report said, significantly higher than in 2015. The United Nations mission was especially concerned about an overall 24 percent rise in casualties involving children compared with 2015, with 3, 512 such episodes in 2016 causing 923 deaths and leaving 2, 589 wounded. More than half of the child casualties occurred during ground engagements. Afghanistan has successfully carried out one of the world’s largest demining efforts over several decades, removing nearly two million items of explosive material, more than 700, 000 antipersonnel mines and more than 29, 000 antitank mines, according to the United Nations Mine Action Service. The efforts have resulted in a 65 percent reduction in casualties caused by mines and explosive remnants since 2001. But in recent years, as the   international coalition has closed down bases ahead of its withdrawal from the country, more casualties have been reported from ordnance exploding in areas that had been used as firing ranges and then abandoned by coalition forces. From 2009 to 2015, the United Nations recorded 138 casualties resulting from explosive remnant accidents in or around facilities used by the international coalition, and it said that 75 percent of the victims were children. A clearance operation to start getting rid of the explosives was introduced in 2014 to clear dozens of these sites. The United Nations said many of last year’s casualties involving children and unexploded ordnance were caused by new explosive items left behind after recent fighting. “My team tracks the location of every one of the detonations, and the trend we have documented was a direct correlation between casualties from exploded ordnance and areas where the heaviest ground fighting happened,” said Danielle Bell, the director of the human rights unit at Unama. “The majority of casualties resulted from new unexploded ordnance from the current conflict. ” The United Nations is urging the Afghan government to comply with international rules requiring it to clear explosives after a battle.",0
5926,Pre-Passover Attack: Rocket from Egypt’s Sinai Strikes Israeli Greenhouse,"The Times of Israel reports: A rocket fired from Egypt’s Sinai Peninsula struck a greenhouse in southern Israel on Monday morning, the police said. [Though no one was struck by the rocket, a    man who was nearby when it landed suffered an anxiety attack as a result of the attack, the Magen David Adom ambulance service said. The plastic sheeting that served as the roof the greenhouse was damaged, but the structure remained standing.  Just after 11:30 a. m. the incoming missile alarm known as a “Code Red” sounded in the Eshkol region, near Israel’s westernmost tip, at the border with Egypt and the Gaza Strip. After a search of the area, police found the rocket in the community of Yuval, near the Egyptian border, in a greenhouse where tomatoes were being grown. Read more here.",0
5927,Rio Olympics: Ashton Eaton and Usain Bolt Defend Titles - The New York Times,"RIO DE JANEIRO  —   Ashton Eaton likes to view the decathlon as a competition with himself, not with others. By that standard, he lost on Thursday night: failing to approach his own world record score of 9, 045 points over the ten events. But judged by the traditional Olympic measuring stick, his performance in Rio was very much a success. Though he was pushed harder than expected by the young,   Frenchman Kevin Mayer, Eaton still defended his Olympic title. His total of 8, 893 points tied an Olympic record and was plenty for a gold medal in the traditional   test of speed, skill, strength and endurance. Eaton joined Bob Mathias of the United States and Daley Thompson of Britain as the only men to win two Olympic decathlon gold medals. Eaton also joined his wife Brianne   as a medalist in Rio.   who trains with Ashton under coach Harry Marra, represents Canada and won a bronze medal last week in the heptathlon, the   women’s competition. Eaton, a    from Oregon, overcame a string of injuries  —   nagging and more significant   this season to defend his decathlon title, including a torn hamstring shortly before the United States Olympic Trials. The struggle to get healthy may explain some of his performances in Rio in the explosive sprint and jumping events which have helped him establish his dominance. He set no personal best in any event in Rio. His   time of 46. 07 seconds on Wednesday night was more than a second off his time of 45. 0 at last year’s world championships in Beijing when he ran the fastest 400 in history by a decathlete on his way to the world record. His javelin throw on Thursday night of 59. 77 meters was nearly seven meters short of his   mark. Meanwhile, Mayer, 24, a former world junior decathlon champion, spent the two days and nights of the competition breaking personal records in bunches. After outperforming Eaton in the pole vault (5. 40 meters to 5. 20) and in the javelin (65. 04 meters to 59. 77) Mayer headed into the final event, the 1500 meters, trailing Eaton by the small margin of 44 points. But Eaton, a much more accomplished middle distance runner at this stage, was able to secure the gold without much suspense. Though Eaton did not beat himself in terms of the world record, he did beat himself in Olympic terms: improving on his winning score of 8869 points from the 2012 Games in London. Usain Bolt of Jamaica won the gold medal in the men’s 200 meters at the Rio Olympics on Thursday night, further cementing his standing as the most dominant sprinter in history. On a   track, Bolt made winning his eighth career gold medal look easy. No one came close. His time: 19. 78 seconds, well ahead ofAndre De Grasse of Canada, who took silver in 20. 02. Christophe Lemaitre of France won bronze in 20. 12. “I don’t need to prove anything else,” Bolt said. “What else can I do to prove to the world I am the greatest?” Here’s how Bolt blew away the field. Second Chance at Relay: The American women’s   relay team dropped the baton in a heat but got a second chance because a Brazilian runner had encroached on their handoff. Later in the day, on an otherwise empty track, the team was allowed to rerun the race by itself against the clock: If it went faster than the   team it would advance to the final. This time the runners held on to the baton and duly qualified for Friday’s final. . Want all the results in Rio? Go here. A security guard brandished a gun after four American swimmers vandalized a gas station bathroom, Brazilian police officials said Thursday, illuminating many aspects of an incident that has spiraled into a thorny legal case testing the relations between Brazil and the United States. The chronology described by the police seemed to suggest that one of the swimmers, Ryan Lochte, had not fabricated his version of the night’s events entirely but rather had exaggerated certain aspects and left out key details. Lochte had said that after leaving a party early Sunday, he, Gunnar Bentz, Jack Conger and Jimmy Feigen were robbed by men claiming to be police officers. The police officials said that “there was no robbery in the way it was reported by the athletes” and that “they were not the victim of the criminal act they described. ” On Wednesday, a Brazilian judge issued an order to prevent Lochte and Feigen from leaving the country as doubts emerged over their testimony. But Lochte had already returned to the United States. Here’s the complete article. Triathlon: Britain has had a strong Games, keeping the momentum it built as the home nation in 2012, and it added to its medal haul in the men’s triathlon with the brothers Brownlee  —   Alistair, who repeated his gold medal performance from London, and Jonathan, who won silver. Volleyball: The world champion American women’s team lost a   semifinal to Serbia,   and will compete for the bronze medal on Saturday. Wrestling: The United States got its first wrestling medal of the Games, a gold one for Helen Maroulis in the   category. Maroulis beat Saori Yoshida of Japan,   in the final. Yoshida had won three straight Olympic gold medals and is often considered to be one of the greatest female wrestlers ever. Beach Volleyball: The Brazilians have been loud and supportive of all their competing countrymen and women. But when the Brazilian team of Alison Cerutti and Bruno Schmidt plays for men’s beach volleyball gold against Paolo Nicolai and Daniele Lupo of Italy, Copacabana Beach figures to be rocking particularly hard. Boxing: The American boxer Shakur Stevenson advanced to the final of the men’s bantamweight division when Vladimir Nikitin of Russia withdrew with an injury. Nikitin had defeated Michael Conlan of Ireland in the quarterfinals, a decision that produced howls of disagreement from the crowd and claims of match fixing from Conlan. The federation running the boxing tournament at the Olympics reassigned its executive director, a day after a handful of judges were sent home for making questionable rulings in a few bouts. The decision by the federation  —   the International Boxing Association, known as AIBA  —   to remove its executive director, Karim Bouzidi, seemed to be the latest move to stanch criticism of judges who have been accused of making dubious decisions to favor boxers from certain countries. AIBA did not say why Bouzidi was being moved to a different position, although the supervision of referees and judges fell under his purview. Franco Falcinelli, the most senior vice president at AIBA, will oversee the operations of the remainder of the tournament, which runs through Sunday. Read the article here.  —   KEN BELSON and SCOTT BLUMENTHAL",0
5928,Interview with Top Putin Advisor Nikolai Patrushev,"Taming the corporate media beast Interview with Top Putin Advisor Nikolai Patrushev 
Patrushev is the Secretary of the National Security Council   Sputnik 
In an exclusive interview for Sputnik, Russian Security Council Secretary Nikolai Patrushev offered his assessment of the main threats facing the world, and Russia's plans to deal with them. Given the Security Council's status as an advisory body reporting to the president, Patrushev's word is basically the Kremlin line on national security issues.The Security Council is charged with working out the president's decisions on national security affairs. In this light, Sputnik asked Secretary Patrushev to lay out his views regarding the security situation in the world today, and the regions which he sees as the most problematic. 
""The situation in the world is not becoming any easier,"" the official admitted. ""There is a growing competition for global influence and the use of global resources."" 
At the same time, Patrushev added, ""the excessive ambitions of some countries is provoking new challenges and security threats in a variety of regions around the world, and creates serious obstacles to the creation of bilateral and multilateral efforts aimed at resolving crisis situations."" 
Major Threats to Russia: NATO Buildup, Terrorism, Tensions in the Korean Peninsula 
Asked to list the main threats to Russia's security, Patrushev cited first and foremost the continued buildup of NATO's military capabilities, ""along with efforts to endow this organization with global functions."" Threats to Russia include ""the spread of [NATO] military infrastructure on Russia's borders, the deployment of new types of weapons, and the creation of a [US] global missile defense system."" 
Other threats Moscow takes seriously include the ""unprecedented threat"" of global terrorism, represented first and foremost by the Daesh (ISIL/ISIS) terrorist group. 
""Syria, Iraq, Libya, Yemen, Afghanistan and several other states have become the arenas in which Daesh is fought,"" the official noted. ""Since fall 2015 and on the request of the legitimate Syrian government, Russia has been actively involved in the destruction of the terrorists on the territory of the Syrian Arab Republic."" 
Stressing the need for international cooperation on this issue, Patrushev noted that ""it is obvious that our efforts in and of themselves will be insufficient; the fight against such evils requires collective efforts uniting the entire international community. We have said this many times, and are prepared for cooperation with all interested parties."" 
Other areas of concern to Moscow at the moment include tensions in the Korean Peninsula, caused not only by Pyongyang's actions, but by Washington's response as well. 
""The US is using the actions of the North Korean leadership to their advantage. Under the pretext of protection against the North Korean military threat, Washington is strengthening their presence in Northeast Asia, thus further inflaming the atmosphere through the demonstration of force – by means of vigorous military exercises with Japan and South Korea, together with the desire to place elements of its global missile defense system in the region."" 
Finally, last but certainly not least, Patrushev noted that Russia cannot help but be concerned by the ongoing crisis in Ukraine. ""Two years ago, Ukraine joined the list of regional hotspots. Washington and Brussels actively assisted the organization of an anti-constitutional coup d'état in Kiev. The end result has been a smoldering civil war in the country's east, which Ukrainian authorities do not want to stop, and which they sabotage by failing to fulfill their obligations."" 
Russia's 'Vision of Global Security' in Five Easy Steps 
Asked how Russia hopes to react to this difficult and complicated global security picture, the Security Council secretary stressed that Russia is guided by a relatively straightforward ""vision of global security."" 
""Its essence is simple, and includes the primacy of international law, the priority of the peaceful resolution of conflicts within the existing frameworks of international organizations, led by the United Nations, the inadmissibility of backroom agreements and unilateral actions, bloc politics, and the unacceptability of interference in the internal affairs of sovereign states."" 
As far as the Security Council's role is concerned, Patrushev explained that the body's main task revolves around identifying challenges to national security, and promoting multilateral dialogue to finding solutions. ""Dialogue is developed within the framework of the Commonwealth of Independent States, the Collective Security Treaty Organization, the Shanghai Cooperation Organization and the BRICS. We explain to our partners our view of the current situation, engage in the exchange of information between security services, and participate in the creation of new formats and areas of work."" 
Proud of the Security Council's achievements, Patrushev explained that among its serious initiatives is the organization of an annual forum attended by senior security services representatives from other nations. ""This year, the seventh such forum took place in Chechnya; delegations from 75 states took part. A number of agreements were signed in areas including the fight against terrorism and extremist ideologies, drug trafficking, transnational crime, and threats to information security.""All in all, the official noted, ""our main goal is to ensure Russia's interests – to create the conditions for sustained economic and social development, and to strengthen sovereignty and constitutional order."" At the same time, ""Russia has avoided and will continue to avoid any interference in the internal affairs of sovereign states. However, this does not mean that we will allow someone else to export his or her own problems to our country. Such attempts will be stopped firmly and resolutely."" 
Russian-US Cooperation Contingent on Only One Condition 
In recent months, some US officials and media have engaged in a demonization of Russia never before seen in the modern era, while putting political and military pressure on countries which are friendly to Moscow. Asked whether constructive cooperation between Russia and the United States is still possible, Patrushev stressed that the answer is still 'yes', and requires only one condition to be met: mutual respect. 
We are ready to cooperate with our American partners on the basis of equality and mutual respect for one another's interests. Right now, Russia is listed among the main threats to US national security. We cannot but be surprised by kinds of criteria Washington thinks in, when it puts Russia on a par with Daesh and Ebola in its national security strategy. 
Unfortunately, Patrushev noted, ""when such sentiments prevail in the minds of American politicians, and when these stereotypes are projected onto ordinary citizens by the media, it is hardly possible to establish a full and comprehensive dialogue on a wide range of issues."" 
The methods of defense against the supposed 'Russian threat' also raise questions, according to the official. ""You mentioned the deployment of elements of missile defense on our borders. From these installations it is possible to launch cruise missiles, whose range includes many facilities of Russia's strategic [nuclear] infrastructure. The US naturally denies this capability, but do not offer any real arguments."" 
""Earlier, Washington stated that European missile defense was directed against Iran. In that case, a legitimate question arises: Why was the base at Deveselu, Romania commissioned after progress had been made in the Iranian case?"" 
Patrushev stressed that broadly speaking, ""Russia proceeds from the idea that in the present international situation, isolation is equally counterproductive to attempts to isolate other players."" 
Accordingly, he noted that he was optimistic that eventually, things will improve. ""As the experience of recent history has shown, Russian-US relations will return to normal sooner or later; this is the case because their further degradation is contrary to the interests of both Moscow and Washington."" 
NATO Policy: Dusting Off the Cold War Playbook 
Naturally, any improvement in relations will have to include a revision of NATO policy toward Russia. Asked whether the doctrinal changes approved at NATO's July summit in Warsaw were a sign that the alliance has resumed its 'tough line' against Moscow, Patrushev stressed that a Security Council evaluation of summit documents reached a surprising conclusion: that no major revision to NATO military doctrine has taken place; in fact, the alliance simply never renounced the doctrine it had during the Cold War period of confrontation between two superpowers. 
""Take a look at the kinds of terms used [by NATO]: 'containment', 'intimidation', 'rollback'– does this language really correspond to the image of an organization with a global reach and multilateral competencies?…Such concepts are more suited to a traditional military-political bloc, whose priority is the subordination of weaker states to the will of the strongest in the interests of solving the latter's problems."" 
Unfortunately, Patrushev noted, NATO seems to be deliberately ignoring the genuine threats to Euro-Atlantic security, while focusing on the illusory threat of Russia. This, he suggested, is epitomized by NATO's Warsaw Declaration on Transatlantic Security, which lists Russia as a threat from the very first paragraph, while mentioning Daesh, which has actually carried out numerous attacks on European soil, only in the eighth, and even then only in the context of the use of AWACS reconnaissance aircraft. 
Nevertheless, ""Russia continues to use the Russia-NATO dialogue platform, and to work on bilateral agreements on the prevention of incidents on the high seas and in the air."" Ever the optimist, Patrushev stressed that he was confident ""that with the joint efforts of the world community, it will eventually become possible to build an effective architecture of common and indivisible security, in which military and political blocs will become a useless anachronism."" 
Syria: Victim of Double Standards 
Finally, asked about the Syrian crisis, and what it will take to see it peacefully resolved, Patrushev said that he views Syria as a ""victim of double standards"" in the global fight against terrorism, with Western countries and some regional powers pursuing their own interests to Syria's detriment. ""The losers in this game are the Syrian people,"" the official stressed, adding that Russia considers the humanitarian aspect, including the delivery of aid supplies, to be crucial at this stage. 
As far as militants are concerned, Patrushev explained that ""apart from Daesh, the Nusra Front also represents a serious threat…According to UN data, more than half of the militants operating in Aleppo belong to this group. Renaming itself Jabhat Fatah al-Sham did not turn this group into 'moderate opposition'. Whatever a group calls itself, if it uses terrorists methods, it has no place at the negotiating table, and must be destroyed."" 
Nusra's destruction depends on its dissociation from the so-called moderate opposition, Patrushev stressed. ""However, in spite of all the Russian-US agreements on this issue, Washington has demonstrated an inability, or perhaps an unwillingness, to fulfill its many promises."" 
""Recent examples offer proof: despite the Syrian government's withdrawal of its troops from Castello road, Washington-backed moderate opposition groups not only failed to take similar steps; they refused to let UN aid convoys through. We also remember how on September 17, the US mistakenly (or so they said) attacked Syrian government troops surrounded by Daesh at Deir ez-Zor."" 
Essentially, Patrushev suggested, Russia has been left with the unpleasant feeling that the intensive Russian-US negotiations on Syria ""were used by Washington [merely] to delay time to allow the militants to regroup. Today we see the result: more and more groups on Syrian territory which had worked with the US have merged with Nusra."" 
Final Thoughts: Terrorism Doesn't Respect State Borders 
Ultimately, the Russian Security Council secretary stressed that Moscow ""has not lost hope that a constructive point of view can still prevail in Washington. We are ready on the level of defense ministries to consider possible additional measures to normalize the situation in Aleppo."" 
Moscow is ready to cooperate in this regard, Patrushev noted, because ""terrorism has never recognized state borders. What is happening today in Syria, Iraq, Libya, Yemen and Afghanistan could be repeated in other countries tomorrow.""",0
5929,ISIS: Mortal Threat Or Paper Tiger?,"Written by Daniel McAdams Thursday November 3, 2016 If ISIS is such a mortal threat to the United States, why has US military action in Iraq and Syria been proceeding at such a leisurely pace? Is it possible that ISIS and al-Qaeda in Syria are being used -- or even supported -- by the US and its allies as a ""regime change"" weapon against Syria's Assad government? The US pursued this policy before, when it used Saudi-trained radicals to fight a Soviet-backed government in Afghanistan. Those radicals became al-Qaeda... Copyright © 2016 by RonPaul Institute. Permission to reprint in whole or in part is gladly granted, provided full credit and a live link are given.",0
5930,Obstacles to Trump’s ‘Growth’ Plans,"Obstacles to Trump’s ‘Growth’ Plans November 21, 2016 
Rust Belt voters turned to Donald Trump in hopes he could reindustrialize the U.S., but the President-elect’s plans could encounter major financial and geopolitical obstacles, says ex-British diplomat Alastair Crooke. 
By Alastair Crooke 
We are plainly at a pivotal moment. President-Elect Trump wants to make dramatic changes in his nation’s course. His battle cry of wanting to make “America Great Again” evokes – and almost certainly is intended to evoke – the epic American economic expansions of the Nineteenth and Twentieth centuries. 
Trump wants to reverse the off-shoring of American jobs; he wants to revive America’s manufacturing base; he wants to recast the terms of international trade; he wants growth; and he wants jobs in the U.S. – and he wants to turn America’s foreign policy around 180 degrees. The run-down PIX Theatre sign reads “Vote Trump” on Main Street in Sleepy Eye, Minnesota. July 15, 2016. (Photo by Tony Webster Flickr) 
It is an agenda that is, as it were, quite laudable. Many Americans want just this, and the transition in which we are presently in – dictated by the global elusiveness and search for growth (whatever is meant now by this term “growth”), clearly requires a different economic approach from that followed in recent decades. 
As Raúl Ilargi Meijer has perceptively posited , greater self-reliance “is the future of the world, ‘post-growth’, and post-globalization. Every country, and every society, needs to focus on self-reliance, not as some idealistic luxury choice, but as a necessity. And that is not as bad or terrible as people would have you believe, and it’s not the end of the world … It is not an idealistic transition towards self-sufficiency, it’s simply and inevitably what’s left, once unfettered growth hits the skids. … 
“Our entire world views and ‘philosophies’ are based on ever more and ever bigger and then some, and our entire economies are built upon it. That has already made us ignore the decline of our real markets for many years now . We focus on data about stock markets and the like, and ignore the demise of our respective heartlands, and flyover countries … 
“Donald Trump looks very much like the ideal fit for this transition … What matters [here] is that he promises to bring back jobs to America, and that’s what the country needs … Not so they can then export their products, but to consume them at home, and sell them in the domestic market …There’s nothing wrong or negative with an American buying products made in America instead of in China. 
“There’s nothing economically – let alone morally – wrong with people producing what they and their families and close neighbours themselves want, and need, without hauling it halfway around the world for a meagre profit. At least not for the man in the street. It’s not a threat to our ‘open societies’, as many claim. That openness does not depend on having things shipped to your stores over 1000s of miles, that you could have made yourselves, at a potentially huge benefit to your local economy. An ‘open society’ is a state of mind, be it collective or personal. It’s not something that’s for sale.” 
A Great Wish 
That’s Trump’s ostensible great wish, (it seems). It is not an unworthy one, but things have changed: America is no longer what it was in the Nineteenth or Twentieth centuries, neither in terms of untapped natural resources, nor societally. And nor is the rest of the world the same either. 
Mr. Trump rather unfortunately may find that his chief task will not be the management of this Great Re-orientation, but more prosaically, fending off the headwinds which he will face as he hauls on the tiller of the economy. 
In short, there is a real prospect that his ambitious economic “remake” may well be prematurely punctured by financial crisis. 
These headwinds will not be of his making, and for the main part, they lie beyond human agency per se . They are structural, and they are multiple. They represent the accumulation of an earlier monetary doctrine which will fetter the President-elect into a small corner from which any chosen exit will carry adverse implications. 
Ditto for anyone else trying to steer any ship of state in this contemporary global economy. Paradoxically – in an era moving toward greater self-sufficiency – what success Trump may have, however, will likely depend not on self-reliance so much as he would like. 
For his foreign policy about turn, he will depend on finding common interest with Russian President Vladimir Putin (that should not be too hard) – and for the economic “about turn” – on Trump’s ability not to confront China, but to come to some modus vivendi with President Xi (less easy). 
“Things are not what they were.” Complexity “theory” tells us that trying to repeat what worked earlier – in very different conditions – will likely not work if repeated later. In the Clinton era, for example, 85 percent of the U.S. population growth derived from the working-age population. The headwind that Trump will face is that, over the next eight years, 80 percent of the population growth will comprise 65+ year olds . And 65+ year olds are not a good engine of economic growth. This is not an uniquely American problem; it is a global trend too. 
“The peak growth” (according to Econimica blog), “in the annual combined working age population (15-64 year/olds) among all the 35 wealthy OECD nations, China, Brazil, and Russia has collapsed since its 1981 peak. The annual growth in the working age population among these nations has fallen from +29 million a year to just +1 million in 2016 … but from here on, the working age population will be declining every year … These nations make up almost three quarters of all global demand for oil and exports in general. But their combined working age populations will shrink every year, from here on (surely for decades and perhaps far longer). Global demand for nearly everything is set to suffer. ” (FFR stands for Federal Funds Rate: i.e. the US key interest rate) Source: http://econimica.blogspot.it/2016/11/trump-lies-no-different-than-obama-or.html 
And then there is China : It too is passing through a difficult “transition” from the old economy to an “innovative” one. It too, has an aging population and a debt problem (with a debt-to-gross domestic ratio reaching 247 percent). Trump argues that China deliberately holds down the value of its currency to gain unfair trade advantage, and he further suggests that he intends to confront the Chinese government on this key issue. 
Again, Trump does have a point (many nations are managing their exchange rates precisely in order to try to “steal” a little bit extra growth from the diminished global pot). But as noted at Zerohedge, citing the analysis of One River Asset Management executive Eric Peters: 
“What’s good for the US in this case [the rising dollar and interest rates in anticipation of ‘Trumponomics’], is not good for emerging markets (EMs). Emerging markets benefit from a weaker dollar, and you’re not going to get that. Emerging markets benefit from global capital flows moving in their direction and that’s not happening either. Back in February, emerging markets were in sharp decline, driven by (1) a strong dollar, (2) rising US interest rates, and (3) slowing Chinese growth. Then China spurred a massive credit stimulus, the Fed became wildly dovish, and the dollar declined sharply. 
“Interest rates collapsed throughout the year. As the growing pool of dollar, euro and yen liquidity searched for a decent return, it headed to emerging markets. Trump has reignited the dollar rally, and his fiscal stimulus will force interest rates higher. This reversed everything. [the dollars are heading home] 
“And to be sure, the Beijing boys don’t want to see material weakness ahead of next autumn’s Party Congress. But we’re currently near peak impulse from China’s Q1 stimulus.” 
In short, Peters is saying that, with the appreciating dollar and rising interest rate environment, growth from emerging markets as a whole will falter, since emerging markets have effectively leveraged their economies to Chinese growth. It used to be the case that they were closely tied to U.S. growth, but it is now China which dominates the EMs’ trade flows [i.e. without China growth, the EMs languish]. The question is, can America reboot its growth whilst China and the EMs languish? It is another structural shift, whereas heretofore, it was vice versa: without U.S. growth, the EMs and China languished. Now it is the converse. 
Hollowed-Out Economies 
There are other structural changes of course which will make it harder for the industrially hollowed-out economies of the West to recuperate jobs off-shored earlier. Firstly, there has been a systemic shift of innovation and technology eastwards (often to a more skilled and better-educated workforce). This represents not only an economic event, but a redistribution of power too. In any case, technology in this new era is being more job destructive than creative. 
In one sense, Trump’s economic plan to “get America working again” through massive debt-financed, infrastructure projects, harks back to the Reagan era, which was also a period in which the dollar was strong. But yet again, “things today are not what they were then.” Inflation then was at 13 percent, Interest rates were around 20 percent, and crucially, the U.S. debt to GDP ratio was a mere 35 percent (compared to today’s estimate of 71.8 percent or 104.5 percent with external debt included). 
Then, as Jack Rickards has suggested , the strong dollar was deflationary (deliberately so), and interest rates had nowhere to go, but down. It was the beginning of the three decades’ bond boom, which finally seems to have come to an end, coincident with Trump’s election. Today, inflation has nowhere to go but up – as have interest rates – and the bond market, nowhere to go, but (perilously) down. 
Growth and Jobs? 
Can Trump then achieve growth and jobs through infrastructure expenditure? Well, “growth” is an ambiguous, shape-shifting term. The first chart shows both sides of the equation … the annual GDP growth and the annual federal debt incurred, spent, and (thus counted as part of the growth) to achieve the purported growth. Source: http://econimica.blogspot.it/2016/11/trump-lies-no-different-than-obama-or.html 
The second chart shows the annual GDP minus the annual growth in federal debt to achieve that “GDP growth.” In other words, unlike in the earlier Reagan times, more recently, the debt is producing no growth – but … well … just more debt, mostly. 
In fact, what the second chart is reflecting is the dilution – through money “printing” – of purchasing power: away from one entity (the American consumer), through the intermediation of the financial sector, to other entities (mostly financial entities, and to corporations buying back their own shares). This is debt deflation: the American consumer ends having less and less purchasing power (in the sense of residual discretionary income). 
The point here is that “growth” is becoming rarer everywhere. Russia and China, like everyone else, are in search for new sources for growth. 
As Rickards has said, debt is the “devil” that can undo Trump’s whole schema: a “$1 trillion infrastructure refurbishment plan, along with his proposal to rebuild the military, will — at least in the short-term — significantly increase annual deficits. In fact, deficits are already soaring; the fiscal 2016 budget hole jumped to $587 billion, up from $438 in the prior year, for a huge 34% increase…in addition to this, Trump’s protectionist trade policies would implement either a 35% tariff on certain imports or would require these goods to be produced inside the United States, at much higher prices. For example, the increase in labor costs from goods made in China would be 190% when compared to the federally mandated minimum wage earner in the United States. Hence, inflation is on the way.” 
In sum, self-sufficiency implies higher domestic costs and price rises for consumers. Source: http://www.zerohedge.com/news/2016-11-16/saudis-china-dump-treasuries-foreign-central-banks-liquidate-record-375-billion-us-p 
Debt will rise. And there is seemingly already a buyers’ strike against U.S. government debt underway: well over a third of a $1 trillion worth of Treasuries were disposed of, and sold in the year to Aug. 31 by foreign Central Banks. 
And who is buying it? (Below, the chart shows what this purchasing looks like, as a percentage of total debt issued by the Treasury). Well, foreign central banks have disappeared. (The Chinese have not bought a U.S. Treasury bond since 2011.) (Above: who purchased the marketable debt as a percentage, by period)Source: http://econimica.blogspot.it/2016/11/trump-lies-no-different-than-obama-or.html 
It is the American public who are buying. Will they be willing to take on Trump’s $1 trillion infrastructure spree? Or, will it be “printed” in yet another dilution of the American consumer’s purchasing power? The question of whether the infrastructure splurge does give growth hangs very much in the balance to such answers. (Equity shares in construction firms will do okay, of course). 
The bottom line: (Michael Pento, Pento Report ): “If interest rates continue to rise it won’t just be bond prices that will collapse. It will be every asset that has been priced off that so called ‘risk free rate of return’ offered by sovereign debt. The painful lesson will then be learned that having a virtual zero interest rate policy for the past 90 months wasn’t at all risk free. All of the asset prices negative interest rates have so massively distorted including; corporate debt, municipal bonds, REITs, CLOs, equities, commodities, luxury cars, art, all fixed income assets and their proxies, and everything in between, will fall concurrently along with the global economy. 
“For the record, a normalization of bond yields would be very healthy for the economy in the long-run, as it is necessary to reconcile the massive economic imbalances now in existence. However, President Trump will want no part of the depression that would run concurrently with collapsing real estate, equity and bond prices.” 
A Pending Financial Crisis 
Trump, to be fair, has said consistently throughout the election campaign that whoever won the Presidential campaign to take office in January would face a financial crisis. Perhaps he will not face the “violent unwind” of the QE and bond bubble as some experts have predicted , but many more – according to Bank of America’s survey of 177 fund managers over the last six days, and controlling just under half a trillion of assets – expect a “stagflationary bond crash.” 
This has major political implications. Trump is setting out to do no less than transform the economy and foreign policy of the U.S. He is doing this against a backdrop of many of the followers of the liberal élite, so angered at the election outcome, that they reject completely his electoral legitimacy (and, with the élites themselves staying mum at this rejection of the U.S. democratic process). Movements are being organized to wreck his Presidency (see here for example). If Trump does indeed experience a severe financial “unwind” at a time of such domestic anger and agitation, matters could turn quite ugly. 
Alastair Crooke is a former British diplomat who was a senior figure in British intelligence and in European Union diplomacy. He is the founder and director of the Conflicts Forum, which advocates for engagement between political Islam and the West.",0
5931,"The 2017 Class Divide, as Dissected by a New ‘One Day at a Time’ - The New York Times","In the first episode of “One Day at a Time,” Netflix’s reboot of the   Norman Lear sitcom, Penelope (Justina Machado) has an argument with her    son, Alex (Marcel Ruiz) who wants an expensive new pair of sneakers. “Mom,” he says, “I know we’re not rich. But are we poor?” It’s a casual line that sets up a joke. (Penelope reminds Alex that they have a TV, a refrigerator and a laptop. “Those are things poor people have!” he says.) But it’s based on an acknowledgment you don’t really hear in prime time anymore: that there is a class divide, nebulous but real, and that your family is closer to the bad side of it. The new “One Day at a Time,” arriving on Friday, is lively and full of voice, a rare reboot that’s better than the original. It’s a throwback in the best sense, to an era of mainstream, socially engaged   sitcoms. And just as the political debate has pitted diversity against class in a   contest, it’s a reminder that the two aren’t mutually exclusive. In the 1970s, TV was full of characters living paycheck to paycheck, whether cabbies (“Taxi”) waitresses (“Alice”) auto mechanics (“Chico and the Man”) or brewery workers (“Laverne and Shirley”). Mr. Lear, the sitcom maestro of the era, produced a suite of shows like this: “All in the Family,” “Good Times,” “Sanford and Son. ” Mr. Lear, an   populist liberal, made   TV about the little guy. In part, the programming reflected the economy of the time. The average American wage peaked in 1973, and the middle class was broader. But, as income inequality began to grow in the 1980s and ’90s, TV, like any neighborhood buffeted by market forces, got gentrified. Advertising rates became increasingly tied to audience demographics, which made poorer viewers less valuable. Basic cable fragmented the viewership  —   more shows, made for smaller niches  —   and premium networks like HBO focused on series about the kind of people who could afford to pay for networks like HBO. TV courted upscale audiences by showing them versions of themselves. Goodbye, Roseanne Conner hello, Carrie Bradshaw. With few exceptions (like ABC’s “The Middle”) sitcoms moved into offices, cafes and living rooms populated by comfortably   characters. (A recent “ ” slyly acknowledged this remove its affluent parents were mortified when their youngest son took an aptitude test that pegged him as a future “skilled laborer. ”) Work  —   nonprofessional,     work  —   became the stuff of   reality TV (“Deadliest Catch”). Just as actual labor became increasingly invisible to consumers, shunted off overseas or hidden through     people entered TV through the poor door, or not at all. With “One Day at a Time”  —   like “Fuller House” and “Gilmore Girls,” another product of Netflix’s drive to exhume our every nostalgic memory  —   peak TV is restoring something of what peak TV took away: the kind of family that buys discounted meat at the grocery store and whose old car stalls when you turn on the  . The original “One Day at a Time,” based on the   Whitney Blake’s experience as a divorced mother, was lighter and more disposable than “All in the Family. ” (I still have warm memories of Mackenzie Phillips and Valerie Bertinelli duetting on “Don’t Go Breaking My Heart,” but let’s not kid ourselves.) But it spoke to the times. Compared with Mr. Lear’s outspoken Maude, Ann Romano (Bonnie Franklin) expressed her feminism practically  —   bouncing from job to job, getting the rent paid and raising two independent girls. (This was in 1975, just five years after it was deemed too outrageous to have Mary Richards be divorced in “The Mary Tyler Moore Show. ”) The update, which Mr. Lear produces with Gloria Calderón Kellett and Mike Royce, moves the setting from Indianapolis to Echo Park, Los Angeles, and reimagines the family as  . (Mr. Lear’s   remake of his own work recalls how he adapted the British “Steptoe and Son” as “Sanford and Son,” with an   cast.) Gloria Estefan reprises the theme song, now syncopated. There’s a   third generation: a   Rita Moreno as Penelope’s   mother, Lydia. The    daughter, Elena (Isabella Gomez, a charmer) is a school debate champ who sees her coming quinceañera as a tool of the patriarchy. The omnipresent apartment super, Schneider (Todd Grinnell)  —   played in the original by Pat Harrington, with a mustache that defined ’70s    —   is now a stubbly   hipster whose dad owns the building. The most productive rethinking involves Penelope, a veteran of Afghanistan who works as a medical assistant. The war ended her marriage  —   she separated from her husband, also a soldier, who developed a drinking problem from stress  —   and left her with anxiety and a bum shoulder. The show understands, in a way comedies about more privileged families don’t have to, that circumstances shape choices and exact costs. Despite the   laughs, the series works best in   dramedy mode. The season has a serial arc, and Ms. Machado (previously of “Six Feet Under”) handles the emotional material with a light touch. One of the strongest episodes is built around a long, frustrating phone call with the Department of Veterans Affairs as Penelope tries to wrangle a chiropractor referral. The   humor is clunkier. Stephen Tobolowsky carries some familiar workplace subplots as Penelope’s   boss, and the show leans heavily on Ricky   jokes about Lydia’s accent. Still, if the comedy can be dated, the retro approach  —   multicamera, theatrical,    —   feels current, as the headlines recall the tumult of the ’70s and the   seems to be tweeting from Archie Bunker’s armchair. (One of the season’s themes, immigration, lands harder, if differently, from the way it might have before the election.) Of course, one sitcom can represent only so much. Scripted TV still neglects   rural America, though Netflix has lately stepped into that gap with “The Ranch. ” NBC’s affable workplace sitcom “Superstore” speaks to an economy that, campaign rhetoric aside, is more about service and retail jobs than about assembly lines. Maybe they’ll have company soon: ABC, for instance, is talking about making its programming more    after the election. If efforts like this manage to find us the next “Roseanne,” that’s all good. But the new “One Day at a Time,” which arrives while Hispanic TV families are still a rarity, also casually refutes the lazy postelection punditry that “ ” is a euphemism for “white,” that there is an   choice between the “identity politics” of representing the underrepresented and a   focus on people’s economic struggles. If TV can help divided Americans see one another better, it’s by telling more specific stories of every kind. It’s true that we don’t see enough   people on TV, or military veterans or Hispanic families. And guess what? Sometimes, this “One Day at a Time” reminds us, you find all those people under the same roof.",0
5932,Comment on Scientists Find A Plant That Could Treat Diabetes & Kill Cancer Cells by Scientists Find A Plant That Could Treat Diabetes & Kill Cancer Cells – Collective Evolution | SFO,"  More recently, bitter melon juice was shown to kill pancreatic cancer cells in vitro and in mice in a study done by the University of Colorado. Considering the results were seen in both in vitro and in vivo tests, the effectiveness of bitter melon juice in treating pancreatic cancer, and potentially other cancers, at a clinical level are promising.[ 1 ] “IHC analyses of MiaPaCa-2 xenografts showed that BMJ(Bitter Melon Juice) also inhibits proliferation, induces apoptosis and activates AMPK (adenosine monophosphate-activated protein kinase) in vivo . Overall, BMJ exerts strong anticancer efficacy against human pancreatic carcinoma cells, both in vitro and in vivo , suggesting its clinical usefulness.” Pancreatic cancer is one of the most difficult cancers to treat due to the fact that it is often discovered late, leaving very little time to treat. Since traditional therapies (chemotherapy, radiation, surgery etc) were not showing promising results and littler advancement was being made, researchers have been looking elsewhere to find treatment. Interestingly, cannabis, specifically cannabinoids, have been shown to induce apoptic (programmed) death of human pancreatic cancer cells in vitro and stop pancreatic tumor growth in vivo.[ 4 ] Cannabis is perhaps one of the most popular treatments being aggressively pursued right now given its promising results both in labs and anecdotally. Scientific Evidence   Many cancerous tumors have insulin receptors which move glucose to cancer cells helping them to grow and divide. Studies have shown that insulin encourages pancreatic cancer cells to grow in a dose dependant manner, since bitter melon has been shown to help regulate insulin levels, this could help prevent pancreatic cancer over the long-term. The Colorado University study was led by Dr. Rajesh Agarwal. They examined effects of bitter melon on 4 different lines of pancreatic cancer cells (in vitro) and in mice. For the in vivo studies, mice were injected with pancreatic tumor cells and were randomly divided into one of two groups. One group of mice received water, which was the control group, and the other group was given bitter melon juice for six weeks. [6] Researchers studied the tumors at the end of the study and results showed that bitter melon juice not only inhibited cancer cell proliferation but also induced apoptosis (programmed cell death). Compared to the control, tumor growth was inhibited by 60% in the treatment group and there were no signs of toxicity or negative effects on the body. With toxicity and negative effects being a huge role in traditional mainstream treatments, this was positive to see. Diabetes A number of clinical studies have been conducted to evaluate the efficacy of bitter melon for treating diabetes. Since it is believed that diabetes is a precursor for pancreatic cancer, researchers felt bitter melon could treat diabetes as well after seeing pancreatic cancer results. In 2011, results of a four week long clinical trial were published in the Journal of Ethnopharmacology that showed modest hypoglycemic effects and significant fructosamine management for those taking 2000mg/day of bitter melon. As published by the study: “Bitter melon had a modest hypoglycemic effect and significantly reduced fructosamine levels from baseline among patients with type 2 diabetes who received 2,000 mg/day. However, the hypoglycemic effect of bitter melon was less than metformin 1,000 mg/day.”[ 3 ] Another study published in 2008 in the international journal Chemistry and Biology indicated that compounds in bitter melon improved glycemic control, helped cells uptake glucose and improved overall glucose tolerance. This study was done in mice and led to promising advancements in treating diabetes and obesity with bitter melon.[ 4 ] In contrast, a study published in the Journal of Clinical Epidemiology in 2007 did not show significant benefit of the treatment of diabetes by bitter melon but 2 years later in the British Journal of Nutrition it was stated that “more, better-designed and clinical trials are required to confirm the fruit’s role in diabetes treatment.” Since that 2007 study, more studies have been done to show beneficial effects which perhaps was a result of better design. Conclusion When it comes to bitter melon juice, the current research available is showing strong results for specific types of cancer cell destruction, diabetes treatment and potential prevention of pancreatic cancer. Further research and clinical trials would be helpful to better understand how effective this plant can be and in what specific cases. It remains a very promising option that could be explored under the correct supervision. Other Uses of Bitter Melon Bitter melon has been used as a traditional medicine for a long time. It has been used to treat: colic, fever, burns, chronic cough, painful menstruation and skin conditions.[ 5 ] 
The Sacred Science follows eight people from around the world, with varying physical and psychological illnesses, as they embark on a one-month healing journey into the heart of the Amazon jungle. 
You can watch this documentary film FREE for 10 days by clicking here. 
""If “Survivor” was actually real and had stakes worth caring about, it would be what happens here, and “The Sacred Science” hopefully is merely one in a long line of exciting endeavors from this group."" - Billy Okeefe, McClatchy Tribune",0
5933,"Raccoons in Central Park Draw Crowds, and Warnings to Stay Away - The New York Times","Like a little crew of   bandits, the first few raccoon faces poked out of the underbrush on a recent evening in Central Park, their masked, button eyes glowing with each flash of a smartphone camera. Undaunted, several of the animals scuttled onto the walkway toward the picture takers. They were followed by more raccoons  —   and then still more. All told, 22 raccoons clustered on a path near the southeastern edge of the park, where it meets 59th Street in Manhattan. They strolled around while a gaggle of onlookers tried to pose for selfies with them. Some people fed the animals soft pretzels from a pushcart by hand, as the raccoons stood on their hind legs to wrest morsels from their admirers’ fingertips. “Is this normal?” Karen Newis, 56, a visitor from Greensboro, N. C. asked her sister Stefanie Price, who lives in Manhattan, as they passed the raccoons. One of the animals gingerly tiptoed toward a baby in a stroller, sniffing. “No, it’s not normal,” Ms. Price, 48, said. “They’re so cute, though. ” In fact, the throng of raccoons at the edge of the Pond in Central Park has become something of a tourist attraction, with unofficial visiting hours each evening.   with their winter fur (and, perhaps, all those pretzels) in pairs or in dozens, the nocturnal animals gambol on the pathway as soon as it gets dark. They look for   with snacks. The practice of feeding them, however   is frowned upon by New York City’s parks department and wildlife experts. While not illegal (though feeding bears, moose and deer is in New York State) it is risky for people and creatures alike: Raccoons can carry rabies, and emboldened raccoons that do not stay in the underbrush can get themselves into trouble. “Do not feed raccoons or any wildlife you might encounter in parks!” Sarah Aucoin, chief of education and wildlife for the parks department, wrote in an email. “Animals are best observed from a distance  —   it keeps both them and you safe. ” In 2010, there was a large outbreak of rabies among raccoons in Central Park. And on Staten Island in 2015, four cases were reported, according to the city’s health department. This year, three rabid raccoons have been reported  —   one each in the Bronx, Queens and Staten Island  —   and 311 has received 1, 153   inquiries, such as how to remove them from backyards. Raccoons are not just attracting attention in Manhattan trappers in Brooklyn may have exacerbated a problem by catching them in backyards and releasing them in parks. For animals like raccoons, and even coyotes, living in urban areas is normal, but feeding them should not be, according to the state Department of Environmental Conservation. It publishes a   booklet called “Feeding Wildlife   …     Just Say No!” It is also not necessary. “Raccoons are resilient and have an uncanny ability to find food in the wild,” Benning DeLaMater, a spokesman for the department, said in an email. “They are true omnivores, eating plants, animals and insects. ” Nonetheless, on a nightly basis the raccoons in Central Park stuff themselves with anything   have on hand. On a recent evening the animals snacked on organic gummy bears, tossed at them    by a toddler from her stroller potato chips and a piece of a hot dog. Occasionally, they get a bonanza. A local baker frequently comes to hurl   stale bagels in their direction. As night fell, Fernando Caligaris, 29, brought his mother, Dr. Maria Caligaris, who was visiting from São Paulo, Brazil, into the park to see the animals. When her son, who works nearby, told her about the little raccoon army near his office, she added a stop on her sightseeing itinerary. “The Metropolitan Museum, the Museum of Natural History, the Brooklyn Bridge,” Dr. Caligaris said. “And the raccoons. ” Emerging from the bushes, the raccoons often surprise the hordes of Pokémon Go players who have taken to strolling in Central Park at night, including Leonardo Altafini, 28, an actor who lives in Fort Greene, Brooklyn. He was wandering around with his friends, expecting that digital creatures, not actual ones, would pop up along the paths. “They’re like little Pokémon!” Mr. Altafini said, looking up from his screen to see a raccoon nearing his leg. He stopped to marvel at the balls of fur and striped tails at his feet  —   for a moment. “There’s a Squirtle down here!” a friend yelled, referring to one of the digital monsters. They headed off after the virtual creature, leaving behind the nearly   raccoons, each sniffing for more to eat.",0
5934,CNN: Trump Pushes Congress to Quickly Fund Wall - Breitbart,"Deputies for   Donald Trump are pressing Hill Republicans to appropriate funds by April for a quick start to the construction of a border wall, according to CNN. [The quick spending for the wall would be legally authorized by a   2006 law, which allows the federal government to build 700 miles of   fencing on the border.   “It was not done in the Obama administration, so by funding the authorization that’s already happened a decade ago, we could start the process of meeting Mr. Trump’s campaign pledge to secure the border,” GOP Rep. Luke Messer told CNN. But the Hill appropriations would break a promise, CNN says:  The move would break a key campaign promise when Trump repeatedly said he would force Mexico to pay for the construction of the wall along the border. In fact, Trump did not claim he would force Mexico to pay the initial costs of the wall, which likely will reduce the huge financial and civic costs imposed by illegal immigration on American communities. Trump’s demand for quick funding from Congress may help the administration overcome   opposition from Democratic and GOP legislators who may try to slow and delay Trump’s border enforcement priorities. So far, senior GOP leaders have promised they will support Trump’s demand for border security, but they have resisted growing public pressure  —   and his campaign promise  —   to reduce legal immigration and companies’ use of  .  “We want President Trump to have all the tools he needs to build the wall,” Rep. Steve Scalise of Louisiana, the    Republican in the House leadership, told CNN on Thursday.  We’re in talks with him on the details of it as they’re still putting together their team. We still got a few months before there’s another funding bill that’s going to move. We’re going to work with him to make sure we can get it done. We want to build a wall. He wants to build a wall. Once the wall’s construction is underway with U. S. funding, Trump will be better positioned to extract some form of payment from Mexico. Illegal immigration costs American taxpayers $113 billion a year, according to a 2010 estimate. The annual legal immigration of   workers also costs Americans many billions in welfare, and reduces salaries and wages.  The   drug trade also imposes huge costs on American communities. ",0
5935,Re: 13 Year Old: “If Donald Trump Had A Brick For Every Lie Hillary Has Told He Could Build TWO Walls”,"Donald Trump and called out Hillary Clinton for her many lies. 
""I bet if Donald Trump had a brick for every lie Hillary has told he could build two walls,"" she told the enthusiastic crowd in attendance. 
""As a thirteen year old even I know Hillary Clinton is working for her own success and ways to control my life, my family’s life and your lives… She wants to make it Hillary’s America… not The Peoples’ America,"" she added. 
Indeed, Hillary Clinton has told about as many whoppers in her lifetime as her husband Bill, whose famous lie was ""I did not have sex with that woman, not one time."" Her lies also compete in close proximity to those of Barack Hussein Obama Soetoro Sobarkah . 
There is definitely a great joke here that two walls could be built if Hillary's lies were combined, but the sadder reality is that she's even being considered for the White House. In fact, it's amazing that she can get any support. Oh wait, perhaps the only support she actually has come from people she pays to support her, and even that seems to be with reluctance .   shares",0
5936,Democrats’ Weak Bench Undermines Hope of Taking Back Senate - The New York Times,"WASHINGTON  —   Senate Democrats, aware of the dead weight that Donald J. Trump has placed on their vulnerable Republican colleagues, can taste a reclaimed majority. But just as Senate Republicans blew their chances in 2010 and 2012 before finally taking control in 2014, Democrats find themselves hobbled by    candidates in races that could make the difference in winning a majority. In Pennsylvania, Katie McGinty, a relatively unknown former federal official who has never held elective office, is ahead in polls but lags Hillary Clinton’s large lead in the state. In Florida, a nasty primary between two flawed candidates could harm the Democrats’ chance to unseat Senator Marco Rubio. Several   Democrats turned down the chance to challenge Senator Richard Burr of North Carolina before they settled on a civil liberties lawyer, Deborah Ross, who is not necessarily a good fit for suburban voters there. Catherine Cortez Masto, a Democrat and former state attorney general now running for an open seat in Nevada, has also failed to catch fire. To challenge    Senator Charles E. Grassley of Iowa, Democrats settled on    Patty Judge. Senator Rob Portman’s Democratic challenger in Ohio, former Gov. Ted Strickland, is 75, an easy target for Mr. Portman’s taunting nickname, “Retread Ted. ” The Democrats’ problem stems from a depletion of their ranks in state legislatures and governors’ mansions over recent years and a lack of institutional support for    politicians who represent a changing base. “Democrats cannibalize each other when they lose those seats and don’t have new talent to fill them,” said Daniel A. Smith, a professor of political science at the University of Florida. “Here and in Pennsylvania and Wisconsin and North Carolina are states that should have Democratic   legislatures, and the fact that they don’t not only marginalizes Democrats, but also makes it increasingly hard to build a farm team. ” Republicans, of course, find themselves in a fundamental conflict between Mr. Trump’s populist insurgents and traditional conservatives. But Democrats are mired in their own struggle, as they try to identify future stars who can appeal to a base increasingly insistent on a progressive agenda. Florida’s Senate Democratic primary this Tuesday pits a bombastic, populist liberal, Representative Alan Grayson, against the establishment’s pick, Representative Patrick Murphy, in the kind of showdown that analysts expect to see in the party’s future. “Democrats are going to have their own Tea Party moment in 2018,” said Jennifer Duffy, a senior editor and Senate analyst for The Cook Political Report. “I don’t think they are going to put up with the party dictating who their candidates are. ” The issue was highlighted this year when Senator Bernie Sanders of Vermont found considerable success by running against the sort of incremental liberalism of President Obama and Mrs. Clinton. Mrs. Clinton followed that pattern with her selection of Senator Tim Kaine of Virginia, who is to the right of many progressives, as her running mate. While some    Democrats like Senators Cory Booker of New Jersey and Kirsten E. Gillibrand of New York had speaking spots at the party’s convention last month, none had the prominence of Mr. Obama in 2004, when he gave the keynote speech that lifted him to national prominence. “The bench is not apparent right now,” said David Axelrod, the chief strategist for Mr. Obama’s presidential campaigns. “There are some impressive young leaders, but who among them is the next presidential nominee I can’t answer. A lot of them are not there yet. ” “Democrats have done a poor job, and I take my share of responsibility here, in not being as focused as Republicans have on building at the grass roots,” Mr. Axelrod said. “Look what the G. O. P. and their related agents have done with legislative and City Council and school board races. They are building capacity, and Democrats have paid the cost. ” Many promising young Democrats in the House have been frustrated by the reluctance of Representative Nancy Pelosi, the minority leader, and her aging deputies to step aside and let new members ascend to leadership  —   one of the few rewards for a minority party in the House. “I was on the recruitment committee, and a lot of candidates decided to take a pass,” said Representative Karen Bass, Democrat of California. She added, “There are people who are new to Congress and have a difficult situation because they are not going to be there for 20 years. ” Some simply leave. “I was one of the few Democrats not to support Nancy Pelosi for leader,” said Representative Gwen Graham, Democrat of Florida, who is retiring after one term and planning to run for governor. “We need new voices. ” Representative Chris Van Hollen of Maryland, once considered a potential House speaker, is running for the Senate. Democratic ranks have also been decimated in state governments across the nation, where new leaders tend to plant roots for future higher office. After the 2008 elections, Democrats controlled 62 of the 99 state legislatures today, Republicans control 68 chambers, according to Governing magazine. Over the same time period, the number of Democrats in governor’s mansions fell from 28 to 18. In both cases, Republican control is now at or near historic highs. Democrats point out that they have strong leads in Senate races in Illinois, Indiana and Wisconsin, and that most analysts believe the party is in a strong position to retake the chamber. They also note that many of their candidates are raising more money than their Republican rivals. “Because of our recruitment work, Republicans are forced to spend money and energy in states they never dreamed would be competitive,” said Sadie Weiner, a spokeswoman for the Democratic Senatorial Campaign Committee. Mrs. Clinton, some Democrats argue, is trying to make   more of a priority by coordinating closely with   races, carrying their campaign literature when canvassing, sharing office space and helping them raise money. These efforts are particularly forceful in Nevada, where Republicans hold a narrow legislative majority, and in Colorado, where the legislature is closely divided between the two parties. “The organizing our volunteers and staff are doing in all 50 states will not only help elect Democrats in November but also build the party’s bench and infrastructure for the future,” said Lily Adams, a spokeswoman for the Clinton campaign. The rise of term limits in legislatures has hurt both parties’ efforts to create a ready pool of future senators and eventual presidential contenders. “There is a big bench out there,” said Hannah Pingree, the former speaker of the Maine House of Representatives, who lost her position to term limits and is now taking a break to raise her children. “Lots of women and young people get   out,” she said. Widely viewed as a rising star in her party  —   her mother, Chellie Pingree, is a member of Congress  —   Ms. Pingree, 39, hopes to find her way back. Democrats have also complained that the party has not worked hard enough to promote an agenda that is appealing to the party’s growing base of progressive whites, nonwhites and millennials, fearing that such policies could turn off older, more traditional Democratic voters. Stacey Abrams, the minority leader of the Georgia General Assembly, called that the “fear that is inherent in transitions. ” She is considered one of the party’s brightest young stars, in no small part because she has unseated five Republicans in the Georgia legislature. “This is a party that is comprised of what is being referred to as the new American majority,” she said. “Those are progressive whites, people of color and millennials. We have to focus our politics on turning out those voters. ”",0
5937,What to Make of the ‘Davos Class’ in the Trump Era - The New York Times,"DAVOS, Switzerland  —     Donald Trump has never been invited here. Neither has Nigel Farage, the British politician who led the Brexit campaign. The World Economic Forum  —   an annual gathering of global policy and business leaders, who come to debate the world’s great challenges  —   gets underway here Monday night as the shifting political trends toward nationalism and against a sense of globalism are raising renewed questions about the relevance of the elites known as the “Davos class. ” It is this group of   plutocrats that largely failed to anticipate  —   and may have even unconsciously generated  —   the seeping   movement across the globe. Every January, a glittering array of the cognoscenti descend on the Alps: the     Bill Gates, the   of Microsoft the billionaire investor George Soros Jack Ma, the founder of China’s   giant, Alibaba and  —   until recently  —   Angela Merkel, the chancellor of Germany. An assortment of Hollywood actors including Angelina Jolie, Leonardo DiCaprio and Matt Damon have made the pilgrimage over the years to promote their nonprofit work. And the conversations tend to be dominated by issues like inequality, climate change and the economic challenges facing developed and emerging countries. This year, the guest list includes names like President Xi Jinping of China Vice President Joseph Biden JPMorgan Chase’s chief executive, Jamie Dimon the head of the International Monetary Fund, Christine Lagarde and former Vice President Al Gore. And yet missing from these   conversations have been meaningful challengers or critics of the underlying theme that was seemingly stipulated from the birth of this event 46 years ago: Globalization has the potential to benefit everyone. “Trump’s election victory is a clear indication that the majority of people are not interested in a world government, but want to return to a classical, local democracy,” John Mauldin, an economic researcher and author, recently wrote. “Strange as it may seem to the Davos men, most people tend to love their ‘patria,’ the land of their fathers. ” Dissenting voices like those of Mr. Trump and Mr. Farage have rarely been part of the discussion  —   though perhaps that will change. Theresa May, Britain’s new prime minister, will attend this year, as will some of Mr. Trump’s advisers. But the victories of Mr. Trump and the Brexit campaign can be viewed as a rebuke of “Davos Man,” a name that Samuel Huntington, the Harvard political scientist, gave attendees in 2004, describing them as “transnationalists” who “have little need for national loyalty, view national boundaries as obstacles that thankfully are vanishing, and see national governments as residues from the past whose only useful function is to facilitate the elite’s global operations. ” The middle class in the United States and Britain  —   and perhaps in France if Marine Le Pen, the   presidential candidate who has also never been invited to Davos, wins this spring  —   clearly haven’t felt the benefits of the   world encouraged by multinational corporations that allows both immigration and commerce to take place without friction. “They have witnessed the rise of the Davos class, a   network of banking and tech billionaires, elected leaders who are awfully cozy with those interests, and Hollywood celebrities who make the whole thing seem unbearably glamorous,” Naomi Klein, a columnist for The Guardian, wrote in a searing analysis of the American election in November. She described the failure of “elite neoliberalism” to address the economic challenges of the masses. “Success,” she wrote, continuing to describe the middle class, “is a party to which they were not invited, and they know in their hearts that this rising wealth and power is somehow directly connected to their growing debts and powerlessness. ” The Davos Man has either failed to properly articulate the benefits of open trade  —   or the reality of open trade is more complicated than previously imagined. In a nod to this new reality, the World Economic Forum has put together an index of what it calls inclusive growth and development, which measures 109 countries according to their progress on economic growth and reducing income inequality and breaks out subsets of those countries to compare with different data sets. According to the index, median income actually declined by 2. 4 percent between 2008 and 2013 across the 26 advanced economies where data is available, which may help explain the shifting political winds. “It’s our response to how capitalism has failed us  —   and how we need to fix it,” said Adrian Monck, a member of the forum’s executive committee. The United States ranked 23rd out of 30 advanced economies. In terms of wage and nonwage compensation, it ranked last in social protection, it came in 25th. It also came in 25th on “intermediation of business investment”  —   in other words, the amount of money that goes into productive investments, such as research and development and infrastructure as opposed to share buybacks. (Norway ranked No. 1. Living standards there rose by 10. 6 percent from 2008 to 2013 while the economy grew only 0. 5 percent.) Mr. Monck defended the idea of a globalist approach. “The benefits of globalization are there to see, in jobs in China, India and many emerging markets,” he said. “Billions of people owe better lives to it. ” He invoked Klaus Schwab, the founder of the World Economic Forum. “What hasn’t been listened to in Davos is persistent warnings from people like Klaus that the benefits need to be shared, and that you can’t have    capitalism,” Mr. Monck said. Still, he acknowledged that the invitation list of insiders is by design. “We always want the most comprehensive political attendance in Davos, to help support   cooperation, which is what we do,” he said. “That inevitably means current, serving political figures. There are politicians in office now  —   and coming to Davos  —   who reflect this emergent agenda that you’ve seen in the U. S. ” For example, he said, leaders from Poland, Finland, Portugal and even Switzerland  —   where the Swiss People’s Party was an early example of the shift in the political landscape  —   will be on hand this week. A bevy of Mr. Trump’s advisers and members of his business council are expected to attend, including Anthony Scaramucci, who joined the  ’s White House staff as an adviser and public liaison to government agencies and businesses. He will be joined by Stephen Schwarzman, chairman of the Blackstone Group and also of Mr. Trump’s President’s Strategic and Policy Forum. Four Trump cabinet nominees have been to Davos in years past: Rick Perry (energy) once Rex Tillerson (state) three times Robert Lighthizer (trade) 15 times and Elaine Chao (transportation) four times. A few people who were once   crusaders  —   like Ms. May of Britain  —   are now insiders. And, depending how the political winds shift, more people of her ideological ilk may join the Davos class in 2018. This is not the first time that the World Economic Forum has come under fire from critics about its globalist,   message. In 2000, a group of more than 1, 000 demonstrators carrying signs that said “Against the New World Order” smashed the windows of a McDonald’s franchise here in Davos just down the road from the conference, protesting open trade policies espoused by   Bill Clinton, who was speaking at the event. Many of today’s policy makers and executives gathering here are expected to speak about the rise of populism and the need to adjust economic incentives. Hamdi Ulukaya, the chief executive of Chobani, the yogurt company, is expected to encourage business leaders to do more to address wealth building among employees he provided shares in his company to every   employee, making many of them millionaires. The question, of course, is whether those discussions can ever get beyond the theoretical for a group that is seen by many   voters as out of touch with the real economic challenges that people face. Conversations about income inequality, for example, have long had a tinge of class envy as opposed to a real appreciation for the basic jobs and wages that people are seeking. Still, with the word “Davos” being tossed around as an epithet, some politicians are staying away from the Alps this year. Ms. Merkel, for example, has passed on attending now for two years in a row, in the face of continued criticism among German voters that she is too much of a globalist. So why do so many policy makers and executives still covet an invitation? Because Davos remains the world’s   shop to meet leaders from all corners of the globe. And despite the critiques of the gathering, a remarkable amount of business  —   both political and corporate  —   takes place behind the scenes. One thing is sure: The predictions made here  —   known as the Davos consensus  —   have a tendency to be wrong. Mr. Trump, with very few exceptions, was largely written off last year as a bad joke. “If you bother to read some of the serious analysis of Trump’s support, you realize that it’s a very fragile thing and highly unlikely to deliver what he needs in the crucial first phase of the primaries,” Niall Ferguson, the historian, predicted at Davos in 2016, according to Bloomberg News. “By the time we get to   it’s all over. I think there’s going to be a wonderful catharsis, I’m really looking forward to it: Trump’s humiliation. Bring it on. ”",0
5938,ESPN $5.6b Debacle: Football Semifinal Ratings down 32% from 2014 - Breitbart,"The $5. 6 billion New Year’s Eve nightmare continued for ESPN, with Saturday’s games averaging only a 10. 4 rating, down 32 percent from the 15. 4 rating just two years ago. [The Sporting News tried to put the best face on the debacle, noting it was not quite as bad as the 9. 8 in 2015, which was a 36 percent drop from 2014.  ESPN can now only hope the title game next week between Alabama and Clemson goes better than when the same two teams met last year (see Breitbart Sports story, “‘Embarrassing’ for ESPN: More Watch Basketball Title Than Football Championship”). The unheard of event of more Americans watching a basketball game than a football game cast wide concern of the $5. 6 billion in a   deal ESPN penned for the College Football Playoffs. Last year the Sporting News reported ESPN might need to repay $20 million to advertisers due to the low ratings. The low ratings occurred despite the fact that ESPN could not have asked for a luckier draw, as the two games featured the best three fan bases in all of college football (1, Alabama, 2, Ohio State and 3, Clemson) and one of the two biggest fan bases from the west in Washington, according to USA Today’s rankings. Geographically the 32% drop is from an    comparison, as the 2014 playoffs featured the same best two fan bases (Alabama and Ohio State) subbed the other top western fan base (Oregon) and also had the ACC champ (Florida State in 2014 compared to Clemson this year). While sports used to offer Americans a place to get away from political and other divisions to root for a common team, Disney’s ESPN instead chose to use their reach to try to shape a liberal agenda, such as labeling those who referred to the Washington Redskins as racists. They never bothered to ask Native Americans, and when the Washington Post finally did and found 9 in 10 did NOT consider the team name racist, ESPN personality Michael Wilbon said he was “stunned” by the findings of the poll, thinking the majority of Native Americans would be offended, adding that “this shuts the door on the issue” of changing the Redskins’ name. ” (see Breitbart story) Perhaps a return to sports as a safe haven from political attacks and protests would bring back viewers. The speculation that the left wing Disney might sell ESPN in light of the subscriber nosedive, as reported in this Breitbart story, might be the first step to sports programming that is about  —   well  —   sports.",0
5939,Anti-Hillary Ad is so Powerful She’s SUING to Get it Taken Down – WATCH Before It’s Too Late!,"0 comments 
A damning new political ad titled “Can’t Run Her House” has been released by the Defeat Crooked Hillary PAC, a subsidiary of the Make America Number 1 PAC. 
It features vintage footage of Michelle Obama from 2008, when her husband was campaigning against Hillary Clinton in the Democratic primary. 
“One of the important aspects of this race is role-modeling what good families should look like. And my view is, if you can’t run your own house, you certainly can’t run the White House. You can’t do it,” says the First Lady in reference to Bill Clinton’s affair with Monica Lewinsky. 
Watch: 
According to The Political Insider , the Clinton camp is so concerned over the release of the 8-year-old video clip that their lawyers are sending letters threatening to sue those who air it. 
On Monday, cease and desist letters were sent to WFLA-TV in Tampa, Cox Cable in Gainesville, Bright House Cable in Orlando, and WESH-TV in Orlando demanding that the stations stop airing the ad. 
Make sure to SHARE this video before it is taken down forever!",0
5940,Too Old for Sex? Not at This Nursing Home - The New York Times,"When Audrey Davison met someone special at her nursing home, she wanted to love her man. Her nurses and aides at the Hebrew Home at Riverdale did not try to stop her. On the contrary, she was allowed to stay over in her boyfriend’s room with the door shut under the Bronx home’s stated “sexual expression policy. ” One aide even made the couple a “Do Not Disturb” sign to hang outside. “I enjoyed it and he was a very good lover,” Ms. Davison, 85, said. “That was part of how close we were: physically touching and kissing. ” Ms. Davison is among a number of older Americans who are having intimate relationships well into their 70s and 80s, helped in some cases by Viagra and more tolerant societal attitudes toward sex outside marriage. These aging lovers have challenged traditional notions of growing old and, in some cases, raised logistical and legal issues for their families, caretakers and the institutions they call home. Nursing homes in New York and across the country have increasingly broached the issue as part of a broader shift from institutional to individualized care, according to nursing home operators and their industry groups. Many have already loosened daily regimens to give residents more choice over, say, what time to bathe or what to eat for dinner. The next step for some is to allow residents the option of having sex, and to provide support for those who do. “Sex falls right smack dab in the middle of who we are as people,” said Marguerite McLaughlin, senior director of quality improvement for the American Health Care Association, the nation’s largest trade association for nursing homes, representing nearly 10, 000 of them. The Hebrew Home has stepped up efforts to help residents looking for relationships. Staff members have organized a happy hour and a senior prom, and started a dating service, called   for Grandparent Date. Currently, about 40 of the 870 residents are involved in a relationship. Many others are ready for one. Beverly Herzog, 88, a widow, said she missed sharing her bed. Her husband, Bernard, used to lie on the bed with his arm outstretched. Assume the position, he would tell her. She would curl up beside him. “I hate getting into a cold bed,” she said. “I feel no one should be alone. ” But intimacy in nursing homes also raises questions about whether some residents can consent to sex. Henry Rayhons, a former Iowa state legislator, was charged with sexual abuse in 2014 after being accused of having sex with his wife, who had severe Alzheimer’s disease and was in a nursing home. A jury found him not guilty. The case helped call attention to the lack of clear guidelines for many nursing homes only a few, like the Hebrew Home, have any formal policy at all. Dr. Cheryl Phillips, senior vice president for public policy and health services for LeadingAge, an industry group that represents more than 6, 000 nonprofit   service providers, including about 2, 000 nursing homes, said sex would come up more often as baby boomers moved in. “They’ve been having sex  —   that’s part of who they are  —   and just because they’re moving into a nursing home doesn’t mean they’re going to stop having sex,” she said. Daniel Reingold, the president and chief executive of RiverSpring Health, which operates the Hebrew Home, said growing old was all about loss: vision, hearing, mobility, even friends. Why should intimacy have to go, too? “We don’t lose the pleasure that comes with touch,” he said. “If intimacy leads to a sexual relationship, then let’s deal with it as  . ” The nursing home came up with a sexual expression policy in 1995 after a nurse walked in on two residents having sex. When the nurse asked Mr. Reingold what to do, he told her, “Tiptoe out and close the door behind you. ” Before adopting the policy, the Hebrew Home surveyed hundreds of nursing homes in New York and elsewhere, only to find that “most of them even denied that their residents were having sexual relationships,” Mr. Reingold recalled. He later spoke about the findings at an industry conference, asking an audience of more than 200 people if sex was going on in their nursing homes. The only ones who raised their hands were three nuns in the front row, he said. Today, the sexual expression policy is posted on the home’s website and reviewed with staff members. Mr. Reingold said it was intended not only to encourage intimacy among those who want it, but also to protect others from unwanted advances and to set guidelines for the staff. For instance, the policy stipulates that even residents with Alzheimer’s can give consent for a sexual relationship under certain circumstances. Though the nursing home has never been sued over the policy, Mr. Reingold said, some families have objected to such relationships, especially if one of the residents is still married to someone else who is not at the nursing home. Relationships also mean more drama for the staff, which tries to keep up with who is together and who is not. The dining room can be a land mine. Sometimes, one member of a couple will get jealous when the other pays attention to someone else. Other couples become too amorous, prompting calls to “keep it in your room. ” Still, Eileen Dunnion, a registered nurse who has three couples on her floor, said she encouraged her patients to take a chance on a relationship, reminding them, “You get old, you don’t get cold. ” A few years ago, she served as a lookout for a man who had two girlfriends. He never got caught. “I did my job well,” Ms. Dunnion said. “Nurses wear many hats. ” Kelley Dixon, 74, said sex had become more important to him because it did not happen as regularly as he would like. “It’s not about   and I’ll see you later,” he said. “It’s about enjoying the company of who you’re having sex with. I’m not keeping track anymore. I don’t have notches on my gun. ” In the past year, a dozen people signed up for  . Half of them were matched by social workers and sent on a first date at an   cafe. None found love, though some became friends. “We’re not giving up,” Charlotte Dell, the director of social services, said. “We’re going to get a wedding out of this yet. ” Francine Aboyoun, 67, is waiting to be set up through  . She said she remained hopeful that she would meet someone. While living at another nursing home, she met a man who would come to her room at night. Though they did not have sex, they kissed and lay together in her bed. “Wow, it felt like I was young again,” she said. Ms. Davison, who is divorced, said the last thing she ever expected was to find the love of her life at a nursing home. She met Leonard Moche in the elevator. He was smart and made her laugh. She moved to his floor to be closer to him. Ms. Davison said they had been planning to get married when he suddenly became ill he died this year. She is still grieving. “I think of him as my second husband,” she said. “It was great and unexpected, and wonderful while it lasted. ”",0
5941,Comment on Jury Finds Woman NOT Guilty of ‘Manufacturing Drugs’ Because the Pot She Grew Was Medicine by James Michael,"Jury Nullification!!! Live it….Love it…..Learn it maida.sweeney 
I usually get paid around $6k-$8k monthly on the internet. So if you are prepared to finish simple at home task for some hours /a day at your home and make valuable checks while doing it… Then this invitation is for you… http://clck.ru/A54RG 
sdfghjk norma.gregory 
I currently gain roughly 6 thousand-8 thousand bucks /a month with an internet task i found on the internet. Everyone eager to finish simple computer-based tasks for 2-5 h daily from your house and gain solid benefit for doing it… Test this work http://korta.nu/NDe carmen_sandoval 
I currently make roughly six to eight thousand dollars /month on the internet. Anyone prepared to finish easy freelance task for few h /a day from ease of your home and get solid benefit in the same time… This is a work for you… http://korta.nu/NDe barbara.austin.94 
After losing my job 6 months ago, I was lucky to learn about this great website that was a lifesaver… They offer jobs for which people can work online from their home. Last paycheck after working for them for three months was $12k… Great thing about is that only requirement for the job is basic typing skills and internet access… http://korta.nu/MDe lynn_ortega 
Earn 90 dollars each day for working on-line from comfort of your own home for couple of hr’s daily… Get regular payment every week… Everything you need is a computer, net connection, along with a little leisure time… http://korta.nu/NDe Vincent D’Emidio 
This just proves that Americans are returning to the intelligence that they possessed in the Glorious 1970s. Stefanovitch 
Which is WAY better than the witch hunts in the much more glorious Dark Ages. You know. When ignorance prevailed, and pain and suffering were the MD solutions of the day? Kind of like how people who oppose the legalization of MJ are not NEARLY so concerned about the harm bestowed on society by alcohol and prescription pharmaceuticals. Vincent D’Emidio 
During the 1970s, the “Archie Bunkers” of society were losing, and it appeared that they were beginning to accept the World as it was turning out…as a Liberated society. Then, in 1980, after President Carter’s disastrous handling of the Iranian Hostage Crisis , The majority voted for Reagan as President elect. However, unknown to many of his supporters at the time, Reagan, and his bible-thumping fellow travelers had a different idea. Not only would they be tough on a foreign-policy level, they ACTUALLY thought that they could turn back the clock on Social issues, and reverse all of the advancements that were instituted during the 1960s and 70s. Ronnie came to Washington, and brought along his bible-banging butt-buddies, and they proceeded to undo all of the progress we had made. Thanks to the Democrats acting like jellyfish, they re-instituted the War on the American People — oops! I meant, the “War on”, ahem, “Drugs”— no, actually, I truly meant the TRUE, liberated American people. In doing so, they STOPPED progress in the Marijuana legalization area. Thank the TRUE God (the one that I pray to) that the American people never really bought all of the Republicans’ horror stories about herb, and we are finally returning to the path we were on during the 70s. tom browne 
carter did not handle the crisis disastrously. the secret govt made a deal known as the “October Surprise”– the only way you could know that was by being there and you were not. the entire country went down after the 70’s as the secret govt sucked so much money out that homelessness became a fixture. govts today can not afford to fix road so much money is being absconded. we can’t afford a govt we cant control. flydon1954 
Free Country but lawyers cannot even speak the words Jury Nullification in court ( If I remember right ,there is one State they can ) if they do the Judge will hold them in contempt . Think about that , a LAW on the books that THE COURT SYSTEM are withholding for Juries . The system has taken the rights of the people to know that law , WHY ? If there is a juror on a trial that knows this law they can inform the rest of the jurors of the law (JURY NULLIFICATION) and even though your found guilty of the crime the jury can set them free . Please inform every person you know of this law , post it on all your social media sites , the more Americans who become aware of it , the more we can go against punishments that are outrageous for the crime .There are thousands and thousands in jails across the country for nothing more then using or growing their own medicine . STOP THE TRYANNY ! Jake Seilman 
That her former physician flew all the way from Maine for her defense makes him a hero in my eyes. Sending you a mental hug Dr. Dustin Sulak! Phil Freeman 
How does one “manufacturer” a plant? Sirios",0
5942,A California High-Speed Rail... in Silver and Black - Breitbart,"A viable   rail system that actually serves consumer interest may be built in California after all. [Of course, it won’t be the Jerry Brown boondoggle that will cost California taxpayers north of $68 billion and, nearly a decade after gaining voter approval, is still barely a hole in the ground. Instead of connecting Los Angeles with San Francisco, this   rail line will send millions of Southern Californians to Las Vegas and back  —   to gamble, have a good time, and maybe attend Raiders games.  That’s right: after the Raiders won NFL owners’ approval to relocate from Oakland to Las Vegas  —   in time for the 2020 season  —   a new life has been breathed into the   rail project. In a Las Vegas   story, the paper cited the impending arrival of the Raiders, along with the Trump administration’s pledge to spend on infrastructure, as reasons for the revival of a   doomed project: The recently completed investment grade ridership and revenue forecast study completed by Southern California’s High Desert Corridor Joint Powers Authority reiterated what longtime Las Vegas developer Tony Marnell has suspected all along  —   that there would be significant demand for the XpressWest   rail project linking Southern California with Las Vegas he wants to build. President Donald Trump’s desire to invest in infrastructure projects, the favorable ridership study and a new reason for Southern Californians to make quick trips to Las Vegas in a few years  —   NFL football games, concerts and other special events  —   add up to new hope to press forward on the $7 billion rail project that has been under consideration for more than a decade. There has not been rail service between Los Angeles and Las Vegas since Amtrak abandoned the line in the late 1990s. A typical drive between the two cities takes at least four hours through the high desert in ideal conditions. But on a busy weekend, that   journey can easily take up to seven hours each way. A viable   rail can eliminate a lot of that congestion on the Interstate 15, deliver millions of travelers within three hours each way, and boost the already booming tourism for Sin City. And despite the fact that the Rams and Chargers will now call Los Angeles home, the most popular NFL team in Southern California remains the Raiders, who played at the L. A. Memorial Coliseum from   and retain a large fan base. The SoCal legion of “Raider Nation” has traveled for years to home games in Oakland and road games in San Diego, so trips to Vegas to cheer on the Silver and Black will be very much on their agenda after the Raiders’ new home opens for the 2020 NFL season. Marnell, a longtime Southern Nevada developer told the   that a recent study showed that an estimated 27 percent of travelers from Southern California would take   rail to Las Vegas if it existed. This report added that the ridership demand combined with the cost of   tickets, with an average of $115, would generate more than $1 billion a year in operating revenue when the system is fully operational in 2035. A train could be running sooner, Marnell said, with an estimated two to three years to ramp up and four to five to build. Marnell also credited President Trump’s election for the resurrection of the project, telling the  : “We all know that the Republicans are not big advocates of spending money on infrastructure, although this president is one of the first presidents to come along in a long time that recognizes the country needs another investment in infrastructure and it needs an investment in 21st century technology. ” Follow Samuel Chi on Twitter @ThePlayoffGuru.",0
5943,Remade Trail Blazers Fall Short of Golden State Warriors in Game 1 - The New York Times,"OAKLAND, Calif.  —    In a brave attempt to catch up with the rest of the N. B. A. ’s Western Conference powerhouses, the Portland Trail Blazers overhauled themselves after last season, when they won 51 games but were quickly vanquished from the playoffs. Through trades and free agency, they purged six of their seven top scorers, including the   LaMarcus Aldridge, now with the San Antonio Spurs. Rebuilt around the young guards Damian Lillard (25. 1 points per game this season) and C. J. McCollum (20. 8) the Blazers created a quick,   team in a loose image of the Golden State Warriors, led by Stephen Curry (30. 1 points per game) and Klay Thompson (22. 1). What might be a   playoff series featuring two of the more entertaining backcourts began Sunday without Curry, out indefinitely with a knee sprain. Still, Game 1 was   as Thompson   outplayed Lillard and McCollum. Thompson scored early and often as the Warriors raced out to a quick lead and, ultimately, a   win at Oracle Arena. For much of the first quarter, Lillard and McCollum were just as effective as Curry. But he was watching from the bench dressed in a blazer while they were combining to miss their first seven shots. Thompson, assigned to guard Lillard, had 12 of his   37 points in the first six minutes as the Warriors took an   lead. “Not many guys in the league could chase Damian Lillard around for 37 minutes and score 37 points, too,” Golden State Coach Steve Kerr said. “Klay is a tremendous   player. ” After Lillard finally scored, and was fouled, on a driving layup with about 30 seconds left in the first quarter, the Blazers still trailed,  . Thompson immediately responded with his fourth  . It gave him 18 points and gave the Warriors a   lead. Thompson was quick to share credit with his teammates, and a pregame focus on defense. “It feels like he runs off about a hundred ball screens a game,” Thompson said of Lillard. “So you’ve got to trust your big guys back there, and they made it tough for him at the rim, at the   line. And that’s what we’ve got to do all series. ” Lillard finished with 30 points, 18 in an inconsequential fourth quarter. McCollum had 12. Together, they shot 13 of 43. “We score a lot of points for the team,” said Lillard, his voice raspy from a chest cold. “That gives us our best chance to win games, especially against a team that can fill it up like them. ” The Warriors remain unsure how long Curry will be out with a sprained medial collateral ligament in his right knee. He is not expected to play Game 2 on Tuesday, but Game 3 in Portland does not come until Saturday. Curry has done some “standstill shooting,” Kerr said, but it may not be before midweek that he gets into any   simulation. “We’ll just monitor him and see how it all goes, and, hopefully, get him back at some point,” Kerr said. The Blazers did not surrender without spunk. They cut the   lead in half quickly in the second quarter, sending occasional ripples of unease through the crowd, and carved it into single digits with about two minutes left before intermission. But the Warriors, who score in unpredictable and entertaining splashes, pushed the lead to   at halftime. Early in the third quarter, the gap was above 20 again. It was a disappointing result for Lillard, who grew up in Oakland and attended his grandfather’s 80th birthday party on Saturday. The rudest part of the homecoming might have come in the second quarter, when Draymond Green blocked Lillard’s layup attempt. Lillard fell, the crowd rose, and Green shouted down to his opponent. “I didn’t say too much of nothing,” Green said later, grinning. It was Green who provided the intangible difference between the Warriors and their opponent, as he often does. The team’s   heart, he had a  : 23 points, 13 rebounds and 11 assists. But he also led the Warriors in attitude. After a steal off Mason Plumlee, he turned upcourt, shouted at the Blazers’ bench, then drove to the basket and into Plumlee, drawing a foul. “He’s probably the best   player in the league at this point,” Golden State center Andrew Bogut said. Thompson, sitting nearby, nodded. The script to a postseason championship was supposed to head this way for the Warriors, history’s best   team: a cruise through the first round and momentum entering May. After beating Houston in the first round, the Warriors,   in the regular season, were expected to be tested first by the rival Los Angeles Clippers in the second round, then by either the San Antonio Spurs or Oklahoma City Thunder. But, as with a book turned into a movie, plot twists were added for effect. The Curry injury was the biggest rewrite. Then the Clippers were battered and dispatched in six games by the Blazers  —   after Portland lost Game 1 in a blowout similar to Sunday’s, as Coach Terry Stotts reminded his players. The results left the Warriors with a somewhat unexpected, and dangerous,   opponent. In the regular season, the Warriors were   against the Blazers, with three of those games after the   break. On Feb. 19, Lillard scored a   51 points in a   Portland victory, the most lopsided of Golden State’s losses. On March 11, the teams combined to make 37   a league record. Curry had seven, Lillard nine. The thought of facing the Blazers, especially without Curry, might have been    —   and might still prove to be. But if Thompson can outproduce Portland’s backcourt by himself, and if Curry can get healthy while he watches it happen from the sideline, the Blazers will be little more than bit players in a Golden State season moving toward June.",0
5944,"As Crooked HIllary Investigation Reopens, Democrat Cities Push To Allow Illegal Immigrants Voting","  As Crooked HIllary Investigation Reopens, Democrat Cities Push To Allow Illegal Immigrants Voting 'Look at illegal immigrants voting all over the country,' Donald Trump recently claimed in a Fox News interview, part of his ongoing effort to cast doubt on the integrity of the presidential election. There’s no evidence to support the Republican nominee’s claims of election fraud, but some cities are moving to expand voting rights to include noncitizens.   29, 2016 Some Democrat-Run Cities Want Their Illegal Alien Population to Vote 
EDITOR’S NOTE: Yesterday, FBI director James Comey announced that they have reopened the investigation into Crooked Hillary’s illegal email server. Yay! But even before that, Democrat operatives are working around the clock to skew the election results in any way they can. Today we present to you Democrat-run cities in America allowing illegal immigrants to vote in the upcoming election. Should illegal immigrant voting be legal? Wha…??? 
‘Look at illegal immigrants voting all over the country,’ Donald Trump recently claimed in a Fox News interview, part of his ongoing effort to cast doubt on the integrity of the presidential election. There’s no evidence to support the Republican nominee’s claims of election fraud, but some cities are moving to expand voting rights to include non-citizens (illegal immigrants) . Trump Opposes Same-Day Voter Registration to Prevent Illegal Immigrants from Voting: 
The latest is San Francisco , where the Nov. 8 ballot will include a measure allowing the parents or legal guardians of any student in the city’s public schools to vote in school board elections. The right would be extended to those with green cards, visas, or no documentation at all. “One out of three kids in the San Francisco unified school system has a parent who is an immigrant, who is disenfranchised and doesn’t have a voice,” says San Francisco Assemblyman David Chiu, the son of Taiwanese immigrants. “We’ve had legal immigrants who’ve had children go through the entire K-12 system without having a say.” Undocumented immigrants should also have the right, Chiu adds, to bypass the “broken immigration system in this country.” Should Illegal Immigrants Be Allowed to Vote in US Elections? 
Today there are six jurisdictions in Maryland that let non-citizens (illegal immigrants) vote in local elections. Chicago allows them to take part in elected parent advisory councils but not to vote in school board elections. Four towns in Massachusetts have moved to allow noncitizen voting and are awaiting state approval. And in New York City, where non-citizens (illegal immigrants) make up 21 percent of the voting-age population, the city council is drafting legislation that would allow more than 1.3 million legal residents to take part in municipal elections. The city previously allowed non-citizens (illegal immigrants) to vote in school board elections, but that ended when New York’s school boards were dissolved in 2002. Liberals Sign Petition to Allow Illegal Immigrants to Vote in 2016 Presidential Election: 
San Francisco has tried in the past to grant noncitizens access to school board elections. A 2004 measure narrowly failed, with 51 percent voting against it. “There was an opposition campaign at that time,” Chiu says. He sponsored another ballot measure in 2010, which also failed. This time, Chiu says, he’s hoping for a victory. So far he’s seen no organized opposition: “I think that’s because of the ugly, anti-immigrant statements expressed by Donald Trump and his supporters.” SHARE THIS ARTICLE  ",0
5945,US Secret Service Struggles To Find Recruits Who Haven’t Used Adderall,"Via TrueActivist SPONSORED LINKS 
The US Secret Service, under pressure due to unprecedented demand and recent controversies, has been carrying out its most ambitious recruiting campaign in over a decade, looking to find over 1,000 qualified agents and other personnel within the next year. The agency has had no problem finding interested people as around 27,000 have responded to the agency’s various calls for applications since 2015. However, the major problem the agency is facing is the high number of recruits who have abused prescription drugs, mostly Adderall and other amphetamines they took while in college. As a result, only 300 of those 27,000 have received an offer for employment from the agency, complicating the Secret Service’s recruitment goals. 
All candidates looking for positions with the Secret Service are put through an extensive vetting process, including a series of personal interviews and a polygraph test. Previously, it was normally the polygraph test that doomed the largest percentage of would-be agents, but now it appears that amphetamine/Adderall use has taken its place. Any use of any drug in an illegal way is grounds for immediate expulsion from the hiring process. Susan Goggin, the Chief Recruiting Officer of the US Secret Service said: “It is definitely a struggle with this generation. Adderall is a huge, huge issue.” Indeed, Adderall’s use among college students is becoming increasingly common. The latest federal data shows that Adderall’s recreational use has increased by nearly 67% in the last ten years and is now being prescribed at a rate 30 times higher than it was two decades ago. 
Another part of the problem appears to be that many candidates are unaware that their past use of Adderall and other prescription drugs is something that could have negative consequences for them, largely becase the stigma behind its use is not as clear cut as it is for other illicit substances, like marijuana and cocaine. Many college students also do not view their use of Adderall as dangerous or even wrong as they are taking it for the “right reasons” – to be more productive in class and manage a high workload. However, in the eyes of the federal government, Adderall and other amphetamines are classified as Schedule II drugs and the reasons for its use are irrelevant. 
Interestingly, this is not the first time that a federal agency has run into this type of problem. In 2014, FBI Director James Comey admitted that hiring hackers was becoming more difficult as many hackers had previously used marijuana recreationally, a concern also echoed by the Justice Department. This same issue also evenutally led US Secretary of Defense Ashton Carter to announce this September that the Pentagon would be open to hiring individuals that had experimented with marijuana in the past. Will the Secret Service soon be forced to change its policy on Adderall as its use continues to skyrocket? Or is it more of a sign that the War on Drugs is laughably out-dated?",0
5946,Report: Lena Dunham Rushed to Hospital From Met Gala,"Actress Lena Dunham was reportedly rushed to the emergency room following her appearance at the Met Gala Monday night. [According to Page Six, the Girls creator and star headed to the hospital just moments after she was seen snapping photos with models and celebrities at the annual   event in New York City.  The medical issue was apparently linked to Dunham’s ongoing battle with endometriosis, a disorder in which tissue that normally lines the uterus grows outside of the uterus. The    actress and activist has been open about her struggles with endometriosis, including in a November 2015 article in her Lenny newsletter titled “The Sickest Girl. ” Last month, however, Dunham declared that she was “ ” after her final endometriosis surgery. “My [final] surgery went off without a hitch. When I emerged,   [Dr. Randy Harris] told me something I hadn’t expected to hear, maybe ever: there was no endometriosis left. Between my surgeries and hormonal intervention, I was ” she wrote. “That doesn’t mean it can never return, but for now, once my sutures have been removed and my bruises have changed from blue to yellow to green to gone, I will be healthy. All that will remain is my   relationship with pain, and it’s time to get real about that. ” Dunham has since been released from the hospital and is reportedly recovering at her home.   Follow Jerome Hudson on Twitter @jeromeehudson",0
5947,Average Moscow entrepreneur 'survives' only 5.7 years,"Entrepreneurship is growing faster in Moscow than in any other region of the country. Source:Reuters 
The average individual entrepreneur “survives” only 5.7 years, according to new research by the PwC consulting firm. 
The conclusions, based on data from the Federal Tax Service and the Levada Center from 2010 to 2016, were published in a new report, “The Development of Individual Entrepreneurship in Moscow,” the RBC website reports . 
Transforming the business potential of BRICS 
The researchers concluded that, since 2010, the number of registered individual entrepreneurs in Moscow has increased by 51 percent to 244 thousand. However, the entrepreneurs' businesses last, on average, less than 6 years. The main reasons for the closures are economic problems (51 percent) such as declining demand, increasing competition, and growing costs, and tax issues (10 percent). 
According to PwC, entrepreneurship is growing faster in Moscow than in any other region of the country. Muscovites now make up 7 percent of all individual entrepreneurs in Russia, 3 percent higher than in 2010. 
But growth has not been even. According to PwC, the main wave came in the 2010-2012 period, when the annual increase was 9-10 percent. Due to rising insurance rates, the number of individual entrepreneurs declined by 2 percent in 2013. The rate rebounded in 2014 and 2015 by 4 and 7 percentage points respectively. In the first half of 2016, it stood at 5 percent. 
However, it can be difficult to state with clarity what these rates mean in practice. Individual entrepreneurs may indeed be people starting small businesses, but they can also be individuals formally registered this way for tax benefits. 
New Russian app to manage small business 
PwC also concluded that 61 percent of individual entrepreneurs work in the service sector, 27 percent in retail, 8 percent in wholesale trade, and 4 percent in manufacturing. 
Outside Moscow, the growth dynamic of entrepreneurship has been less impressive. For nearly six years, PwC concluded, the national rate has been negative: -8 percent. 
The second fastest entrepreneurship growth rate was recorded in St. Petersburg (41 percent), followed by the Moscow Region (31 percent). 
First published by The Moscow Times . Facebook",0
5948,Comment on What Aloe Vera Does In Your Body: Why Egyptians Called It The Plant Of Immortality by What Aloe Vera Does In Your Body: Why Egyptians Called It The Plant Of Immortality | My Blog,"Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Known to the Egyptians as the plant of immortality and to Native Americans as the wand of heaven , aloe vera comes with a wide array of amazing healing properties — some of which you may already be aware. You might even have your own aloe vera plant in your home for those small emergencies like scrapes, cuts, and burns, but did you know that aloe vera is not only limited to topical use and is actually even more beneficial to your body when taken internally?   Aloe vera contains over 200 biologically active, naturally occurring constituents which include polysaccharides, vitamins, enzymes, amino acids, and minerals that promote nutrient absorption. According to The Journal of Environmental Science and Health, aloe vera also possesses anti-bacterial, anti-viral, and anti-fungal properties that assist the immune system in cleansing the body of toxins and invading pathogens. But that isn’t all aloe vera juice /gel has to offer.[1] Minerals Aloe vera has loads of minerals including calcium, magnesium, zinc, chromium, selenium, sodium, iron, potassium, copper, and manganese. These minerals work together to boost metabolic pathways. Enzymes Aloe Vera contains important enzymes like amylase and lipase which can aid in digestion by breaking down fat and sugar molecules. One molecule in particular, Bradykinase, helps to reduce inflammation. Vitamins One study showed that aloe vera actually contains vitamin B12 , which is required for the production of red blood cells. That would be great news for vegetarians and vegans in particular, who often do not get adequate amounts of B12 through their regular diet. Keep in mind however, that was just one instance and you shouldn’t rely on aloe alone for your daily requirements of b12.   Other studies have shown that taking aloe can assist with the bioavailability of vitamin B12, meaning the body can more easily to absorb and utilize it which can prevent deficiency. Aloe vera is also a source of vitamins A, C,E, folic acid, choline, B1, B2, B3 (niacin), and B6. While it’s tough to say whether we could rely on Aloe as a source of B12, it can be used in conjunction with a supplement to help increase uptake. Amino Acids Aloe vera contains 20 of the 22 essential amino acids that are required by the human body. It also contains salicylic acid, which fights inflammation and bacteria. Other Uses For Aloe Aside from being an excellent body cleanser, removing toxic matter from the stomach, kidneys, spleen, bladder, liver, and colon, aloe can also offer effective relief from more immediate ailments, such as indigestion, upset stomach, ulcers, and inflammation in the gut. It also strengthens the digestive tract and alleviates joint inflammation, making it a great option for arthritis sufferers. One study found that aloe vera juice , when taken the same way as a mouthwash, was just as effective at removing plaque as the common mouthwash and its active ingredient, chlorhexidine. This is a much better alternative because it is all-natural, unlike the typical chemical-laden options found in stores. Evolve Your Inbox & Stay Conscious Daily Inspiration and all our best content, straight to your inbox. Aloe vera gel has also been found to effectively heal mouth ulcers, which are more commonly known as canker sores. How To Take Aloe? Aloe can be consumed straight from the plant, but the easiest and most palatable option is probably aloe juice, which you can find in most health food stores. You can also buy the leaves from many common grocery stores, or harvest your own, and juice them yourself. You can buy the juice and mix it into your juices and smoothies or just drink it straight up. Make sure you are buying pure aloe juice/gel which is either of the whole leaf or just the inner filet. It does have a somewhat bitter taste though, so you may want to include other things. On the bottle you can find specific dosing instructions, but it would be wise to talk to a natural health expert or do some research into the matter to find instructions on specific dosing. Much Love Learn more about the amazing benefits of aloe vera or purchase some for your self, please click here . Source:",0
5949,Ted Cruz’s Support Softens Among the Delegates He Courted - The New York Times,"Even as Donald J. Trump trounced him from New Hampshire to Florida to Arizona, Senator Ted Cruz could reassure himself with one crucial advantage: He was beating Mr. Trump in the obscure, internecine delegate fights that could end up deciding the Republican nomination for president. “This is how elections are won in America,” Mr. Cruz gloated after walking away with the most delegates in Wyoming last month. Now, as he faces a potentially   contest on Tuesday in Indiana  —   where a new NBC   Street   poll, released Sunday morning, showed him trailing Mr. Trump by 15 percentage points  —   Mr. Cruz can take little solace from his vaunted   operation even if he prevails there. It turns out that delegates  —   like ordinary voters  —   are susceptible to shifts in public opinion. And as the gravitational pull of Mr. Trump’s recent primary landslides draws more Republicans toward him, Mr. Cruz’s support among the party’s 2, 472 convention delegates is softening, threatening his hopes of preventing Mr. Trump’s nomination by overtaking him in a floor fight. With each delegate Mr. Trump claims, he gets closer to the 1, 237 he needs to clinch the nomination outright, and Mr. Cruz’s chances of stopping him  —   even with an upset victory in Indiana  —   shrink. Before Mr. Trump’s crushing victory in Pennsylvania last week, Mr. Cruz’s campaign boasted that it had 69 people devoted to acquiring as many as possible of the state’s 54 unbound delegates  —   who are free to vote as they please on the first ballot, making them potentially decisive players in a contested convention. Mr. Cruz won only three. In North Dakota, where the Cruz campaign declared victory after the state Republican convention on April 3 and declared that it had won “a vast majority” of the state’s 28 unbound delegates, Mr. Cruz’s support appears to be weakening. In interviews, delegates said he really had only about a dozen firm commitments to begin with, and some of them appear to be wavering as he falls farther behind Mr. Trump. And in states across the South, which was supposed to be Mr. Cruz’s bulwark, some delegates are now echoing a growing sentiment inside the Republican Party: a sense of resignation to the idea that Mr. Trump will be their  . “Honestly, we didn’t think he could get this far. And he did,” Jonathan Barnett, the Republican national committeeman for Arkansas, said of Mr. Trump. Mr. Barnett, who supported former Gov. Mike Huckabee’s failed campaign, said his focus had shifted to winning in November, even if that meant unhappily falling in behind Mr. Trump. The changes of heart have little to do with any epiphany about Mr. Trump’s electability or his campaign’s recent efforts to cast him in a more serious light. Instead, delegates and party officials said, they are ready to move on and unite behind someone so that Republicans are not hopelessly divided heading into the general election. And many delegates cite concerns about whether Mr. Cruz is really a better choice. “There’s just as many people that would question whether they could get behind Cruz,” Mr. Barnett said. This gradual acquiescence points up a larger flaw with Mr. Cruz’s strategy of being the last   candidate standing in a field that began at 17: It was never as much about him as about Republicans grasping for a more palatable alternative to Mr. Trump. But the “never” in the “Never Trump” movement is beginning to look more like a “reluctantly. ” “I’m not in the    campaign,” said Jim Poolman, a delegate from North Dakota. “I’m in the    campaign. ” Mr. Poolman said he still planned to vote for Mr. Cruz on the first ballot, which he told the campaign he would do. But he said his decision was not set in stone. “I’m trying to hold on to my commitment but still be pragmatic,” he said. “There’s a lot of stuff that could happen before Cleveland. And I know that makes me sound squishy, but I don’t mean it that way. ” Delegates like Mr. Poolman are emblematic of the Cruz campaign’s larger problems holding on to votes at a contested convention. Mr. Poolman initially favored Senator Marco Rubio of Florida, who withdrew from the race in March. While Mr. Poolman was looking for another candidate, he said, local Cruz volunteers asked if they could add his name to the list of delegate candidates supporting Mr. Cruz at the state convention. He said Mr. Cruz’s wife, Heidi, called him and gave him her cellphone number, saying he would always have “a direct line to the campaign. ” And he was elected a delegate. But now, Mr. Poolman said, he worries about party disunity and what it could mean for Republicans in November. “My goal, personally,” he said, “is to not let our convention become a circus. ” The chairman of the North Dakota Republican Party, Kelly Armstrong, said Mr. Cruz’s appeal remained strong there, but put his support among the state’s 28 unbound delegates at “at least 10”  —   not quite the “vast majority” the Cruz campaign had claimed. Mr. Armstrong, who has not taken sides, said delegates also had to consider how denying the nomination to Mr. Trump might look to his supporters. “We can’t have a bunch of people really, really upset about the process and then think we’re going to be able to gain their support in November,” he said. The results in Pennsylvania were most troubling for Mr. Cruz. He had dominated the delegate fights in Colorado and Wyoming, contests that were influenced by the kinds of party activists Mr. Cruz tends to attract. Yet Mr. Trump appeared to win at least 40 of Pennsylvania’s 54 unbound delegates. “There’s not going to be a second ballot,” said Ash Khare, who was elected last Tuesday as an unbound Pennsylvania delegate. Mr. Khare declined to support any candidate before the election, though Mr. Cruz, Mr. Trump and Gov. John Kasich of Ohio all came calling, he said. “I was promised a photo, a private meeting. Forget about it,” Mr. Khare said, adding that he only ever intended to vote for the candidate who won in his district. That would be Mr. Trump. Mr. Khare said he was not especially drawn to anything about Mr. Trump or his ideas. “Whether he will succeed or not, I don’t know,” he said. But he said he could not deny the will of so many voters. “There is a revolution going on here,” he added. Voters may be starting to share Mr. Trump’s reasoning that he would deserve the nomination even if he fell short of 1, 237 delegates. A recent NBC   Street Journal poll found that more than six in 10 Republicans believe the nominee should be the candidate with the most votes even if he does not have the support of the majority of delegates. Still, Mr. Trump’s campaign is moving to nail down the delegate commitments he would need to get a majority. With the Indiana primary potentially a    moment for stopping Mr. Trump, Mr. Cruz can only hope the campaign once again takes an unexpected turn. “Trump is very popular in our state,” said Alec L. Poitevint II, a longtime Republican leader in Georgia and previously a Rubio supporter, but now uncommitted. He will be a bound delegate on the first ballot, but he has not yet been assigned to a presidential candidate. And if he is required to vote for Mr. Trump, who won Georgia with 39 percent of the vote? “Fine with me,” he said.",0
5950,"Frank Luntz: Obama on a ’FU Tour,’ Trying to ’Settle Scores’ With Republicans - Breitbart","Over the weekend, pollster Frank Luntz blasted President Barack Obama during a Fox News appearance, accusing the president of “trying to settle scores before he leaves. ”  Luntz compared Obama’s final days as president to   Donald Trump’s “thank you” tour, calling it a “FU tour. ” “If Trump did this great tour of the country, they called it a victory tour or thank you tour, Obama seems to be doing a  …     uh  …     trying to figure out the right language so I don’t get fined by the FCC, a FU tour. I guess that’s the best way to put it,” Luntz said. He explained, “What he has said about Hillary Clinton and her campaign and drawing that contrast. What he has done to Israel and to Benjamin Netanyahu. That there are people that he has had political difficulties with —  and by the way, Republican members of the house and senate —  the people who he’s disagreed with over the last eight years. He’s gone to great pains to draw a contrast between the things that he says and the things that they have done that makes me think he’s trying to settle scores before he leaves, and that’s not presidential. ” Follow Breitbart. tv on Twitter @BreitbartVideo",0
5951,City to Close or Merge 9 Schools That Were in Support Program - The New York Times,"The city’s Education Department plans to close or merge nine schools next year that are part of its   turnaround initiative, among a group of 22 schools to be closed or merged, according to a document obtained by The New York Times. Mayor Bill de Blasio came into office saying that unlike his predecessor Michael R. Bloomberg, he would support struggling schools rather than close them, and he initiated the Renewal program in 2014 to offer extra money and services for 94 of the city’s   schools. “We reject the notion of giving up on any of our schools,” Mr. de Blasio said at the time. Instead, he said, the city would infuse the schools in the program with resources, including coaches to help teachers improve their practices, new staff members to tackle problems like attendance, and social services like dental clinics or counseling. He said his administration might still end up closing schools, but he suggested that most schools would be given three years to improve. The program is now halfway through its third year. The department assigned each school a set of benchmarks in areas like attendance, graduation rate and, for elementary and middle schools, performance on state reading and math exams. But the schools have shown uneven progress. Eight schools in the program met all of their targets last year, while four schools met none, and 17 others met only one or two out of six or seven targets. Many schools in the program have also seen their enrollment decline as families shun schools labeled failing. The city previously decided to close or merge eight Renewal schools, so the latest round of closings will bring to 17 the number of schools in the program that will no longer be operating, at least as before. Six of the schools will be closed entirely: Junior High School 162 Lola Rodriguez de Tio, which had been singled out by the state as persistently failing, and whose closing was previously announced Leadership Institute, a high school Junior High School 145 Arturo Toscanini and Monroe Academy for Visual Arts and Design, all in the Bronx and Middle School 584 and the Essence School, also a middle school, in Brooklyn. The schools to be closed are all   to be sure. In the   school year, only 8 percent of the students at J. H. S. 145 passed the state reading tests, and only 3 percent passed the state’s math tests. Even so, it is not clear that they are necessarily the worst among the schools in the program. All of the six schools met at least one of the goals assigned by the city last year. Some are being closed for low enrollment as well.  The three schools in the program to be merged are the Young Scholars Academy of the Bronx, a middle school Frederick Douglass Academy IV, a high school in Brooklyn and Automotive High School in Brooklyn. All three schools already share their buildings with the schools they are being merged into, which are not in the Renewal program. The city is also proposing to merge five other pairs of schools, none of which are in the Renewal program, but many of which have struggled with academic achievement and enrollment. The Education Department declined to comment on the decision to close or merge the schools. The Bloomberg administration closed many large schools to start new, small ones. Studies have found that many small schools had positive effects on graduation rates and college enrollment. But not all the small schools were successful. The current city schools chancellor, Carmen Fariña, has shown a preference for large schools and has said that some schools were too small to be sustainable. All of the closings and mergers will have to be approved by the Panel for Educational Policy, a citywide body. Aaron Pallas, a professor of sociology and education at Columbia University’s Teachers College, said, “The fact that the city thinks that it needs to do this for six out of the roughly 80 or so left suggests that things are not going as well as they’d like. ” At the same time, he said, “If these mergers and closures result in new schools that have a new kind of energy, perhaps different staff, perhaps a different culture, that may be better than trying to continue turning around schools that have been struggling for a very long time. ”",0
5952,Oscar-Nominated Shorts: Unsung but Worth Your Time - The New York Times,"If you need a distraction from fighting about “La La Land,” cheering at “Hidden Figures” or weeping about “Moonlight”  —   all of which might have been distracting you from other things  —   there are 15   movies quietly soliciting your attention, along with that of the academy voters. The   nominees are often unsung   highlights, too easily overlooked except for   balloting purposes. This is a shame, since in about the time it would take to watch “Arrival” three times or “Toni Erdmann” twice, you could take a remarkably   tour of world cinema. Even in a generally strong year like this one, the shorts display a cosmopolitan breadth and a stylistic variety that the other categories often lack. The animated nominees include handmade as well as digital productions, and dark, adult themes as well as   charm and whimsy. The live action and documentary candidates tackle painful   material with compassion, courage and imagination (though sometimes also with conventional sentimentality). All of the films arrive in theaters in New York on Wednesday and nationwide on Friday and will be available Feb. 21 on many streaming platforms (though several can be found on various sites now). Here is a brief critical guide. Before it was a mighty fief within Disney’s Magic Kingdom, Pixar was a plucky and resourceful   and those roots are often most visible in its nonfeature offerings. This year’s, “Piper” (directed by Alan Barillaro and Marc Sondheimer) is a technical tour de force of feathers and foam about a fledgling seabird overcoming its fear of water with the encouragement of a firm but loving parent. (The story is a bit like “Moana” in reverse.) The   relationship seems to be a sturdy animation theme, figuring in Andrew Coats and Lou  ’s “Borrowed Time,” about a Western lawman dad and his Western lawman son, and Patrick Osborne’s “Pearl” (now on YouTube) about a rock ’n’ roll dad and his rock ’n’ roll daughter. All three of these films show how much can be done without dialogue, and offer a respite from the usual    cartoon fare that fills up the multiplexes. “Blind Vaysha,” a film by Theodore Ushev with folkloric, Eastern European overtones, is a bit talkier, with a narrator’s voice accompanying eerie,   images. “Pear Cider and Cigarettes,” the longest, richest and saddest of the films, also uses   narration to tell a painful personal story about the life and death of Techno Stypes, a   childhood friend of Robert Valley, who directed the film. (It’s available on Vimeo for a fee.) If I were voting, I’d go for Techno, but if I had to make a prediction, I’d never bet against Pixar. The predicament of migrants and refugees in Europe figures in two of the nominees, “Ennemis Intérieurs” (“Internal Enemies”) from France, and “Silent Nights,” from Denmark. The first, directed by Sélim Azzazi, consists mainly of a tense interview between two men, both of Arab descent, who have lived in France all their lives. The older man is a former convict applying for citizenship, the younger one a government official. Their conversation, which takes place in 1998, touches on terrorism, religion and the integrity of “La Republique,” issues that could hardly be more relevant as France approaches a possibly fateful presidential election. “Silent Nights” confronts similar questions as it traces the relationship between a young Danish woman and a Ghanaian immigrant, whose mutual empathy (and romantic attraction) is tested by the drastically different circumstances they face. The humanism of this film, directed by Aske Bang and Kim Magnusson, is shadowed by an inescapable pessimism, an intimation that kindness, while essential, may not be enough when survival is at stake. There is nothing overtly topical or political in the other three nominees, which are also from Europe. “La Femme et le TGV” (“The Woman and the TGV,” available for a fee from iTunes) from Switzerland, is almost rescued from mawkish triviality by the affecting performance of the great Jane Birkin as the title character, and nearly ruined by a cloying, aggressive score. The Spanish film “Timecode,” about the clandestine activities of parking garage security guards, might seem equally slight, but it reveals itself to be a sly fable of creative resistance in the face of deadening routine. And Kristof Deak and Anna Udvardy’s “Sing,” my favorite in this batch, might be mistaken for a sweet story of the friendship between two Hungarian schoolgirls until the last scene, when it becomes a parable of defiance against unjust and corrupt authority. (Hey, teacher! Leave those kids alone!) Like the nominees in the   best documentary category, the five films in this group demonstrate a commitment to both relevance and experimentation. Only one of them, “Joe’s Violin” (now on YouTube) follows the conventional,   template, alternating interviews, archival footage and   events as it tells the touching story of a Holocaust survivor who donated his violin to a public school in the Bronx. The film, directed by Kahane Cooperman, proceeds though familiar beats, but its emotions are genuine and its characters are well worth knowing. Their lives are not easy, but “Joe’s Violin” feels downright soothing alongside its competition, which includes some of the most wrenching, unsparing images I have seen on film in the past year. The aptly named “Extremis,” by Dan Krauss (on Netflix now) plunges the viewer into the midst of gravely ill patients and the doctors who must help their families decide whether to continue life support. The reality of death is something we often avoid, and even for half an hour, this film is difficult to watch. But it is also gripping, suspenseful and moving  —   a hard look at a hard subject. Those words also describe the three short documentaries about the Syrian war and the European refugee crisis. Daphne Matziaraki’s “4. 1 Miles” (produced by The New York Times’s Opinion section and available on nytimes. com) plies the waters off the Greek island of Lesbos as coast guard officers try to rescue migrants crowded onto inflatable rafts. “The White Helmets,” by Orlando von Einsiedel and Joanna Natasegara (now on Netflix) and “Watani: My Homeland,” by Marcel Mettelsiefen and Stephen Ellis, both take place in Aleppo, and provide a glimpse of the horror that city has endured in recent years. Too rigorous to offer false hope, they nonetheless affirm the necessity of witness and an antidote to despair. I can’t choose between them, but I hope one of them wins.",0
5953,"Franken: I’m ’Troubled’ By Sessions ’Exaggerating, Misrepresenting’ His Civil Rights History - Breitbart","Tuesday on MSNBC’s “For the Record with Greta,” while discussing today’s confirmation hearing of   Donald Trump’s pick for Attorney General, Sen. Jeff Sessions ( ) Sen. Al Franken ( ) said he was “very troubled” over what he described as Sessions “exaggerating, misrepresenting” his handling of civil rights cases.  Franken said, “We have another day of hearings and I’m going to reserve until I’m able to absorb everything. I was very troubled by the answers to my lines of questioning, particularly on his exaggerating, misrepresenting his history in terms of civil rights cases. He claimed in his questionnaire that he had had a personal  —   he had personally supervised or personal activity on a number of civil rights cases that he later had to produce an addenda to that and  —   addendum  —   and he did exaggerate his history. People who worked on the cases that he named that he had personal experience on, they did not know him or that they had not  —   he had done nothing on those cases. ” He added,”He wasn’t necessarily bringing the case, he was signed on. He said that I filed 20 to 30 civil rights cases involved in desegregating schools and other things and that’s not true as far as we can tell. And then he said that he had personal  —   he had personally taken an active part. He was asked to name the ten cases he had strong personal role in and he named four civil rights cases. It doesn’t appear he had anything to do with them other than having his name filed on them. ” Follow Pam Key on Twitter @pamkeyNEN",0
5954,"A Cheaper Airbag, and Takata’s Road to a Deadly Crisis - The New York Times","In the late 1990s, General Motors got an unexpected and enticing offer. A   Japanese supplier, Takata, had designed a much cheaper automotive airbag. G. M. turned to its airbag supplier  —   the   company Autoliv  —   and asked it to match the cheaper design or risk losing the automaker’s business, according to Linda Rink, who was a senior scientist at Autoliv assigned to the G. M. account at the time. But when Autoliv’s scientists studied the Takata airbag, they found that it relied on a dangerously volatile compound in its inflater, a critical part that causes the airbag to expand. “We just said, ‘No, we can’t do it. We’re not going to use it,’” said Robert Taylor, Autoliv’s head chemist until 2010. Today, that compound is at the heart of the largest automotive safety recall in history. At least 14 people have been killed and more than 100 have been injured by faulty inflaters made by Takata. More than 100 million of its airbags have been installed in cars in the United States by General Motors and 16 other automakers. Details of G. M.’s   process almost 20 years ago, which has not been reported previously, suggest that a quest for savings of just a few dollars per airbag compromised a critical safety device, resulting in passenger deaths. The findings also indicate that automakers played a far more active role in the prelude to the crisis: Rather than being the victims of Takata’s missteps, automakers pressed their suppliers to put cost before all else. “General Motors told us they were going to buy Takata’s inflaters unless we could make a cheaper one,” Ms. Rink said. Her team was told that the Takata inflaters were as much as 30 percent cheaper per module, she added, a potential savings of several dollars per airbag. “That set off a big panic on how to compete. ” Tom Wilkinson, a spokesman for General Motors, which was reorganized as a new company after declaring bankruptcy in 2009, said the Takata discussions “occurred two decades ago between old G. M. and a supplier,” and therefore it was “not appropriate for us to comment. ” “We knew that G. M. was getting   inflaters from others,” said Chris Hock, a former member of Mr. Taylor’s team who left Autoliv in April. “That was a dangerous path. ” Even with the record recall, deadly accidents and research critical of ammonium nitrate, Takata continues to manufacture airbags with the compound  —   and automakers continue to buy them. The airbags appear in the 2016 models of seven automakers, and they are also being installed in cars as replacement airbags for those being recalled. Takata said in a statement that it had taken steps to protect the ammonium nitrate it uses against temperature changes, which along with moisture are the main factors contributing to its volatility. The manufacturer said it was also studying, along with safety regulators and some automakers, inflaters with a drying agent “to better understand and quantify their service life. ” The new airbag came not a moment too soon for Takata. The Japanese supplier had been making seatbelts in the United States since the   but its airbag business, which it began in earnest in the 1990s, was in trouble. A previous generation of airbags supplied to Nissan had the problem of deploying too forcefully. Those airbags were linked to at least 40 eye injuries in the 1990s. Takata began experimenting with alternative propellants. But in 1997 its inflater plant in Moses Lake, Wash. was rocked by a series of explosions that destroyed equipment and greatly curtailed production, according to insurance claims made by the company at the time. After the blast, Takata was forced to buy inflaters from competitors and airlift them to automakers across the country. The company’s American business struggled “to maintain corporate viability,” Takata said in a lawsuit filed against its insurer. It was against that difficult backdrop that Takata embraced the cheaper new compound, ammonium nitrate, in its airbag inflaters, according to former employees. Mark Lillie, who had worked as an engineer at Takata, told The New York Times in 2014 that considerations over cost spurred the supplier to use the compound, despite the dangers associated with it. Mr. Lillie raised concerns over the risks in the late 1990s, but his warnings went unheeded. Around the same time, the team at Autoliv was asked to study the Takata design. Mr. Taylor, the head Autoliv chemist, said his team immediately recognized the risks posed by the ammonium nitrate. “We tore the Takata airbags apart, analyzed all the fuel, identified all the ingredients,” he said. The takeaway, he said, was that when the airbag was detonated, “the gas is generated so fast, it blows the inflater to bits. ” Mr. Hock, the former member of Mr. Taylor’s team, said he recalled carrying out testing on a mock ammonium nitrate inflater that produced explosive results that left his team shaken. “When we lit it off, it totally destroyed the fixture,” he said. “It turned it into shrapnel. ” The former Autoliv scientists said that they considered their verdict against the ammonium nitrate irrefutable, so much so that they understood Autoliv had alerted other automakers to the danger. An Autoliv spokesman declined to comment on the company’s dealings with its automotive customers, which at the time also included Chrysler, Ford, Honda, Mazda, Mitsubishi and Toyota. Though Autoliv continued to supply those companies, several started using Takata’s new airbags in the early to  . Fiat Chrysler declined to comment, while Honda, Mitsubishi and Toyota said that they had not located any pertinent information from that period. “There was no industry understanding in the late 1990s” that ammonium nitrate propellants, or explosives, were risky, Matt Sloustcher, a Honda spokesman, said in an emailed statement. Autoliv’s concerns were backed by   research. Widely available studies going back decades warned of the tricky properties of ammonium nitrate, which can break down when exposed to moisture or temperature changes  —   vital factors, federal regulators said, with the defective Takata airbags. “Some of the worst industrial accidents at the worldwide level involve ammonium nitrate,” Luigi T. De Luca, an Italian academic and a leading expert in solid propellant rockets, said in an email. In a 2003 presentation, a propellant expert at TRW, which also made airbags with ammonium nitrate for several years in the early 2000s, outlined what he called “  issues” with using the compound, warning of “conditions that stimulate an explosive response. ” The expert, Harold R. Blomquist, said that explosive response could be triggered by moisture and by temperature swings. To make the inflaters safe, TRW had adopted several practices, according to Mr. Blomquist’s presentation and a spokesman at TRW. It   its ammonium nitrate to protect it from moisture during the manufacturing process. It fitted its inflaters with a pressure release valve to prevent ammonium nitrate from overpressurizing. And it used advanced welding to keep the inflaters airtight. Those safeguards, however, were not   and the company phased out its use of ammonium nitrate in 2006. (Both Autoliv and TRW now use a propellant based on guanidine nitrate, a compound that is less sensitive to moisture and temperature swings.) The dangers associated with ammonium nitrate made it difficult at times for Takata to find a supplier. An internal memo prepared in March 2000 by the Mississippi Chemical Corporation, an agricultural fertilizer supplier, states that early talks to supply Takata with ammonium nitrate fell apart over liability issues. A handwritten note on the memo notes: “Send letter informing them about explosion hazard. ” Airbag design and performance specifications are set by a consortium of automakers, with little involvement by safety regulators. In congressional testimony, Takata has insisted that specifications set by the automakers did not anticipate the problems caused by exposure to heat and humidity over many years. But a review of the consortium’s design and performance specifications by The Times shows the automotive industry had raised concerns about the risks of ammonium nitrate more than a decade ago. A 2004 update to its specifications singled out ammonium nitrate inflaters and required them to “undergo added stability evaluation. ” The specifications from the consortium, known as the United States Council on Automotive Research, show a clear understanding of the damaging effects of moisture and temperature on airbag explosives. Inflaters must be evaluated for their “resistance to temperature aging in an environment of high humidity,” the specifications said. The problem, it appears, is that no one enforced the specifications. The update in the specifications was issued four years before Honda, the automaker most affected by the defective airbags, started issuing recalls in 2008. It was not until 2013 that other automakers started recalling cars with the airbags. Today, 64 million of the defective airbags have been subject to the recall. The lack of enforcement of the specifications points to the   nature of automotive manufacturing. Joan Claybrook, a former administrator at the National Highway Traffic Safety Administration, said that while the safety agency should have been more engaged, the system places a heavy onus on automakers to make sure that suppliers comply with basic safety standards. “Automakers play a big role,” she said. “They’re expected to be involved with their suppliers in a very detailed way. ” A former Takata engineer who spoke to The Times and who was recently deposed by Honda in litigation with Takata revealed how easily the supplier avoided detection in getting the defective airbags to market. Workers at a   Takata plant in La Grange, Ga. manipulated tests meant to measure whether inflaters were airtight, said the former engineer, who still works in the automotive industry and spoke on the condition of anonymity. His testimony in the lawsuit has not yet been made public. The tests involved inserting a small amount of helium gas into the inflaters. The inflaters were then put in a vacuum. If too much helium was detected outside the inflater, that meant the inflater had a leak, was defective and should be scrapped. But workers at the La Grange factory would take the defective inflaters and test them repeatedly, to deplete the helium. With no helium left inside, the inflaters would pass the test, according to the engineer. The workers would then give the defective inflaters new bar code identifiers, so the repeated testing could not be tracked. The engineer said he questioned his Takata bosses in 2001 about manipulating the tests, but was told “not to come back to any more meetings. ” He left the company later that year. Honda said that it became aware of the manipulated tests only when the engineer was deposed by its lawyers. “Honda expects its suppliers to act with integrity at all times and is deeply troubled by this behavior by one of our suppliers,” the automaker said in a statement. Susan Bairley, a spokeswoman for the consortium led by General Motors, Ford and Chrysler, said it did not keep records “of discussions leading to research results,” so it could not comment on concerns that might have resulted from the 2004 update to its airbag specifications. G. M. and Ford referred questions back to the consortium Fiat Chrysler declined to comment.",0
5955,Gannett Abandons Effort to Buy the Newspaper Publisher Tronc - The New York Times,"For a deal that took six months of battling back and forth, the message of its collapse was cursory. In a brief telephone conversation early Tuesday morning, Robert J. Dickey, the chief executive of the Gannett Company, told his counterpart at the company formerly known as Tribune Publishing that Gannett, the nation’s largest chain of newspapers, was dropping its $680   takeover bid  —   weeks after a price had been agreed upon. A deal would have merged the publisher of USA Today with the owner of The Los Angeles Times and The Chicago Tribune. It was intended to build a scale large enough to cut costs and eke out profits in an industry struggling with shrinking advertising revenue and declining circulations. Over the six months when the two companies sparred over a deal, the advertising market for newspapers was deteriorating. Last week, the banks that would have financed a purchase balked. Now, the two newspaper chains will seek their own diverging paths to meeting the challenges of shrinking advertising revenue and declining circulations. Yet for the acquisitive Gannett, few other newspaper chains offer as much opportunity as the company now known as Tronc. And the former Tribune Publishing is pursuing a   approach to journalism that has led some in the industry to scratch their heads. This account of how the deal fell apart is based on interviews with a number of people close to the negotiations. They were not authorized to speak publicly about confidential discussions. The talks between Gannett and Tronc had a rocky start. Tronc rejected two bids after Gannett first approached it with an offer in April. By August, a higher price brought Tronc back to the negotiating table, but all the while its advisers were skeptical that Gannett could come up with the financing. But by   the two sides shook hands on an   $18.   deal. Gannett had enlisted Jefferies, SunTrust Banks and PNC Financial Services to help finance the deal. The almost $1 billion required would have been one of the most expensive leveraged loans signed this year. Then, last week, Gannett announced layoffs for 2 percent of its work force and quarterly results that showed its print advertising revenue had plummeted. The report raised concerns among both SunTrust and PNC’s internal committees that financing a newspaper merger was too risky, so they balked. Representatives from Jefferies and PNC declined to comment. A SunTrust spokeswoman did not respond to requests seeking comment. In its statement Tuesday morning, Tronc said, “It is unfortunate that Gannett’s lenders made their decision to terminate their role in the transaction without the benefit of Tronc’s   financials or any future projections. ” Tronc’s results on Tuesday also showed declines in advertising revenue. Though two of Gannett’s banks walked, a third, Jefferies, was still committed. And other potential lenders had reached out to Gannett to see if they could help get a deal done. As recently as Saturday morning, Tronc was under the impression that Gannett still wanted to pursue the combination. But when Gannett’s board met Monday night, it was clear that the will to persist with a transaction had faded. Tronc had pushed Gannett to agree to a deal that was the pinnacle of what the company could pay  —   and as their industry deteriorated, Gannett no longer wanted to pay it. In a statement on Tuesday, Gannett said that it “had a number of financing options available and determined to terminate discussions with Tronc after considering both accretion to shareholders and whether the terms make sense for the company. ” Shares of Tronc tumbled more than 20 percent on Tuesday, before closing down more than 12 percent. Shares of Gannett declined 2. 3 percent. Its stock price has declined more than 50 percent since it made its acquisition proposal public in April. For the newspaper industry broadly, the collapse of the deal was another indication of the financial uncertainty facing it. An acquisition of Tronc would have been an aggressive bet by Gannett, which has traditionally bought newspapers in small or midsize markets. A deal for the owner of newspapers like The Los Angeles Times and The Chicago Tribune could have helped Gannett attract more lucrative national advertising and achieve savings by combining some operations. Gannett’s deal making has been watched closely in a media industry that is desperately trying to find new sources of revenue as print advertising income continues to decline. Part of its strategy has been to offset advertising declines by acquiring more papers and the revenue that comes with them. “What Gannett’s trying to do is aggregate as many eyeballs as they can to become big enough to be the last one standing,” said Alan D. Mutter, who teaches media economics at the University of California, Berkeley and writes about the media on the blog Reflections of a Newsosaur. Earlier this year, Gannett acquired the Journal Media Group for about $280 million, adding 15 daily newspapers including The Milwaukee Journal Sentinel. It also recently bought the North Jersey Media Group, which owns The Record of Bergen County, N. J. But as it has spread across the United States, Gannett has garnered a reputation as a brutal   stripping out excess and sometimes cutting to the bone in a quest for profit. Over the years, it has bought newspapers, then consolidated printing operations at regional presses and shuttered redundant facilities. It has moved newspaper production to central hubs, sold off real estate and laid off thousands of employees. When asked about Gannett’s appetite for acquisitions during its earnings call last Thursday, Mr. Dickey, the chief executive of Gannett, said the company was “committed to the strategy of building out our local footprint. ” There are a dwindling number of potential targets left that could give Gannett greater scale. Lee Enterprises, which owns more than 40 daily newspapers, including The St. Louis   has a market capitalization of about $150 million, less than half the size of Tronc. Both A. H. Belo Corporation, which publishes The Dallas Morning News, and the McClatchy Company, publisher of The Miami Herald and The Fresno Bee, are even smaller. For Tronc, the collapse of the deal gives the company a chance to see through some of the investments it has made in technology. Michael W. Ferro Jr. a technology entrepreneur who in February took a $44 million stake in Tribune Publishing and became its executive chairman, has promoted a   approach with concepts like artificial intelligence and new bureaus for The Los Angeles Times in cities like Lagos, Nigeria, and Hong Kong that he has insisted will increase the value of the company beyond Gannett’s offer. In June, Mr. Ferro changed the company’s name to Tronc, which stands for Tribune Online Content, and moved the stock listing to the Nasdaq stock market from the New York Stock Exchange to make it seem more like a    technology  . On Tuesday, Justin Dearborn, Tronc’s chief executive, noted “the distractions” the company has faced in pursuing a sale to Gannett. He added, “While we are in the early stages of executing our strategy, we remain confident in the strength of our core brands and assets and committed to our   plans. ”",0
5956,Ikea crea un carril rápido para solteros,"Ikea crea un carril rápido para solteros LOS CLIENTES CON PAREJA PODRÁN USAR EL CARRIL A LA TERCERA DISCUSIÓN, CUANDO LA RUPTURA SEA IRREVERSIBLE solteros 
Con el fin de que las parejas que discuten y bloquean los pasillos no ralenticen a los clientes solteros, el fabricante de muebles Ikea ha decidido habilitar un carril rápido para solteros en todos sus establecimientos. “Muchos se quedaron sin pareja tras una visita a Ikea, es lo mínimo que podemos hacer por ellos”, ha declarado esta mañana Tolga Öncü, director general de Ikea Ibérica y lámpara de techo. 
“Las discusiones matrimoniales en los pasillos solían crear embudos y se formaban largas retenciones que en ocasiones colapsaban varias secciones”, constata Godmorron Martínez, de la sección de dormitorios. “Con tantas aglomeraciones se perdían muchos niños y luego había que reutilizarlos como muebles o cajeros”, asegura Isfjorden Rodríguez, de menaje. 
Asimismo, la empresa ha construido una rotonda en la sección de plantas para facilitar la incorporación de los solteros a la línea de cajas y, con el objetivo de evitar que algún marido se aproveche de la iniciativa, los clientes que entren con pareja sólo podrán sumarse al carril de solteros tras la tercera discusión, cuando la ruptura de lazos afectivos sea irreversible. Un asesor matrimonial a sueldo de la empresa será el encargado de dictaminar si la pareja está completamente rota o si todavía está abierta a una segunda oportunidad. 
A partir de ahora, los solteros que se conozcan en Ikea podrán intimar en las camas de la sección de dormitorios con la idea de que acaben formando una nueva pareja que vuelva a Ikea y acabe rompiendo en el establecimiento, perpetuando así el ciclo de enamoramiento y ruptura que ha convertido la empresa en líder de su sector.",0
5957,North Carolina and Mississippi See Tourist Backlash After L.G.B.T. Laws - The New York Times,"The reaction has been swift. The singer Bryan Adams canceled his concert in Mississippi in protest against what he called an “ . G. B. T. ” law, and the actress Sharon Stone decided not to film a movie there. In North Carolina, Bruce Springsteen, Ringo Starr, Pearl Jam and Ani DiFranco have canceled shows in response to a law regulating transgender bathroom access. While the celebrity response is drawing considerable attention, the travel industry in each state is more concerned about   visitors: the everyday tourists who have already begun canceling trips or planning vacations elsewhere. Both states have been hit by hotel cancellations from tourists who spend a combined tens of billions of dollars annually, and though the effect is difficult to quantify so early on, local hotels, tourist boards, industry associations and government officials fear that a boycott will continue to dampen business. Making matters tougher for the businesses, the Foreign Office in Britain has issued an advisory for lesbian, gay, bisexual and transgender travelers going to the two states based on the laws. The effect is already being felt in North Carolina, which last month passed a law that limits transgender people to using bathrooms that match the sex on their birth certificates. Tourism is a crucial driver of the economy in the state, the sixth   in the country, where domestic travelers spent a record $21. 3 billion in 2014, according to Visit North Carolina, the state’s tourist board. In Charlotte, which has a large convention center, more than 20 conventions have either canceled or are no longer considering holding their event in the state, resulting in a loss so far of around $2. 5 million, according to the Charlotte Regional Visitors Authority. The Westin Charlotte, a Starwood property next to the convention center, is also seeing a dip. “Over 55 percent of our business comes from groups, and 11 groups have pulled us from consideration” because of the law, said David Montgomery, the property’s director of sales and marketing at the hotel, which has hung a large banner that says “Always Welcome” on its exterior, part of a campaign by the local tourism authority. Dr. Barbara Risman, a sociology professor at the University of Illinois at Chicago and the former president of the Southern Sociological Society, a   group dedicated to sociological research, recently canceled the group’s conference of 1, 200 attendees at the Westin, scheduled for 2019, because of the law. “We don’t want to spend our money in a state that discriminates against the L. G. B. T. community,” she said, “and since our members often bring their families along to the conferences and stay in the destination for a few days after for fun, we’re talking about tourist dollars from airfare, hotel rooms and meals not going to Charlotte. ” Gov. Pat McCrory of North Carolina, though, says a Charlotte ordinance set in motion the law he signed last month. Mr. McCrory, whose office did not respond to requests for comment, said on “Meet the Press” recently that the law was an attempt to counter a city ordinance banning discrimination against gays, lesbians, bisexual and transgender people. Regardless of the locus of the political tensions, the cancellations are being reported statewide. Marriott International, with 134 properties across its portfolio of brands in North Carolina, and Starwood Hotels  Resorts Worldwide, with 20, are also seeing canceled reservations. In an email, Ken Siegel, Starwood’s chief administrative officer and general counsel, said, “Anecdotally, we know that some guests have canceled bookings at our North Carolina properties after the law passed to take their business outside of the state. ” Thomas Maloney, the senior director of government affairs for Marriott, said its properties’ handful of cancellations may not have a big financial effect now, but the brand was taking a longer view. “The biggest risk we are looking to measure is not cancellations right now but bookings that don’t come in down the line,” he said. Smaller companies are not being spared, either. “We’ve had several guests, who stated that they are not gay or transgender, cancel their stay with us because of this issue,” said Amanda Sullivan, the director of marketing and public relations at the Old Edwards Inn and Spa, a Relais  Chateaux property in the Blue Ridge Mountains. Mississippi is facing its own backlash among tourists in response to a law that allows people to discriminate against gays, lesbians, bisexual and transgender people based on religious grounds. Like North Carolina, the state is highly dependent on its travel industry. In 2015, travel and tourism total employment  —   direct, indirect and induced  —   was 117, 685, or 10. 5 percent of statewide employment, according to Visit Mississippi. Gov. Phil Bryant of Mississippi did not respond to requests for comment but said on Twitter that hotel occupancy rates at   hotels had risen compared with those a year ago. Anecdotal evidence suggests that the trend may not hold. Linda G. Hornsby, the executive director of the Mississippi Hotel  Lodging Association, a group of more than 300 hotels, said that her organization’s member hotels had reported some cancellations. One family who will not be coming had plans to visit Delta blues attractions and Bay St. Louis, according to Mike Cashion, the executive director of the Mississippi Hospitality  Restaurant Association, who wrote a letter to the Mississippi House of Representatives relaying the immediate and worrisome effect on the travel industry because of the state’s bill. “That family is going to New Orleans and Galveston instead, and they are not an isolated example,” he said. Jay Hughes, a Democratic member of the Mississippi House of Representatives for District 12, which includes the city of Oxford, famous for its rich literary culture, also reported seeing several cancellations. “Tourism is not a cottage industry for us. It is a key economic driver, and the economic toll of people not coming to visit our state” because the law “is unpredictable and definitely real,” he said. Oxford, in particular, is a big tourist draw. With a population of only around 20, 000, the visitor spending there in 2015 was $134. 8 million, according to the local tourist council, Visit Oxford. Travel industry executives and officials in North Carolina and in Mississippi are attempting to counter the message that they say the legislation delivers. Mr. Hughes on April 12 introduced the Mississippi Economic Tourism and Recovery Act to the House, which would prevent businesses and individuals from discriminating against the lesbian, gay, bisexual and transgender community. Marriott International’s president and chief executive, Arne Sorenson, is one of several heads of hospitality companies who have signed an open letter to Mr. McCrory of North Carolina asking for the repeal of the bathroom law. That letter was written by the Human Rights Campaign, the nation’s largest gay rights organization, and Equality North Carolina, the state organization working to secure equal rights for lesbian, gay, bisexual and transgender North Carolinians. Christopher J. Nassetta, president and chief executive of Hilton Worldwide, and Tom Mangas, chief executive of Starwood, also signed the letter. Mr. Nassetta signed a similar letter the Human Rights Campaign wrote to Mr. Bryant of Mississippi asking for the law to be repealed. Local tourist organizations, too, are taking action. On April 13, the Charlotte Regional Visitors Authority launched an Always Welcome campaign to convey the city’s inclusive culture. Businesses around town are participating by posting banners and signs with the Always Welcome logo. The Mississippi travel industry is also expressing a welcoming attitude in dealing with the effects of the bill that was passed there on March 30. Linda G. Hornsby of the Mississippi Hotel and Lodging Association said: “The first thing we did after the bill was passed was to put up a banner on our website that says, ‘Everyone Is Welcome Here,’ because that’s how we feel. This law is not what Mississippi is about. ”",0
5958,"American Dream, Revisited","License DMCA 
Will Trump pull a Brexit times 10? What would it take, beyond WikiLeaks, to bring the Clinton (cash) machine down? Will Hillary win and then declare WWIII against her Russia/Iran/Syria axis of evil ? Will the Middle East totally explode? Will the pivot to Asia totally implode? Will China be ruling the world by 2025? 
Amidst so many frenetic fragments of geopolitical reality precariously shored against our ruins, the temptation is irresistible to hark back to the late, great, deconstructionist master Jean Baudrillard. During the post-mod 1980s it was hip to be Baudrillardian to the core; his America, originally published in France in 1986, should still be read today as the definitive metaphysical/geological/cultural Instagram of Exceptionalistan. 
By the late 1990s, at the end of the millennium, two years before 9/11 -- that seminal before and after event -- Baudrillard was already stressing how we live in a black market maze. Now, it's a black market paroxysm. 
Global multitudes are subjected to a black market of work -- as in the deregulation of the official market; a black market of unemployment; a black market of financial speculation; a black market of misery and poverty; a black market of sex (as in prostitution); a black market of information (as in espionage and shadow wars); a black market of weapons; and even a black market of thinking. 
Way beyond the late 20th century, in the 2010s what the West praises as liberal democracy -- actually a neoliberal diktat -- has virtually absorbed every ideological divergence, while leaving behind a heap of differences floating in some sort of trompe l'oeil effect. What's left is a widespread, noxious condition; the pre-emptive prohibition of any critical thought, which has no way to express itself other than becoming clandestine (or finding the right internet niche). - Advertisement - 
Baudrillard already knew that the concept of alter -- killed by conviviality -- does not exist in the official market. So an alter black market also sprung up, co-opted by traffickers; that's, for instance, the realm of racism, nativism and other forms of exclusion. Baudrillard already identified how a contraband alter , expressed by sects and every form of nationalism (nowadays, think about the spectrum between jihadism and extreme-right wing political parties) was bound to become more virulent in a society that is desperately intolerant, obsessed with regimentation, and totally homogenized. 
There could be so much exhilaration inbuilt in life lived in a bewildering chimera cocktail of cultures, signs, differences and values; but then came the coupling of thinking with its exact IT replica -- artificial intelligence, playing with the line of demarcation between human and non-human in the domain of thought. 
The result, previewed by Baudrillard, was the secretion of a parapolitical society -- with a sort of mafia controlling this secret form of generalized corruption (think the financial Masters of the Universe). Power is unable to fight this mafia -- and that would be, on top of it, hypocritical, because the mafia itself emanates from power. 
The end result is that what really matters today, anywhere, mostly tends to happen outside all official circuits; like in a social black market. 
Is there any information truth? - Advertisement - 
Baudrillard showed how political economy is a massive machine, producing value, producing signs of wealth, but not wealth itself. The whole media/information system -- still ruled by America -- is a massive machine producing events as signs; exchangeable value in the universal market of ideology, the star system and catastrophism. 
This abstraction of information works as in the economy -- disgorging a coded material, deciphered in advance, and negotiable in terms of models, as much as the economy disgorges products negotiable in terms of price and value. 
Since all merchandise, thanks to this abstraction of value, is exchangeable, then every event (or non-event) is also exchangeable, all replacing one another in the cultural market of information. 
And that takes us to where we live now; Trans-History, and Trans-Politics -- where events have really not happened, as they get lost in the vacuum of information (as much as the economy gets lost in the vacuum of speculation).",0
5959,New Memoirs Show How the Other Half Lives - The New York Times,"It might be said that the presidential candidacy of Donald Trump has something in common with Hurricane Katrina. In exposing how a major American city can share traits with the developing world, the storm broke apart one of America’s prevailing ideas about itself: the myth that for all our inequities and intractable social blights, this is still fundamentally a land of equal opportunity. Trump, through sheer dint of his own bluster, has conducted his own version of this exposé. By forcing   liberal types to reckon with a demographic they had long dismissed as a punch line  —     uneducated whites in economically depleted regions  —   he awakened them to the fact that the groovy progressive social values they had assumed were a national fait accompli were actually only half the story. J. D. Vance, a son of Appalachian poverty who eventually graduated from Yale Law School and now works in Silicon Valley, has found himself lately in the position of both telling that story and translating its political nuances into terms easily understood by coastal elites more accustomed to caricatures. His   HILLBILLY ELEGY: A Memoir of a Family and Culture in Crisis (  $27. 99) is an affectionate yet unflinching look at growing up in social and domestic chaos in southwestern Ohio. Since his people originally come from Kentucky coal country, Vance claims the right to call himself a hillbilly. He does so with pride, but his family dysfunction is baroque, to say the least. His   mother nearly kills him, yet he refuses to testify against her in court in order to spare her jail time. His grandmother, who’s the most stable force in his life, is famous for having poured gasoline on his grandfather and dropping a lighted match on his chest. (Their    put the fire out, and the grandfather survived with just mild burns.) Vance escapes by way of the Marines, then Ohio State University, then Yale Law School, where he discovers a provincialism opposite but nearly equal to the kind he grew up with. Many of his classmates have never spent time with a veteran of a recent war. One professor, apparently unaware that public universities are a lifeline for smart,   kids, suggests that the law school “shouldn’t accept applicants from   state schools. ” Too often, America’s longstanding discomfort with talking candidly about social class can make memoirs about hardscrabble upbringings sound like public service announcements. But if Vance is an adroit enough storyteller, he’s a fiercely astute social critic of the sort we desperately need right now. Instead of cleaving his narrative to a political or ideological agenda, he wrestles honestly with the messy contradictions inherent to any conversation about race or class. For all his affection and empathy for his hillbilly brethren, he’s not afraid to show the ways opportunities can be squandered not just by addiction or systemic failure but also out of laziness or stubbornness. “Our homes are a chaotic mess,” he writes. “We scream and yell at each other like we’re spectators at a football game. . ’u2008. ’u2008. A bad day is when the neighbors call the police to stop the drama. Our kids go to foster care but never stay for long. We apologize to our kids. The kids believe we’re really sorry, and we are. But then we act just as mean a few days later. ” A similar frankness animates Josephine Ensign’s CATCHING HOMELESSNESS: A Nurse’s Story of Falling Through the Safety Net (She Writes Press, paper, $16. 95). Ensign, who now teaches at the University of Washington, traces several years in the late 1980s when she headed up a   medical clinic for the homeless in Richmond, Va. At 25, she has studied at Oberlin and Harvard but is still beholden to the legacy of her Bible Belt family, which is “riddled with Christian zealots, ministers and missionaries” and has put her in a “   marriage” to an aspiring preacher. As she cares for patients with AIDS, tuberculosis, scabies and   wounds, Ensign has a child and lives with growing reluctance “within the clearly defined roles of Southern Christian white women: a sort of   to those suffering from   poverty and homelessness, a dutiful daughter, a wife and a mother. ” Though Ensign manages to avoid catching a communicable disease from her patients and even survives a needle stick that forces her to stop nursing her son until the patient could test negative for hepatitis and H. I. V. she finds she’s vulnerable to some of the same forces that ravage the lives of her patient population. Over the next several years, her marriage falls apart, she loses (or gives up it’s not entirely clear) custody of her toddler, is forced out of the clinic for thwarting Christian values and winds up effectively homeless. How and why exactly all this transpires is hard to say, mostly because Ensign never really says. As if under a gag order, she skates over the details of her divorce and parenting arrangement and takes the reader headlong into a phase where she is, by turns, suicidal, addicted to exercise and sexually promiscuous. If “Catching Homelessness” doesn’t quite work as a memoir, it succeeds rather heroically on the level of document. Ensign takes us back to a time when   psychiatric facilities had only recently attempted to integrate patients back into the community and “street people” were a relative novelty in some cities. Moreover, she looks head on at the particularities of homelessness in the South, the complexities of the racial divide and the fraught legacy of whites as savior figures. Writing about attending the funeral of a patient so estranged from his relatives that he had made her his next of kin, she recalls seeing his family for the first time: “He had never mentioned them, never asked for them in his final days. He died alone. They were black, I was white and we were in the capital of the Confederacy, where it’s not easy to be  . ” Some 400 miles to the southwest and some four decades earlier, Wilma Dykeman, then in her 20s, was writing her own story of grace and moral gravity in Appalachia. Though she would go on to publish 18 books, many dealing with issues around civil rights and environmental activism, Dykeman’s memoir, FAMILY OF EARTH: A Southern Mountain Childhood (University of North Carolina, paper, $18) wasn’t discovered until her death in 2006. In print for the first time, it’s a haunting and exquisite book, not to mention a rare exception to the rule that no one so young should write a memoir. Even without much life experience, Dykeman has a great deal to say about life. “Family of Earth” is ultimately a tribute to the author’s father, who was 60 when she was born and died when she was 14. Cleverly organizing her book into 14 chapters, each accounting for a year of her life with her father, Dykeman somehow manages to make even her infancy and toddlerhood worthy of reflection. “But what takes place in that first year?” she writes. “When does the fresh papyrus of memory begin to record the cuneiform symbols of what was said, or who dropped the white china plate and broke it to bits, or when the sun shone or the snow fell?” Later, with less romanticism if equal virtuosity, she describes the cruel cycle of afflictions endemic to poorer neighbors: “I can remember being repulsed and being held by the gaunt unhealthiness of their faces. . ’u2008. ’u2008. Nothing came beautiful and free alone there was some element of worry, of sickness, death, or ruined crops, in every season and every day. ” Vance and Ensign might see their figurative if not literal ancestors in this description, and   readers may see the roots of Trumpism in those ruined crops and worried faces. But to read “Family of Earth” is to fall into the embrace of a Southern landscape that, in the hands of this author, is as cerebral as it is sensual, that gives us not just the bad news about the state of our union but grants a special wisdom to those willing to look beyond regionalism and actually understand something about a region. It shouldn’t take a storm  —   or a turbulent political season  —   to confer such lessons.",0
5960,Chinese Military Enters Afghanistan Fray with Pentagon’s Knowledge,"The United States is aware of, but not openly reacting to, Chinese military ground operations inside   Afghanistan. [Adam Stump, a Department of Defense (DoD) spokesman, confirmed to Breitbart News that the Pentagon is fully “aware” of the communist country’s military operations on Afghan soil, adding that the U. S. mission continues apace.  China’s autonomous region of Xinjiang, home to the country’s largest concentration of its Muslim Uighur minority, borders Afghanistan. Uighurs fighting with the Islamic State ( ) which has established a presence in the   region, recently vowed to return to China and “shed blood like rivers” in an ISIS propaganda video. In recent months, news reports from the communist country’s regional rival India have repeatedly claimed that Beijing has carried out military patrols inside its neighbor Afghanistan. Asked to comment on China conducting military patrols on Afghan soil, the DoD spokesman told Breitbart News: We’re aware of the reporting.  For any details or goals, you would need to talk to the Chinese or Afghans. Our primary mission remains to protect the homeland by preventing Afghanistan from being used again as a safe haven for terrorists to attack the United States or our allies.  Complementing the U. S. counterterrorism mission in Afghanistan is NATO’s Resolute Support Mission. This operation, the largest and longest in NATO’s history, focuses on training, advising, and assisting the Afghan National Defense and Security Forces and the Afghan Security Institutions to achieve a secure and stable Afghanistan. At Kabul’s request, China began to provide military aid to Afghanistan via a Russia last year, as former President Barack Obama’s administration further reduced the U. S. military presence in the country amid deteriorating security conditions. Military Times reports: There is mounting evidence that Chinese ground troops are operating inside Afghanistan, conducting joint   patrols with Afghan forces along a   stretch of their shared border and fueling speculation that Beijing is preparing to play a significantly greater role in the country’s security once the U. S. and NATO leave. The full scope of China’s involvement remains unclear, and the Pentagon is unwilling to discuss it. “We know that they are there, that they are present,” a Pentagon spokesman said. Yet beyond a subtle acknowledgement, U. S. military officials in Washington and in Kabul would not respond to several detailed questions submitted by Military Times. The Pentagon referred Breitbart News to the Chinese and Afghan governments for more details on China’s role in Afghanistan. China and Afghanistan have denied the news reports about Chinese military ground patrols inside the   nation. “But then there’s this peculiarity: In January, Chinese media circulated a report about Chinese troops allegedly rescuing a U. S. special forces team that had been attacked in Afghanistan,” notes Military Times. “The story is likely bogus propaganda, and U. S. officials in Afghanistan say no U. S. personnel have been part of any operations involving Chinese forces, but it would seem to underscore the two countries’ shared interest in combating terrorism there. ” China is concerned about the terrorism threat emanating from the   region, home to 20 of the 98 U. S. or United   terrorists organizations around the world, according to the U. S. military. In particular, the    Uighur group known as the East Turkestan Islamic Movement and ISIS threaten China.",0
5961,Forrest Gump was right on!,"Forrest Gump was right on! By Philip A Farruggio Posted on November 3, 2016 by Philip A Farruggio 
If one remembers the 1994 film Forrest Gump, one should recall his famous quote: Stupid is as stupid does. Well, he must have been clairvoyant as to our Amerikan public, as least those of us who vote. Factoring out we who refuse to support this Two Party con job, we are left with the overwhelming numbers who will ‘follow the herd’ and vote for either of the two scoundrels running for president. 
The Trump supporters are made up of millions of angry white males, with a smithering of angry white females to join them. Many of these folks, and this writer sees them throughout my town of 60,000, live in substandard housing (many in mobile home parks ) and drive older vehicles. Yet , they are aroused and volunteering for a spoiled rich guy who never had to worry about his housing or any living expenses. They are standing on street corners holding signs for a megalomaniac billionaire who only played by the rules of the corporate empire and never the needs of working stiffs. They are so angry at the so-called system that they support a man who has represented it his entire adult life. Sadly, these angry white folks buy into Trump’s populist rhetoric, caring not for the fact that he supports what Eisenhower warned us of: The Military Industrial Complex, a.k.a. empire! Trump will spend more and more of their working stiff hard earned tax money on the military, surpassing even what the Bush cabal and Obama ‘hope and change’ phonies have spent: over 50% of federal tax revenues!! 
Now we come to the other Stupid is as stupid does electorate: The Ms. Killary supporters. This is a person who has supported her husband’s welfare reform bill, which incidentally, hurt millions of poor people of color. She supported his NATO bombing campaigns in what was once Yugoslavia, which helped to nurture the very fanatical Islamic jihadists that were the precursor to Al-Qaeda and ISIL. Ms. Killary supported NAFTA and GATT and WTO (Google them for references to trade deals that destroyed American jobs), which is one of the things that the idiot Trump rightfully is against. During her days as secretary of state for the stooge Obama, Ms. Killary actually pushed him to sign onto the NATO carpet bombing of Libya, taking out Gaddafi (remember her famous ‘We came, we saw he died’ laughter after they tortured Gaddafi by sticking a bayonet up his rectum and then killing him? ). She then supported the coup that took out the socialist and truly populist president of Honduras, and the coup that did the same for the president of the Ukraine (who committed the sin of being pro Russia), replacing him with obvious neo fascists (why quiet about that Mr. Netanyahu of Israel? ). Ms. Killary publicly states, with compunction, that the war criminal Henry Kissinger ‘is a friend and I relied on his counsel while I was secretary of state.’. This is the war criminal that so many working stiffs of all colors will be supporting November 8, who, by the way, will continue her New Cold War with Russia rhetoric into the White House and also, like Trump, sally up to the Military Industrial Complex, a.k.a. empire. 
So, there you have it. The circus has truly come to town . . . but who are the clowns? Are they the ones who tell me all the time that my vote for Jill Stein of the Green Party or my conservative friend’s vote for the Libertarian Party’s Johnson are ‘wasted votes’? Is that what they call pragmatism, voting for the lesser of two evils or voting not for someone, rather voting against someone else? To this writer a pragmatist is the guy facing the firing squad who asks for a blindfold. Either way, he’s gonna be dead!! 
Philip A Farruggio is son and grandson of Brooklyn, NY, longshoremen. A graduate of Brooklyn College (class of ’74 with a BA in Speech & Theater), he is a freelance columnist posted on World News Trust, Nation of Change Blog, Op Ed News,TheSleuthJournal.com, Intrepid Report, Information Clearing House, Dandelion Salad, Activist Post, Dissident Voice, Counterpunch and many other sites worldwide. Philip works as an environmental products sales rep and has been a street corner protest activist leader and Green Party member since 2000. In 2010 he became a local spokesperson for the 25% Solution Movement to Save Our Cities by cutting military spending 25%. Philip can be reached at .",0
5962,6 Natural Herbs To Prevent Mental Disorders,"By Alma Causey When it comes to our health, we do everything humanly possible to maintain it. However, when it comes to our mental well-being, we often ignore our emotional extremes and mood swings.... ",0
5963,NYPD Cop Who Killed Eric Garner to be Indicted on Civil Rights Violations,"NYPD Cop Who Killed Eric Garner to be Indicted on Civil Rights Violations   Anon HQ 
In a surprising move by the Justice Department, it seems as though an indictment of the NYPD officer who killed Eric Garner may be on the horizon. Officer Daniel Pantaleo was caught on cell phone footage, filmed choking the life out of Garner on a Staten Island street corner. After two years of public outrage – in the failure to prosecute Pantaleo and an internal conflict at the DOJ, reports have surfaced, indicating that Pantaleo will stand trial for civil rights violations. 
One would think that the video evidence of Garner’s murder would be enough to convict Pantaleo on a minimum voluntary manslaughter. A Staten Island grand jury failed to indict him on a charge of murder, which was presented to them last year. Again, the grand jury system is a fraud when it comes to police killings, as the prosecutor has sole discretion to prosecute. The grand jury system is used to placate the public, and this case was no different. Aside from the local authorities failing to prosecute, the FBI and the Justice Department lawyers handling the case out of Brooklyn didn’t believe there was sufficient evidence to bring a federal civil rights violation charge. In order to do so, they would have to prove that Pantaleo intended to violate Garner’s civil rights. 
“It’s going to happen sooner than later,” said an unnamed source within the investigation. “Washington wants to indict him.” This information came out after the entire team of federal prosecutors was replaced. 
It is difficult to avoid the appearance of a cover-up when all of the initial investigators found nothing wrong with the actions taken by Pantaleo, which resulted in Garner’s death. The fact that he used an illegal chokehold – which had been outlawed – seemed to make little impact on their decision. All the while, Pantaleo has been riding a desk and collecting his substantial six figure salary from the NYPD. 
Up until now, the only person to have been penalized for Garner’s death is Sgt. Kizzy Adonis, who was the supervisor on scene. The only charge was internal, not criminal, for failure to properly supervise. Adonis said in regards to the incident “the perpetrator’s condition did not seem serious and… he did not appear to get worse.” The outright lies told by police, when covering up their crimes, is enough to make your blood boil. Nothing about Adonis’ statement had any truth to it, as Garner pleaded for help and ultimately died on scene. Hard to believe anyone wouldn’t define death as “getting worse.” 
Although a federal charge seems imminent, an indictment is only the beginning of a very long battle. The fact that Pantaleo was brought before a grand jury only to have them not indict, doesn’t look good for prosecutors. Even if the presentation was one-sided and an obvious fix, the defense can use it to demonstrate internal conflict and therefore, argue that the case is in fact, politically driven. It doesn’t help matters when the jury finds out that the original prosecutors did not feel a charge was warranted and had been removed from the case. Presenting the internal conflict will not sit well with a jury. 
The New York Daily News spoke with an anonymous former federal prosecutor who stated “If I’m Pantaleo’s defense lawyer, I want all the internal communications that the prosecutors were fighting about.” Obtaining specific details of the internal conflicts would indeed sway a jury. On the flip-side, he stated, “The government will argue, though, that it is internal deliberations and that you can’t cross-examine witnesses about what the prosecutors think about their case.” Others contend that the former prosecutors would be barred from being involved in the indictment and not allowed to give any testimony for the defense or prosecution. With the burden of proof falling on the shoulders of the DOJ, despite the clear-cut murder that took place, they’ll fight an uphill battle in court. 
The Police Benevolent Association has denied that Pantaleo ever used a chokehold, and believes the entire issue is a moot point. Despite their cherry picking their own beliefs, they can’t cherry pick their own facts in this case, as the video speaks for itself. While Pantaleo needs to stand trial for the death of Eric Garner, attempting to prove his intent is going to be difficult. It is unfortunate that the need to define Pantaleo’s intent is overshadowing the true tragedy of this case: the very death of justice.",0
5964,Re: Don’t worry about Hillary: BuzzFeed confirms she remained totally super awesome while under siege,"Don’t worry about Hillary: BuzzFeed confirms she remained totally super awesome while under siege Posted at 5:54 pm on October 29, 2016 by Brett T. Share on Facebook Share on Twitter 
Well, this wasn’t altogether unexpected. After news broke Friday that the FBI had uncovered new information pertinent to its investigation into Hillary Clinton, it wasn’t long before reporters, as predicted, began filing stories about Republicans “pouncing” on the news . 
That’s all well and good — everyone knew those mean Republicans would attack. As always, Clinton put up a brave front, challenging the FBI to go public with whatever it had, possibly including classified documents related to an ongoing federal investigation. 
But did anyone think to really check on the Democratic candidate? How was she holding up behind the scenes? Pretty well, it seems. BuzzFeed’s Ruby Cramer provided readers with an insider’s look at Hillary’s super-weird day under siege. Your guide to the *weirdest* yet most totally normal day on the plane w/Clinton—a candidate unfazed when under seige https://t.co/i3xwJ1T4Bn 
— Ruby Cramer (@rubycramer) October 29, 2016 
So relax, everyone: there’s no need whatsoever to lose sleep on Clinton’s behalf. Even while besieged by the continuing fallout of a scandal of her own making, she was “almost bizarrely unfazed by crisis.” @rubycramer @maggieNYT this woman is tougher than any man i no of 
— allen stubbs (@NASTY4HRC) October 29, 2016 
OMG, right? Totally. @rubycramer ""a candidate unfazed when under siege"" 
That's what I like. 
— Jaymes Winn (@jaymeswinn) October 29, 2016 @rubycramer @maggieNYT This woman is a rock of strength! That is the mark of a true leader! 
— M. Stein (@MStein2016) October 29, 2016 @rubycramer @BuzzFeedNews good piece. She's made of steel, our Hillary.",0
5965,Taking the Woo-Woo Out of Meditation,"Taking the Woo-Woo Out of Meditation Oct 27, 2016 0 0 
Which will it be? Zazen, Vipassana, Transcendental, Mantra, Dzogchen, Mindfulness, or one of the numerous other types of mediation? With everyone from business tycoons to sixth-generation monks practicing meditation, along with people like rapper, 50 Cent, publishing mogul, Rupert Murdock, singers, Sting, and Alanis Morisette – how do you pick through the woo-woo and get to the nitty gritty facts about a meditation practice? 
Fortunately, meditation has been proven beyond the fairy tale images of cross-legged sadhus, mendicants, sages and yogis peacefully serene in some verdant forest or awe-inspiring temple. There are now over 3,000 scientific studies on the benefits of meditation, with more coming to the fore all the time. 
Both alternative-medicine gurus and Harvard researchers alike have now picked apart various types of meditation to learn that it is more effective than just sitting still , but all it really amounts to is this: learning to do one thing, mindfully, at one time . 
Meditation has been proven to boost immunity, reduce depression and anxiety, increase empathy, and boost creativity. It can even help improve emotional intelligence and help wounds heal faster. It isn’t a magic pill, but it might come close. 
Here’s a shocking truth about meditation, though. It won’t solve all your problems. As Jack Kornfield, a man responsible for helping to popularize meditation in the West in the 1970s has written , 
“While I benefited enormously from the training in the Thai and Burmese monasteries where I practiced, I noticed two striking things. First, there were major areas of difficulty in my life, such as loneliness, intimate relationships, work, childhood wounds, and patterns of fear that even very deep meditation didn’t touch. 
“Second, among the several dozen Western monks (and lots of Asian meditators) I met during my time in Asia, with a few notable exceptions, most were not helped by meditation in big areas of their lives. Meditation and spiritual practice can easily be used to suppress and avoid feeling or to escape from difficult areas of our lives.” 
Here’s what meditation will do for you. Meditation is like working out for the brain. If you flex a muscle often enough, it becomes stronger. For many of us, focus is transient. If we try really hard, we might be able to focus for a few minutes. Most of us really only concentrate on one thing at a time for seconds. T he average person thinks approximately 48.6 thoughts per minute, according to the Laboratory of Neuro Imaging at the University of Southern California. That adds up to a total of 70,000 thoughts per day . 
Now ask yourself, among those many thousands of thoughts, which are constructive? Which are about the present moment, and not about hopes for the future or fears from the past? Which thoughts are happy? Which are sad? Which are helping you to achieve what you want in this lifetime, and which thoughts are holding you back? Do your thoughts help you to merge seemingly inconsistent facts in reality, or are they just a random mess which you can never seem to make sense out of? Are you regularly thinking calm, focused thoughts, or are they scattered? 
While different types of meditation affect us variously, they all make lasting changes in the brain, no differently than if you were to practice playing the piano every day, or if you consistently went to the gym and lifted weights. For example: 
Vipassana meditation also known as insight meditation has this effect on the brain: It creates a thicker right insula which is involved in the cognitive-emotional processes which create greater empathy and self-awareness . The right temporal area of the brain has increased blood flow and activity. This area is responsible for the process of hearing . The right parietal area is greatly activated. This area of the brain is in charge of processing touch . Attention and focus are increased as evidenced by a thicker right frontal cortex. Brain wave changes include increased activity within the left-prefrontal cortex is associated with positive affect and happiness. People who suffer from depression tend to have underactivated left-prefrontal regions. Also, the sites “C3/C4” on a QEEG tend to become increasingly active during this type of meditation. These are areas within the motor system associated with moving your right hand. 
Transcendental Meditation (TM) has a tendency to create restful alertness. This is what happens to the brain: The frontal lobes of the brain, associated with focused attention and advanced cognitive function become more active. The parietal areas of the brain become more active. This area of the brain is associated with spacial recognition of the awareness of objects in our environment. The major sensory area of the brain, the thalamus, becomes more activated in long-term TM practitioners. Activity in he basal ganglia, the area of the brain responsible for controlling voluntary motor movement, procedural learning, and emotion is decreased. Brain waves as measured by EEG’s with TM meditators include the increase and coherence of Alpha waves . Coherence simply means that the brain waves are being transmitted across both hemispheres of the brain, thus improving neural communication across a greater distance. This results in full-brain thinking. Alpha waves as a result of TM does not usually occur with other meditative practices. The ‘back’ or posterior of the brain tends to work more efficiently, with synchronization in these quadrants. Alpha synchronization may also serve as a “carrier” frequency for 20 Hz beta waves (cognition) and 40 Hz gamma waves (perception). 
Tibetan Loving-Kindness Meditation practitioners experience exactly more of the aim of their meditation – unconditional loving kindness. On brain scans, this shows up as: Decreased parietal activity. This area of the brain is responsible for our spatial orientation, and our visual attention . Frontal activity is increased. The left prefrontal cortex shows particular changes in this type of meditative practice, which translates as more positive emotions and greater self-control . Thalamus activity tends to increase (whereas in TM, activity in this area decreases.) Brain wave changes include a tendency to display higher than average amplitude of 40 Hz gamma waves. This phenomenon is associated with advanced perceptual functions, binding of information, as well as intelligence. Those who have mental deficits tend to elicit significantly less 40 Hz activity throughout their brain. Those who practice this type of meditation will also show more Gamma waves, most often associated with less of a ‘me’ focus, and the ability to engage in loving-kindness. Gamma waves tend to be synchronized within the frontal and parietal regions of the brain. This can lead to an enhanced ability to focus as well as states of emotional bliss. 
So, without the ‘woo,’ what can meditation do for you? It depends on what you are looking for. If you seek better focus, or more compassion, they are both benefits of a consistent meditative practice. There are additional meditative practices that build grey matter, and still more than can help with depression and pain or lower stress levels. Like any worthwhile endeavor, meditation takes practice. The results are dependent upon which brain muscles you build and flex.",0
5966,Constitutional Law Expert: Comey Did NOT Violate Law By Announcing Email Investigation,"Constitutional Law Expert: Comey Did NOT Violate Law By Announcing Email Investigation   Source: Washington's Blog 

Senate Minority Leader Harry Reid alleges that FBI Director Comey has violated the law by announcing the re-opened investigation into Clinton emails so close to the presidential election. 
Is he right? 
One of the top constitutional law experts in the United States (and a liberal), Professor Jonathan Turley, says no : 
[Reid’s] allegation is in my view wildly misplaced. Reid is arguing that the actions of FBI Director James B. Comey violates the Hatch Act . I cannot see a plausible, let alone compelling, basis for such a charge against Comey. 
In his letter to Comey, Reid raised the the Hatch Act, which prohibits partisan politicking by government employees. 
5 U.S.C. § 7323(a)(1) prohibits a government employee from “us[ing] his official authority or influence for the purpose of interfering with or affecting the result of an election.” 
Reid argued: 
“Your actions in recent months have demonstrated a disturbing double standard for the treatment of sensitive information, with what appears to be a clear intent to aid one political party over another. I am writing to inform you that my office has determined that these actions may violate the Hatch Act, which bars FBI officials from using their official authority to influence an election. Through your partisan actions, you may have broken the law.” 
The reference to “months” is curious. Comey has kept Congress informed in compliance with oversight functions of the congressional committees but has been circumspect in the extent of such disclosures. It is troubling to see Democrats (who historically favor both transparency and checks on executive powers) argue against such disclosure and cooperation with oversight committees. More importantly, the Hatch Act is simply a dog that will not hunt. 
Richard W. Painter, a law professor at the University of Minnesota and the chief ethics lawyer in the George W. Bush White House from 2005 to 2007, has filed a Hatch Act complaint against Comey with the federal Office of Special Counsel and Office of Government Ethics. He argues that “We cannot allow F.B.I. or Justice Department officials to unnecessarily publicize pending investigations concerning candidates of either party while an election is underway.” 
However, Comey was between the horns of a dilemma. He could be accused of acts of commission in making the disclosure or omission in withholding the disclosure in an election year. Quite frankly, I found Painter’s justification for his filing remarkably speculative. He admits that he has no evidence to suggest that Comey wants to influence the election or favors either candidate . Intent is key under the Hatch investigations. You can disagree with the timing of Comey’s disclosure, but that is not a matter for the Hatch Act or even an ethical charge in my view. 
Congress passed the Hatch Act in response to scandals during the 1938 congressional elections and intended the Act to bar federal employees from using “[their] official authority or influence for the purpose of interfering with or affecting the result of an election.” Comey is not doing that in communicating with Congress on a matter of oversight. 
Such violations under the Hatch Act, even if proven, are not criminal matters . The Office of Special Counsel -can investigate such matters and seek discipline — a matter than can ultimately go before the Merit Systems Protection Board. 
CNN confirms : 
violators aren’t going to jail: the Hatch Act is not a criminal statute. Instead, it is an administrative constraint on government employees. The law is enforced by a special independent federal agency — the Office of Special Counsel — which is charged with investigating complaint allegations and, where found to be meritorious, either pursuing a settlement with the offending employee or prosecuting their case before the federal agency that oversees internal employment disputes — the Merit Systems Protection Board. And for presidential appointees like Comey, the Office of Special Counsel submits a report of its findings along with the employee’s response to the President , who makes a decision on whether discipline is warranted . 
*** 
The Hatch Act provision most commonly invoked in discussions of Comey’s letter is 5 U.S.C. § 7323(a)(1), which prohibits a government employee from “us[ing] his official authority or influence for the purpose of interfering with or affecting the result of an election.” 
The key text is the emphasized phrase — which conditions a violation of the statute on whether the employee’s purpose was to interfere with or affect the result of an election. Thus, the Hatch Act does not focus on the effect of the employee’s conduct, but the intent. To that end, if Comey did not intend to interfere with or affect the upcoming election through his letter to Congress, then he did not violate the letter of the Hatch Act.",0
5967,Time to Cut Tradition of Sports Teams Visiting the White House - Breitbart,"Considering the times in which we now live, maybe it’s not such a good idea for presidents to invite sports teams to the White House, suggests Mitch Albom. [The columnist at the Detroit Free Press writes, “Presidents mostly use it to boost their popularity. Teams use it to boost their legacy. It started as a nicety, but playing nice is not very fashionable these days. ”  The tradition originated in 1865 when Andrew Johnson welcomed the Brooklyn Atlantics and Washington Nationals baseball teams. The Atlantics, founded in 1855 in Brooklyn NY, became one of the top teams during the Civil War and Reconstruction era. They were considered the National Champions in 1864 and 1865. Although other teams made their way to the White House sporadically over the next century, Ronald Reagan in the 1980s began inviting winning teams after every season. Unfortunately, the occasion has now become an opportunity for athletes to draw attention to themselves by boycotting the presidential meeting for political reasons. This year the White House protests involve President Donald Trump, who campaigned on legal immigration, strong national security, and the eradication of Islamic terrorism. These are not values supported by several of the Patriots players who see Trump’s vision as exclusive, xenophobic, and racist. “I don’t feel accepted in the White House,” defensive back Devin McCourty gave as his reason for not visiting the 45th president of the United States. “I don’t feel welcome in that house,” running back LeGarrette Blount echoed to NFL host Rich Eisen. Patriots linebacker Dont’a Hightower simply stated, “Been there, done that,” referring to his visits to the White House as a college player, when he was an   and   national champion at Alabama.  Certainly, boycotting Trump “is surely their right to do so as Americans,” says Albom. “It is also rude,” he adds.  Albom points out that visiting the White House isn’t an endorsement of its current occupant. “And taking a photo with your nation’s elected leader doesn’t mean you surrender your right to disagree with every single thing he does,” he reminds us. America has changed, argues Albom. “We live in a world where declaring is easier than doing, and Twitter posts pass for social action. So turning down an invitation  —   by tweeting or doing an interview  —    gets you celebrated. You don’t need to actually do anything to make the country better. You don’t even need to leave the couch. ”",0
5968,"Paul: If GOP Doesn’t Replace Obamacare ’Within Months,’ Insurance Companies Will Go Bankrupt - Breitbart","Wednesday on Fox News Channel’s “America’s News HQ,” Sen. Rand Paul ( ) said while he supports repealing the Affordable Care Act, it must be replaced immediately or “within months of repealing it, you will lead to further bankruptcies in the insurance industry. ”  Paul said, “Well here’s the interesting thing about Obamacare, they wanted to provide insurance for everybody, even if you were already sick, preexisting conditions, but they could only pay for it if they forced all of the healthy people to buy insurance through  a mandate. It’s not working so well. What is happening is not enough healthy people are buying insurance and the rates for individual insurance went through the roof and yet insurance companies are still failing and threatening bankruptcy. ” He added, “Here is the problem. If you repeal the individual mandate that forces young people to buy insurance less young healthy people buy insurance and the system will spiral quicker. I’m for getting rid of the mandate. I am for repealing Obamacare, but you have to replace it. If you don’t replace it, my prediction is within months of repealing it, you will lead to further bankruptcies in the insurance industry. ” Follow Pam Key on Twitter @pamkeyNEN",0
5969,"Donald Trump, Golden Globes, Jerusalem: Your Monday Briefing - The New York Times","Good morning. Here’s what you need to know: • The stage is set for fierce battles starting tomorrow as the U. S. Senate begins confirmation hearings on   Donald J. Trump’s cabinet picks, even though many have not completed customary background checks or ethics reviews. The first focus will be Senator Jeff Sessions, above, Mr. Trump’s choice for attorney general. Boris Johnson, the British foreign secretary, is in the U. S. for talks with advisers of Mr. Trump and congressional leaders. In 2015, Mr. Johnson said that Mr. Trump displayed “an ignorance that is truly alarming. ” _____ • “Laughter of the year!” Russian politicians and commentators are ridiculing a U. S. intelligence report that outlines an elaborate plot ordered by President Vladimir V. Putin to alter the outcome of the 2016 presidential race. Interviews with supporters of Mr. Trump in two U. S. states found similarly dismissive opinions. Journalists are trying to come to terms with Moscow’s ability to steer Western news coverage by doling out hacked documents. _____ • In Jerusalem, a Palestinian driver plowed a truck into a group of Israeli soldiers, killing four, injuring 17 others and ending several months of relative calm in the city. Israel was shaken politically by a report that Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu negotiated for more positive coverage with Yediot Aharonot, a newspaper that is often critical of the prime minister, in exchange for curtailing its main competitor. And Israel’s ambassador to Britain apologized over a recording of a senior diplomat plotting to “take down” senior British politicians. _____ • At the Golden Globes, the musical “La La Land” dominated by winning a record seven awards. In drama categories, “Moonlight” won best picture, “The Crown” won best television show and Isabelle Huppert was named best actress for her performance in “Elle. ” And Meryl Streep used her acceptance speech for a lifetime achievement award to forcefully criticize Mr. Trump. _____ • Two men who made history died: Mário Soares, who guided Portugal’s rocky transition to democracy in the 1970s, was 92. Ayatollah Ali Akbar Hashemi Rafsanjani, a founder of Iran’s Islamic Republic, was 82. _____ • Freezing temperatures spread across most of Europe over the weekend, killing dozens and disrupting traffic. Russia celebrated the coldest Orthodox Christmas in 120 years. It will remain bitterly cold across Europe’s southeast today, but temperatures are expected to rise in Western Europe. Fresh snow in the Alps is good news for ski resorts there. _____ • In London, a   strike of staff members that has shut most Underground stations in Central London is disrupting commutes today. And British Airways said a cabin crew strike on Tuesday and Wednesday would not disrupt flights. • Russia required Apple and Google to remove the LinkedIn app from their local stores. • A Volkswagen regulatory compliance executive was arrested in the U. S. on conspiracy charges, marking an escalation of the criminal investigation into the automaker’s diesel emissions cheating scandal. • The European Union’s statistics agency is expected to say that unemployment in the eurozone remained unchanged in November. • Here’s a snapshot of global markets. • Many Turks view President Recep Tayyip Erdogan’s authoritarianism as reassuring in the face of a ferocious onslaught of terrorist attacks. [The New York Times] • Germany threatened to end development aid to countries that refuse to take back rejected asylum seekers. [Agence  ] • An assembly of Irish citizens convened by Parliament is considering changes to one of the most divisive policies in the country: the   ban on abortions. [The New York Times] • Italy’s Five Star Movement is voting on whether it should leave the alliance of euroskeptic parties in the European Parliament it   with the U. K. Independence Party. [Politico] • America’s opioid epidemic killed more than 33, 000 people in 2015. We followed the interstate flow of cheap smuggled heroin and tracked “pill mill” clinics where pain medicine is handed out like candy. [The New York Times] (In this new section, we’ll help you start your day just right.) • A New Year’s challenge for the mind: Make this the year that you quiet all those negative thoughts swirling around your brain. Here’s how to do it. • If you’re hitting the gym this morning, don’t forget to warm up. It may just save your knees. • Recipe of the day: Don’t order out tonight  —   make your own   sesame noodles. • Eight seconds is an eternity when you’re on top of a bucking,   animal. Our Daily 360 video takes you out of the chutes with professional bull riders. • David Bowie resurfaced in a new video for one of his final songs just hours before what would have been his 70th birthday on Sunday. • NASA announced plans for a spacecraft named Psyche to visit an asteroid that appears to be made of metal. “Not only is it unique,” an expert said, “it’s improbable. ” If one of your resolutions this year is to eat healthier in the morning, consider porridge. The combination of grain and water is comfort served in its most humble form. The dish has also been feeding the world for thousands of years. Congee, a   porridge, has been eaten in China since about 2, 500 B. C. Koreans make variations of juk, with pine nut as the main ingredient. Upma is a thick porridge made from roasted semolina or rice flour common in south India. And in Ethiopia, genfo, unique for its use of red pepper, is a traditional Sunday breakfast. On many cold mornings, Americans start their days with oatmeal. The actor Wilford Brimley famously pitched the food’s health benefits in an ad, saying, “It’s the right thing to do. ” But Scots may be the most famous consumers of oats. They’ve been a staple of their diets since the Roman Empire. Scotland even hosts a global   competition  —   the Golden Spurtle is the top prize. Scotland’s former oldest living woman swore by the dish. Before her death in 2015 at 109, she revealed her secret to longevity. “A nice warm bowl of porridge every morning,” she said, and “staying away from men. ” Remy Tumin contributed reporting. _____ Your Morning Briefing is published weekday mornings. What would you like to see here? Contact us at europebriefing@nytimes. com.",0
5970,"Being ‘reasonable’ is for total f**king dickheads, agrees Britain","Being 'reasonable' is for total f**king dickheads, agrees Britain 04-11-16 
HOLDING reasonable political opinions is now only for total shitheads who should shut the fuck up forever, it has been confirmed. 
As Britain’s newspapers branded judges ‘enemies of the people’ for a legal ruling and compared the Brexit process to the horrors of the second world war, the public agreed that frothing at the mouth like a rabid dog is the best way forward. 
Susan Traherne, from Gloucester, said: “You know those people who say ‘there’s right and wrong on both sides’ and ‘politics is about compromise’? 
“FUCK THEM.” 
She added: “In 2016, it’s all about taking the most extreme position possible on your end of the spectrum and characterising the other side as the Nazis, or Stalin, or the Khmer Rouge if you fancy something a bit exotic.” 
Bill McKay, from Stevenage, said: “‘Talking’ to people? ‘Debating in Parliament’? ‘Checks and balances’? 
“FUCK THAT.” 
He added: “If anyone even tries being reasonable around me, I’m punching first and asking questions never.” 
Prime minister Theresa May said: “Loving this.” 
Share:",0
5971,Why is #SpiritCooking Trending on Twitter?,"at 2:29 pm 1 Comment 
I’m not one to shy away from Hillary Clinton related controversies, but this whole Spirit Cooking topic just seemed too far over the top to not have a good explanation. As such, I’ve avoided writing about it, hoping that someone from the Clinton team would come out and put all the craziness to rest. That has not happened. 
Indeed, the topic was trending at #1 for much of the morning on Twitter, and continues to trend at #3 many hours later. All day, I’ve been trying as hard as possible to disassociate my confirmation bias about the Clintons, from this story. As such, I’ve been waiting for a good “debunking” piece to come out, but have yet to see one. 
For those of you who are interested in the topic, here’s a measured take from The Washington Times : 
A new WikiLeaks release of stolen emails belonging to Hillary Clinton’s campaign chairman John Podesta reveal an invitation by his brother to a “Spirit Cooking dinner” at the home of artist Marina Abramovic. 
“Spirit Cooking with Essential Aphrodisiac Recipes” was released by Ms. Abramovic in 1996, but the “ingredients” call for “fresh breast milk with fresh sperm milk” to be consumed “on earthquake nights.” 
New York’s Museum of Modern Art called it a “cookbook” for “evocative instructions for actions or thoughts.” Another recipe calls for “fresh morning urine.” 
“Are you in NYC Thursday July 9 Marina wants you to come to dinner Mary?” Tony Podesta says in an email forwarded to his brother June 28, 2015. 
“Dear Tony, I am so looking forward to the Spirit Cooking dinner at my place,” Ms. Abramovic says in a June 25 email sent at 2:35 a.m. GMT +2. “Do you think you will be able to let me know if your brother is joining? All my love, Marina.” 
You can see the source email through the following tweet by Wikileaks: Tony Podesta.",0
5972,Report: Facebook Pays ’Army’ of Filipinos to Police ’Offensive’ Material - Breitbart,"Facebook reportedly pays an army of Filipino content curators to police content on the social network’s platform. [The Daily Mail reports that Facebook has been hiring young Filipinos to act as content curators on the Facebook platform. The workers reportedly work grueling shifts for little pay and decide on whether or not content on Facebook should be removed or allowed.  Facebook founder Mark Zuckerberg stated earlier this month that the social media company, worth $435 billion, would be adding another 3, 000 content moderators to the team of 4, 500 it already employs and pledged to “improve the process for [reporting content] quickly. ” It was discovered during an investigation by the Mail on Sunday that Facebook outsources much of its content policing to the professional services firm Accenture. “We hire college graduates, experienced hires, provide intensive training and pay competitive wages,” Accenture claimed. When asked for comment, Facebook said, “We’ve built a global network of operations centres to work   so that we have people in the right country with the right language and cultural skills to review reports. We recognise this work can be difficult, which is why our contracts with partners stipulate that wellness and psychological support must be provided. ”",0
5973,Teenager Accidentally Shoots Himself on Instagram Live - Breitbart,"A    boy was found dead by his mother on Monday evening after accidentally shooting himself while streaming on Instagram Live. [Malachi Hemphill was streaming on the   site, showing his friends a gun that was in his possession. It was unloaded, so one of the viewers asked why there was no magazine in it. After loading the gun following instruction from his viewers, he accidentally shot himself.  “I heard a big boom. I couldn’t tell if it was a gunshot or what,” Shaniqua Stephens, his mother, told 11 Alive Atlanta. She had just watched her son take out the trash when she heard the noise. Running upstairs with her daughter, they found him “laying there in a pool of blood. ” “My daughter screamed and said. ‘Mom turn his phone off!’ As I proceeded to look at his phone he was on Instagram Live,” Stephens recounted. Hemphill was rushed to Grady Hospital, but it was too late. “This is just a pain that will never go away,” she said. “He was my only son. He was just only 13. Just the thought of me seeing him on the floor will never leave my brain. ” After returning home, several of his friends were outside the house. “There was about 40 to 50 kids outside,” Stephens said. “I guess these were the kids that were watching on live that live in the area. I guess when it happened they just ran over here. ” It is unclear how Hemphill came to have the gun on him. He was allegedly handed the gun by a friend police are looking into where the gun came from originally. This is not the first time a death has been streamed live on the internet using social media. In January, an Arkansas woman collapsed and died in front of her children while video livestreaming on Facebook. In December, a    in Georgia hanged herself on Facebook live. Jack Hadfield is a student at the University of Warwick and a regular contributor to Breitbart Tech. You can like his page on Facebook and follow him on Twitter @ToryBastard_ or on Gab @JH.",0
5974,Syrian Airstrike Kills 35 Civilians in Idlib,"Attack Hit a School, Killing Several Children   26, 2016 Share This 
According to the Syrian Observatory for Human Rights, a flurry of airstrikes today against the Idlib Province in northern Syria killed at least 35 civilians today, including an estimated 22 school children, when one of the strikes hit a school. 
The Observatory said they weren’t clear if the attacks were carried out by Syrian or Russian warplanes, though later reports from other sources attributed the attacks to the Syrians. The Idlib Province is controlled by the al-Qaeda-linked Nusra Front. 
This has made it a regular target for airstrikes, though the comparative lack of intelligence on the location of Nusra fighters means that the attacks have a tendency to hit civilian bystanders. Few Nusra fighters have been caught up in any of the recent strikes. 
The main fighting between Nusra and the Syrian military recently is over Aleppo, though there is also considerable tension along the border between Idlib and Latakia Provinces, with the Syrian military having talked up a potential invasion of Idlib from the coast for awhile.  ",0
5975,“Rigged To Deny Trump”: Are They Stealing These States to Block Electoral Path to 270?,"
Will the 2016 election be rigged?
That depends on what the definition of “is” is – and whether or not you count blatant media bias, operatives and instigators, shady quasi-voters, bizarre electronic voting “errors” and a heavy-handed advantage in the electoral college and the shifting demographics of a socialist state that promises much to certain groups.
With the GOP leadership turning its back on Trump, and the Democratic machine dedicated solely to providing for Her, it will be a difficult win for Trump, despite overwhelming enthusiasm at rallies across the entire country and lop-sided pro-Trump crowds that literally dwarf pro-Hillary gatherings of very few.
But as most everyone knows by now, it isn’t the popular vote that counts – but only the delegates awarded state-by-state to the electoral college… and that is a game that Hillary’s operatives are very good at playing.
There are several states that are being surprisingly maneuvered for her advantage… and if successful, will block Trump from even coming close the presidency.
Texas Could Turn “Blue” For the First Time In 20 Years
This is the big enchilada, so to speak. For the first time in many decades, Texas is in play for Hillary and the Democrats. Texas has been as solidly “red” as any state in the union, but 2016 could be different.
With 38 electoral votes, the Lone Star State is the biggest prize on the map next to California, whose 55 electoral votes have gone to the Democrats since before history began. Since at least 2008, the Dems have been massaging their electioneering strategy to capitalize on shifting demographics – with plenty of Hispanics in the next generation of voters. On paper, Hillary should be able to play well to Hispanics with all the controversy over Trump’s immigration stances and talk of a border wall. Rumors of illegal immigrants be encouraged to vote could be a crucial factor, with polls in Texas close to neck and neck… it could go either way.

Of course, there is every reason to think that Team Hillary is not taking any chances.
As Michael Snyder and many others have reported , electronic voting machines have been mysteriously flipping votes for Hillary in several counties in Texas… and that doesn’t bode well for a massive electoral prize that is within range for her campaign:
Early voting has already begun in many states, and a number of voters in Texas are reporting that the voting machines switched their votes from Donald Trump to Hillary Clinton. The odd thing is that none of the other choices were affected when these individuals attempted to vote for a straight Republican ticket. If Hillary Clinton is declared the winner of the state of Texas on election night, a full investigation of these voting machines should be conducted, because there is no way that Donald Trump should lose that state. I have said that it will be the greatest miracle in U.S. political history if Donald Trump wins this election, but without the state of Texas Donald Trump has exactly zero chance of winning.
At least one county is making an emergency switch to paper ballots after irregularities were found with the electronic machines during early voting.
Meanwhile, Infowars confronted the head of Texas’ elections about his decision to violate voter laws and abandon a manual count of a random sampling of 1-3% of votes (which should theoretically reflect the larger voting trend, unless something is fishy). Without that count, there is less accountability than ever:

This is major issue, and Texas isn’t the only state… just the biggest.
2. Utah’s Independent Republican Could Actually Beat Trump 
OK, so Utah only has a grand total of 6 electoral college votes… and has never been a decisive swing state in a presidential election. But that is because the state has been so solidly “red.” However, this election is totally different.
A little known independent candidate named Evan McMullin has actually taken the lead in several recent polls in Utah, and is neck-and-neck with both Trump and Hillary in several other polls (at or around 30% apiece). Libertarian Gary Johnson is also playing (relatively) well at about 5% – possibly enough to swing further momentum away form Trump.
But Evan McMullin is the real surprise hit – in a state that is suddenly considered an important battleground in the election.

McMullin is a Mormon, which gives him a significant boost. He is officially tied to Better for America, which is basically a #NeverTrump operation – backed by neocons like William Kristol. Perhaps unsurprisingly, Evan McMullin has a pretty colorful and telling background : on top of being a former policy director for House Republicans, he’s also a former CIA operations officer; a member of the elite think tank Council on Foreign Relations (CFR); a former Goldman Sachs investment banker and a volunteer refugee resettlement officer for the United Nations High Commissioner for Refugees in Jordan.
Wow! I wonder if there could be an agenda there. Hillary probably won’t win Utah, but Trump may not either – and it could make a crucial difference if he is within striking distance of 270 electoral votes.
3. Florida Is a Must Win Swing State for Trump… But Current Polls Show Possible Hillary Win 
Oh boy… Florida all over again. With 29 electoral votes, it remains a major contender that is so often on the fence and swinging in the wind. It is considered essential for a Trump victory, and indeed for just about any successful Republican bid for the presidency.
Sure, we all know the polls are rigged, and may be oversampling Dems to look better for Hillary on paper – but nonetheless, that perception drives expectations.
If She can create a convincing win there, it could change the course of the election once again. Florida has consistently been the closest outcome – in 2008 and 2012 it went blue for Obama; in 2000 and 2004 it went red for Bush (and not without major controversy and some very shady recounting).
Her team is pushing heavily for early voting in Florida, and so far they claim an early voting advantage.
But campaign surrogate Roger Stone is now reporting that Hillary has met secretly with Broward County officials in Florida, and there is speculation that problems with the voting machines may soon be happening all over again.

Pay very close to what happens there, because of course, Florida could be THE deciding state (again). Right now polls are within 2 points , currently in favor of Trump by a very narrow margin.
4. Colorado Has Known Voting Fraud Issues – With Dead People on the Voter Rolls 
With 9 electoral votes, Colorado is currently swinging “blue” but could go either way. CBS4 and the Washington Times reported that an investigation was started by Colorado’s Secretary of State after multiple examples were found of deceased people registered and in the voter rolls:
“This is the kind of thing you hear rumored, joked about in Chicago, that kind of thing,” Mr. Maasssaid during a Thursday evening broadcast. “Tonight, that changes. We did find voter fraud in Colorado that essentially waters down your vote.” 
[…] 
“This is the kind of thing you hear rumored, joked about in Chicago, that kind of thing,” Mr. Maasssaid during a Thursday evening broadcast. “Tonight, that changes. We did find voter fraud in Colorado that essentially waters down your vote.” 
It’s not clear whether or not Colorado could make a difference in the outcome, but the results could prove suspect.
5. Hillary Is “Leading” In These Key Swing States 
While Trump is expected to win the crucial state of Ohio, and also North Carolina, Hillary is projected to take key states including Pennsylvania, Colorado, Iowa, Virginia and Arizona.
According to the Washington Post :
if Clinton can hold Virginia, Pennsylvania, and Colorado, then she only needs one more out of many swing states — New Hampshire, Nevada, Ohio, Iowa, North Carolina, or Florida — barring any surprise Trump win in a blue-leaning state like Wisconsin. That is currently looking very plausible. 
While any of these could change in the actual outcome, it shows that Hillary has definitely maneuvered to win where it counts – not with the people, but with the electoral college.
The details are too numerous to follow here, and anything could happen.
6. You Know Voter Fraud Is Happening If the Media Claim It Isn’t 
What should be very telling to everyone is how loudly the major media – in concert – are trying to debunk Trump’s claims of voter fraud and insist that all is well when it is quite clear that there are major issues.

This is one claim that the system is very afraid of, because quite frankly, they have a great deal to hide.
There is more reason than ever for accountability, reporting on any irregularities and an insistence that the will of the people be respected – because the system is desperate to hold onto control at any cost.
Read more: 
Electronic Voting Machines Caught Switching Trump Votes To Hillary: “Trying to Steal Texas” 
Trump Resists Pledge To “Absolutely Accept” Election Results… But Why Should Anyone Accept Fraud? 
Unrest and Martial Law? Leaked Military Drill Anticipates “No Rule of Law” After Election Results 
Trump Resists Pledge To “Absolutely Accept” Election Results… But Why Should Anyone Accept Fraud? 
If Trump Wins, Will Obama Declare Martial Law To Remain In Office? “These Are Not Normal Times” 
After Bernie Cheated By DNC, Trump Fears “Election Going To Be Rigged” 
",0
5976,SNL’s Sean Spicer Puts ’Fake News’ CNN into a Cage,"Saturday Night Live featured a skit with actress Melissa McCarthy playing Sean Spicer, the press secretary for Donald Trump, who spends his press briefing threatening and bullying reporters for asking him questions about the administration. [At one point, McCarthy’s Spicer yells at a Wall Street Journal reporter, threatening to put them in the corner like CNN.  The camera turns to a   reporter in a cage protesting that, “We’re not fake news!” SNL’s Sean Spicer puts @CNN in the corner pic. twitter.   —   Charlie Spiering (@charliespiering) February 5, 2017, ",0
5977,A Reporter Retraces His Steps Through Trump Country - The New York Times,"From the start, the central enigma was Donald J. Trump. How did this   celebrity tycoon with no political experience get so far? Who were the Americans supporting him and why? When I started my unusual assignment of covering the American presidential campaign from the perspective of a foreign correspondent  —   for this, an American news organization  —   one of the first things I did was to invite questions from international readers. The bulk of them revolved around Mr. Trump, whose unorthodox romp through the Republican primaries propelled him to the party’s nomination  —   and ultimately to the presidency. Going back through my monthslong journey across America, there were many clues to Mr. Trump’s rising tide, although not all were easy to read. I drank with Trump supporters in bars and casinos. I approached them at rodeos. I chatted with them at gun clubs and diners and roaring political rallies. The broad topography of Trump country is, in many respects, easy to trace. It is a place of anger and frustration, gripped by a feverish   sentiment. People wanted change  —   and a chance to raise a throbbing finger to the forces they blame for their lot in life. Yet other factors were at play, too, in this unruly insurgency, factors that sometimes made it hard to see clearly: racism, xenophobia, bigotry, talk radio, social media bubbles and a simmering culture war separating thriving coastal areas and the wounded interior of the country. It wasn’t always clear which elements were powering the “Trump Train,” as the movement called itself, and which were being buoyed along. One of my first stops was Williamson, a decimated coal town in West Virginia. It had a sports bar, which offered beer for $1 on Thursdays, and a biker bar where, it was said, patrons sometimes squealed tires inside until the room filled with smoke. Both were filled with Trump voters, little surprise since he had promised to reopen coal mines shuttered by the Obama administration’s environmental regulations and cheap natural gas. In Williamson, I also saw how Mr. Trump’s message about change was overshadowing other issues that many analysts thought would have disqualified him from winning over the social conservatives who have long been a core Republican constituency. In conversations after church on Sunday, many Christians glossed over the candidate’s three marriages and boasts of his battle with sexually transmitted disease. (“It’s scary, like Vietnam,” Mr. Trump told Howard Stern in 1997.) It was hard to square, but perhaps that was the lesson: that a mysterious alchemy was at work in this election, one in which outrageous   might offer a route to success. Around that time, Apple released its seventh iteration of the iPhone, that glossy black totem of progress. Inscribed on the back of every iPhone are the words “Designed in California. Assembled in China. ” As if California is a separate country. And that’s how many in Trump country saw it  —   that instead of being part of the iPhone economy, they were living in a land that sent jobs overseas. One thing that I, like many Europeans and other foreigners, had long seen as distinguishing the United States was its restless optimism and innate  . Mr. Trump, though, traded on pessimism. His slogan, “Make America Great Again,” embodied a nativist vision that aimed to restore pride in the country’s military and business, but also scapegoated immigrants, minorities and Muslims. At Mr. Trump’s rallies, most of the faces in the crowd were white. People flew Confederate flags. They spoke impatiently about “the blacks. ”   prejudice toward Muslims was openly expressed: Danny Popma, a factory owner in Michigan, told me that children in Dearborn, which has the country’s largest percentage of Muslims, had stayed home from school in droves on Sept. 11 because they had secretly received advanced warnings of the attacks. The atmosphere at Trump rallies was permissive. If someone said something offensive or loutish, there was little fear of being hushed or contradicted. Yet in another confounding twist, a significant minority of Trump supporters were minorities themselves. I met people who defied neat categorization: a black woman in her 20s who worked at a record label in Miami a Japanese Uber driver in Las Vegas a Guyanese doorman in Queens, N. Y. At a rally in the campaign’s final week in Michigan, a Rust Belt state that would prove central to Mr. Trump’s victory, I saw how the candidate connected with crowd. When he spoke, it was if he held an invisible tuning fork held to his ear, listening for the smallest murmur of applause, which he would seize upon and amplify. It reminded me of powerful preachers and populist politicians I’d seen during my years based in Pakistan. What was hard to know was how far the electric energy inside this hall was radiating. Maybe these were just the   loyalists.    polls suggested that Mr. Trump was behind in many places critical to Electoral College victory. Political professionals, including Republicans, dismissed the notion that Mr. Trump could win mainly by consolidating the support of white voters. “It’s like the hunt for the lost tribes of the Amazon,” was how Stuart Stevens, a consultant who had worked for the 2012 Republican nominee, Mitt Romney, put it early on. “If you paddle your canoe far enough up the river, and bang your drum hard enough, they will come to the riverbank. But they’re just not there. ” But when I mentioned the polls showing Mr. Trump lagging to his supporters, they snorted derisively. Everyone they knew was voting Trump  —   colleagues, relatives, children. Some were former Democrats. Others were people who hadn’t voted for decades. The polls, they said, were either asking the wrong questions or were being manipulated by the news media  —   the polls themselves were part of the system these people were trying to overthrow. At the time, I discounted the conspiratorial talk as a product of the Facebook echo chamber that became so powerful in this election. But in broad terms, the Trump supporters were right  —   in key states, their votes were undercounted by pollsters. The winning margin in many states, like Michigan, was tight, and the failure of Democrats to mobilize turnout was also a major factor. Daryl, the Uber driver who took me from a Trump rally to the airport, was a case in point: he was an   a registered Democrat, and he did not intend to vote. “None of them look any good to me,” he said. Mr. Trump, then, benefited also from the antipathy so many people felt toward his opponent, Hillary Clinton. This was another theme in the questions that poured in from international readers: Why did so many Americans seem to hate her so much? The answer had many dimensions: Fatigue from her decades in public life, unfinished business from her husband’s time in power in the 1990s, distaste for how she had handled his sexual escapades, outrage over her use of a private email server while secretary of state and her taking in huge sums for speeches to Wall Street bankers, unfiltered sexism. And Mrs. Clinton simply did not represent change at a moment when a large portion of the electorate hungered for it. In San Francisco, while I was visiting my brother, one of his friends offered an explanation. “It’s like getting socks for Christmas  —   again ” he said. “Socks, socks, bloody socks. Nobody wants a present like that. ” Mr. Trump, in the end, found the “lost tribe” of white voters. They heard his drumbeat, and voted as a bloc like never before. Mr. Trump’s stunning victory echoes jolting changes in Britain, France and other countries where a new brand of   politics is resurgent. The question of whether it stemmed from a specific constellation of forces, or represented a more fundamental shift, may now be answered under the Trump presidency.",0
5978,Trump Says ‘Go Nuclear’ as Democrats Gird for Gorsuch Fight - The New York Times,"WASHINGTON  —   President Trump, seeming to relish a fight with Democrats over his nominee to the Supreme Court, encouraged the Senate majority leader, Mitch McConnell, on Wednesday to invoke the   nuclear option and abandon the   threshold for confirmation. “If we end up with that gridlock, I would say, ‘If you can, Mitch, go nuclear,’” the president said. Democrats are weighing strategies for opposing the nomination of Judge Neil M. Gorsuch and debating how aggressively to pursue a battle over a seat that many of them believe was stolen from their party. In selecting a respected, deeply conservative jurist, Mr. Trump has dared Democrats to pursue the kind of blanket obstructionism that they long accused Republicans of embracing during the Obama administration. “That would be an absolute shame if a man of this quality was put up to that neglect,” he said from the Roosevelt Room of the White House. For the Democrats, who have struggled to match the fury and zeal of the party’s base during the wave of   activism since the election, a   showdown may prove unavoidable, doubling as a referendum on resistance tactics to a White House that liberals fear. Democrats intend to repeatedly remind the public about the Republicans’ treatment of Merrick B. Garland, President Barack Obama’s nominee to fill the vacant seat last year, who was blocked from even receiving a hearing. Mr. McConnell had said a justice should not be seated during an election year, even though there is no prohibition on such action. Now, their gambit successful, Republicans will seek to capitalize on the groundwork laid since Mr. Trump’s election. Leading conservative groups have united for a   campaign to help Judge Gorsuch, producing television commercials, planning gatherings at megachurches and contacting supporters to encourage them to demand a vote from their senators. For Republicans who were leery of Mr. Trump’s campaign last year, the prospect of adding a conservative to the court was often a powerful motivator to stay in line. He has rewarded their faith. On Wednesday, as Judge Gorsuch made his initial courtesy visits to senators on Capitol Hill, Republican lawmakers assumed the tone of a party in power, appealing for unity and adherence to Senate custom. Judge Gorsuch’s first call after the announcement of his nomination was to Mr. Garland, as a gesture of respect, according to Ron Bonjean, a spokesman for the nomination effort. The nominee was also joined on Wednesday by Kelly Ayotte, a   former Republican senator from New Hampshire, who is helping to shepherd him through the nominating process months after losing her   bid. After greeting Judge Gorsuch during his visit, Mr. McConnell asked Democrats to heed their own calls to restore the court to its rightful size. “I would invite Democrats who spent many months insisting we need nine to join us in following through on that advice,” he said from the Senate floor. So far, Democrats have appeared unmoved, and occasionally seething. Senator Chuck Schumer of New York, the minority leader, said Judge Gorsuch  —   who sits on the United States Court of Appeals for the 10th Circuit  —   must meet the   threshold required to overcome a filibuster in the Senate. History  —   and especially recent history  —   demand it, he suggested. “This is nothing new. It was a bar met by each of President Obama’s nominations,” Mr. Schumer said. He argued that if Judge Gorsuch could not attract enough support, “the answer will not be to change the rules of the Senate, but to change the nominee to someone who can earn 60 votes. ” He added that Mr. Trump’s White House had demonstrated “less respect for the rule of law than any in recent memory,” placing a “special burden on this nominee to be an independent jurist. ” Breaking a filibuster would require eight members of the Democratic caucus to join the 52 members of the Republican majority to advance the nomination, or force Republicans to change longstanding rules and push through the nomination on a simple majority vote. Transfers of power from one party to the other often compel lawmakers to shift their perspectives, leaning on arguments they once rejected. But the bipartisan whiplash in the Senate has been especially striking. Since Mr. Trump’s announcement, the two parties have rushed headlong into an embrace of the other’s former talking points. Republicans have cast Judge Gorsuch as an unassailable choice, as Democrats did with Judge Garland, trumpeting his appeals court record and his impressive credentials. They reminded some Senate Democrats that they had voted to confirm Judge Gorsuch to a lower court once upon a time, as some Republicans had for Judge Garland. Senators like Ted Cruz, Republican of Texas  —   who, before the election, raised the possibility of blocking a nomination indefinitely if Hillary Clinton won the presidency  —   have insisted on swift action. And some Democrats have argued, after nearly a year spent lamenting the vacancy on the court since Justice Antonin Scalia’s death, that Judge Gorsuch must not be allowed to assume the seat. “The Democrats should treat Trump’s SCOTUS pick with the exact same courtesy the GOP showed Merrick Garland,” Dan Pfeiffer, a former senior adviser to Mr. Obama, wrote on Twitter. “Don’t flinch, don’t back down. ” Reactions to Judge Gorsuch’s nomination among Democrats seemed to sort themselves into three camps: There were some cautious statements, often from moderate Democrats in states that Mr. Trump won, urging careful consideration of the pick. There were   concerns raised about Judge Gorsuch’s trail of conservative opinions and leanings. And there were arguments that did not focus much on Judge Gorsuch at all, instead framing the choice of any judge not named Merrick Garland as illegitimate. “This Supreme Court seat was stolen from the Obama administration,” Senator Jeff Merkley, Democrat of Oregon, said on Wednesday. “It casts a big shadow over it. If this seat is filled in this manner, it’s going to undermine the integrity of the court, the legitimacy of the court, for decades to come. ” Senator Richard Blumenthal, Democrat of Connecticut and a member of the Judiciary Committee, struck a more conciliatory note, to a point. “Republicans were outrageously wrong in denying Merrick Garland a hearing and a vote. But two wrongs don’t make a right,” he said in an interview. “We should support a hearing and a vote for Neil Gorsuch. It’s part of the Senate’s job. ” He added, though, that Judge Gorsuch should be required to clear 60 votes. In the interim, Democrats and progressive activists have begun zeroing in on elements of Judge Gorsuch’s record. Among their concerns is the fact that he has voted in favor of employers, including Hobby Lobby, who cited religious objections in refusing to provide some forms of contraception coverage to female workers. Mr. Schumer said Judge Gorsuch had “repeatedly sided with corporations over working people” and demonstrated “a hostility toward women’s rights. ” Even before many Democrats weighed in, Republicans dismissed any complaints about Judge Gorsuch as empty posturing. Some senators were more creative than others. “Senator Schumer is about to tell Americans that Judge Gorsuch kicks puppies and heckles piano recitals,” Senator Ben Sasse, Republican of Nebraska, said. That, he hastened to add, was untrue.",0
5979,Hillary Clinton Cancels Public Events And Vanishes Amid Media Blackout,"Hillary Clinton has cancelled all upcoming campaign events following the FBI’s announcement that they are reopening their email server investigation. 
Via YourNewsWire 
The reopening of the case has sent the Clinton campaign into complete chaos, according to reports . According to “Citizens for Trump” Special Projects Director Jack Posobiec, Hillary is looking to get out of the media spotlight for a while.
Hillary has cancelled all campaign events in FL, OH, and NC
— Jack Posobiec (@JackPosobiec) October 29, 2016 

In a tweet, he stated: “Hillary has cancelled all campaign events in FL, OH, and NC.” The Clinton campaign want to focus on states that Hillary lost serious ground in – like Pennsylvania, New Hampshire, Virginia, and Michigan.
Has the latest email scandal finally brought Hillary to her knees? Will there even be an election on November 8th, or will we be watching Hillary Clinton go on trial? It seems like anything is possible right now.
",0
5980,Не дадим российским роботам нападать на людей!,"Не дадим российским роботам нападать на людей! 19 ноября 2016 Происшествия 
ГОСТ для роботов появится в России к концу этого года. Основываться он будет на отечественных разработках с учетом международного опыта. А то, не дай бог, и у нас роботы будут такими же неуправляемыми, как в Китае. 
Необходимость упорядочить все знания, накопленные чуть ли не за полвека существования робототехники в России, назрела давно, тем более что эта отрасль у нас отстает от стран-флагманов вышеупомянутого направления. Да и созданием этих «агрегатов» занимается кто угодно, вплоть до частников. И каждый по-своему понимает термины, поскольку об их единообразии никто не задумывался. 
Нет, ГОСТы разрабатывались, но было это давненько: не меньше четверти столетия назад, и касались они лишь промышленных манипуляторов, по сути, настоящими роботами не являющимися. К тому же, Россия их не производит, вовсю пользуясь буржуйскими механизмами. 
А вот чего у нас в достатке, так это «образовательных» роботизированных устройств, во множестве бегающих на выставках и разных тематических мероприятиях, где они обучают всех присутствующих. Особенный восторг это вызывает у наших ребятишек. Как, в прочем, и у китайских, где такое чудо современной техники чуть не угробило одного из сотрудников IT-выставки. 
Случилось это первое «нападение робота» на одушевленное мыслящее существо в южно-китайском городе Шэньчжэнь. Вот недаром ученые опасаются развития искусственного интеллекта. Вроде бы программное устройство машины, созданной для игр с ребятишками 4-12 лет, не должно позволять такие эксцессы, ведь даже в пылесосы и утюги грамотные производители ставят «защиту от дураков»! 
Но, видно, именно этому «дроиду», обладающему, кстати, почти человеческой мимикой, создатели что-то недодали или – вот ужас-то! – переусердствовали с его умственными способностями и эмоциональной сферой… А иначе, с чего бы бедняга, соскучившийся в одиночестве, начал громить экспонаты и не захотел подчиняться работнику, пытавшемуся прекратить дебош взбесившегося «терминатора»? 
Так, может быть, наше отставание в роботизации всех сторон жизни не такое уж зло? Глядишь, заставят делать эти высокотехнологичные автоматы по единым ГОСТам — и нашим детям не придется сталкиваться с озверевшими от скуки персонажами фантастических триллеров!",0
5981,‘Comfort Woman’ Statue Reinstated Near Japan Consulate in South Korea - The New York Times,"SEOUL, South Korea  —   Bowing to public pressure, an official in South Korea’s   city said on Friday that activists could put up a statue representing Korean women forced into sexual slavery by Japan during World War II, a year after the two countries said they had put that emotional issue behind them. The bronze,   statue, of a girl in traditional Korean dress sitting in a chair, had been raised without permission on Wednesday on a sidewalk near the Japanese Consulate in Busan. The police removed the statue, dispersing activists who tried to stop them, but on Friday an official said it could be reinstated. “I apologize to many citizens,” Park   mayor of the ward in Busan where the consulate sits, said at a news conference as he announced the statue’s return. “This is an issue between the two nations, and I realize it’s too much for a local office like mine to handle. ” Activists quickly put the statue back in place. Since the statue’s removal on Wednesday, the ward’s office had been overwhelmed with angry phone calls, and its website temporarily froze because so many people were visiting to leave hostile comments. Some called Mr. Park a “  collaborator,” a grave insult in South Korea, where bitter memories of Japan’s colonial rule in the first half of the 20th century still run deep. The consulate had strongly objected to the presence of the statue, which the activists installed near one of its gates, where diplomats would see it as they left their offices. On Friday, the consulate lodged a protest and request to Busan city to remove the statue. Japan registered complaints with the governments of South Korea and Busan. Shinsuke Sugiyama, Japan’s vice minister for foreign affairs, told the South Korean ambassador in Japan that the statue “went against the spirit of the   Korea agreement concluded at the end of last year and is extremely regrettable,” adding that it would have an “unfavorable impact on the relationship between Japan and South Korea, as well as disturb the security of the consulate. ” Mr. Sugiyama said the Japanese government would continue to strongly request that South Korea remove the statue. Dozens of identical statues have been put up in South Korea since 2011, when the first one, placed near the Japanese Embassy in Seoul, caused a diplomatic uproar. But the statue in Busan was only the second to be installed near a Japanese diplomatic mission. Wednesday was the first anniversary of a landmark agreement between South Korea and Japan to resolve their dispute over the extent of Tokyo’s responsibility for what happened to the wartime sex slaves, or “comfort women,” as they were euphemistically known. Both sides called that deal  —   in which Japan apologized and promised $8. 3 million to care for the surviving women, in return for South Korea’s promise not to press any future claims  —   a “final and irreversible resolution” to the dispute, which had become a serious obstacle in their relations. But the deal fell short of the survivors’ demand that Japan pay formal reparations and accept legal responsibility for what they endured. And it proved to be one of the most unpopular decisions made by President Park   whose powers have been suspended since the National Assembly voted for her impeachment this month over a corruption scandal. In the year since the agreement was reached, students have been camping out by the statue near the Japanese Embassy to ensure it is not removed, and five more statues have been installed around the country, with money raised through donations. Opposition parties have long denounced the deal, and since Ms. Park’s powers were suspended, they have increased pressure on the government to reconsider it, along with some of her other key policy decisions. If the Constitutional Court ratifies Ms. Park’s impeachment in the coming months, formally removing her from office, a presidential election will be held. Two leading contenders to succeed her have said that they will seek changes to the deal with Japan if elected. Japan’s defense minister, Tomomi Inada, stirred bitter wartime memories in South Korea on Thursday by visiting the Yasukuni Shrine in Tokyo, which commemorates Japan’s war dead, including a number of officers convicted of war crimes during World War II.",0
5982,Comedy Central’s ’Broad City’ to Bleep Out Donald Trump’s Name in Upcoming Season,"The Comedy Central series Broad City will bleep out President Donald Trump’s name in its upcoming fourth season, in what one actress describes as an attempt to rid the show of any mention of the president. [“There’s no airtime for this orange [person],” in season four of the show, actress Ilana Glazer told USA Today. “We bleep his name the whole season. ”  From actress and executive producer Amy Poehler, Broad City follows two       —   played by actresses Abbi Jacobson and Glazer  —   living in New York City. A trailer teasing season four sees the show’s stars wearing pussy hats at a protest. A moment later, Glazer yells “F*ck You, Trump. I’m going back in,” and proceeds to turn on what appears to be a vibrating sex toy.  Of the   scene, Glazer says Jacobson’s character struggles to stimulate herself sexually due to all the “danger” imposed by the Trump administration. “Ilana’s ‘powers’ are decreasing during the current administration because it’s just so hard to (orgasm) when you know so many people are in such danger,” the actress said. “So Ilana works through her   ( ) and it’s wild. ” The show, which began as a web series in 2009, has veered into politics in the past. A season three episode saw Glazer’s character volunteering for Hillary Clinton’s presidential campaign. Pandemonium erupts when Clinton makes a surprise visit to the campaign office. On the set of @broadcity season 3 with @abbijacobson, @ilazer and Amy! #yas pic. twitter.   —   Hillary Clinton (@HillaryClinton) December 11, 2015,  Jacobson defended Clinton’s appearance on the show, telling Entertainment Weekly that they “were not trying to make a statement” by having the former Sec. of State on. A year later, however, Glazer said season four was written with the expectation that Hillary Clinton would win the election. “We wrote (Season 4) being like, ‘Here we go! Hillary for president! ’” Glazer told USA Today. But after “this   host became president of our country, we rewrote a lot. ” The comedy series saw a considerable ratings dip in season three, falling from an average of 1. 2 million viewers in its season one debut in 2014 to about 600, 000 viewers in March 2016. The fourth season of Broad City premieres on Comedy Central August 23.   Follow Jerome Hudson on Twitter: @JeromeEHudson",0
5983,LOL: Listen to Yoko Ono's Primal Response to Trump Win,"Yoko Ono, the artist known for such monumental works as “Breaking up The Beatles” and well, that’s really it, has taken to Twitter to once again insert herself into the political sphere. Comment on this Article Via Your Facebook Account Comment on this Article Via Your Disqus Account Follow Us on Facebook!",0
5984,Phew! Donald Trump knows how to make this election easier for all of us,"So, anyway, what’s the deal? Is Trump just trying to cut his impending loss off at the pass? @SopanDeb Man, his campaign's internal polling must be dreadful 
— Jason Solomon (@solomonster) October 27, 2016 @SopanDeb Only someone who knows he will lose says that. 
— Marcus S. (@goodwillfiction) October 27, 2016 @alivitali Something a loser would say. 
Or is Trump flexing Trump’s authoritarian muscles? @alivitali Sounds like a dictator. 
— Bonkai Forever (@Forever_Dusk) October 27, 2016 @SopanDeb That is called a dictatorship. He knows that, right? I mean, he has to… 
— Aaron Sarka (@SarkaAaron) October 27, 2016 @SopanDeb The Dictator Speaketh 
— Austin Corona (@austincorona1) October 27, 2016 @SopanDeb ""you know, sorta seize power through some armed uprising and install me as president. Like, for life. Just thinking aloud."" 
— Edward DeRuiter (@edwardderuiter) October 27, 2016 @SopanDeb God help us if he wins. He has true dictatorial urges. 
— Oliver Hernandez (@OliverHernandez) October 27, 2016 
By all means, GOP, make this man your ideological — and intellectual — standard-bearer. See how well that works out for you. It’s worked wonders so far! @SopanDeb Yeah, this is a guy who definitely respects the limits of presidential power 
— Scott McBride (@jscottmcbride) October 27, 2016 @SopanDeb Brilliant. Such a transcendent legal mind he has. Really a huge defender of the Constitution.",0
5986,10 Things You Need to Know Before Seeing ‘Doctor Strange’ - The New York Times,"Even though he’s about to get the full Hollywood C. G. I. treatment, Doctor Strange has never been a superstar of the Marvel Universe  —   more like an endearing benchwarmer with a knuckleball personality and a wacky Cloak of Levitation. He arrived unheralded in 1963 in Strange Tales No. 110 as a     feature to the Human Torch. He was a slight,   afterthought dreamed up by Stan Lee and Steve Ditko, who are better known for creating the Amazing  . Conceived at first in the cornball tradition of comics necromancers like Mandrake the Magician and Mr. Mystic, Doctor Strange gradually staked out a singular position as a master of the mystic arts and, eventually, Sorcerer Supreme. And unlike most Marvel heroes, who rely on their fists, he uses magic to defend Earth from malign, otherworldly threats like the   Dread Dormammu and the nefarious Nightmare. He finally got his own comic book in 1968, but it was canceled the next year. Not even Doctor Strange’s mighty enchantments could overcome poor sales, a sad hallmark of his      career. But now potential vindication is near. “Doctor Strange” opens Friday, Nov. 4, with Benedict Cumberbatch starring. Based on my many decades of   study, here are 10 things you should know before you see the movie. Magic, after all, can be exhilarating but befuddling. 1. HE’S A REAL DOCTOR Before draping his cape and waggling his fingers, Stephen Strange was a talented yet arrogant surgeon, driven by ego and ambition. So he’s your man, whether you’ve got a bad ticker or, as Jason Aaron wrote in the recent graphic novel “The Way of the Weird,” “your daughter started cursing in Latin and walking like a spider. ” 2. HE’S AN ALLITERATION ADDICT This is really the writer Stan Lee’s fault, but Strange can’t speak without racking up   points. His many munificent mutterings include: the Shadowy Shades of the Seraphim, the Seven Rings of Raggadorr and  —   who can forget?  —   the Hoary Hosts of Hoggoth. 3. HE’S GROOVY, MAN! In the 1960s and early ’70s, he did have a certain counterculture cachet. In T. Rex’s “Mambo Sun,” Marc Bolan sang, “On a mountain range, I’m Doctor Strange for you. ” A 1965 psychedelic concert in San Francisco was called “A Tribute to Dr. Strange,”  and he showed up on the cover of the Pink Floyd album “A Saucerful of Secrets” (1968). 4. HE’S A MERRY PRANKSTER, TOO Speaking of the counterculture, the doc also appeared in “The Electric   Acid Test,” Tom Wolfe’s nonfiction chronicle of the   trip taken by the novelist Ken Kesey and his   Merry Pranksters. Mr. Wolfe wrote of Kesey reading comic books, “absorbed in the plunging purple Steve Ditko shadows of Dr. Strange. ” The writer Roy Thomas later returned the favor, giving Mr. Wolfe a   in Doctor Strange No. 180 in 1969. 5. HE LIVES IN THE VILLAGE (OF COURSE) Stephen Strange’s   Sanctum Sanctorum sits in Greenwich Village at 177A Bleecker. Presumably it’s not too far from his preferred watering hole, the   Bar With No Doors. 6. HE’S A MAGICAL LADIES MAN Sure, he routinely saves the world  —   if not the universe  —   but Strange is also something of a cad and a hound. He’s been known to make out with any entity that’s vaguely female in form, including insectlike  . Really, he’s more likely to be killed by a spurned girlfriend than by one of his archenemies. 7.  HE’S NO ALI He prefers to hurl spells, incantations and mystic bolts, but Doctor Strange will engage in physical combat if he has to. He knows martial arts, but his weapon of choice (in this fleshly plane of existence) is a baseball bat wrapped in enchanted barbed wire. 8. HE KNOWS SUPERNATURAL BONDAGE One disturbing element during Strange’s Ditko years ( ) was how often Clea, the doctor’s love interest, was drawn bound and in poses of submission. But the Ditko biographer Blake Bell explained in “Strange and Stranger: The World of Steve Ditko,” that in the years he worked on the character, Mr. Ditko shared a studio at the corner of Eighth Avenue and 43rd Street in Manhattan with Eric Stanton, a fetish artist. Stanton was best known for his bondage work on comic strips like “Sweeter Gwendolyn” and “Confidential TV. ” Maybe something stuck with Mr. Ditko. 9. HIS MENTOR WAS NOT TILDA SWINTON In the coming movie, Doctor Strange’s mentor, the Ancient One, is played by a beguiling if tough Tilda Swinton. In the comics, Ancient is male, an archaic Asian relic who owns an I’    face that looks like a fossilized prune. Ms. Swinton’s version is Celtic, and the change was one of a number of developments that led to renewed controversy over Hollywood’s whitewashing of Asian characters. 10. HIS DEFINING ARTIST WAS STEVE DITKO Though he stopped drawing the character in 1966, Steve Ditko is still the definitive Doctor Strange artist. For four years Mr. Ditko imagined Strange’s netherworlds,   dimensions and   phantasmagorias. (It’s hard to believe upon reading Doctor Strange that Mr. Ditko also once drew the   bulk of the Incredible Hulk.) As the comics historian Dean Mullaney has written of Ditko, “He took the ethereal and made it tangible. ” And two books have just been published that provide full access to Mr. Ditko’s dreamscapes. “Ditko Unleashed” (IDW) is the generously illustrated catalog for a Ditko retrospective on display through Jan. 8 at the Casal Solleric museum in Mallorca, Spain, while the “Doctor Strange Omnibus” (Marvel) reprints his full, epic run on the character. As the Marvel artist John Romita Sr. who succeeded Mr. Ditko on   told Mr. Bell, “No one could do Doctor Strange like him. ”",0
5987,How To Reduce Stress,"Share on Facebook Share on Twitter The root cause of stress is fear, as all fear is the threat of losing our attachments. If we’re attached to a desired outcome, anything that threatens it will be something we fear. The fear of losing control underpins stress, for example, and creates frustration over what can’t be controlled. As desirable as it is to be in a position of control, our attachment to it ultimately creates a fear that can manifest as stress, worry, anxiety, and panic. advertisement - learn more Fear brings disorder into our experience when it is within us, and it’s an energy that suppresses consciousness. Activation energy is the force required to get you from doing something when you’re on autopilot (such as habits, routines, procedural awareness, or relaxing) to doing something new. It is a manifestation of willpower. When we are in a state of fear (stress), our activation energy is diverted toward doing things to ourselves that are primarily against our will. Running late for work and caught in a traffic jam? You can either become frustrated and upset because you fear arriving to work late (which brings you no closer to your goal of getting there on time), or you can accept the present moment and use it as a learning lesson to leave earlier next time. You can also choose to enjoy the unexpected free time in the morning and listen to a podcast or some music. There are many choices you can make in that space of time that can affect or degrade even the most minute increments of your personal development. Stress causes you to divert attention and willpower away from your initial goal, bringing you no closer to it than when you began. In a state of stress and fear, your willpower gets diverted toward the threat, not the goal, and this is against your own best interest. Time is currency, so pay attention to what you spend your time on. advertisement - learn more Now of course there are valid situations where your willpower MUST be diverted toward dealing with the threat or there might not be any willpower left for you to use in the future! There are two types of fear: survival based fear and ego based fear. Ego fear includes fear of rejection, failure, humiliation, loss, uncertainty, lack of control, etc. These fears are not real, but may feel so to you. Ask yourself, what’s the worst that could happen? Is it death, the loss of freedom, a loved one suffering? If it’s none of those then you’re too attached to an outcome that is not essential to your wholeness. When we’re mindful of our awareness, extraordinary things await us on the opposite side of fear. Believe. Believe in what? Yourself? A higher power? Both? Believe in the truth of your situation by first accepting everything that is happening. You can’t move forward in a state of denial because denial is resistance. Then think about what you’re afraid of (an outcome, for example) and why it is making you feel afraid. What will you lose that is causing your anxiety? What is this thing that you’re holding onto that is vital to your security and wholeness? Fear should be an alarm, not a program. An alarm alerts you of danger, while a program controls and runs the show. When ALERTED by fear we can use the logic of our conscious mind to analyze if we are in any real danger, rather than allowing the subconscious mind and its primal instincts to impulsively control us. Even if we don’t lash out during times of stress and frustration, we may remain divided and chaotic internally, throwing emotional temper tantrums no one else sees. Do your job to parent yourself and take control of the inner child embedded in your subconscious mind (we all have one). Fear is an insecurity, and insecurity is the source of many malfunctions in the human condition. However, if it wasn’t for fear, we would never know who and what we really are. Fear is illusion. Life is designed to strip illusion from you by bringing you face to face with your fears again and again until you have no choice but to face them, release resistance to them, and become fearless. Once you become fearless you’re free from illusion because you have discovered the truth of what’s on the other side of your fear. We design our lives to run away from fear so we don’t have to feel it, but whatever we resist persists, chasing us into the corner. It’s understandable why we do this but it’s not helpful because this daunting tool that keeps offering itself to us is the tool of our expansion, the tool of truth if we are ready to accept it. You would be oblivious to yourself without fear, which makes it one of the greatest tools of awareness. You shouldn’t feel ashamed of it; regardless of how tough you are, every human being feels fear. People who suppress fear are glorified. Rather than suppress it, feel it and come to terms with it. This way you won’t feel the need to suppress it because you have already gotten to its source: truth. And the truth will always wipe out fear. By suppressing fear you’re ignoring your personal lesson. We often ignore what our emotional guidance system is trying to tell us because we don’t think fear is valid. Fear is a red flag within us that we should pay closer attention to so we can dig deep and find the source of that fear. Suppressing it is only ignoring the shadow, masking it as courage. We don’t examine the fear that we have; instead, we try to focus on anything that decreases the level of fear that we experience. Sometimes fear is legitimate and sometimes it is not, but we must always pay attention to it so we can get to the Truth of why it’s there. Fear of the unknown is also common. Since we know nothing about the unkown, what we actually fear is whatever we ourselves project into it. We think we know what potential negative thing the unknown might hold for us and we are running from the projection of that potential pain. We fear what we project into the unknown based on our previous experiences (mostly from childhood) of uncertainty and discomfort. The reptile brain seeks comfort, so anything that is uncomfortable alerts our primal survival drives. These red flags create anxious moments to our pleasure-seeking and pain-avoiding ego. When faced with the unknown, the mind goes to work projecting its already acquired fears into the unknown so that it can predict what lies there. It’s those projections that we fear. It’s not the unknown of that experience that it fears, it’s what it thinks it knows that experience will create. We need to be brave enough to face and admit to what we actually fear. This may sound counterintuitive, but everything we do, regardless of how stupid or damaging it is for ourselves, has a positive intention at its core. Anxiety responses aim to help us — usually to get us out of a situation, to protect us. Every behaviour that we generate, even if it’s detrimental to our long-term growth and happiness, has a positive intention behind it, and recognizing this will allow you to change the behaviour. Your subconscious mind wants to protect you but it doesn’t think long-term with respect to your growth and happiness; it reacts in the present moment, and wants to deal with the perceived danger NOW. The subconscious is always thinking about what’s happening now, and how to fix it now. It thinks, “How do I get out of it? How do I survive it?” While your subconscious mind is intuitive, smart, and integral to the mind-body system, it is also deeply irrational and has the cognitive capacity of a 10-year-old child. Ask yourself, would you let a 10-year-old run your life? We need to educate and guide the subconscious mind using its own language and worldview. The subconscious mind’s job is to keep you happy, healthy, and safe, so when you give it a way to understand that what it’s doing is hurting you, it will stop the behaviour. If the subconscious mind has to choose between safety and happiness, it will always chose safety. Self-preservation is its primary objective, to protect you and keep you alive so you can move your genes forward. Do not justify your fear. While something could have happened to you that created the fear, such as a traumatic event, you must still move beyond it. It may be difficult, but when you justify your fear, in whatever terms, you remain a prisoner to it. You give yourself a reason to hold onto the fear because you’re telling yourself that this fear is coming from the outside instead of its true source, the inside. Once you become aware of something, you have the choice and power to change it. Your belief systems determine your ability to overcome your fears. If you tell yourself, “I can’t overcome this fear,” you ensure this remains true. As long as you believe it, it will be True in your reality. The perception we have of ourselves is greater than the perception other people have of us. Your perceptions will determine how you will react, which in turn determines how long the fear will last in your life. Facing your greatest fears will be your greatest liberation. Your fears are your unresolved issues; once you get to the Truth of why they exist, you can resolve those issues and stop feeding the fears. We must let go of and reexamine what we think is good and bad because our perspective shapes our fears. 
The Sacred Science follows eight people from around the world, with varying physical and psychological illnesses, as they embark on a one-month healing journey into the heart of the Amazon jungle. 
You can watch this documentary film FREE for 10 days by clicking here. 
""If “Survivor” was actually real and had stakes worth caring about, it would be what happens here, and “The Sacred Science” hopefully is merely one in a long line of exciting endeavors from this group."" - Billy Okeefe, McClatchy Tribune",0
5988,Re: The McAuliffe — FBI — Clinton payoff story just got a whole lot worse,"— The Dishonorable DJT (@AceofSpadesHQ) October 27, 2016 
Remember that WSJ story we told you about on Sunday that reported on a Gov. Terry McAuliffe super PAC that donated to the wife of a senior FBI official who just happened to take over Hillary Clinton’s email investigation? 
Yeah … it just got a whole lot worse. Apparently Hillary Clinton herself was the one who raised the money for the super PAC that set off this entire chain of events in the first place! Alana Goodman of the Daily Mail reports: EXCLUSIVE: Clinton headlined fundraiser for McAuliffe group before it gave $500K to wife of FBI boss https://t.co/zOdL6yo8a2 
Not only that, but Clinton campaign manager Robby Mook used to work for the McAuliffe’s super PAC: 
Virginia election records show that Clinton’s campaign manager Robby Mook, a former McAuliffe aide, was also on the Common Good VA payroll before he joined her presidential campaign 
Another coincidence? Again, nothing to see here…move along, anoint her president and let's be done with it. Unreal. #tcot #lnyhbt https://t.co/pthO0dqqNr",0
5989,When Politics Became a Fashion Statement - The New York Times,"It was the year politics took over our closets, and clothes went beyond products to become positions. From the moment in early February when Beyoncé strode onto the field at the Levi’s Stadium in Santa Clara, Calif. for the Super Bowl 50 halftime show followed by an army of backup dancers in outfits that paid homage to the Black Panthers to perform “Formation,” a song that was called the anthem of the Black Lives Matter movement, it was clear “fashion statement” was going to take on a whole new meaning in 2016. No longer was it enough to simply tell others what you believed you had to show them, too. And the simplest, most powerful, most public way to do that was via what you wore. In a world of white noise and factional cacophony, a world where the first line of communication is visual, clothes are our shared language. Whether you like what you see or not, you can read it. Once upon a time “political dress” meant the dress of the political class. In 2016, it became a term donned by everyone  —   and damned by some. Practically every month. In April, Laurence Rossignol, the French minister for women’s rights, fired the first salvo at what became the fashion lightning rod of the summer: the Burkini. Ms. Rossignol scolded designers from Marks  Spencer to Dolce  Gabbana for catering to the Muslim market by offering   swimsuits and   hijabs, accusing them of “promoting women’s bodies being locked up” to bolster their own coffers. Soon Pierre Bergé, the outspoken   of Yves Saint Laurent, stepped into the fray. A particular item of dress had become a symbol of the debate over the balance between enlightenment values and civil society, and whether freedom includes the freedom to wear whatever you want. By August, the issue had gone global and viral. Islamic women increasingly demanded they be accorded equal respect and treatment when it came to their clothing choices. The fencer Ibtihaj Muhammad became the first Olympic athlete to compete for the United States while wearing a hijab. Then Anniesa Hasibuan, an Indonesian, became the first designer to pair a hijab with every look of her show during New York Fashion Week. Condé Nast International started Vogue Arabia. [See more Year in Style articles] It was but one sartorial story in a summer where wardrobes spoke as loudly as any words (and in turn spurred a lot of them). In May, in a nod to the opening of Cuba, Karl Lagerfeld took the Chanel Cruise show to Havana, becoming the first brand to stage a show in the country. The decision was not without controversy, since the average Cuban wage at the time was $25 a month and the brand had, it admitted, “zero business” there  —   but the trip did serve in focusing the attention of the 1 percent, at least for a moment, on the island nation. In June, British designers began to publicly declare their  “Brexit” stance using the London men’s wear shows as their soapbox, with one designer, Daniel W. Fletcher, not only staging a   outside the official show site but also dressing his protesters in “stay” hoodies and   and the Sibling designers Sid Bryan and Cozette McCreery likewise donning slogan tees to take their   bows. In July, W. N. B. A. teams led by the Minnesota Lynx and then the New York Liberty started swapping their usual uniform   for black   emblazoned with the slogans #blacklivesmatter and #Dallas5, among others despite individual and team fines from the league, the players persisted. Around the same time, a photo became a national symbol when a young woman in a flowing sundress faced down police in Baton Rouge, La. at a protest over the killing of Alton Sterling, and the visceral visual contrast between the Louisiana State Police troopers’ black riot gear and her graceful, nonrevolutionary summer frock crystallized the fault lines developing around the country. That month also saw the election of Theresa May, who became Britain’s second female prime minister, causing a torrent of stories about her fanciful footwear, which she proudly proclaimed was a tactical “icebreaker” in   meetings. And it was when Hillary Clinton formally accepted the Democratic Party’s nomination for president. Standing onstage at the Democratic National Convention in Philadelphia, Mrs. Clinton made history as the first woman to be a major party nominee for president, but in case you missed the import, her white Ralph Lauren pantsuit underscored the message. It squared the circle first drawn by suffragists in 1913 when they adopted white as one of their signature colors, and later traced by Gloria Steinem and Betty Friedan in 1978 when they wore white to the women’s rights march on Washington, and then by Geraldine Ferraro with her white suit accepting the Democratic   nomination in 1984. And so it went. By September, there was no holding back: The look of autumn was the look of the American election. New York Fashion Week kicked off the day with a benefit for Mrs. Clinton featuring a runway show for which Anna Wintour, editor of American Vogue, was a host Ms. Wintour wore a dress designed by Jason Wu featuring a mosaic of the different states in varying shades of blue. Opening Ceremony recast its presentation as a “pageant of the people” featuring not only models in shirtdresses and bomber jackets but also Natasha Lyonne and Whoopi Goldberg talking electoral issues  —   both accessorized by Rock the Vote volunteers. In Paris, Stella McCartney splashed female empowerment and antifur slogans such as “Thanks Girls” and “No Leather” over her lace and cotton loungewear. In October, the “pantsuit power” flash mob, 170 dancers strong, took to the streets in New York’s Union Square wearing, natch, a rainbow of pantsuits to demonstrate their support of Mrs. Clinton the resulting video has been seen over 91, 000 times. And on Nov. 8 those women who intended to vote for the first female president adopted both sartorial stratagems, and went to the polls in pantsuits or white or both to cast their votes. You didn’t even need to see the boxes they checked on their ballots to know where they were coming from. Though their candidate lost, the point remained, embedded in the fabric of social media and, now, recent history. The year may be over. But the change in our wardrobes  —   the change in how we think about the fabric of our lives  —   is just beginning.",0
5990,"Even Before the Wall, Migrants Find the U.S. Forbidding - The New York Times","SONOYTA, Mexico  —   Reiner Ríos Gómez, who is from Honduras’s capital, Tegucigalpa, lifted his shirt last week to expose a scar about 12 inches long in the middle of his back, where he said a machete hit him as he fled the robbers who were trying to steal his pay: 2, 800 lempiras, or about $119, for half a month’s work in construction. To escape that life, he set out for the United States on Jan. 15, making it as far as Sonoyta, Mexico, a city on the Arizona border where roadside stalls sell the camouflage clothes and backpacks that migrants use to cross to the other side. Then he called a cousin in Houston. “Why are you coming?” he said his cousin asked him. “They’re going to send you back. ” So Mr. Ríos, 33, settled down at a shelter in Sonoyta, unsure of what to do next. “I have nothing to go back to,” he said. “And I don’t know if there’s anything for me on the other side. ” Customs and Border Protection reported this week that the number of people caught trying to enter the United States illegally from Mexico had fallen in February to the lowest level in five years. The Trump administration said the sharp decline was a sign that its promises to hire more enforcement agents, deport more people and wall off the border were discouraging people from even trying to cross. In interviews with migrants, their advocates, and workers at shelters and soup kitchens in Mexico, the United States and Central America, few quibbled with the idea that President Trump had altered the climate for immigration. Indeed, it was clear that the ground had shifted on both sides of the border, and that the   route north to a better life had suddenly grown quieter, riskier and more desperate. Since January, occupancy at one shelter in Nuevo Laredo, across the border from Laredo, Tex. has fallen by about   according to its director, Aarón Méndez Ruiz. Other shelters in the United States and Mexico reported significant drops as well. Six Central Americans staying at Mr. Méndez’s shelter voluntarily surrendered to the Mexican authorities so they could be sent back home, he said, and about 40 more chose to return on their own. “That had never happened,” Mr. Méndez said. “People don’t return. ” In the Arizona desert, where blue flags flying 30 feet in the air mark where volunteers have left drums full of water, “there have been more water stations with no water use than usual,” said Stephen Saltonstall of the aid group Humane Borders. Last week, Ruben Garcia, the director of the Annunciation House, a shelter in El Paso, noticed that far fewer Central Americans were arriving than he was used to seeing. He asked those who did show up why that was. “One hundred percent verbalized some version of, ‘Your president,’” Mr. Garcia said. The drop in border crossings is encouraging news, the homeland security secretary, John F. Kelly, said in a statement, “because it means many fewer people are putting themselves and their families at risk of exploitation, assault and injury by human traffickers and the physical dangers of the treacherous journey north. ” At the same time, though, the dire economic and safety conditions that drive people from their homes have not changed. At Casa del Migrante  —   a shelter in Caborca, 80 miles from the Arizona border  —   Mainor José Portillo, a      from Choloma, Honduras, was waiting last week for his arm to heal. He injured it last month while trying to enter the United States. Because he had no money to pay his smugglers, he had agreed to carry a backpack filled with 50 pounds of marijuana. But he was spotted by the Border Patrol as soon as he crossed, he said, so he dropped the backpack and was able to outrun the agents and make it back to the Mexican side. Now he was trying to decide whether to try again. One thing was certain: He did not want to go back to Honduras. “The gangs killed my cousin, and they said I was going to be next,” he said. Attempting an illegal crossing into the United States has become even more of a financial gamble than before. Officials and immigrant advocates in several countries said the criminal groups that control smuggling had been empowered as they began marketing themselves to migrants as the only way to evade the increased enforcement. Smuggling fees from El Salvador, Honduras and Guatemala, the   and   Northern Triangle of Central America, have climbed as high as $15, 000, advocates and officials reported, far above the average yearly income in the region. Some migrants who might once have headed to the United States for safety and work are instead looking elsewhere, including Mexico, Belize, Costa Rica, Panama and even South America. “If the United States isn’t a country that will provide the guarantees, they will go somewhere else,” said Vinicio Sandoval, executive director of the Independent Monitoring Group of El Salvador, a labor and legal rights organization involved in migration issues. But a number of migrants along the route were holding to the unrealistic hope that Mr. Trump would change his mind about them. Gustavo Adolfo Gómez, a    cabdriver, said he had left Choluteca, Honduras, on Jan. 15 after gang members sprayed the taxi stand where he worked with bullets, killing two of his colleagues. He arrived on Feb. 27 at the Pueblos Sin Fronteras shelter in Sonoyta. He said he planned to wait there a bit. For what? He was not sure. “Maybe Trump will close his eyes one night and God will touch his heart,” he said.   men and one woman slept at Casa del Migrante in Caborca one night last week, on rolled rugs and skinny mats under a frayed plastic roof that did not completely keep out the rain. Just a month earlier, the shelter was twice as full. Leonel Valderramas, 36, who stayed there last week, said he had departed in early January from San Pedro Sula, Honduras, the most dangerous city in one of the most dangerous countries in the world. He heard updates about Mr. Trump’s policies along the way, from fellow migrants who had boarded the same freight trains: “the wall, the raids, the deportation, everything,” he said. He hoped to make it to Houston, where he has friends. But then his wife called, telling him, “Si quieres, regresa”  —   come back if you want to. He had come too far to turn back, he said. “But,” he added, “what if I keep going and I get caught?”",0
5991,"U.S./al-Qaeda attacks school in Idlib, reportedly kills 22 kids, 6 teachers - blames Russia and Syria","Thu, 27 Oct 2016 17:37 UTC © Omar haj kadour / AFP A Syrian man checks the damage at a school after it was hit in an alleged air strike in the village of Hass, in the south of Syria's rebel-held Idlib province on October 26, 2016. Almost two dozen children have reportedly been killed in an airstrike on a school complex in Syria's Idlib province, according to opposition activists . The reports emerged as the UN Security Council debated the dire humanitarian situation in the country. At least 28 civilians, mostly children, were killed when the strikes hit a school complex in the village of Hass, the activists said, pinning the blame on either Russian or Syrian warplanes . The Wednesday tragedy was first reported by the controversial two-man, London-based Syrian Observatory for Human Rights and the Western-funded Civil Defense Network, also known as the White Helmets . The opposition Idlib Media Center also confirmed a strike on a school, claiming a ""rocket"" struck the premises. Comment: Red flag number one. Abdulrahman (aka SOHR) is a fraud and a terrorist sympathizer (see: Propaganda spin cycle: 'Syrian Observatory for Human Rights' is funded by US and UK governments ). The White Helmets have the distinction of being actual terrorists (see: White Helmets Fraud: Terrorist Support Group, Not Humanitarians - But West Loves Them! ). They are liars, cheats, frauds, and killers. ""One rocket hit the entrance of the school as students were leaving to go home after the school administration decided to end classes for the day because of the raids,"" an activist said, speaking on condition of anonymity . The UN Children's Rights & Emergency Relief Organization has condemned the tragedy as a potential ""war crime,"" saying it is likely the ""deadliest attack on a school"" since the beginning of the Syrian war. ""Twenty-two children and six teachers were reportedly murdered today when their school compound was repeatedly attacked in Idlib, Syria,"" UNICEF Executive Director Anthony Lake said in a statement. He did not specify the circumstances of the attack or the sources of the reports. ""This is a tragedy. It is an outrage. And if deliberate, it is a war crime ,"" Lake added. ""When will the world's revulsion at such barbarity be matched by insistence that this must stop?"" Comment: UNSG Ban Ki-moon released an identical statement today, saying : ""The Secretary-General is appalled by reports of attacks that killed students and teachers in a school complex in Haas village, Idlib governorate, Syria on 26 October. If deliberate, this attack may amount to a war crime."" Earlier in the day, Russian Foreign Ministry spokeswoman Maria Zakharova condemned the attack on a school in Syria's Idlib and called for an investigation into the bombing . She also said that international media ""launched an attack"" on Russia by claiming that Moscow and Damascus are behind the bombing without presenting evidence . Russia's ambassador to the United Nations, Vitaly Churkin, said that Moscow will look into the facts to determine whether a possible airstrike destroyed the school, as reports of the deadly assault have so far only been confirmed by groups with tainted reputations and questionable sources. © Omar haj kadour / AFP A general view shows a damaged classroom at a school after it was hit in an alleged air strike in the village of Hass, in the south of Syria's rebel-held Idlib province on October 26, 2016. Commenting on allegations that Russian jets could be responsible, Churkin said that Moscow will wait for the military to assess the situation. ""It's horrible, I hope we were not involved. It's the easiest thing for me to say no, but I'm a responsible person, so I need to see what my Ministry of Defense is going to say ,"" he said. In it latest daily bulletin , the Russian center for the reconciliation of the opposing sides did not mention striking any targets in Idlib province . Citing a military source, Syrian state TV did report that strikes had taken place on terrorist positions in the region, but the targeting of a school complex was not confirmed. Idlib province is controlled by the Army of Conquest, a conglomerate of rebel groups being run by Fateh al-Sham Front (formerly Jabhat al-Nusra). Under the truce agreed between Russia and the US earlier this year, Islamic State and Al-Nusra fighters will continue to be targeted in airstrikes until terrorists lay down their weapons. Comment: The Russian Foreign Ministry explicitly denied carrying out an airstrike on the school. Maria Zakharova: ""This is a lie. Russia has nothing to do with this dreadful attack."" The Defense Ministry followed up with their own statement, which unlike the paranoid ravings of SOHR and the White Helmets, actually included some evidence: ""On Thursday, a Russian UAV was directed to the area, to conduct detailed digital photography,"" said a statement from Defense Ministry spokesman Major General Igor Konashenkov. ""As can be seen from the photos taken by the drone, there are no signs of damage to the roof of the school, or craters from airstrikes around it ."" ""We have analyzed the photo and video 'evidence' of the supposed attack. The video published in a range of Western media outlets appears to consist of more than 10 different shots, filmed at different times of the day, and in different resolutions that were edited into a single clip,"" stated Konashenkov. ""The photograph published by AFP shows that only one wall of the school is damaged, and all the desks inside the classroom are in place . The outer fence seen through the hole has no traces of damage from bomb fragments. In a genuine airstrike this is physically impossible - the furniture would have been swept away by the blast wave, and there would have been damage marks on the classroom wall and the outer fence ."" © Russian Defense Ministry "" Our evidence points to UNICEF falling victim to another scam from the White Helmet fraudsters . Before making resonant statements, UNICEF should check its sources more carefully, to protect the reputation of the respected organization,"" continued Konashenkov. In addition, just as with the humanitarian aid convoy attack, Russian recon detected a U.S. drone in the area at the time of the attack: No Russian aircraft entered the area over the Syrian Idlib, where the alleged strike took place, [Konashenkov said]. ""According to a photo made by a Russian UAV, the school's roof is not damaged and there are no bomb craters in the area near the school. Similar information may be requested from our American colleagues. Russian reconnaissance means registered a US' MQ-1B Predator surveillance-and-attack drone .""",0
5992,Rising Tumult Over Principal at Elite Queens High School - The New York Times,"There has been a   and a rally, an allegation of “fake news,” a petition that garnered thousands of signatures and a chorus of outcry from elected officials. What is causing so much outrage? Townsend Harris High School, a   school in Queens, is getting a new principal. For several months, students, teachers and parents have made a forceful and public case against the school’s interim acting principal, Rosemarie Jahoda, who has held the position since the beginning of the school year. They have criticized her management style and interactions with students, and called for her to be replaced. In the past week, the conflict has only intensified. On Tuesday, the Queens borough president, Melinda Katz, sent a letter to the New York City schools chancellor, Carmen Fariña, calling for changes in the     process, which she described as “entirely shrouded under a veil of silence and secrecy. ” This was her third letter to Ms. Fariña on the hiring process and its impact on Townsend Harris. When a principal position is open, the superintendent selects three to five candidates from the applicant pool and sends them to members of the school leadership team, which is made up of parents, school staff members and the chapter leader of the teachers’ union. A committee from the leadership team interviews applicants and makes recommendations to the superintendent. The superintendent then consults with the leadership team, but does not have to choose the candidate it favored. This is all done in private, and members of the leadership team are required to sign a confidentiality agreement. “You can’t have true community input without allowing the community input to be public,” Ms. Katz said in an interview. Students working on the school newspaper, The Classic, filed a Freedom of Information Act request this week asking for the names of the 38 people who had applied to be their principal, according to Brian Sweeney, an English teacher and the school newspaper adviser. Although being appointed interim acting principal does not officially confer an advantage in getting the job permanently, some people familiar with the workings of the system believe that it does. Other public officials have also criticized the process and expressed concerns about Ms. Jahoda. Nily Rozic and David Weprin, two Democratic members of the New York State Assembly, said in a letter last week to the schools chancellor that they were “disappointed by the lack of community input during the selection process and the lack of engagement by your office. ” Their letter also raised concerns about a comment by an Education Department official that “fake news” about the situation at Townsend Harris was being widely circulated. The official, Fran DeSanctis, a representative for the high school superintendent’s office, made the comment at a district leadership meeting last week, the letter said. The Townsend Harris newspaper has aggressively covered the tensions at the school and Ms. Jahoda. Students on the school paper were outraged by the “fake news” comment, saying their own reporting accounted for much of the news being written on the subject. They published a public letter of their own online.’ ”“PolitiFact defines fake news as ’  stuff, masterfully manipulated to look like credible journalistic reports,’” the letter said. “Fake news is not poorly sourced journalism: It is wholly fictitious. Ms. DeSanctis is therefore not accusing us of being wrong she is accusing us of purposefully making up lies and reporting them as news. If we were fabricating our material, we would be able to leave school far earlier than we do. ”” ’Through the Education Department, Ms. DeSanctis declined to comment. Ms. Jahoda, who declined to be interviewed, said in a statement, “It’s always been my focus as a teacher and administrator to serve students, and it continues to be my focus at Townsend Harris. ” “While there have been many inaccurate allegations,” she said, “I want to move forward and serve all the students and families at Townsend. ” Ms. Katz, the borough president, said she was perplexed by how the conflict had spun so far out of control. “Whatever they’re doing right now, it’s not working,” she said of the Education Department. “No matter who they pick permanently, right now they’ve let it go astray. No one is answering the question of the kids and teachers and parents and alumni. ” Will Mantell, a spokesman for the department, said, “We value hearing from students, elected officials and school communities, and continue to listen to their feedback. ”",0
5993,"Today in History: Harry Truman Defies State Department, Recognizes Israel - Breitbart","On May 14, 1948, U. S. President Harry Truman recognized the   State of Israel  —   over the vehement objections of the State Department, which was partial to the Arab states and lacked confidence that the Jewish state could defend itself. [Truman declared:  This Government has been informed that a Jewish state has been proclaimed in Palestine, and recognition has been requested by the provisional Government thereof. The United States recognizes the provisional government as the de facto authority of the new State of Israel. Truman’s brief telegram was an act of immense political courage. For months, his leading foreign policy advisers, including Secretary of State George C. Marshall, had been urging him not to recognize Israel, but rather to consider a prolonged “trusteeship” of Palestine after the British Mandate had expired. In brazen tactics reminiscent of the “deep state” methods being used by the federal bureaucracy against President Donald Trump today, the State Department even tried to tie Truman’s hands. As one of his advisers, Clark Clifford, later recalled: My fears about the State Department had crystallized after a bitter incident in March, when, without informing the President, it had permit ted the American delegation to the UN to reverse its support for partition and switch to trusteeship for Palestine  —   a contradiction of a personal commitment the President had given the previous day to Chaim Weiz mann, the Zionist leader who would later become the first President of Israel. Furious and depressed when he learned what had happened, Presi dent Truman wrote on his calendar for March 19, 1948: “The State Dept. pulled the rug from under me today  …    . The first I know about it is what I see in the papers! Isn’t that hell? I am now in the position of a liar and a  . I’ve never felt so low in my life. There are people on the third and fourth level of the State Dept. who have always wanted to cut my throat. They’ve succeeded in doing it. ” The State Deparment’s arrogance merely strengthened Truman’s resolve on the issue. Truman wrote to his sister on March 21, 1948 that the State Department’s “striped pants conspirators” had “balled up” the issue, but added that “it may work out anyway in spite of them. ” On May 12, Truman presided over a decisive meeting in the Oval Office. The State Department presented its case against Israel. Clifford was there, and spoke in favor of recognition. Secretary Marshall objected to his presence, adding: “If you follow Clifford’s advice and if I were to vote in the election, I would vote against you. ” President Truman did not make his decision known until the fateful day itself. The president’s staff made clear to the State Department that if it opposed him, Truman was prepared to fight a political war against it. Finally, the bureaucrats backed down. The diplomats at the United Nations were taken by surprise. Clifford notes their reaction in his memoir: “As The New York Times reported the next morn ing, ‘the first reaction was that someone was making a terrible joke, and some diplomats broke into skeptical laughs. ’” But reality soon set in. The United States had recognized Israel  —   and the Soviet Union did the same a few days later. Since then, the State Department has generally retained an   bias  —   partly because of the oil reserves controlled by Israel’s enemies, and partly because of the sheer number of Arab and Muslim states, which allows them to exert disproportionate power in many international institutions. The left’s embrace of the Palestinian cause has also affected the political culture in Washington. The consensus in the foreign policy community is that moves such as relocating the U. S. embassy to Jerusalem would launch  —   indeed, almost justify  —   a “third intifada. ” But for Truman, the issue of recognizing Israel was fundamentally a moral one. And he was not going to let any bureaucrat, or any foreign threat, stand in his way. As he wrote to his brother on March 22, 1948: “I think the proper thing to do, and the thing I have been doing, is to do what I think is right and let them all go to hell. ” Joel B. Pollak is Senior    at Breitbart News. He was named one of the “most influential” people in news media in 2016. He is the   of How Trump Won: The Inside Story of a Revolution, is available from Regnery. Follow him on Twitter at @joelpollak.",0
5994,Bombshell Report Exposes FBI Agents Trying To Get Trump Elected (TWEETS) – New Century Times,"
According to Reuters: 
“The new emails turned up as FBI investigators were examining electronic devices used by former Democratic Representative Anthony Weiner in connection with an alleged “sexting” scandal. Weiner’s estranged wife, Huma Abedin, is a Clinton confidante.” 
According to two law enforcement sources, there is a group of investigators within the FBI’s New York Field Office – the office that discovered the recent Anthony Weiner emails – that are hostile toward Clinton – and it is believed that this faction is behind the recent media leaks about the ongoing Clinton Foundation investigation. 
One thing is for sure – if Clinton wins the election on Tuesday, the Democratic Party will undoubtedly be launching an investigation into the FBI, and it would be more than ironic if the most memorable scandal of the 2016 election ends up being about the FBI, instead of Clinton’s emails. 
Apparently, Trump supporter Rudy Giuliani – the former mayor of New York City – might have some involvement in it as well: 
It is a clear violation of the law by these FBI agents in an attempt to influence a presidential election. If any Democrats were thinking about staying home on election day, this should really inspire them to do the opposite. 
Clinton needs every vote now, as people are going to ridiculous lengths to make this election work for Trump, who is currently losing in the polls. Clinton is facing more opposition and obstacles than any presidential candidate has ever dealt with, and even those in power are abusing their authority to get her insane opponent into the White House. ",0
5995,Hillary Clinton Embraces Ideas From Bernie Sanders’s College Tuition Plan - The New York Times,"Hillary Clinton’s campaign announced a proposal on Wednesday to eliminate tuition at   public colleges and universities for families with annual incomes up to $125, 000  —   largely embracing a core position of Senator Bernie Sanders, who had pledged to make tuition at public institutions free for all students. While stopping short of Mr. Sanders’s vision, the proposal is likely to hearten many of the senator’s young supporters who had flocked to his insurgent campaign. Mrs. Clinton and her aides are working to unite the party behind her before the Democratic National Convention begins on July 25 in Philadelphia. She and Mr. Sanders have already discussed the importance of featuring the issue of the affordability of higher education prominently in the general election. Mr. Sanders, who has yet to end his candidacy and endorse Mrs. Clinton, praised her education proposal as a “very bold initiative” in a brief news conference in Washington on Wednesday, calling it a significant step for party unity. “The final product is the work of both campaigns,” he said  —   a clear sign of thawing relations between the two after a bitterly fought nominating contest. The policy proposals come as Mrs. Clinton has been engaged in intensely personal sparring with Donald J. Trump, the presumptive Republican nominee, and could be an effort to turn the page in her campaign a day after the F. B. I. director, James B. Comey, was sharply critical of her “extremely careless” use of a private email address and server. Under Mrs. Clinton’s education proposal, the federal government would provide tuition grants to states that agree to put up some matching money. In some respects, the proposal was similar to one Mrs. Clinton made last year. At that time, however, she said she would expect families to make a “realistic contribution” to tuition payments. Also, borrowing a key aspect of Mr. Sanders’s plan, the new proposal appears to make tougher demands on states than her previous one. Education policy experts generally praised the new proposal, calling the requirements for state financial participation essential to reversing the drastic state cuts in higher education support. But some experts said details of the initiative  —   including exactly how it would work and be paid for  —   were sketchy, and raised concerns that some states would decline to contribute money. They also raised questions about the impact on private colleges and universities with small endowments that compete with state institutions. “To the extent that it borrows from the Sanders system of   matching, that’s a very significant step forward in our judgment,” said Barmak Nassirian, the director of federal relations and policy analysis for the American Association of State Colleges and Universities, whose membership includes many regional public universities. “The reason prices have gone up is that states have been withdrawing their support. ” F. King Alexander, the chancellor of Louisiana State University, who has advocated a state matching requirement in federal education funding, said the Clinton campaign had been in contact with him about the proposal. “The most important part of the plan is that the federal government plays a role in getting states to reinvest and keep higher education affordable at public colleges and universities,” Mr. Alexander said. “You can only play in the free college game if your state maintains its commitment. ” Mrs. Clinton had previously raised questions about that aspect of Mr. Sanders’s plan, saying it gave states the ability to opt out, just as some had done with Medicaid expansion. As recently as this spring, Mrs. Clinton scoffed at the idea that Republican governors like Scott Walker of Wisconsin  —   who has slashed state spending on the University of Wisconsin  —   would ever go along with Mr. Sanders and support state matching funds to qualify for his proposed federal tuition grants. She was almost surely right  —   and on Wednesday, a spokesman for Mr. Walker said the governor would not go along with her plan, either, seeing it as costly and ineffective. The Clinton campaign was struggling with the question of what would happen if some states refused to participate, said an education expert who was consulted on the plan. In addition to possible opposition from states that would not want to pay or that resent federal intrusion, the plan might face resistance from private colleges and universities that compete with public institutions receiving the federal money, even though it pledges $25 billion over 10 years to help historically black colleges and other private colleges with modest endowments. “Our biggest concern with it is how it limits student choice,” said Sarah A. Flanagan, the vice president of government relations for the   National Association of Independent Colleges and Universities. “It would put a lot of subsidies  —   well over $100 billion in new money  —   towards major economic incentives for people to go to their   public colleges, not even    public colleges. It certainly limits student choice. ” Mrs. Clinton had previously said she would raise the money for her education plan, estimated last year to cost $350 billion over 10 years, by limiting deductions for   taxpayers. The additional cost of the proposals announced Wednesday would be covered by closing tax loopholes, particularly those used by hedge funds and private equity firms, the campaign said. Mr. Sanders had said his plan to make college tuition free would have cost $70 billion a year, with   of that paid for by states. As part of her package of proposals, Mrs. Clinton, who speaks often on the campaign trail of her plans for   college education, is also calling for a   moratorium on the repayment of federal student loans. The move, which the campaign said would be carried out through executive action if Mrs. Clinton becomes president, would allow borrowers to refinance loans or restructure   debt. Mrs. Clinton is also pledging to restore   Pell Grant funding, her campaign said, in the hopes of aiding students seeking summer courses, and will also require that students work 10 hours a week to help pay the cost of their college attendance. If adopted, her initiative would take shape over several years, the campaign said, initially covering students whose families make $85, 000 a year or less. The threshold would increase by $10, 000 a year until it reached $125, 000 in 2021. The announcement arrives as Mr. Sanders and his allies seek to exert maximum influence over the official Democratic platform, hoping to push Mrs. Clinton to the left on a number of fronts. Adam Green, one of the founders of the Progressive Change Campaign Committee, an advocacy group, said the announcement on Wednesday “should be welcome news for Bernie Sanders supporters. ” “This represents a doubling down by Hillary Clinton on the idea that if you’re a student in America, you should be able to attend your state’s public colleges or universities and graduate with zero debt,” Mr. Green said in a statement. “It would be smart general election messaging if the popular idea of   college with a   component gets enshrined in the Democratic platform. ” At his news conference on Wednesday, Mr. Sanders said: “I want to take this opportunity this afternoon to applaud Secretary Clinton for the very bold initiative she has brought forth for the financing of higher education. This proposal combines some of the strongest ideas which she fought for during the campaign with some of the principles that I fought for. ”",0
5996,Sen. Mike Lee: Conservatives Must Join President Trump as Champions of ’The Forgotten Man’,"Utah Republican Sen. Mike Lee told an audience at Washington’s Heritage Foundation Wednesday that he is aligned with President Donald Trump’s populist conservatism and the president’s concern for “The Forgotten Man” —  a full reversal from stances he took in the presidential campaign when he adamantly opposed Trump’s candidacy. [“Donald Trump’s tabloid and   persona may be an artifact of America’s glib celebrity culture, but his presidency represents a substantive indictment of Washington’s political and policymaking consensus, very much including the consensus within the GOP,” Lee said. “It’s an indictment I  . ”  Lee, who was associated with conservative holdouts, said it was time to get with the program and recognize that Trump is working on the same problems they are working on. “Almost seven years ago, I first ran for the Senate as an   challenger against an incumbent of my own party,” he said. He added: Four years ago, I first came to the Heritage Foundation and urged conservatives to reconnect with the working families and struggling communities our party had too long ignored and I spent the bulk of my first term in the Senate advocating for policy reforms to help and empower the “Forgotten Americans” that Washington’s broken status quo was leaving behind. “President Trump’s peculiar brand of populist, nationalist politics is not what I had in mind. But nor must his election be the existential threat to conservatism, republicanism, and constitutionalism that many of his critics on the Right fear,” the senator said. The speech marked Lee’s progress from the loyal supporter of his best friend in the upper chamber, Sen. Ted Cruz (R. ) who took the fight to candidate Trump on the platform committee and led the unsuccessful fight to unbind pledged delegates to the New York City developer. It was a move that could have freed   delegates unable to vote their will on the first ballot. In September, Lee rejected the idea of accepting Trump’s nomination to the Supreme Court. In October, Lee asked Trump to step aside from the GOP ticket after the Access Hollywood tape was released. In November, Lee said he did not vote for Trump, instead opting for Evan McMullin, a former senior aide to Rep. Cathy McMorris Rodgers (R. . ). After the election, the Utah senator made the trip to Trump Tower and met with the   for 90 minutes. The meeting went well enough for Lee to tell a Utah radio audience in January that if Trump asked him to be on the Supreme Court, he would accept the nod. The senator was the featured speaker opening up the foundation’s “Conservatism for the Forgotten Man” discussion. The discussion will be hosted by John Edward Hilboldt, the foundation’s director of lectures and seminars led by Yuval Levin, a Hertog Fellow at the Ethics and Public Policy Center and editor at National Affairs and Heritage’s Salim Furth, a research fellow in macroeconomics. Lee said conservatives struggle with how to gauge how much government people really want and need. “Conservatives’ view of human nature and history tells us that in this life, there will always be problems and that attempts to use government to solve them often only make things worse,” he said. The natural skepticism for government action often proves conservatives are correct and much better at empowering citizens and communities to develop their own solutions, he said. “At our worst, though, we look indifferent to suffering and injustice because we may not see problems that require action. ” Deciding where, when, and how much to act is the constant frustration for conservatives, but with the November results, the struggle and frustration have been resolved, he said. “President Trump has already identified the problems that Americans want us to solve: Economic dislocation and insecurity. Inequality of opportunity, political marginalization, social isolation, and the cruel repugnance of a   elite insulated from all of the above openly contemptuous of their disconnected countrymen who are not,” he said. “These problems are why Donald Trump ran for president and why he won. ” Conservatives must recognize that millions of real people need help, and it is incumbent upon them to work with the president, he asserted. “Trump was elected to help those Americans. And conservatives  —   especially conservatives who had misgivings about Candidate Trump  —   have a duty now to help him see how and where our principles can serve his mandate,” he said. “While the Left rages and the Washington Establishment scratches its head, conservatives  —   we  —   can make a case for a unifying,    agenda. ”",0
5997,Report: Anthony Weiner to Plead Guilty on Charges of Sexting a Minor - Breitbart,"Disgraced former New York congressman Anthony Weiner will plead guilty to charges that he sent obscene material to a    girl, The New York Times has reported. [Weiner, 52, will enter a guilty plea with the U. S. Attorney’s Office in Manhattan on a single charge of sending explicit material to a minor. The girl alleged that he sent her nude photos, shared pornographic videos with her, discussed his “rape fantasies,” and requested that she undress and masturbate during video calls.  The crime carries a sentence of up to 10 years in jail, although it is likely that the sentence will mean Weiner becomes a registered sex offender, although a final determination is yet to be made. Throughout his political career, Weiner, who is married to close Hillary Clinton aide Huma Abedin, has been embroiled in a number of sexting scandals. The first, exposed in 2011 by the late Andrew Breitbart and dubbed ‘Weinergate,’ led to his resignation from Congress and the issuing of a public apology. Then, in 2013, while running as a candidate for mayor of New York, more photos were published of Weiner sexting another woman under the alias ‘Carlos Danger.’ Despite the revelation, Weiner did not pull out the race and eventually finished fifth with just 4. 9 percent of the vote. Last October, Weiner checked into a sex addiction facility to overcome his urges, although he was reportedly forced to leave early having run out of money to pay for it. Now, Huma Abedin, who last year revealed she was separating from Weiner, is reportedly “working hard” to save the couple’s marriage. According to sources close to the New York Post, Abedin remains “in love” with Weiner, blaming the “pressures of the campaign and presidential race and him drifting off into obscurity” for his latest relapse. You can follow Ben Kew on Facebook, on Twitter at @ben_kew, or email him at bkew@breitbart. com",0
5998,Exclusive Excerpt -- Adrienne Ross: ’Push Your Way to Purpose: How to Get from Where You Are to Where You’re Meant to Be’,"Breitbart News head copy editor Adrienne Ross published two books on April 17,  Push Your Way to Purpose: How to Get from Where You Are to Where You’re Meant to Be and #AuntAlma Unleashed: Old, Bold, and Out of Control. Below is an excerpt from Push Your Way to Purpose.  Purpose consumes me. It always has. Who are you? Why are you? What will you? I began contemplating those questions when I was a young girl sitting in my bedroom and staring at pictures of music and television icons taped to my wall. But it started long before that. I entered the world with a mandate on my life. It was spoken. It was so. But I didn’t know.   I always had a feeling that something larger was calling me, though, which made little sense, considering that I lived in rather ordinary surroundings. The projects of the Bronx don’t exactly conjure up images of greatness. Later, after I moved to Long Island, a bright future may have seemed more likely to the onlooker —  like I was getting closer to the possibility of greatness, but even as I daydreamed, there was a nagging longing for more. But how would I make it happen? Isn’t that the question everyone asks? If you think not, think again. By 11, children have already begun wondering what their purpose is. By 40, adults have begun wondering if they missed theirs. We’re all consumed with purpose. Your neighbors are. Your   are. You are. We may not recognize it, but it’s there —  in the words we speak, the decisions we make, even the friends we keep. Everything points back to purpose and our longing for it.  What are the odds that we will fulfill our purpose, though? The answer has everything to do with identity, being able to recognize who we truly are. Unfortunately, many never come to this revelation. As a result, they live beneath themselves. Even those seemingly on top of the world struggle with identity.   I am writing this book because I have a message to share, one that will help you understand that there’s more waiting —  for you. No matter how low you’ve fallen or how high you’ve climbed, you’re marked for more.  This isn’t one of those name it, claim it, blab it, grab it, sprinkle a little dust, and you can have it   books meant to pump you up with hot air. Those books do pump you up, right before dropping you —  on your head. This book doesn’t tell you that reaching the place you were meant to be is    easy. In fact, it tells you the opposite. Some of it is difficult, but all of it is doable. My experiences provide keys to unlock the doors to your destiny and introduce you to   principles. My book is called Push Your Way to Purpose for a reason. Let’s just say the title also has a purpose. “Push” is a verb. Verbs are action words. You have to become a verb to grasp what the book’s subtitle promises to teach you: How to Get from Where You Are to Where You’re Meant to Be.  Nobody wants to push anymore. We want everything to be easy. But easy doesn’t bring us to destiny. I don’t believe it was supposed to be as hard as we have made it, though. God created us with basic instructions: BE. But “but” got in the way. We “but”  our way out of “be,” making excuses for being everything other than our best, and we made messes along the way. Some messes look like successes, while other messes can’t hide. Some people are so far down they can’t even imagine up. But most of the people we encounter are just your ordinary,      people. They’re not at rock bottom, and they’re not soaring on the clouds. They’re average, working, normal people. They’re parents, teachers, students, friends. They’re community members you see in the supermarket. They run for elected office. They change diapers. They’re you. They’re me.   So we’re in this together. We each have a purpose, and we can discover it, then fulfill it. It will require effort, a willingness never to settle for less than who we are meant to be. It may also require swallowing our egos if we think we have it all together and embracing our potential if we think we have nothing together. Wherever we sit on that spectrum, let us get up, raise our expectations, believe for more, and push our way to purpose. It’s time. “Name her Adrienne because she’s going to be a schoolteacher. ” I’ve shared this story more times than I can count, and for good reason: by the time I’m done telling the story, it always garners the desired response. What is that story, and what is the response? That’s the purpose of this chapter. It’s a perfect place to start because it sets the stage for the focus of this book.  Everyone wants to be successful. Everyone wants to believe that she was, in fact, born to be successful, that the   adage is true for her life: “The sky is the limit. ” Some would bet the farm —  or the   —  on it. It sounds good, doesn’t it? But it’s not true, or at least it’s not necessarily true. Like most things, it must be made to be true. You have to grab it and make it true in your life. The sky very well may be the limit, but so may the floor. It all depends on the level of your reach, the things you’ve chosen to embrace, the relationships you have —  and have not —  fostered. All these and more figure into your limit. You may be one of those whose life seems to be without limits, or you may be one who seemingly cannot catch a break. It could go either way because while there are circumstances that are beyond our control and    sometimes just happens, very often, the thing that happens to us is us.  One thing influencing our level of success is what we hear. When I say “hear,” I mean “listen to. ” Many words bump into my ear in the course of a day, but I don’t feed off of them all. There’s a huge difference between what I hear well enough to repeat and what I listen to and choose to eat —  to digest. I decide. And it makes all the difference in the world. Adrienne Ross is an author, editor, columnist, speaker, and former teacher and coach. She owns Adrienne Ross Communications and speaks at schools, churches, political events, and national and international service organization conferences. Ross’s first book is #AuntAlma: Raisin’ a Little Hell Heaven on Earth.",0
5999,Art Cashin,"36447 Views November 13, 2016 BROADCAST King World News FOR DIRECTIONS ON HOW TO PLAY OR DOWNLOAD AUDIOS: CLICK HERE 
Art Cashin: Director of Floor Operations for UBS Financial Services & CNBC Market Commentator – UBS has over $650 billion under management. Art has over 50 years of Wall Street experience, which gives him the ability to offer valuable insights to investors and traders. When he started in the industry, the Dow Jones Industrial Average was actually in the 700-800 range. He shares his analysis and gives the pulse of the market from the floor of the New York Stock Exchange. Art is one of the most respected people in the world when it comes to analyzing the action in the US stock market and provides an objective and unbiased view of the current market situation. His daily market commentary is read internationally by clients and peers. Biography from cnbc.com Art Cashin, CNBC Commentator & Director of Floor Operations for UBS Financial Services Art Cashin is the Director of Floor Operations for UBS Financial Services and a regular markets commentator on CNBC. Each trading day from the floor of the New York Stock Exchange, he shares his analysis and pulse of the market with CNBC viewers. About author",0
6000,Oroville Dam Spillway Wide-Open as Heatwave May Cause Rapid Snowmelt - Breitbart,"Oroville Dam’s spillway was forced to reopen at maximum flow as over 50, 000 cubic feet per second of water careened into the lake and weather scientists warned of an impending 7 to   heatwave that could cause flooding from an accelerated snowmelt. [Water inflow at Lake Oroville on April 14 at 3 p. m. was a stunning 51, 378 cubic feet per second, up from 15, 000 cubic feet just 48 hours earlier. With the water level rising to 865. 84 feet, just 4. 14 feet from the danger zone, California Department of Water Resources engineers opened the dam’s gates and started continuously releasing water at down the   spillway at its top rate of 35, 069 cubic feet per second.  Breitbart News reported that the Northern Sierras on April 13 set an   record of 89. 7 inches of precipitation for the   water year. We warned that a new series of Northern California storms through the Easter holidays was expected to bring heavy rain and hail to the lower elevations, and up to 6 inches of new snow above   level. Breitbart News also reported that Eldridge M. Moores, California’s preeminent expert regarding tectonic plate movements in mountain belts, told KQED that the main reason Oroville Dam’s spillway failed and almost took down the dam itself was due to the structural flaw of using deteriorating incompetent rock   ago to anchor the spillway, rather than fresh rock granite that could have lasted up to a 1, 000 years. The California Department of Water Resources declared a very significant risk if repairs to the damaged spillways were not completed and both spillways   for the next rainy season that begins on November 1. The large construction crew that has been feverishly trying to repair the spillway, was removed just hours before it reopened. The National Oceanographic and Atmospheric Agency now forecasts that the strong heating pattern in of the equatorial Pacific Ocean will develop this summer into an El Niño, creating a high probability of a wet   water year that begins on November 1. In another dangerous development,  UCLA climate scientist and author of the Water West blog, Daniel Swain, posted images taken from space by the National Oceanographic and Atmospheric Administration’s Global Forecast Satellite System that has identified a high probability of a potential 7 to   heat wave bearing down on northern California. Swain warned that of a major snowmelt across the Sierras. He warned that a Hurricane   flood risk could develop along eastern slopes of Sierra Nevada Mountains over the coming weeks. He highlighted that that the melting snowpack on the Nevada side could send 500 billion gallons of water into the swollen Walker and Carson rivers.",0
6001,Police Clash with Pipeline Protesters,"Police Clash with Pipeline Protesters October 29, 2016 
The confluence of the twin issues of Native American respect for the land and modern environmentalists’ alarm over global warming has met in resistance to a North Dakota oil pipeline, observed Ann Wright. 
By Ann Wright 
It’s like we are back to the 1800s when the U.S. Army rampaged against Native American tribes across the American West. The militarized police and the use of the National Guard this week in responding to the Standing Rock Sioux Native American challenge in North Dakota to big oil and its dangerous pipelines reminds one of Custer’s Last Stand against Sitting Bull. 
In fact, the portrait of Sitting Bull is on one of the most popular t-shirts available to supporters of the “water protectors,” as those are known who protest yet one more oil pipeline that crosses sensitive watershed areas and major rivers of the United States. A graphic used by protesters resisting the Dakota Access pipeline. 
Four days last week, I joined hundreds of Native Americans and social justice campaigners from around the United States and around the world, in challenging the Dakota Access Pipe Line (DAPL), the 1,172-mile, $3.7 billion dollar scar across the face of North Dakota, South Dakota, Iowa and Illinois. 
Last week, I photographed the area along Highway 6 south of Bismarck where the Energy Transfer Partnership contractors were busy digging the trench for the “Black Snake” as the pipeline is called. 
I also counted 24 police cars returning to Bismarck at shift change around 3 p.m., a huge number of state law enforcement personnel and vehicles dedicated to protection of corporate business, instead of the rights of citizens. 
Huge machines were chewing up the earth near water sources for all of North Dakota. The pipeline was rerouted from near Bismarck so if the pipeline breaks it would not endanger the water supply of the capital city of the state. But it was relocated to where it will cross the Missouri River and will jeopardize the water supply of the Native Americans and all Americans living in southern North Dakota and downstream of the Missouri River. Security forces protecting the Dakota Access pipeline construction spray protesters with pepper spray. (Photo by Tim Yakaitis) 
On Thursday, the digging took a more confrontational turn. The huge digging equipment arrived to cut across State Highway 1806 at a spot where water protectors had set up a front-line camp several months ago, one mile north of the main encampment of over 1,000 people. As the equipment arrived, the “water protectors” blocked the highway. 
In a dangerous incident, an armed private security guard of DAPL came onto the camp and was chased off into the water abutting the camp by water protectors. After a lengthy standoff, tribal agency police arrived and arrested the security guard. Water protectors set his security vehicle on fire. 
On Friday more than 100 local and state police and North Dakota National Guard arrested over 140 people who blocked the highway attempting to stop the destruction of the land. Police in riot gear with automatic rifles lined up across a highway, with multiple MRAPs (mine-resistant ambush protected military vehicles), a sound cannon that can immobilize persons nearby, Humvees driven by National Guardsmen, an armored police truck and a bulldozer. 
Police used mace, pepper spray, tear gas and flash-bang grenades and bean-bag rounds against Native Americans who lined up on the highway. Police reportedly shot rubber bullets at their horses and wounded one rider and his horse. 
As this police mayhem was unfolding, a small herd of buffalo stampeded across a nearby field, a strong symbolic signal to the water protectors who erupted in cheers and shouts, leaving law enforcement officials wondering what was happening. The security forces protecting the Dakota Access pipeline against protesters are heavily militarized. (Photo by Tim Yakaitis) 

The legality of the use by the State of North Dakota of its National Guard for the protests has been questioned strongly. National Guardsmen have been operating checkpoints to control entrance into the area and later were reportedly used to go house to house to talk to citizens about the protests — clearly law enforcement functions, not responsibilities of a military organization. 
Supporters of the water protectors come from all over the United States. One grandmother arrived with cooking equipment and food, purchased with her social security check. Her granddaughter who helps her keep track of her finances, called her and said, “Granny, you have only $9 left in your bank account.” She responded, “Yes, and I going to use it today to buy more food to cook for these good people who are trying to save our water and our culture.” 
Ann Wright served 29 years in the US Army/Army Reserve and retired as a Colonel. She also was a U.S. diplomat for 16 years. She resigned in March 2003 in opposition to the Iraq war.",0
6002,Lawyer for Berkeley Republicans in Coulter Case Slams ACLU for Absence - Breitbart,"Attorney Harmeet Dhillon, who is representing the Berkeley College Republicans in their free speech case against the University of California, Berkeley over failing to allow Ann Coulter to speak on campus on equal terms, slammed the American Civil Liberties Union (ACLU) for ignoring the case. ”[“I don’t see the ACLU here in this room, which is unfortunate,” Dillon said, after listing several prominent Democrats who join her in opposing Berkeley’s efforts to restrict Coulter’s speech.  Asked whether there was “something special” about suing UC Berkeley, the home of the Free Speech Movement, Dillon answered: “I never thought I’d be on the same side of an issue as Willie Brown, Bernie Sanders, Bill Maher, Keith Ellison, and every other person who’s a lawyer. Now, there are some amateur lawyers, like Howard Dean, who looks up a case on the Internet and then thinks he’s a Supreme Court scholar  —   and, you know, some of our members of Congress who play lawyers on TV, apparently. But no, I think I don’t know any lawyers, serious lawyers practicing constitutional law, who think that this is appropriate. “And I have had dozens and dozens of emails and calls from lawyers who don’t know me, around the country. They all start with, ‘I don’t support what Ann Coulter says, but,” you know, or, ‘I hate what Donald Trump stands for, but you’re absolutely right on this, and this cannot stand.’ “And nor should it stand if it were happening on a conservative college campus and it were liberal students whose views were being marginalized. ” She noted that her passion for free speech issues was born when she was a student at Dartmouth, when some students were expelled for criticizing a music professor in print. “Who represented us in the hinterlands of New Hampshire? The American Civil Liberties Union came in to represent my colleagues on the Dartmouth Review. ” She remarked, in that context, that the ACLU’s absence at Berkeley was noteworthy. As Breitbart News noted last month, Dhillon once served on the board of the San Francisco Bay Area chapter of the ACLU. She is a noted Trump supporter, and serves as the vice chair of the California Republican Party. She is reportedly under consideration to be named to lead the Civil Rights Division of the U. S. Department of Justice. Dhillon is also representing Trump supporters who were attacked by   rioters outside a Trump rally in their lawsuit against the city of San Jose for failing to protect them from the mob. Critics say the ACLU has been drifting in a left direction for many years, often abandoning its absolute adherence to basic civil liberties in favor of a   redistributionist, and   concept of rights. Joel B. Pollak is Senior    at Breitbart News. He was named one of the “most influential” people in news media in 2016. He is the   of How Trump Won: The Inside Story of a Revolution, is available from Regnery. Follow him on Twitter at @joelpollak.",0
6003,"Russia Refuses To Let In Muslim ‘Refugees’, Says Middle East Needs To Solve Its Own Problems!","Russia refuses to join any scheme to help Syrian refugees and blames Western powers for Europe’s migration crisis. A trickle of migrants have entered Russia – but the country has granted asylum to only two Syrians so far this year. 
Via UsualRoutine 

Nonetheless, Russia blamed the West for Syria’s bloodshed and for the outflow of refugees. “We expect that for the most part that expenditures [for dealing with refugees] will fall on the countries linked to causing the catastrophic situation,” said Dmitry Peskov, the Kremlin spokesman, according to Interfax news agency. Asked whether Russia would join any program to help refugees, Mr Peskov replied: “It’s hardly likely.”
Scroll Down For Video Below! He confirmed that some refugees from the Middle East had tried to cross Russian territory with the aim of reaching the European Union by crossing the border into Norway. Mr.Peskov warned that terrorists from the Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant(Isil) could infiltrate groups of migrants, posing a possible security threat.
The Kremlin has recently provided Mr.Assad with more military support by sending a contingent of Russian troops to Syria. Their role appears to be to protect the Russian naval facility at Tartous, on Syria’s Mediterranean coast, and provide training and expertise for the regime’s forces, which are responsible for the great majority of civilian deaths in the conflict. “The threat coming from Islamic State is evident,” said Mr.Peskov. “The only force capable of resisting it is the Syrian armed forces.”
Last week, President Vladimir Putin said that Europe’s migration crisis was “completely predictable”, adding: “These are the policies of our American partners. Europe blindly follows within the framework of its so-called duties as an ally – and then must bear the burden.”
",0
6004,Judge Blocks Aetna’s $37 Billion Deal for Humana - The New York Times,"A federal judge ruled on Monday that a $37 billion merger between the health insurance giants Aetna and Humana should not be allowed to go through on antitrust grounds, siding with the Justice Department, which had been seeking to block the deal. The deal is one of two   proposed by the nation’s largest health insurers both were challenged by the Obama administration. Another federal judge is expected to rule soon on the case involving Anthem and Cigna, the larger of the two deals, at $48 billion. Citing the sweeping changes to the industry caused by the Affordable Care Act, insurers had embarked on a frenzy of deal making a year and a half ago. The proposed combinations promised to reshape the industry by shrinking the number of the largest insurers to three, from five the largest, UnitedHealth Group, remained independent. Today, the industry finds itself in arguably an even greater state of flux, with President Trump and the   Congress having vowed to repeal the Affordable Care Act and replace it with something else, the details of which are unknown. Monday’s decision adds to the uncertainty facing the industry. While the judge found that a merger of Aetna and Humana would not be in the interest of its consumers, companies are likely to remain interested in future combinations. Insurers view mergers as a way to gain greater clout in negotiations with hospitals and doctors. An Aetna spokesman said the company was reviewing the opinion and “is giving serious consideration to an appeal. ” Humana did not respond to an email seeking comment. If the deal falls apart, Aetna would have to pay Humana $1 billion, according to the terms of the merger agreement. The   combination was largely focused around the private market for Medicare Advantage plans, a   area in the industry in which companies offer private insurance as an alternative to the federal government’s traditional Medicare program. Humana, while smaller than its rivals, has a strong position in the Medicare Advantage market and was viewed as an attractive acquisition. But the deal came under sharp criticism from consumer advocates and government officials who argued that the private market was already concentrated: Individuals would suffer from a lack of choice and competition in certain markets. UnitedHealth, Humana and Aetna were the three largest players in the Medicare Advantage market, according to an analysis by the Kaiser Family Foundation last year. In his ruling, the judge, John D. Bates of the United States District Court for the District of Columbia, said the court “mostly agrees” with the Justice Department’s argument that the deal would lessen competition for Medicare Advantage plans as well as individual health insurance sold in state marketplaces. Judge Bates rejected the companies’ rebuttal, saying that government regulation would be unable to prevent the combined entity from “raising prices or reducing benefits. ” He said that neither new competitors nor divestitures would be enough to address the concentration that would result from the merger. The insurers had argued that the merger would allow them to become more efficient, passing those savings on to consumers. But the judge said he did not think the merger would benefit people buying policies, especially in those markets where the combination of the companies would have a large share of the business. “The court is unpersuaded that the efficiencies generated by the merger will be sufficient to mitigate the anticompetitive effects for consumers in the challenged markets,” he wrote. Over the last few years, the Obama administration became more aggressive in blocking deals, especially in health care. The government has blocked mergers among large hospital systems and contributed to dismantling the $152 billion deal between Pfizer and Allergan. Monday’s ruling came six months after the Justice Department sued to block both the Aetna and the Cigna deals. Both were seen as unlikely to succeed, although the merger between Cigna and Anthem was seen as even less likely to be approved because those two companies have more overlap nationally and have been unable to present a unified front. Judge Amy Berman Jackson, also of the United States District Court for the District of Columbia, has yet to issue a ruling on that combination, although antitrust lawyers said they did not believe Monday’s decision would affect her decision. “The facts are very different,” said Andrea Murino, a partner and   of the antitrust and competition law practice at Goodwin. While Judge Jackson is likely to look at her fellow judge’s opinion, “she probably made up her mind long ago,” Ms. Murino said. The Justice Department, which has not yet had new leadership installed under President Trump, issued a statement applauding the decision. “This merger would have stifled competition and led to higher prices and   health insurance,” said Brent C. Snyder, a deputy assistant attorney general in charge of the department’s antitrust division. “Aetna attempted to buy a formidable rival, Humana, instead of competing independently to win customers. ” Analysts played down the ability of Aetna to prevail in any appeal of the decision, and Ms. Murino described any challenge to Judge Bate’s decision as “an uphill battle. ” But Matthew L. Cantor, a partner at Constantine Cannon, said Aetna was most likely trying to buy time in making an appeal to see if the Trump administration might be more amenable to some sort of combination. “I wouldn’t be surprised if those kinds of discussions are happening,” he said. Even if both mergers are successfully blocked, analysts predicted there would be continued consolidation as insurers tried other combinations that could make it past the Justice Department and state antitrust officials. Humana’s Medicare Advantage business is particularly attractive in the current environment, Ana Gupte, an analyst with Leerink Partners, told investors. She mentioned both Cigna and Anthem, which may be looking for merger partners if their deal is blocked, as potentially interested in pursuing Humana. Antitrust experts echoed the idea that the companies, even if they are unsuccessful in their current attempts to merge, would not stop trying. “I don’t think this rules out further consolidation in insurance markets,” Mr. Cantor, of Constantine Cannon, said. Shares of Aetna closed down about 2. 8 percent while Humana’s shares closed up 2. 2 percent. Cigna’s and Anthem’s shares were little changed.",0
6005,Donald Trump Rode to Power in the Role of the Common Man - The New York Times,"Donald John Trump defied the skeptics who said he would never run, and the political veterans who scoffed at his slapdash campaign. He attacked the norms of American politics, singling out groups for derision on the basis of race and religion and attacking the legitimacy of the political process. He ignored conventions of common decency, employing casual vulgarity and raining personal humiliation on his political opponents and critics in the media. And in the ultimate act of defiance, Mr. Trump emerged victorious, summoning a tidal wave of support from less educated whites displaced by changes in the economy and deeply resistant to the country’s shifting cultural and racial tones. In his triumph, Mr. Trump has delivered perhaps the greatest shock to the American political system in modern times and opened the door to an era of extraordinary political uncertainty at home and around the globe. The slashing, freewheeling campaign that took him to the doorstep of the White House replicated a familiar pattern from Mr. Trump’s life, but on an Olympian scale. The son of a wealthy real estate developer in Queens, Mr. Trump, 70, spent decades pursuing social acceptance in upscale Manhattan and seeking, at times desperately, to persuade the wider world to see him as a great man of affairs. But Mr. Trump was often met with scoffing disdain by wealthy elites and mainstream civic leaders, culminating in a mortifying roast by President Obama at the White House Correspondents Dinner in 2011. So Mr. Trump fashioned himself instead as a proudly garish champion of the common man  —   a person of unsophisticated tastes but distinctive popular appeal  —   and acted the part in extravagant fashion, first in the New York tabloids and then on national television. He became a pundit of sorts, fulminating against crime in New York City and international trade and Mr. Obama’s legitimacy as president, often in racially incendiary terms. His candidacy unfolded in much the same way: as the rampage of an aggrieved outsider, aligned more with the cultural sensibilities of   whites than with his peers in society. On the first day of his run  —   June 16, 2015  —   Mr. Trump drew a direct parallel between his determined quest for success in New York and his entry into the political arena. Addressing a crowd made up largely of reporters in the atrium of Trump Tower, Mr. Trump noted that political seers had predicted, “He’ll never run. ” Seconds later, he mused that his father, Fred Trump, had urged him never to compete in “the big leagues” of Manhattan. “‘We don’t know anything about that. Don’t do it,’” Mr. Trump quoted his father as saying. “I said, ‘I’ve got to go into Manhattan. I’ve got to build those big buildings. I’ve got to do it, Dad. I’ve got to do it. ’” Powered by that same grasping ambition, Mr. Trump’s candidacy was marked by countless missteps and grievous errors, from the crude and meandering speeches he delivered daily, to the allegations of sexual assault that appeared to cripple him in the final weeks of the race. No other presidential candidate in memory has given offense so freely and been so battered by scandal, and lived to fight on and win. Amid all his innumerable blunders, however, Mr. Trump got one or two things right that mattered more than all the rest. On a visceral level, he grasped dynamics that the political leadership of both parties missed or ignored  —   most of all, the raw frustration of   and   white voters who rallied to his candidacy with decisive force. Mr. Trump rallied them less with policy promises than with   pronouncements  —   against foreign trade, foreign wars and foreign workers. He left his Republican primary opponents agog at his dismissals of mainstream policy, and exposed a yawning breach between the program of tax cuts and fiscal austerity favored by traditional conservatives, and the preoccupations of the party’s rank and file. Ridiculed by critics on the right and left, shunned by the most respected figures in American politics, including every living former president, Mr. Trump equated his own outcast status with the resentments of the white class. Even the invective and incivility that appalled the traditional guardians of political discourse seemed only to forge a tighter bond between Mr. Trump and his inflamed following. He dismissed American social norms as mere “political correctness,” mocking the physical appearance of an opponent’s wife, savaging Hillary Clinton’s marriage and wielding stereotypes of racial minorities  —   all to the applause of his base. In sum, Mr. Trump offered himself to the country as a tribune of white populist rage, and pledged at the Republican National Convention in Cleveland to defend “the   factory workers and the communities crushed by our horrible and unfair trade deals. ” “These are the forgotten men and women of our country,” Mr. Trump said. “People who work hard but no longer have a voice. ” He pledged: “I am your voice. ” The message resonated especially in the Midwest, where a stunning victory in Ohio helped give Mr. Trump the Electoral College votes he needed to win. But his ultimate triumph was driven less by region than by race and class. His winning coalition consisted of restive whites and scarcely anyone else. Mr. Trump’s winding path to the presidency began 10 miles east of the spot where he would build Trump Tower, in the wealthy Queens enclave of Jamaica Estates, where his father’s   real estate empire granted Mr. Trump an easy entry into the world of construction and development. He showed little interest in politics as a young man, obtaining deferments to avoid fighting in the Vietnam War but declining to participate in the protest movements of that era. He found his way into the political arena by way of his commercial interests and social aspirations: Under the tutelage of Roy Cohn, the legendary and infamous former adviser to Senator Joseph McCarthy of Wisconsin, Mr. Trump made himself a presence at   events and political conventions. As early as the 1980s, he insinuated himself into the company of leaders in both parties, giving money to Ronald Reagan as readily as to Mario M. Cuomo, the liberal governor of New York. But while Mr. Trump earned headlines at that stage mainly for his romantic escapades and business failures  —   a lurid divorce from his first wife, Ivana, and a series of corporate bankruptcies  —   even then he gave hints of loftier political goals. In the   to the 1988 presidential campaign, he traveled to New Hampshire to give a speech warning of foreign threats to American economic power. The next year, Mr. Trump stirred fierce controversy in New York by calling loudly for the institution of the death penalty, in the aftermath of a brutal assault and rape in Central Park, though the five young men charged with the crime were later exonerated. Still, even as he began to campaign in the early presidential primary states, blasting Mexican migrants in acid language and demanding a shutdown of Muslim immigration into the United States, Mr. Trump never entirely shed his image as a boastful but ultimately benign showman. Republicans of august political lineage, like Jeb Bush, derided him as “an entertainer,” and trusted, in the face of mounting evidence to the contrary, that voters would discard him as such in the end. Democrats, too, who viewed Mr. Trump as plainly unelectable from the start, acknowledged at times that they might have been wrong to sneer at him early on. Hillary Clinton, appearing on NBC’s “Late Night With Seth Meyers” last winter, noted that Mr. Trump had initially provoked “hysterical laughter,” before his call for a crackdown on Muslims. “I no longer think he’s funny,” Mrs. Clinton said.",0
6006,Pick a Peacemaker    : House -," Pick a Peacemaker By Suzy Kassem November 08, 2016 "" Information Clearing House "" - To vastly improve your country and truly make it great again, start by choosing a better leader. Do not let the media or the establishment make you pick from the people they choose, but instead choose from those they do not pick. Pick a leader from among the people who is heart-driven, one who identifies with the common man on the street and understands what the country needs on every level. Do not pick a leader who is only money-driven and does not understand or identify with the common man, but only what corporations need on every level.
Pick a peacemaker. One who unites, not divides. A cultured leader who supports the arts and true freedom of speech, not censorship. Pick a leader who will not only bail out banks and airlines, but also families from losing their homes -- or jobs due to their companies moving to other countries. Pick a leader who will fund schools, not limit spending on education and allow libraries to close. Pick a leader who chooses diplomacy over war. An honest broker in foreign relations. A leader with integrity, one who says what they mean, keeps their word and does not lie to their people. Pick a leader who is strong and confident, yet humble. Intelligent, but not sly. A leader who encourages diversity, not racism. One who understands the needs of the farmer, the teacher, the doctor, and the environmentalist -- not only the banker, the oil tycoon, the weapons developer, or the insurance and pharmaceutical lobbyist.
Pick a leader who will keep jobs in your country by offering companies incentives to hire only within their borders, not one who allows corporations to outsource jobs for cheaper labor when there is a national employment crisis. Choose a leader who will invest in building bridges, not walls. Books, not weapons. Morality, not corruption. Intellectualism and wisdom, not ignorance. Stability, not fear and terror. Peace, not chaos. Love, not hate. Convergence, not segregation. Tolerance, not discrimination. Fairness, not hypocrisy. Substance, not superficiality. Character, not immaturity. Transparency, not secrecy. Justice, not lawlessness. Environmental improvement and preservation, not destruction. Truth, not lies.
Most importantly, a great leader must serve the best interests of the people first, not those of multinational corporations. Human life should never be sacrificed for monetary profit. There are no exceptions. In addition, a leader should always be open to criticism, not silencing dissent. Any leader who does not tolerate criticism from the public is afraid of their dirty hands to be revealed under heavy light. And such a leader is dangerous, because they only feel secure in the darkness. Only a leader who is free from corruption welcomes scrutiny; for scrutiny allows a good leader to be an even greater leader.
And lastly, pick a leader who will make their citizens proud. One who will stir the hearts of the people, so that the sons and daughters of a given nation strive to emulate their leader's greatness. Only then will a nation be truly great, when a leader inspires and produces citizens worthy of becoming future leaders, honorable decision makers and peacemakers. And in these times, a great leader must be extremely brave. Their leadership must be steered only by their conscience, not a bribe.
- Suzy Kassem, Rise Up and Salute the Sun: The Writings of Suzy Kassem",0
6007,"‘The Boss Baby’ Bests ‘Beast,’ Barely, as Box Office No. 1 - The New York Times","LOS ANGELES  —   Show business rule of thumb: Never underestimate a   tot. Going into the weekend, most box office analysts predicted that “Beauty and the Beast” would easily remain the No. 1 movie in North America. One challenger, “The Boss Baby,” had received negative reviews. (The Los Angeles Times deemed it a “rancid diaper. ”) Another new arrival, “Ghost in the Shell,” had been written off as a contender after becoming embroiled in a “whitewashing” casting controversy. But “The Boss Baby”  —   in the tradition of “Look Who’s Talking,” Stewie from “Family Guy” and the   Baby Herman from “Who Framed Roger Rabbit”  —   proved enormously popular, pushing past Belle of “Beauty and the Beast” to take in roughly $49 million. Theaters far from the coasts (Indianapolis, Denver) saw especially strong turnout, according to the film’s distributor, 20th Century Fox. Produced by DreamWorks Animation, “The Boss Baby” cost at least $200 million to make and market. It has taken in an additional $59 million overseas. Alec Baldwin, riding a wave of popularity for his “Saturday Night Live” portrayal of President Trump, gave voice to the baby. “Beauty and the Beast” (Disney) had $47. 5 million in ticket sales, for a   domestic total of $395 million and a global one of $876 million, according to comScore, which compiles box office data. Fizzling in third place was “Ghost in the Shell,” a   version of a  Japanese manga by Shirow Masamune. It collected about $19 million  —   not nearly enough given production and marketing costs of at least $150 million. “Ghost in the Shell” (DreamWorks Pictures and Paramount Pictures) was also weak overseas, where it took in about $40 million. Casting Scarlett Johansson in a role originally played by an Asian actor was one misstep. The marketing may have been another Paramount’s campaign was visually arresting but failed to broaden the film’s appeal beyond older male   fans. And the film was in many ways a mishmash, leading to weak reviews and word of mouth, as evidenced by CinemaScore exit polls.",0
6008,Trump Administration: Islamic State Defeat Remains Primary Focus in Syria - Breitbart,"Defeating the Islamic State ( ) remains the United States’ primary goal in Syria, not toppling the country’s dictator Bashar   according to   officials in President Donald Trump’s administration. [Trump’s United Nations Ambassador Nikki Haley suggested that U. S.  regime change in Syria is likely.  “Regime change is something that we think is going to happen, because all of the parties are going to see that Assad’s not the leader that needs to be taking place for Syria,” Haley told CNN. Some analysts and American lawmakers accused the Trump administration of sending mixed messages on its Syria policy, noting that while Haley indicated that getting rid of Assad is the administration’s priority, U. S. Secretary of State Rex Tillerson maintained that the U. S. is focused on defeating ISIS. In separate interviews on Sunday, Tillerson and Trump’s national security adviser H. R. McMaster noted that the administration’s decision to bomb Assad last week is not a sign that America has shifted its primary focus from defeating ISIS to pushing the Syrian dictator from power. “Our priority is first the defeat of ISIS,” Tillerson told George Stephanopoulos, host of ABC News’s This Week on Sunday. “Once we can eliminate the battle against ISIS, conclude that —  and it is going quite well —  then we hope to turn our attention to   agreements between the regime and opposition forces. ” Lt. Gen. McMaster agreed that defeating ISIS must come “first,” adding, “Then also, it has to be a significant change in the nature of the Assad regime and its behavior in particular. ” Asked about the alleged “mixed signals” on Trump’s Syria policy sent by Haley and the Tillerson, Lt. Gen. McMaster also told “Fox News Sunday” host, Chris Wallace: Both Secretary Tillerson and Ambassador Haley are right about this. What we really need to do, and what everyone who’s involved in this conflict needs to do is to do everything they can to resolve this civil war, to halt this humanitarian catastrophe, this political catastrophe, not only in Syria, but the catastrophe is affecting the greater Middle East, it’s affecting Europe and it’s a threat to the American people as well. And so, to do that, what’s required is some kind of a political solution to that very complex problem  …     we are not saying that we are the ones who are going to affect that change. Last week, President Trump ordered the U. S. military to strike an Assad base in northwestern Syria believed to have been housing the pilots who carried out a chemical weapons attack last Tuesday that killed as many as 100 people, including at least 27 children. Citing a senior U. S. official who spoke on condition of anonymity, the Associated Press (AP) reports that Russia knew of last week’s chemical weapons assault in advance. “Russia’s got to tell us which one it is. Either they knew that there were chemical weapons and they knew there was going to be   use and they just hid it from the international community, or they’re being played for fools by Assad by him having chemical weapons and they’re just in the dark and they don’t know anything about it,” declared Haley. Support from Iran and Russia has kept Assad in power.   fighters, including members of the terrorist group Hezbollah, and Russian military forces are fighting alongside Assad troops.",0
6009,Why are celebs staying silent about politics? Esquire editor answers own question by naming and shaming,"Why are celebs staying silent about politics? Esquire editor answers own question by naming and shaming Posted at 7:53 pm on October 26, 2016 by Brett T. Share on Facebook Share on Twitter 
As Twitchy reported, cameras were out in force on campus last weekend to capture some door-to-door vote canvassing by young celebrities like nasty woman Katy Perry, 32, and Miley Cyrus. 
It’s no surprise both were trying to coax millennials to vote for Hillary Clinton. But what about Taylor Swift, asked no one? Hang on one second; someone did ask. In a piece published by Esquire Wednesday, editor Matt Miller asks , “Why are influential celebrities remaining silent this election?” Taylor Swift has 156,147,879 social media followers. Why is she remaining politically silent? https://t.co/SRqu5kNo1r 
— John Hendrickson (@JohnGHendy) October 26, 2016 
Why do these select entertainers get to keep their political opinions to themselves? “Maybe these artists are protecting their brand?” Miller posits, adding, “Fuck that! If their brand means to sacrifice the very values that make them human and a contributing member of this society, then they live a sad, hollow life.” 
Before making some remark about Taylor Swift being a singer and not a politician, consider this: Taylor Swift is not a private citizen. Her opinion matters to more people than Paul Ryan's opinion ever will. 
— John Hendrickson (@JohnGHendy) October 26, 2016 
Someone’s living a sad, hollow life. Though Miller wrote the piece, Esquire deputy editor John Hendrickson took most of the heat for it after publicizing the article by tweeting quotes from it. @JohnGHendy @esquire Because she's a pop star and not a political pundit? What do I win? 
— Randy Wortinger (@randicus79) October 26, 2016 Maybe because she wants to sell music to both sides, you simpleton. @JohnGHendy @esquire 
— Yes, Nick $earcy! (@yesnicksearcy) October 26, 2016 @JohnGHendy @esquire Because this is one of the most divisive elections of all time and she doesn't want to alienate 1/2 of her audience.",0
6010,EXCLUSIVE - Benghazi Hero Kris Paronto: Susan Rice ’Needs to Be in Jail’ to Show Politicians ’They Are No Longer Untouchable’,"WASHINGTON, D. C.  —   Former U. S. Army Ranger and Benghazi survivor Kris “Tanto” Paronto told Breitbart News that he believes former President Barack Obama National Security adviser Susan Rice “needs to be in jail” for her decision to willfully unmask the identities of United States citizens connected to President Donald Trump’s transition team. [Paronto added, “The Trump administration has been given the perfect opportunity to set an example, or make an example, out of the type of politician that she is and show these other politicians that they are no longer untouchable. ”  “I thought Hillary Clinton was bad,” Paronto said. “This woman [Susan Rice] surpasses her as far as her evilness and willingness to subvert America with this administration and to continually lie. ” He added, “This woman broke the law. She put lives in danger. She put officers in danger. She put American citizens in danger by doing that. She has no value for human life unless it benefits her politics or benefits her friendship with the crooked administration that was in power for the previous eight years. That woman, at the very least, needs to be in jail. She has no value of human life. ” Instead, Paronto suggested Rice lied to protect Obama and questioned her allegiance to the United States. “There is no gray area she lied. And she’s still protecting her mentor, Obama, from that administration. Her allegiance lies, for some reason misguidedly with them, not with the United States of America. ” Paronto also criticized Rice for saying that Bowe Bergdahl served with honor and distinction. “I didn’t know a traitor could serve with honorable distinction and then get six of his fellow soldiers killed trying to find him. The woman has no integrity. She should have no credibility. And honestly, in my opinion, she should be in prison for unmasking and putting American citizens in danger. ” While Trump critics and former officials on Obama’s National Security Council did not dispute the report, they argued that Rice did nothing “illegal” in unmasking the identities of those Americans. Conversely, Trump administration officials have not stated that the unmasking was “illegal” but that leaking the identities of the individuals unmasked was. He said he hopes President Trump and Attorney General Jeff Sessions will go after Rice but said, “I don’t think justice will take place because I haven’t seen it yet. “Justice could have taken place with Hillary Clinton because she did violate national security she did lie. Justice could have taken place” when it was discovered that interim DNC Chairwoman Donna Brazile gave Clinton’s camp questions before a town hall debate while she was a contributor to CNN. He added, “Justice could happen with Susan Rice and her lying on national TV continually about a video causing Benghazi when it didn’t. ” Rice said it was a YouTube video, not   Barack Obama’s foreign policy, that prompted the Benghazi attack that left Ambassador J. Christopher Stevens and three others dead. It was not. Paronto was among four surviving warriors who defended more than 30 American personnel in two American facilities in Benghazi on September 11, 2012. The attacks were carried out by the Islamic militant group Ansar  . In addition to Ambassador Stevens, former Navy SEALs Tyrone Woods and Glen Doherty and State Department IT specialist Sean Smith were also killed. “The Trump administration has been given the perfect opportunity to set an example, or make an example, out of the type of politician that she [Susan Rice] is and show these other politicians that they are no longer untouchable. ” He said Rice’s decision to unlawfully unmask the identities of American citizens for “political gain” was a “gift” to President Trump “to set an example. This will influence future politicians from not telling the truth. ” Paronto said that when news first broke of the unmasking, he thought, “She’s going to be hailed a hero by CNN, by MSNBC, by the Washington Post because of what she did. ” He added, “But what she did is not heroic: it’s criminal and unpatriotic. It completely lacks any integrity. ” Paronto said, “I guarantee you, in the next week as things start to fall on Susan Rice, they’re going to come to her rescue and label her a hero because they have such a   bias that they cannot see the truth, even if it smacks them across the face. ” Asked where he was on the Sunday that Rice suggested it was the YouTube video “Innocence of Muslims” that prompted the deadly Benghazi attack, Paronto said he was in Germany. “I had just woken up and I turned the TV on. I was tired. When I saw the news, I just kind of went, ‘What the hell?’ I called Jack Silva and I said, ‘Hey, turn the TV on. Did you guys talk to anybody? Has anybody said anything to anybody? ’” Paronto said the next thought he had was of how corrupt the Obama administration was and said, “Well, that’s par for the course. And then I went back to bed. They could have thought of a better excuse than that. They could have thought of a better lie. ” He said while he was angry, he did not dwell on it because he was “expecting it” from the Obama administration. “They don’t want people to know the truth. They just want to continue to lie to maintain power. Something needs to happen, publicly, to an elected official. Leading a public official out in handcuffs would shake things up. ” Rep. Adam Schiff ( ) had also suggested there were inconsistencies in what Paronto said regarding a “stand down” order from a CIA officer. Schiff suggested Paronto was dishonest. Asked to react, Paronto said, “He says he didn’t call me a liar. We talked, and he said we were just getting conflicting information. ” Paronto then noted, “Susan Rice was telling  . Well,   to me are lies. And Rep. Adam Schiff from Washington went on Hannity to debate us. ” Schiff was was invited but he did not come on to the show. However, Paronto said his issue with Schiff, whose father was also a veteran, is something else. “I have problems with Adam Schiff because when I look in his eyes, I really think he is a good man. But politics has corrupted him so much that I don’t think he knows the truth anymore. ” “He’s letting politics dictate his ideology, and he’s wrong,” Paronto said. “He can’t challenge his paradigm. He can’t challenge that his Democratic beliefs are so wrong. He just can’t accept it. ” Kris Paronto currently serves as the Chairman of Leading from the Front, which is part of a   organization, the American Legacy Center. Follow Adelle Nazarian on Facebook and Twitter.",0
6011,WikiLeaks Initiates Phase 3: The Dump That Will Take Hillary Down,"WikiLeaks Initiates Phase 3: The Dump That Will Take Hillary Down   Dawn Parabellum   Corrupt democrat, Hillary Clinton 
WikiLeaks is putting Hillary Clinton and the corrupt Democrats who surround her on notice. With a warning sounded last night about the initiation of “phase 3” from the website, which has been leaking devastating emails about Hillary’s insiders, the “election dump” promises to be the one that brings her to her knees. 
Wikileaks announced on Twitter that it would soon launch “phase three of [its] election coverage.” The tweet also asked those who wish to see more dumps to donate to the site to assist with their funding. The tweet read, “We commence phase 3 of our US election coverage next week.” We commence phase 3 of our US election coverage next week. You can contribute: https://t.co/MsNZhrTzTL @WLTaskForce pic.twitter.com/XferJnMGux 
— WikiLeaks (@wikileaks) October 30, 2016 
This dump is supposed to be even more damaging to the already flailing political career of Hillary Clinton. Wikileaks supporters now include a number of disgruntled Republican voters and Bernie Sanders supporters. 
Immediately after the site announced this dump, several WikiLeaks followers replied with tweets expressing hope that phase three would ultimately damage Democratic presidential nominee Hillary Clinton ‘s campaign for good. However, some expressed concern that it could be too little, too late. @wikileaks @WLTaskForce by next week, I assume you mean tomorrow, and not 3 days before the election. Near 30%+ in some states already voted 
— Mel (@melimel521) October 30, 2016 
New archives of emails released to the public would definitely devastate the Clinton campaign even further, and after the FBI’s announcement that they will reopen the investigation against Hillary, it could be the straw which breaks the camel’s back. 
So far, no amount of corruption or criminal activity has gotten devout Democrat voters to see Hillary for who she is: a power hungry sociopath. She has been caught rigging elections across the globe and cheating to get the Democrat nomination. It’s even been proven, thanks to WikiLeaks, that she cheated during the debates against Donald Trump . 
There is some speculation that the emails released this time won’t all be Hillary Clinton related, eluding to the possibility of even more Democrats and their corruption being exposed. Hillary Clinton’s rigged podium helped her cheat during the debates with Donald Trump 
Hackers who have taken responsibility for the hacks of John Podesta’s emails may have more up their sleeves. Guccifer 2.0, who claims to be a lone Romanian male, was also involved in the hack on the Democratic Congressional Campaign Committee. 
Hopefully, these leaks will finally get Democrat voters to realize who they have been bowing down to over the past few years. Accessing the leaked emails is not difficult, in fact, I personally check the new dumps daily. If Democrats cared half as much about honesty and integrity as they did about making sure we have the first female president, Hillary would already be no more than a stain on American history.",0
6012,"Your Evening Briefing: Bernie Sanders, Donald Trump, Boko Haram - The New York Times","(Want to get this briefing by email? Here’s the  .) Good evening. Here’s the latest. 1. The Democratic presidential race grew more bruising for the party itself. Bernie Sanders’s campaign manager accused a top Democratic official of working against the candidate “for personal reasons. ” Some of his supporters threatened to back Donald Trump if Hillary Clinton becomes the Democratic nominee. Mr. Trump piled on, gleefully tweeting that Mr. Sanders was being “treated very badly,” and adding, “The system is rigged against him. ” ____ 2. Mr. Trump tried to address concerns within the Republican Party that he is not a conservative, releasing a list of 11 potential Supreme Court nominees that included several who are favorites of conservative legal scholars. One of our   stories today offers a detailed look at five crucial weeks of Mr. Trump’s campaign, during which he transitioned from a seemingly unelectable candidate to the de facto Republican nominee. ____ 3. The president of the International Olympic Committee, Thomas Bach, denounced the “shocking new dimension of doping. ” He said Russian sports federations could be barred from the Rio Olympics if allegations of   doping prove true. “We will apply our zero tolerance policy, not only with regard to the athletes but also with regard to everybody implicated and within our reach,” he said. ____ 4. The Labor Department issued a new regulation that will enable millions more workers to make overtime. As of Dec. 1, most salaried workers who earn up to $47, 476 annually will get time and a half for any labor over 40 hours a week. That will include a far wider range of work than before. The previous cutoff, set in 2004, was $23, 660. ____ 5. Robin Wright became the latest actress to openly address pay disparities in the entertainment industry. She said she had taken a hard line with the producers of the Netflix series “House of Cards” after she learned that her character was as popular as that of her     Kevin Spacey. “You better pay me or I’m going to go public,” she said she told them, adding, “And they did. ” ____ 6. The Asian monsoon season, primed by the El Niño phenomenon, opened with a disaster in Sri Lanka. Torrential rains set off landslides and flash floods that displaced hundreds of thousands of people. A death toll in the dozens is expected to rise. ____ 7. A Nigerian schoolgirl who was taken in a mass kidnapping by Boko Haram more than two years ago was found and returned to her town, Chibok. Now the mother of a    she is the first girl to be recovered since the early days of the episode. “She was so happy to see her people,” a Chibok resident said. “People were so happy, so happy that, yes, there is hope these girls are alive. ____ 8. New Jersey closed one of its most notorious cold cases, convicting this woman of murder 25 years after her    son disappeared. A bit of blue blanket found with his remains was the key. Investigators recently went back and found three people who could testify that the blanket was from the boy’s home, allowing prosecutors to draw the damning connection. ____ 9. Paul Simon went back on tour, promoting his “Stranger to Stranger” album, which goes on sale June 3. Our critic says the    artist is making some of the strangest, most intriguing music of his career. Songs “crack jokes and ponder questions about love, death, spirituality, baseball, economic inequality, brain chemistry and music itself. ” ____ 10. Finally, good news. Despite reports to the contrary in China’s media, this    panda is just fine. The Taipei Zoo posted its proof  —   the bear with current newspapers  —   on Facebook. “Tuan Tuan says: What more do you need?” the zoo’s caption reads. “Please don’t believe online rumors. Friends who care about Tuan Tuan don’t need to worry. ” ____ Your Evening Briefing is posted at 6 p. m. Eastern. And don’t miss Your Morning Briefing, posted weekdays at 6 a. m. Eastern, and Your Weekend Briefing, posted at 6 a. m. Sundays. Want to look back? Here’s last night’s briefing. What did you like? What do you want to see here? Let us know at briefing@nytimes. com.",0
6013,"Schumer: Trump’s Order ’Will Make Us Less Safe,’ ’Encourage Lone Wolves’ in America - Breitbart","Monday on NBC’s “Today,” while discussing President Donald Trump’s executive order that halted immigration from seven   countries into the United States, Senate Minority Leader Chuck Schumer ( ) declared the act would “make us less safe” and that it would “encourage lone wolves in America. ”  Schumer said, “First, it was done in such a sloppy and care less way. Major agencies, the  Border Patrol, Customs didn’t know about it. There were major holes in how it was done. It almost seems like a back of the envelope. So even for those who might be for this, I’m certainly opposed, the slap dash way it was done was appalling and created the chaos. More importantly this will make us less safe. John McCain is exactly right. It will encourage lone wolves in America, they have created most of the terrorism. The biggest problems we’ve had with terrorism are not from these countries. In fact, there is something called the Visa waiver program which allows people from France or Belgium, places where there are known terrorists to come in no questions asked. I don’t even get what they were getting at because they are not stopping terror, they are instead doing what in effect as Rudy Giuliani said a Muslim ban. That is against what America is all about. ” He added, “This evening I will ask for a vote on the floor of the senate to repeal this. Senator Feinstein has carefully thought out legislation to repeal this. I hope Mitch McConnell allows that vote. Already 11 Republicans, not just the ones you have shown have spoken out against this. We should repeal this and then we should sit down in a careful thoughtful way, figure out ways we need to tighten up things. ” (  Grabien) Follow Pam Key on Twitter @pamkeyNEN",0
6014,"In American Markets, Panic Begins to Subside - The New York Times","The market panic that initially met Britain’s vote to leave the European Union showed signs of subsiding on Monday. While stocks continued to slide for a second trading day, by the close of business Monday a measure of calm appeared to be returning to certain significant corners of the market. The benchmark Standard  Poor’s   index was stable for most of the day after dropping around 2 percent in the first minutes of trading. It ended the day down 1. 8 percent. Markets in Japan and China finished Monday in positive territory. A gauge of expected future volatility in the markets, the   VIX, fell on Monday after spiking on Friday, and remained far below the level it reached last summer when problems in the Chinese economy came to the fore. “I’m not expecting contagion here,” said Jack A. Ablin, the chief investment officer at BMO Private Bank, based in Chicago. “We’re pretty well insulated,” he said of the American economy. The outlook was less sanguine in Europe. Investors continued dumping European stocks and seeking out the safety of gold and bonds on Monday, despite comments from British and European officials intended to calm markets. George Osborne, the British chancellor of the Exchequer, spoke for the first time since the   Brexit vote, before markets opened on Monday. He said that while Britain’s public finances would be affected by an exit from the bloc, the broader economy was still in good shape. “Our economy is about as strong as it could be to confront the challenge our country now faces,” Mr. Osborne said. “It is inevitable, after Thursday’s vote, that Britain’s economy is going to have to adjust to the new situation we find ourselves in. ” “We were prepared for the unexpected,” he added. “We are equipped for whatever happens. ” But Mr. Osborne’s comments appeared to do little to shore up the nation’s currency. The British pound fell on Monday to its lowest level against the dollar since the 1980s. In another blow to the British economy, the Standard  Poor’s rating agency announced on Monday that it was stripping Great Britain of its AAA rating. The country’s rating was dropped two notches, to AA. Standard  Poor’s analysts said in their report that the vote last week “will weaken the predictability, stability, and effectiveness of policy making in the U. K. and affect its economy, G. D. P. growth and fiscal and external balances. ” There is still enormous uncertainty about how exactly Britain’s exit will play out, and how it will ripple through the economy. The most obvious victims are likely to be the big European banks, which have relied on an ability to operate easily across borders. Trading in financial stocks like Barclays and Royal Bank of Scotland was briefly suspended on Monday because of precipitous declines. Barclays fell 17 percent on Monday on top of its 17 percent decline on Friday. That brought the bank’s stock below the bottom it reached during the 2011 eurozone crisis, though it remained far above the trough reached during the financial crisis. “Banks are one of the most exposed sectors to Brexit,” Andrew Coombs, a Citigroup analyst, said in a research note distributed on Monday. He noted that British banks were particularly vulnerable “given the likely headwinds of a deteriorating domestic economy, and higher risk premia associated with a less predictable political and economic landscape. ” But, he warned, “the European investment banks are also not immune, with sizable operations in London, which may now need to be reviewed. ” Italian officials said on Monday that they were looking at creating what amounted to a bailout fund to help struggling banks in the country. Throughout Europe, however, investors have not been assuming the worst  —   they seem to have reserved their harshest punishment so far for bank stocks. By contrast, a broad index of European shares, the Euro Stoxx, fell 2. 8 percent on Monday but was still above the lows it reached earlier this year. In the United States, the S. P.   index finished down 1. 8 percent, or 36. 87 points, at 2, 000. 54 on Monday. The Dow Jones industrial average fell 1. 5 percent, or 260. 51 points, to 17, 140. 24. The Nasdaq composite was down 2. 4 percent, or 113. 54 points, to 4, 594. 44. Some economists said that the turmoil in Europe could slightly stunt American growth. Goldman Sachs economists said on Monday that they had reduced their estimates for American economic growth in the second half of 2016, to 2 percent from 2. 25 percent. But other analysts were far more optimistic. Pantheon Macroeconomics said on Monday that it still anticipated American economic growth to gain steam this year, driven by improving consumer confidence. For American investors, the biggest fallout from the British vote may be the influence that it has on the Federal Reserve and its plans for raising interest rates in the economy. Traders were betting on Monday that the Fed would have to keep rates lower for longer, which could help stimulate the economy. Janet L. Yellen, the Fed chairwoman, was supposed to attend a meeting of central bank chiefs this week in Portugal, but she called that off after the British vote last week. In Japan, Prime Minister Shinzo Abe held an emergency meeting on Monday with officials from the nation’s central bank and Finance Ministry to discuss how to contain the fallout from the vote in Britain, which pummeled markets in Japan and elsewhere on Friday. Japan was hit especially hard. The Nikkei suffered its biggest   point drop in 16 years and the yen jumped about 5 percent against the dollar. On Monday, Japanese authorities issued their strongest warning yet that they were prepared to intervene in the market to curb the rise of the yen. Markets elsewhere in the region were mostly little changed. Japan, however, generally fears an excessively strong currency, which can hurt the country’s economy by making its exports more expensive and consequently less competitive. “There is still uncertainty and risk in the financial markets, and it’s important that we continue to work for stability,” Mr. Abe told reporters after a meeting at the prime minister’s office. He added that he had instructed the finance minister, Taro Aso, to “coordinate with the Bank of Japan and be even more mindful of movements in the markets, including the currency market. ”",0
6015,Trump Said ‘Torture Works.’ An Echo Is Feared Worldwide. - The New York Times,"When the United Nations’ top   official tried to inspect an infamous prison in Gambia two years ago, officials there denied him access. So he protested all the way up the country’s chain of command. In a tense meeting with members of the cabinet of the country’s autocratic ruler, the United Nations official, Juan E. Méndez, was again denied, this time with a jeering dismissal. “They said, ‘Why don’t you go to Guantánamo instead,’” recalled Mr. Mendez, a former United Nations special rapporteur on torture. In Bahrain, officials were a little more subtle, but the message was the same, as they twice canceled prison inspection visits. “They said we face the same threats to national security as other countries face,” Mr. Mendez said. “It was clear they were referring to the United States, and they didn’t feel that they needed to give me access. ” Now, after   Donald J. Trump’s campaign vows to reinstate the sort of torture used in the   war on terrorism  —   and to fill the Guantánamo Bay prison with “some bad dudes”  —   human rights experts fear that authoritarian regimes around the world will see it as another green light to carry out their own abuses. A return to such “enhanced interrogation”  —   and even to techniques that Mr. Trump has pledged will be “much worse”  —   would also send a powerful message just as nations around the world have begun to examine their own past abuses to ensure that they will not be repeated. “Sometimes we see progress, and then we see ” said Victor   the   of the International Rehabilitation Council for Torture Victims, a   umbrella organization for   groups. “When the U. S. was engaging in torture, that created an enormous   of the pendulum,” he added. “There were a lot of officials in other countries during the Bush administration who were saying, ‘The Americans are doing it, so why can’t we?’ Now, with Trump saying, ‘I will bring a hell of a lot worse than waterboarding,’ you can imagine how far we could go backwards. ” Nils Melzer, who succeeded Mr. Mendez as the United Nations’ special rapporteur on torture in November, warned that if the Trump administration revived the use of torture, the consequences around the world “would be catastrophic. ” A fragile consensus against torture, said José Miguel Vivanco, the regional director for the Americas for Human Rights Watch, could be shattered “when you have the White House openly advocating for torture. ” During the campaign, Mr. Trump declared that “torture works,” and he vowed to “immediately” reinstate techniques like waterboarding because “we have to beat the savages” of the Islamic State, who “deserve” such treatment even if it is fruitless. Since the election, Mr. Trump has indicated that he might be reconsidering his position, citing the firm stance against torture by James N. Mattis, his Pentagon nominee. In an interview with The New York Times in November, Mr. Trump said that he was “surprised” when Mr. Mattis told him that he opposed torture and instead favored more humane interrogations of prisoners based on rapport building. But Mr. Trump did not close the door entirely. If Americans feel strongly about bringing back waterboarding and other tactics, he said, “I would be guided by that. ” Nora Sveaass, a psychologist at the University of Oslo and a former member of the United Nations Committee Against Torture, warned that if Mr. Trump revived the use of torture by the United States, it would have a ripple effect around the globe. “The U. S. is a very strong voice,” Ms. Sveaass said. “It’s just like putting a bomb into all of those major principles  —   the absolute prohibition on torture the absolute obligation to provide redress and justice to victims of torture, including rehabilitation the obligation to investigate and hold people to account,” she added. “If one country such as the U. S. openly torpedoes those principles, you can just forget about asking for compliance from states already challenging the absolute prohibition. ” The signal from Mr. Trump that torture is acceptable again comes just as countries from Argentina to Tunisia, either through courts or special truth commissions, are engaged in tentative efforts to hold themselves accountable for past conduct. In Argentina, Omar Graffigna, the    former chief of the country’s air force, was sentenced to prison in September for the 1978 kidnapping and torture of two   activists, Patricia Roisinblit and José Manuel Pérez Rojo. The prosecution of Mr. Graffigna was just one in a series of old cases that have been brought into the courts this year in Argentina, as the nation comes to grips with the legacy of its “dirty war” of the 1970s and early 1980s. In Tunisia, a new Truth and Dignity Commission held its first hearings in November, allowing torture victims to tell their harrowing stories before a national television audience. The commission was created to investigate torture and other human rights violations dating to 1955, primarily by the regime of President Zine   Ben Ali, who was deposed during the Arab Spring in 2011. And in December, Bolivia’s legislature voted to create a truth commission to investigate torture, murders and other crimes committed by a series of authoritarian regimes from 1964 to 1982. Even in countries that have not conducted such   investigations, new     organizations have begun to take root, and those groups are trying to make it more difficult for their governments to continue to engage in torture with secrecy and impunity. Samuel Herbert Nsubuga, the chief executive of the African Center for Treatment and Rehabilitation of Torture Victims, based in Uganda, said   legislation that the country passed in 2012 had still not been put into effect. When the law finally takes effect, “our challenge will be to bring some people to trial in Uganda for torture,” he said. In the meantime, his group has enlisted doctors and psychologists to provide medical help and therapy to torture victims, as well as lawyers to provide legal advice. But the moves toward examining past abuses are so far limited to relatively small nations or countries where the focus is on historical events rather than the current use of torture. The inquiries are also often being conducted in the face of strong resistance from top government officials, who oppose aggressive investigations even of past crimes. Those modest efforts could face sharp setbacks if Mr. Trump brings back banned practices. “I am afraid that Trump’s government will question the basic values of the international order, and torturing people will be justified,” said Carlos Jibaja, a psychologist with CAPS, a group in Lima, Peru, that helps victims of torture. At the same time, Mr. Trump’s advocacy of torture may encourage some major countries, like Russia and the Philippines, to be even more open and aggressive in their use of torture. Olga Sadovskaya, the vice chairwoman of the Committee Against Torture, a human rights group in Russia, said that torture was already common in the country. She noted that Russian prison and police officials routinely used torture tactics with cruel nicknames, such as the “President Putin,” which involves attaching wires from an office telephone to a victim’s body and then running electric current through it. The police like that tactic, she said, because it does not leave marks. Edeliza Hernandez, the executive director of the Medical Action Group in the Philippines, an organization that documents cases of torture and provides treatment and rehabilitation, estimated that there were 200 political prisoners in detention centers in the country, and said that most of them had been tortured. “The government has soldiers watch us while we inspect prisoners,” she said. Mr. Melzer, the United Nations official, warned that if Mr. Trump followed through on his pledges, more countries would follow his lead and get back into the torture business. “What kind of message would that be to the world?” Mr. Melzer asked. “It couldn’t be worse. What happens to the role of the United States as an example in the world, and what would that mean for the policies of other states? If the United States does it, those other countries will know they can get away with it. The last thing the world needs is a U. S. president legitimizing this. ”",0
6016,John Bolton: Trump Appointees Must Avoid ’Siren Song’ of Positive Media Coverage in Shaping Policy,"Former U. N. Ambassador John Bolton joined SiriusXM host Alex Marlow live from the Conservative Political Action Conference (CPAC) on Thursday’s Breitbart News Daily. [“I’ve had the privilege to speak at CPAC for as long as I can remember,” said Bolton. “What I consistently try to talk about is the importance of a conservative foreign policy, through the vagaries of elections. The last eight years, I’ve been able to describe what’s wrong with Obama, which is very difficult in the time allotted for the main floor speeches. ”   “This year, obviously, I’ll be following both Vice President Pence, who will be there tonight, and President Trump himself will be there tomorrow morning. So what I’m going to try and do is lay out some of the principles I think we have to continue to operate on  —   whatever people on the Hill say, whatever people in the executive branch say,” he declared.  “One of the bedrock principles of conservatism  —   and I think they start with the belief in American exceptionalism and the notion that our national security policy has to be based on American interests. I just think it’s important to keep focused, and although I’m not in the Trump administration, I will be doing whatever I can from the outside to try and keep their attention focused as the days go forward,” he said. Marlow asked why a foreign policy that puts America first is so widely seen as a “revolutionary idea. ” “It’s because the establishment doesn’t see it that way,” Bolton replied. “You can already, in the mainstream media commentary about the president’s emerging team and the direction he’s going in, some of the themes that show how the press, the mainstream press in Washington, tries to manipulate new Republican administrations. ” “They’re filled with commentary about how wonderful it is that many of the president’s appointments are   and technocratic and perhaps most important of all, not controversial  —   meaning that the New York Times and the Washington Post are prepared to give him a pass,” Bolton said. “Look, it’s very early days, and this is not necessarily a reflection of the truth about these individuals. It’s a reflection of how the Washington echo chamber is trying to mold them, to get them to seek the approval of their   betters who write editorials on the pages of the New York Times and the Washington Post. ” “If they can avoid succumbing to that siren song, they’ll do fine,” he advised. “But what the media and the Democrats are trying to do now is convince them: ‘You don’t want to be controversial. You don’t want to be ideological. Things are just fine. Be a technocrat. Tinker around the edges. Don’t change much.’ That’s not what Donald Trump got elected to do. That’s the fight really on the national security front, I think, for the soul of the administration. ” Marlow confessed he had been quietly rooting for Bolton to become national security adviser, prompting Bolton to humorously observe that he might have gotten the job if Marlow had only been less quiet about supporting him.  “What do you think of McMaster?” Marlow asked, referring to General H. R. McMaster, who was named national security adviser this week. “His book, Dereliction of Duty, is something, really, that anybody concerned about either the Vietnam war or   relations in the United States ought to read. It’s absolutely ” Bolton replied. “I think he’s demonstrated that he’s a man of great personal courage, and he’s an original thinker. I hope that he’ll be able to demonstrate those qualities. You know, it’s an uphill struggle when you’re still on active duty, which he is. I wish him all the best. I hope he does well. I’m happy to help out, whatever way I can, from the outside. ”  “Let’s hope he can help coordinate the various departments and agencies that do national security. It sounds kind of boring and bureaucratic, but I tell you, it can be fatal to an administration  —   again, especially a Republican administration  —   if it doesn’t speak with one voice,” Bolton said. John Bolton is a senior fellow at the American Enterprise Institute and presides over his own political action committee, BoltonPAC. Breitbart News Daily airs on SiriusXM Patriot 125 weekdays from 6:00 a. m. to 9:00 a. m. Eastern. LISTEN: ",0
6017,Das State Department setzt den Widerstand gegen den Imperialismus dem Terrorismus gleich,"Das State Department setzt den Widerstand gegen den Imperialismus dem Terrorismus gleich Voltaire Netzwerk | 26. Oktober 2016 français Español Türkçe عربي Das US-State Department hat angekündigt, es werde den Libanesen Haytham „Ali Tabataba’i“, alias „Abu ‚Ali Al-Tabataba’i“, auf die Liste der ""globalen Terroristen"" setzen.
Diese Einschreibung ist besonders aufschlussreich: das Außenministerium wirft diesem leitenden Offizier der Hisbollah vor, die syrische arabische Republik, Mitglied der Vereinten Nationen, zu unterstützen.
Um gute Figur zu machen berichtet die Notiz des State Department auch, dass er im Jemen gesehen wurde. Auf Grundlage dieser Informationen allein beschuldigt es ihn, an Seite der aus den Huthis und den Anhängern des ehemaligen Präsidenten Saleh bestehenden Koalition zu kämpfen, die den Großteil des Landes kontrolliert.
Das State Department beschuldigt den Offizier jedoch keiner einzigen terroristischen Tat. Es setzt einfach den Widerstand gegen den US-Imperialismus dem Terrorismus gleich.
Übersetzung
Horst Frohlich",0
6018,Обстрел школы в Сирии: погибли 22 ребенка и 6 учителей,"1 комментариев   
Как сообщили в Детском фонде ООН (ЮНИСЕФ), ""двадцать два ребенка и шесть учителей, согласно полученным сведениям, были убиты сегодня, когда здание их школы было неоднократно атаковано в Идлибе, Сирия"", «Это трагедия. Если это было сделано намеренно, то это - военное преступление»,- приводит AFP слова директора ЮНИСЕФ Энтони Лейка. 
До этого правозащитники сообщали, что «военные самолеты или российские, или сирийские нанесли шесть ударов» по деревне Хасс Лэйк отметил, что произошедшее является трагедией или военным преступлением. 
По его словам, речь идет о возможно самом смертоносном нападении на школу в Сирии с момента начала конфликта в стране в 2011 году. 
Как пишет РИА Новости, постоянный представитель РФ при ООН Виталий Чуркин назвал ужасным сообщение об ударе по школе в сирийском Идлибе. ""Мне проще всего сказать, что это не мы, но я ответственный человек, так что мне нужно подождать и посмотреть, что скажет наше министерство обороны"", - цитирует дипломата ТАСС. 
Телеканал Al-Jazeera сообщает, что близкие к оппозиции сирийские правозащитники возложили ответственность за авиаудар на Россию. 
Напомним, Идлиб - провинция на северо-западе Сирии, граничит с провинцией Алеппо. Территорию Идлиба в 2015 году контролировала террористическая организация ""Джебхат ан-Нусра"" (запрещена в РФ), и самолеты российских ВКС наносили удары по этому региону. В декабре 2015 года агентство Reuters со ссылкой на спасателей сообщало о гибели десятков мирных жителей в результате налета российских самолетов. 
Вооруженное противостояние продолжается в Сирии с марта 2011 года. По данным ООН, погибли более 220 тысяч человек. 
США и их союзники с 2014 года проводят в Ираке и Сирии операцию против ИГ. В ночь на 17 октября премьер-министр Ирака Хайдер аль-Абади заявил о начале военной операции по освобождению Мосула от боевиков ИГ. Иракские военные и силы полиции, а также курдские формирования при поддержке авиации коалиции во главе с США начали массированное наступление на город. 
Однако это наступление может обернуться катастрофой на Ближнем Востоке. Об этом заявил, к примеру, кандидат в президенты США Дональд Трамп. Или вот мнение отставного полковника США Дэниэла Дэвиса, которое он изложил в статье, опубликованной в The National Interest : Америке и силам коалиции стоит поторопиться с проведением операции в Мосуле, в противном случае террористы могут разорвать этот альянс в клочья. 
Читайте последние новости Pravda.Ru на сегодня Поделиться:",0
6019,"Jeremy Lin Is Back in New York, and So Is a Glimpse of the Old Linsanity - The New York Times","As a throng of Chinese reporters crowded in front of him, Jeremy Lin briefly cast his eyes toward the distant skyline of Manhattan, the birthplace of Linsanity. It has been four years since Mr. Lin seemed to inspire New Yorkers and Asians around the world with his mystical, mythical string of performances with the New York Knicks. But now, as a member of the Brooklyn Nets, Mr. Lin says he has a different perspective on his fame and his popularity as the first   N. B. A. player of Taiwanese or Chinese descent. “When it first started, I’m not going to lie, it was cool, and then it became a burden,” he said at the Nets’ practice facility in Sunset Park, Brooklyn. “I didn’t really know what I had gotten myself into. One, two, three, four years later, every year I embrace it more. Every year I’m more appreciative, every year I love it more. ” He is 27 now, and it is no longer enough to be just a leader for the Nets on the court. “Chinese people,   Asians, they always have a special place in my heart,” he said. “Coming back here, I want to be able to try to inspire the next generation, reach out in the community. ” A Harvard graduate and a son of Taiwanese immigrants, Mr. Lin became an empowering figure not only for Asians, but also for underdogs,   Knicks fans and New Yorkers mired in the doldrums in February 2012. The team’s leader, Carmelo Anthony, was injured when Mr. Lin was igniting a turnaround. Enter Mr. Lin, a journeyman who had been cut by two teams. Linsanity, in all its glorious euphoria, erupted. And then, several weeks later, Mr. Lin’s run was over, cut short by a   knee injury, combined with the resignation of his coach, Mike D’Antoni. After the season, the Knicks allowed Mr. Lin to depart to the Houston Rockets via free agency. “As soon as he took off that New York uniform, that magic was gone,” said Andrew Kuo, 38, a New   artist and ardent Lin fan. The   artifacts of that time, like the sandwiches once named for him, grew stale. The puns faded from the lexicon. “The Lin memes are done, it’s O. K. it’s extinct now,” Mr. Kuo said. There is, however, the matter of that “Linsanity No. 17” tattoo on his left forearm. Mr. Kuo laughed and said that it might have been dumb. “But it’s nice to look down and remember it all,” he added. Mr. Lin recalled how he wished he had stopped to enjoy that heady time more while it was swirling around him. As for Linsanity, he may have won the trademark, but he has mixed feelings about it he does not intend to revive it. “Not in a way that I’m offended, but it kind of dehumanizes me to refer to me as a phenomenon,” he said. “I’m going to be here, keep playing my game, and whatever you guys want to call it, it’s up to you guys. ” It was typical humility from a man who at the start of his Knicks career in 2012 was sleeping on his brother’s couch. In what seemed a quaint bookend to that time, Mr. Lin and his trainer, Josh Fan, stayed at an Airbnb rental on Tuesday night, just so they could be near the practice facility in Brooklyn. They turned down the Nets’ offer of a hotel room. Mr. Lin, wearing a new hairstyle featuring tight braids atop his head, was officially introduced on a podium along with five other   acquisitions. Yet it is his celebrity that gives the lowly Nets an instant marketing boost while in what is otherwise a rebuilding mode. Since Lin signed his   $36 million contract in early July, the team’s sales department has been contacting Asian groups all over New York to offer ticket packages. Brett Yormark, the chief executive of Brooklyn Sports and Entertainment, said that in response to Mr. Lin’s presence on the team he had scheduled a trip to China to discuss partnership opportunities with travel and packaged good companies. “Our brand is pretty big there, obviously,” he said. As for closer to home? “Obviously, when you think of Sunset Park, that’s an opportunity to ignite a potential fan base,” he said. “Everything is under discussion. ” Mr. Lin’s presence is sure to create ripples along   fault lines, even though his fame transcends that rivalry, uniting fans from California to Australia and to Taiwan, where he holds summer basketball camps. He recently returned from his annual visit. “He’s got a lot of fans there,” said Timothy J. Hwang, the New York bureau chief for Central News Network of Taiwan, who was among two dozen Chinese journalists covering Mr. Lin’s news conference. (Mr. Lin gave his first interview in Mandarin.) “He attracts a lot of attention, especially for the younger generation,” Mr. Hwang said. “Basketball is the most popular sport in Taiwan. ” By moving back to the city with the largest Chinese population outside of Asia  —   573, 388 residents according to the latest census figures, from 2014  —   Mr. Lin will certainly gain a broader, brighter spotlight. “I think he belongs in New York,” said Jimmy Ching, 51, the proprietor of Pacificana, a sprawling dim sum palace in Sunset Park. Last year, Mr. Ching tuned all of the restaurant’s 10 television screens to Knicks games when Mr. Lin played against them as a member of the Charlotte Hornets. “When he was at the Knicks, it was this momentum and the people and the whole area were rooting for him,” Mr. Ching added. “You see it in the Chinese communities. You see it in Brooklyn Chinese community, you see it in Manhattan Chinese community, you see it in the Flushing community. For that to happen, it was something. We pulled together. ” Mr. Lin’s most ardent supporters see a different player now than the relentless, sometimes reckless, guard who once tried to prove his worth. “The definition of Linsanity may have evolved,” said K. P. Chan, 68, a retired banker who lives in Bayside, Queens. “That was just sheer madness, that was epiphany. All the stars were aligned and all of a sudden, he had this breakout out of nowhere. But he has become a much more   more complete player. ” Last year, Mr. Chan connected with two California fans via an internet forum to produce a YouTube video that questioned whether N. B. A. referees were neglecting to call flagrant fouls committed against Mr. Lin. As the only   in the N. B. A. Mr. Lin represents a new “model minority,” said Peter Kwong, a professor of urban affairs at Hunter College. “On the one hand, he does everything Asians are supposed to do  —   he went to Harvard  —   and on the other hand, he’s doing things Asians are not supposed to do: sports,” said Professor Kwong, who specializes in Chinese immigration. “That is the charm of him. ” But the notion of a lack of athleticism among the Chinese seems to be an outdated stereotype, considering the popularity of basketball in Asia and the deep tradition of Asian basketball leagues across this country. “People really don’t understand how some Asian kids could be good,” said Ryan Chin, 15, a mentor in a youth basketball league. “I just want to thank Jeremy Lin. ”",0
6020,House Republicans Humiliated Reverse Plans to Gut House Ethics Oversight - Breitbart,"House Republicans suddenly reversed plans to change the rules of the House Ethics Oversight panel, in a public humiliation to kick off the 115th Congress. [In a hastily arranged meeting on Capitol Hill, the Republican conference scrambled to kill the rules changes proposal before a scheduled vote and after   Donald Trump publicly ridiculed them for their   timing on the issue.  Other tough ethics organizations, including Judicial Watch, criticized the proposed rule changes. “The American people will see this latest push to undermine congressional ethics enforcement as shady and corrupt,” Judicial Watch President Tom Fitton said in a statement. “The full House should seriously consider whether it wants to bear the brunt of public outrage and go through with the rule change this afternoon. ” Democrats and the media piled on as well, ridiculing Republicans for trying to weaken the panel despite many of them campaigning to drain the swamp. “Republicans claim they want to ‘drain the swamp,’ but the night before the new Congress gets sworn in, the House GOP has eliminated the only independent ethics oversight of their actions,” House Minority Leader Nancy Pelosi said in a statement. “Evidently, ethics are the first casualty of the new Republican Congress. ” House Speaker Paul Ryan was vocally opposed to the proposed reforms, according to a senior congressional source, but he ultimately failed to lead Republicans away from the public relations disaster that ensued. Republicans were split about the proposed changes, according to House sources. Some agreed that there were reforms needed to change the anonymous nature of the ethics accusations and leaks of investigations to the media, others thought that the reforms went too far. Many Republicans ultimately agreed that the timing of the reforms looked bad. Speaker Ryan tried to defend the reforms in a statement on Tuesday morning, before ultimately calling a meeting to revisit the proposition. The Republican conference unanimously agreed to cancel the changes, according to reports.",0
6021,Nazi Art Loot Returned ... to Nazis - The New York Times,"MUNICH  —   Years after World War II, American officials here entrusted more than 10, 000 confiscated artworks to Bavarian authorities to return to the rightful owners, many of them Jews whose property had been plundered. But new research in the yellowing archives here makes clear how relentlessly Nazi families pursued the Bavarian officials, badgering them, often successfully, to return art they brazenly continued to view as their property. Hitler’s private secretary, Henriette von Schirach, and her family pleaded with officials of the Bavarian State Painting Collections to turn over nearly 300 works, including a small landscape, “View of a Dutch Square” by the Dutch artist Jan van der Heyden. Before the war, the painting had been owned by Gottlieb and Mathilde Kraus, Jews who fled their Vienna penthouse, leaving behind a carefully packed collection of art that was then confiscated by the Gestapo in 1941. Mrs. von Schirach persuaded the Bavarians to give it back to her for a pittance  —   300 Deutschmarks, which was roughly $75 then or nearly $600 now. “The basic element of this story is this: They stole from my family,” said John Graykowski, 62, the Krauses’   “and then they gave it back to the guy who stole it from them. How does that work?” It turns out, the archives show, that hundreds of works were actually sold back at discounted prices in the 1950s and the 1960s to the very Nazis who had taken possession of them, including the widow of Hermann Goering, a senior aide to Hitler who pillaged art to amass a collection of more than a thousand works. This murky chapter of history came to light because of Mr. Graykowski’s search for some 160 missing works from the Kraus collection. In 2009, Mr. Graykowski, a Virginia lawyer, enlisted the help of the Commission for Looted Art in Europe, a   nonprofit that researched the archives for him and made key discoveries. Anne Webber, a founder of the commission, said her researchers concluded that the resale of looted art to   families had hardly been isolated. “They called them a ‘return sale,’” she said. “Why were they returned to them rather than the family from whom they were looted? Nobody knew. ” The return sales to Nazi families  —   first reported in late June by the Munich daily Süddeutsche Zeitung  —   are also causing political recriminations. This week, a Bavarian state Parliament committee demanded an accounting from government officials about the extent of the system to resell art to Nazi families and a tally of how many looted works remain in government possession that could be returned to the proper heirs. Mrs. von Schirach’s grandson Ferdinand von Schirach  —   a   German author whose grandfather was imprisoned for 20 years for the deportation of more than 60, 000 Austrian Jews  —   is also pledging to investigate the provenance of his late grandmother’s art. “We need to know about the evil,” he said. “That’s the only way we can live with it. ” The discreet art trade with Nazi relatives emerged in 1949, four years after the war, when the American military transferred responsibility for restitution of looted works to the West Germans and Austrians. Munich became the hub of a network of art dealers and state officials who had helped drive Nazi looting and then after the war fostered trafficking in those works. The painting collection’s archives illustrate in great detail the efforts by families like the von Schirachs to retain the art. The family patriarch was Baldur von Schirach, a Nazi governor in Vienna who was tried for war crimes in Nuremberg. While he was imprisoned in Spandau, his wife, Henriette, and relatives worked for more than a decade to reclaim art, carpets and furniture. According to archival documents, her father, Heinrich Hoffmann, who was Hitler’s personal photographer, sought to claim a list of 278 paintings that had been confiscated by units like the Monuments Men, an Allied group devoted to recovering and returning looted art. But the Americans were suspicious of him, according to one investigator who said in a 1945 document that “the interrogation of Hoffmann is a thankless task. ” The investigator added,“He is an alcoholic and has all the weaknesses which go with this vice. ” Mrs. von Schirach tirelessly continued the efforts, chasing the mostly German artworks. By 1953, at least 89 works had been promised to the family. By 1957, her brother had recovered 170. In one example of her zeal, Mrs. von Schirach got back a table after persuading a Munich antique dealer to testify in 1954 that she had purchased it from his store in 1932. Robert M. Edsel, whose 2009 book, “The Monuments Men,” inspired a movie by that name starring George Clooney, said he was not surprised by the secret sales. “This is the problem for countries, universities, private individuals or auction houses that just want the Nazis era issues to go away,” he said. “The more they avoid transparency, the more it refuels interest and frustration. Why does it matter so many years later? It’s stolen. ” Jonathan Petropoulos, a historian at Claremont McKenna College in California who studied the postwar Munich art network, said the Bavarians failed to follow promises to the Americans that they would find the rightful owners of the art. “Officials from both governments said they would continue to conduct research, but this scarcely happened, at least, for many decades,” he said. In the Graykowski case, the researchers found that the late 17th century oil painting “View of a Dutch Square,” apparently from van der Heyden’s studio, had passed through the official collecting points in postwar Munich where the Monuments Men gathered looted art for restitution. In 1962, the state museum sold it and a   landscape from the Kraus collection to Mrs. von Schirach. The current owner of the Dutch oil painting is the Catholic Cathedral Association of Xanten in   Westphalia in Germany. It said it purchased the work in 1963, a year after Mrs. von Schirach recovered it at an auction in Cologne for 16, 100 Deutschmarks, which was about $4, 000 then or around $31, 000 at today’s rates  —   50 times what she had paid for it. Its current value is unclear, but it is similar to another work of a cathedral square by van der Heyden that hangs in the Louvre in Paris.   Barking, the cathedral association’s chairman, said that the group is willing to negotiate a return to Mr. Graykowski and his family if certain “requirements are met. ” But the two sides are in a stalemate. The Kraus descendants disagreed over the choice of a mediator and the association’s demand for some sort of a return on its investment. Mr. Barking said they were still waiting for a notarized list of the Kraus heirs. Mr. Graykowski, the   said that the material had been sent and that the church association was stalling. Mr. Graykowski said he hoped his family’s story would weigh on private collectors with problematic works. His   were elderly when they moved to the United States, he said, and so scarred by their losses in Vienna that they refused to speak in German. “Maybe people will feel the moral weight to come forward,” he said. “My grandmother was an artist, and her paintings are on the list of stolen works. So someone has my grandmother’s painting in their parlor. I never met her. I wish I had this piece of her. ”",0
6022,Israel Issues Apology Over Threat to ’Take Down’ British Lawmaker,"A threat from a junior   Israeli embassy worker to ‘take down’ a British government minister drew an immediate apology from the country’s most senior diplomat. [The Mail on Sunday newspaper posted undercover footage, taken in a covert sting operation,  of  the embassy employee telling a reporter from   that “I want to take down  …     the Deputy Foreign Minister” (Sir Alan Duncan)   —   a   critic of Israel, and Foreign Secretary Boris Johnson’s   .  Duncan was “doing a lot of problems,” he added, before calling foreign office chief Johnson an “idiot” and mocking “crazy” opposition Labour leader Jeremy Corbyn and his “weirdo” supporters. The embassy apologized for the smears, saying it “rejects the remarks concerning Minister Duncan, which are completely unacceptable”. “The comments were made by a junior embassy employee who is not an Israeli diplomat, and who will be ending his term of employment with the embassy shortly,” it added. Ambassador Mark Regev (pictured) apologised personally to Duncan on Friday, according to the embassy. Britain’s Foreign Office confirmed they had received an apology, and that it now considered “the matter closed”. “The Israeli Ambassador has apologised and is clear these comments do not reflect the views of the Embassy or Government of Israel,” a spokesperson told The Independent. “The UK has a strong relationship with Israel and we consider the matter closed. ” The Guardian reported that the footage was part of a wider project recording conversations with Israeli embassy staff, British politicians and   supporters, which is set to air in documentaries that   will broadcast from January 15.  ",0
6023,Financial Vetting Goes Slowly for Trump’s Wealthy Cabinet Picks - The New York Times,"WASHINGTON  —   Some of   Donald J. Trump’s most prominent cabinet nominees  —   with their millions in assets and complex business arrangements  —   are moving unusually slowly through the government’s arduous financial disclosure examinations, threatening the quick start promised for the new administration and raising Democratic concerns that their confirmations could   customary ethical safeguards. On Thursday, the ranking Democrats on all 16 Senate committees released a joint statement saying they would block confirmation votes until each nominee of Mr. Trump had cleared an F. B. I. background check, completed a financial disclosure statement and ethics agreement approved by the federal Office of Government Ethics, and “satisfied reasonable requests for additional information. ” Senator Bob Corker of Tennessee, chairman of the Foreign Relations Committee, and Senator Ben Cardin of Maryland, that panel’s ranking Democrat, engaged in a public spat over Mr. Cardin’s request for three years of tax returns from Exxon Mobil’s chief executive, Rex Tillerson, who has been picked to be the next secretary of state. “As is   precedent for nominees considered by the Senate Foreign Relations Committee, the committee has not asked Mr. Tillerson to provide copies of his tax returns,” Mr. Corker said. And Senator Tom Carper of Delaware, the top Democrat on the Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs Committee, sent letters to the top ethics officials at 17 government agencies, asking if they had been in touch with officials of the Trump transition, whether they had received financial disclosure statements, and whether any Trump pick “refused to provide any information that you believe is necessary to conduct a conflicts analysis as required by law. ” “Given the large and complex financial holdings and boundless, serious potential for conflicts of interest,” Senator Chuck Schumer, Democrat of New York, said in an email, “these nominees need to turn over all relevant financial and background information so that senators can thoroughly review their record before going forward with any hearings. ” Several of Mr. Trump’s cabinet picks would be among the wealthiest public servants in modern history. That alone presents a significant   challenge to Senate Republicans, who hope to begin confirmation hearings in a few weeks. Mr. Trump’s selection process  —   begun, unlike that of most predecessors, after his election rather than before  —   may have added to the challenge of moving quickly now. “They need to step on the gas and get it done,” said Richard Painter, a law professor at the University of Minnesota who served as chief ethics counsel to President George W. Bush. “They need to tell the Senate what they are going to do with their assets. ” Cabinet nominees undergo rigorous background checks by the F. B. I. and the Office of Government Ethics, as well as a complicated process involving the agencies they are nominated to run. This is to ensure that nominees have no financial conflicts of interest or outstanding tax matters that could later expose them to criminal prosecution. For nominees with extensive financial holdings, preparation for confirmation hearings can take weeks or even months, as was the case with Penny Pritzker, a billionaire who is President Obama’s commerce secretary. Previous new administrations have taken longer to name cabinet picks than Mr. Trump has done, in part because they were doing their own vetting that the Trump transition has largely forgone. Three people who have discussed Mr. Trump’s nominees with officials involved in the screening, who spoke on the condition of anonymity to discuss the private deliberations of a highly secretive government agency, were told of the slow pace, which has alarmed Senate Democrats. Mr. McConnell has said he hopes to move ahead on several of Mr. Trump’s nominees “on Day 1. ” Emails to Mr. Trump’s transition team were not returned. Many of Mr. Trump’s nominees come with a complex web of financial interests and investments. They include Mr. Tillerson Steven Mnuchin, a former Goldman Sachs partner picked to head the Treasury the billionaire investor Wilbur L. Ross Jr. chosen as commerce secretary and Betsy DeVos, the  ’s choice to run the Department of Education. Lawmakers have already raised questions about Mr. Tillerson’s seeming reluctance to turn over his personal financial information. The Senate Foreign Relations Committee has tentatively set Jan. 11 for the start of Mr. Tillerson’s confirmation hearing. In keeping with longstanding committee precedent, it has not asked Mr. Tillerson to provide his tax returns, Senator Corker said. “By all accounts, Mr. Tillerson is currently ahead of schedule in providing information to the committee,” he added. “He already has submitted a completed nominee questionnaire and will soon submit an extensive financial disclosure. ” But Mr. Cardin voiced the fears of some Democrats that Mr. Tillerson and other nominees  —   and Republican committee chairmen  —   may take their cues from Mr. Trump’s unusual decision not to release his own tax returns. “I think it is an important part of vetting this candidate because he has never made public disclosures of this type, as he has worked at Exxon Mobil for his entire career and has never been in public service,” Mr. Cardin wrote on Thursday in a letter to committee Democrats. “Mr. Tillerson was actively engaged with many foreign governments that could become relevant if confirmed as secretary of state. The Senate has a responsibility to review all relevant documents during the confirmation process. ” Republicans say the concern is misplaced. Senator Orrin G. Hatch, Republican of Utah, the chairman of the Senate Finance Committee, which will hold the hearing for Mr. Mnuchin, has previously said that Mr. Trump’s nominees “will undergo the same bipartisan vetting process as the nominees from previous administrations. ” This includes scrutiny by the Office of Government Ethics, and his committee’s requirement for three years of a nominee’s most recent federal tax returns. A spokeswoman for Mr. Hatch said on Wednesday that the committee would not schedule a hearing before completion of the bipartisan vetting process. Selections made during a transition are more complicated than those of a sitting president because a nomination cannot be officially made until the new president is sworn in. Candidates typically start to put together their prospective cabinet during the campaign the former governor of Massachusetts, Mitt Romney, conducted an extensive vetting process during his failed 2012 White House run. When an incoming president has chosen a nominee, the transition office works immediately to get forms in order for the ethics office and the F. B. I. The F. B. I. does its own significant vetting, which has been the downfall of some nominees, frequently over tax issues or payments to domestic workers. Often this review is done long before the nomination arrives on Capitol Hill. Federal ethics law requires that financial disclosure forms be submitted no later than five days after a formal nomination, or before a nominee’s hearing, whichever is earlier. Generally, if nominees have any financial entanglements that could create real or potential conflicts of interest, they work with an ethics compliance employee to come up with a plan to address those conflicts. In many cases, though not all, a nominee resolves conflicts through divestiture, the use of a blind trust or a formal recusal from certain matters. This practice protects the public interest, but also the nominee. Cabinet members later found to be acting in their own financial interest in their official capacity can be prosecuted. “If you have substantial assets, they want some sort of assets agreement,” Mr. Painter said. “That can take a few weeks, especially with billionaires. ” Democrats insist the process cannot be disregarded. “When you occupy this country’s highest positions of power, you manage trillions of dollars, enforce more than two centuries of law, control the world’s most powerful military and make decisions that are literally matters of life and death,” said Senator Ron Wyden of Oregon, the ranking Democrat on the Finance Committee. “That’s why nominees need a thorough vetting process, not a rubber stamp. ”",0
6024,"Fish Seek Cooler Waters, Leaving Some Fishermen’s Nets Empty - The New York Times","POINT JUDITH, R. I.  —   There was a time when whiting were plentiful in the waters of Rhode Island Sound, and Christopher Brown pulled the fish into his long stern trawler by the bucketful. “We used to come right here and catch two, three, four thousand pounds a day, sometimes 10,” he said, sitting at the wheel of the Proud Mary  —   a   named, he said, after his wife, not the Creedence Clearwater Revival song  —   as it cruised out to sea. But like many other fish on the Atlantic Coast, whiting have moved north, seeking cooler waters as ocean temperatures have risen, and they are now filling the nets of fishermen farther up the coast. Studies have found that   of marine species in the Northeast United States have shifted or extended their range as a result of ocean warming, migrating northward or outward into deeper and cooler water. Lobster, once a staple in southern New England, have decamped to Maine. Black sea bass, scup, yellowtail flounder, mackerel, herring and monkfish, to name just a few species, have all moved to accommodate changing temperatures. Yet fishing regulations, which among other things set legal catch limits for fishermen and are often based on where fish have been most abundant in the past, have failed to keep up with these geographical changes. The center of the black sea bass population, for example, is now in New Jersey, hundreds of miles north of where it was in the 1990s, providing the basis for regulators to distribute shares of the catch to the Atlantic states. Under those rules, North Carolina still has rights to the largest share. The result is a convoluted workaround many fishermen view as nonsensical. Because black sea bass are now harder to find in their state waters, North Carolina fishermen must steam north 10 hours, to where the fish are abundant, to even approach the state’s allocation. Mr. Brown and other New England fishermen, however, whose states have much smaller shares, can legally land only a small fraction of the black sea bass they catch and must throw the rest overboard. And New England states like Maine, where fishermen are beginning to catch black sea bass regularly, have only a tiny allocation and no established fishery. “Our management system assumes that the ocean has white lines drawn on it, but fish don’t see those lines,” said Malin L. Pinsky, an assistant professor in the department of ecology, evolution and natural resources at Rutgers University, who studies how marine species adapt to climate change. “And our management system is not as nimble as the fish. ” The mismatch between the location of fish and the rules for catching them has pitted recreational fishermen against commercial ones and state against state. It has heightened tensions among fishermen, government regulators and the scientists who advise them and raised questions for fishery managers that have no easy answers. Reflecting these tensions, Senators Richard Blumenthal and Christopher S. Murphy, both Democrats of Connecticut, noted in a letter to the acting inspector general of the Commerce Department in June that fishermen in their state were experiencing “extreme financial hardship” because the apportionment of resources was so outdated. “We request that your office investigate how the current system impacts the region’s fishermen and whether the structure should be reformed to bring quota allocations in line with current data on actual fish population distribution,” the senators, joined by Representative Joe Courtney, also a Democrat of Connecticut, wrote. “As species of fish move north, the allocation levels should migrate with them. ” Although such shifts in allocations are possible, said Tom Nies, the executive director of the New England Fishery Management Council, in practice they are difficult to execute. “If you’re giving fish to somebody, you’re taking them away from somebody else,” Mr. Nies said. But, he added, fishery managers at state and federal levels are examining ways to take into account the effects of warming ocean temperatures. Those approaches include changes in how permits are structured and giving states with nascent fisheries representation in councils that oversee states where the fish are  . “I would be surprised if you find very many fishermen who will tell you that climate change is not happening,” he said. “I think there’s a clear recognition from everybody that this is a problem, and a lot of people are working on how to address it. ” One approach being actively pursued by scientists and managers is developing methods to incorporate temperature data and other characteristics of the environment into the surveys that regulators use to set fishing quotas. Richard J. Seagraves, the senior scientist for the   Fishery Management Council, said that in a series of surveys distributed and town   meetings held by the council, “the most pressing concern expressed by all parties was the failure to address ecosystem considerations, like a changing climate and the physical effects on fish stocks. ” The government periodically monitors fish species to see if they are thriving or at risk of extinction. The surveys are intended to determine how much fishing a given species can sustain, in order to avoid overfishing. But even in the best case, trying to estimate the size of fish populations is an uncertain proposition. And the migration of species in response to warming temperatures has made the task considerably harder. “From a scientific perspective, there are some really interesting questions,” Dr. Pinsky said. “Where did the fish go? Did we eat them? Or did they go somewhere else? Those are questions we haven’t really had to grapple with. ” A 2014 survey of butterfish  —   a small, silvery fish that provides food for many larger fish species and is popular in Japan  —   illustrated the problem with traditional assessment methods. A previous survey of butterfish had been unsuccessful at figuring out how robust the population was  —   there was too much uncertainty in the assessment’s sampling of the fish. Because regulators could not make a judgment about the status of the species, butterfish fishing was temporarily suspended. But when a team of scientists began talking to fishermen, they realized that the earlier survey had not taken into account the movements of the butterfish in response to changes in water temperature. “What we learned from working with the fishermen was that the animals were probably occurring outside the survey,” John A. Manderson, a research biologist at the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration’s northeast fisheries science center. Dr. Manderson and his colleagues developed a way to factor movement patterns and temperature shifts into models for assessing the fish. Once their work was incorporated into the next survey, which found that butterfish were still plentiful, the fishery reopened. Dr. Manderson said that listening to fishermen, who are often in the best position to know how many fish there are and where they are, was the key to understanding what was occurring. “What started out as an academic exercise turned into a collaborative one,” Dr. Manderson said. Yet it remains difficult to tease apart how much of the dip in a fish population is a result of climate change and how much is a result of overfishing, or even of a natural fluctuation in population numbers from year to year. “I think you’ve got to be careful when you react to these things,” Mr. Nies, of the New England fishery council, said. “You want to make sure you’re reacting to a signal and not to noise. ” He noted that there had been cases where regulators incorrectly concluded that a species had collapsed, citing the haddock population in the  . “Here we are 20 years later and we’ve got more Gulf of Maine and Georges Bank haddock than has ever been detected in the last 100 years,” he said. A growing number of scientists and managers favor moving eventually to what they call   management, a system that is focused on the environmental niche a species occupies, rather than individual species themselves. Under such a system, regulation would be aimed at making sure that there are enough fish available to maintain an ecological balance of predators and prey, and quotas might be based on a category of marine species, rather than specific fish. The West Coast has already adopted some version of this approach in the north Pacific, setting an overall quota for groundfish caught in the Bering Sea. Temperature affects fish species differently. “Climate change is going to make it hard on some of those species that are not particularly fond of warm or warming waters,” said Mr. Brown, who is the president of the Rhode Island Commercial Fishermen’s Association, a trade group. “But as the impacts of climate change descend upon us, there are also species that are going to be victorious, hugely victorious. ” Yet the changes are happening so fast that regulators will have to adapt quickly if they are to have any hope of keeping up. Marine species, Dr. Manderson said, are moving north at 10 times the rate of animals on land. “Our ideas of property rights and laws are purely ” he said. “But the ocean is all about flux and turbulence and movement. ” He added, “Even the science is too slow. ”",0
6025,White House Spox: Meryl Streep Delivered ’a Thoughtful Carefully Considered Message’ - Breitbart,"Monday at the White House daily briefing when asked about Sunday’s Golden Globes remarks by actress Meryl Streep criticizing   Donald Trump, press secretary Josh Earnest said, “She clearly was delivering a thoughtful, carefully considered message that she believes in deeply. ”  Earnest said, ‘I haven’t spoken to the president about her speech. I didn’t see her speech but I certainly  read about it. It seemed to get plenty of attention. I think what I can say is she clearly was delivering a thoughtful, carefully considered message that she believes in deeply. It seemed to me to be a fairly straight forward excise of her First Amendment rights as a citizen of the United States. ” Follow Pam Key on Twitter @pamkeyNEN",0
6026,Backfire alert! WH chief of staff’s Obamacare cheerleading gets ’em fired up (NOT for reasons he hoped) – twitchy.com,"
— Richard Varady (@RichardVarady) October 26, 2016 @RichardVarady @Denis44 @PressSec @BarackObama They never talk about the deductibles. Wonder why that is? 
— Poppy Fields (@Poppy_Fields1) October 26, 2016 @Denis44 Deductibles have doubled for millions. Why don't you state that? 
— Poppy Fields (@Poppy_Fields1) October 26, 2016 @Denis44 No mention of tripled premiums and limited choices? I wonder why. 
— Alea Iacta Est (@sullafelix) October 26, 2016 @Denis44 @PressSec Where's the slice for how many can no longer see their doctor and be covered? ",0
6027,"Ukraine congratulates Trump - ""God bless America!"" [Video]","November 10th, 2016 - Fort Russ News - 
Anatoly Sharij - Translated by  Inessa Sinchougova 




Donald Trump's win gives puppet states such as the Ukraine hope, that soon they may escape America's imperialist shackles. All Trump would have to do is cease funding Ukraine's hand-picked, corrupt elite. Without US taxpayer dollars going to Ukraine's politicians, the scoundrels would ditch the country faster than anyone would care to know... So now we wait! The presenter is Anatoly Sharij, a popular Ukrainian video blogger. 


     Follow us on Facebook!                                                   
                                                   

       Follow us on Twitter! 
                               

             Donate! 
",0
6028,Man seems to think he helped out with World War Two,"Man seems to think he helped out with World War Two 14-11-16 A 42-YEAR-OLD man thinks he had something to do with Britain’s historical military victories. Office manager Martin Bishop frequently expresses pride at how ‘we’ defeated enemies like the Nazis, despite having no military training and not being born at the time. Bishop said: “We showed tyrants like Hitler and Napoleon who’s boss, although my ability to fight them personally has been limited by being born in 1974. “It’s in our national character to never give up, like during the Battle of Britain or when I did that 5km charity run. “I may not have been at our wars in person, but I feel I’m continuing our proud military tradition by watching documentaries about them while having my tea. “If I’d been around at the time I’d definitely have been getting stuck in on D-Day or at the Battle of Agincourt, because I’m a dab hand at archery on the Wii.” However colleague Nikki Hollis said: “When the office went paintballing, Martin mostly hid in a wooden fort. “Also I can’t see him surviving World War One mentally unscathed because he was totally traumatised by the last episode of Blackadder .” 
Share:",0
6029,"Head of Sony Entertainment, Michael Lynton, to Step Down - The New York Times","LOS ANGELES  —   The chief executive of Sony’s underperforming entertainment division, Michael Lynton, announced Friday that he would step down to focus more intently on the popular messaging service Snapchat, where he was an early investor. Mr. Lynton, who weathered various corporate crises at Sony Entertainment over his   tenure, including a devastating cyberattack and a battle with activist investors, will step down on Feb. 2, the company said. After that, Kazuo Hirai, the president and chief executive of Sony Corporation, based in Tokyo, will take a more   role at the conglomerate’s movie, television and music division, at least for a time. Mr. Hirai will begin keeping a second office at Sony’s studio complex in Culver City, Calif. the company said, and take the additional title of   executive of Sony Entertainment. Mr. Lynton will also serve as   executive for a   period starting in February to help Mr. Hirai learn the inner workings of the   movie and television businesses and select a permanent successor. In the meantime, Mr. Lynton, 57, will officially become chairman of the board at Snap Inc. which owns Snapchat. Snap is expected to go public  —   with an eye toward being valued at $30 billion or more  —   this spring. As chairman, Mr. Lynton is not expected to play a direct management role, but rather focus on matters involving strategy and governance in support of Evan Spiegel, Snap’s chief executive. “I have been involved with Evan and Snapchat since its early days, and, given its growth since then, decided the time was right to transition,” Mr. Lynton said in a statement. He added that he was confident that “the broad changes we have made and new management team we have assembled over the last few years” at Sony would bear fruit. Despite wrenching turnaround efforts  —   Mr. Lynton hired a new movie chief in 2015  —   Sony’s film operation, which includes the Columbia, Screen Gems and TriStar labels, has experienced a prolonged shortage of breakout hits. Last year, Sony released 22 movies (not including those distributed by its New   art house unit) and collected $911. 5 million at the domestic box office, with moderate successes like “The Angry Birds Movie” offset by clunkers like “The Brothers Grimsby. ” Among the six major Hollywood studios, only Paramount fared worse, with 15 releases taking in $876. 8 million. The leader, Walt Disney Studios, where Mr. Lynton worked in the 1990s, had 13 releases and $3 billion in domestic sales. In a statement, Mr. Hirai said Mr. Lynton’s structural changes “set the path for restoring profitability and future growth, though we recognize current challenges in the motion picture businesses and its turnaround will take some time. ” That suggests Mr. Hirai plans to be patient with Thomas E. Rothman, the chairman of Sony Pictures, who has ruffled feathers at the studio as he has pushed for change. Mr. Hirai also emphasized that the studio was not for sale  —   a persistent topic of Hollywood speculation  —   calling movies, television and music “essential parts of Sony. ” Although the studio’s top television executive was pushed out in June after clashing with Mr. Lynton, Sony’s   business has been a bright spot. It makes “The Crown” for Netflix, “Blacklist” for NBC and “The Goldbergs” for ABC, in addition to lucrative chestnuts like “Jeopardy” and “Wheel of Fortune. ” Sony also delivered the seminal series “Breaking Bad” during Mr. Lynton’s tenure. Sony Music, which  went through management changes of its own in October, has strengthened its position by focusing on growth areas like streaming and paying the estate of Michael Jackson $750 million for its share of the   Music Publishing catalog, which contains more than one million copyrights, including 250 songs by the Beatles. Sony Music has also released hits by artists like Beyoncé and Meghan Trainor. In his statement, Mr. Hirai thanked Mr. Lynton for “his strong leadership and dedication to Sony throughout his long and illustrious career with the company. ”",0
6030,‘Plan-B’ — Obama Paves Way to Give Syrian ‘Moderate Rebels’ Anti-Aircraft Weapons to Fight Russia,"By Claire Bernish at thefreethoughtproject.com
President Obama contemplated arming the already controversial ‘moderate’ Syrian rebels weapons to “defend themselves against Russian aircraft and artillery” as his Plan B for Syria when all else failed in the effort to oust Assad — but although this treacherous plan has been effectively shelved, it remains an option for whomever next ascends to the White House.
According to a new report from the Washington Post , Obama’s Plan B has neither been “approved or rejected” in the U.S.’ disintegrating and increasingly complex campaign to depose Syrian President Bashar al Assad — which has, of course, precipitated a perilous proxy war with staunch Syrian ally, Russia.
Skepticism over allowing the CIA to provide various anti-Assad terrorists — euphemistically termed moderate rebels by the U.S. — with “truck-mounted antiaircraft weapons that could help rebel units but would be difficult for a terrorist group to conceal and use against civilian aircraft” apparently forced the plan to be tabled, the Post reports.
In the U.S. program to topple Assad, the CIA has armed and trained defectors from Syrian military known as the Free Syrian Army — whose own defectors went on to form the Islamic State — as well as other terroristic groups virtually indistinguishable from one another except for their political ideologies.
These issues factored into restrictions on weapons the U.S. would provide to their sponsored rebels; but, as the Post explains:
“Rebels chafed at the restriction, complaining that it left them vulnerable to air attack by Assad and, more recently, Russia.”
Plan B was envisaged as a compromise by the CIA.
But the complex state of affairs in Syria has led not only the FSA, but other ‘moderates,’ to ‘radicalize’ — complicating U.S.’ goals and frustrating Russian efforts to purge the embattled nation of terrorists. While the Pentagon’s public goal has duly sought to wrest control from Assad and fight the Islamic State, the CIA program of arming rebels is widely considered counterproductive — if not, perhaps, nefarious.
Plan B, despite potentially devastating repercussions, retains stolid support from top officials, including unsurprisingly CIA Director John Brennan and Secretary of Defense Ashton Carter — but has lost favor recently with former proponents, including Secretary of State John Kerry.
Kerry and other skeptics rightly grasp providing heavy artillery to rebels fighting Russia-backed Syrian government forces to down Russian aircraft — which would undoubtedly turn the smoldering U.S. proxy battle into an all-out war with Russia.
Additionally, the Post reports, a growing number of U.S. officials feel the contentious CIA program has only proven to bedevil the ultimate goal of regime change, and, as one unnamed ‘senior official’ noted, CIA units are “not doing any better on the battlefield, they’re up against a more formidable adversary, and they’re increasingly dominated by extremists,” adding, “What has this program become, and how will history record this effort?”",0
6031,Why Obama Will Win,"Why Obama Will Win Jared Taylor, American Renaissance, August 2008 
It is time to get used to the idea that the next president of the United States will be black. Why will a nation we are so often assured is “racist” elect a black president? And will it make a difference? 
Ever since Hillary Clinton dropped out of the race, the polls have reported consistently that Barack Obama will beat John McCain. The media love to tell us that whites say they support the black candidate and then vote for the white, but there is no reason for whites to lie in this campaign. Mr. Obama will not get a majority of the white vote but he will get enough to beat Mr. McCain. Why will so many whites vote for Mr. Obama? 
First, some support his policies. They want to end the war in Iraq, and they want the standard liberal program of socialized medicine, higher taxes, more handouts, and more government. There has always been a substantial minority of whites who vote this way, and they have a clear favorite in Mr. Obama. 
Second, as many people have pointed out, an enormous number of whites think it is deeply virtuous to vote for a black—not for an out-and-out race man such as Jesse Jackson or Al Sharpton, but for an unthreatening, well-scrubbed black who speaks standard English and promises to “bring us together.” Even if they live sharply segregated lives, whites thrill to the language of “coming together,” and they adore blacks who don’t act or sound black. 
For many whites, voting for Mr. Obama will be an act of high patriotism. Electing him will prove America is not “racist,” and many whites believe that rising above “racism” is America’s sacred calling. One must never underestimate the importance to whites of feeling virtuous. Most would rather lose a leg than be thought a “bigot,” and a vote for Obama is a painless way to burnish anti-racist credentials. 
Third, young whites will line up for Mr. Obama. They have been swallowing anti-white, multi-culti propaganda all their lives and have not knocked around enough to discover it is false. Some who know their parents will vote for Mr. McCain will make a special point of voting for Mr. Obama. Every new generation thinks it is cooler, hipper, and wiser than any generation that ever lived, and what could be cooler, hipper, or wiser than putting a black man in the White House? For many young whites, a vote for Mr. Obama will be a denial of every uncool, unhip, and especially every even faintly race-realist thing their parents ever said or did. 
Fourth, although the country seems to have a collective memory of no more than two weeks, Americans think everything is “historic.” Whenever someone breaks an obscure record in professional baseball we are told history was made. If you ask someone why he waited in line all night to buy the first Apple iPhone he will tell you it’s a “historic” product. Americans love anything that is “historic,” and for people who think a few more stolen bases are “history” right up there with the Battle of Lepanto, putting a black man in the White House will be the discovery of America, Pearl Harbor, and the Second Coming all rolled into one. Many whites will vote for Mr. Obama because they want to think they helped “make history.” 
The media, which has its own grim reasons for supporting Mr. Obama, is mesmerized by the same prospect. Editors salivate at the thought of writing headlines like “History is Made” the day after the election, and some will lose all self-control and add an exclamation mark. The emphasis, of course, will be on Mr. Obama as the first black president, implying more to come. The media, which always subtly boost the Democrat, will be even more blatantly partisan this time, downplaying every blunder Mr. Obama makes and highlighting Mr. McCain’s. 
Fifth, many whites will vote for Mr. Obama—or at least not vote for Mr. McCain—because the Republicans have nominated the most stunningly unattractive candidate in years. Old and pock-marked, Mr. McCain is thoroughly disliked in the Senate for arrogance that he cannot even hide from voters when he is not speaking from notes. He has dismayed Republicans by promoting amnesty for illegals, and dismayed everyone else by saying America should stay in Iraq for 100 years if it takes that long to “win.” Mr. Obama therefore has the enormous advantage of running against an opponent that not even Republicans like. 
Mr. Obama will also crush Mr. McCain in face-to-face debates. Mr. McCain cannot put an unscripted sentence together any better than George W. Bush can, and will come across as a thick-witted geezer. Mr. Obama, who is as glib as any politician, gives credence to H.L. Mencken’s definition of democracy as “rule by orators.” 
But what about America’s storied “racism”? Isn’t America brimming with people who can’t bear the thought of a black president? Americans have been numbed for decades by attractive television-blacks who read the news, forecast the weather, and tell us which brand of toothpaste to buy. Americans get a steady diet of heroic movie-blacks who outsmart and beat up white brutes, solve baffling technical problems, dispense sage advice, and save the world. Even the current Miss USA is black. There are millions of whites who do not want to live with blacks or have much to do with them, but would a black president be much different from nearly eight years of black secretaries of state? The march of blackness may be vaguely worrying to whites but they think there is nothing they can do about it and that they shouldn’t even if they could. 
The final reason why whites will vote for Mr. Obama is that the Republicans do not have the backbone to attack him in the only way that would work. If they were serious, they would fill the airways with Jeremiah Wright prancing and raving, along with the message: “This is the man who married Mr. and Mrs. Obama, baptized their children, and whom Mr. Obama calls a ‘family member’.” They would buy radio ads quoting Michelle Obama’s thesis in which she says she will always be black first and American second. Mr. McCain has nothing like the stomach for a campaign like this. 
Many blacks probably think he has the stomach for considerably worse: 57 percent think Mr. Obama is in greater physical danger than any white politician, and many say they would have warned him not to run, for fear he would be killed. An assassination would certainly be a shattering event. There is no telling how many cities would go up in flames, and Third-World countries, which have followed the Obama nomination with unprecedented interest, would help make it the most widely reported killing in history. (I have just returned from a Muslim country in which everyone has heard of Mr. Obama and likes him, but most have never heard of John McCain.) Whatever gruesome fantasies blacks may be spinning, however, assassination has gone out of style in America, and white resistance—such as it is—is dependably nonviolent. Mr. Obama will be perfectly safe. 
In any case, Mr. Obama will win far more white votes than he will lose because he is black. Whites who don’t want a black president would not vote for a Democrat anyway. As for black voters, even nominal Republicans are said to be running for the doors, but strictly racial voting has always been fine for blacks. Not so for whites, of course. Just try telling your co-workers that you disagree with Mr. McCain but are voting for him because he is white. 
Racially conscious whites will be in a quandary in November. Even if Mr. McCain’s policies are worse than Mr. Obama’s should they vote for the white man—one with an adopted Bangladeshi daughter and who long ago betrayed white interests? Even after years of being softened up with black heroes and figureheads, a black in the White House is a powerful symbol of white dispossession. A mulatto president is an almost explicit endorsement of miscegenation. This is bitter medicine. 
Some whites have argued that a black president would undercut the charges of “racism” whites are forever facing, but they are dreaming. The entire government could look like a meeting of the Mystic Knights of the Sea, but as long as blacks are worse off than whites we will be blamed for it. Sensible whites cannot cheerfully vote for either man; I suspect most will stay home or vote for a minor candidate. 
Aside from the symbolic impact, which cannot be calculated, will President Obama be much different from a President Hillary Clinton? She would lard her cabinet with blacks and Hispanics, nominate ultra-liberal judges, push for amnesty, grovel before non-whites everywhere, and load up the “civil rights” division of the Justice Department with anti-white sharks. She would certainly make a bigger fool of herself over Hispanics and Asians (see “ Turning Up the Pressure ,” AR, May 2008). Our choice, therefore, could not be more disagreeable. On balance, we get to decide which is the more degrading spectacle: deluded white people giving their country away or clear-eyed blacks helping themselves to it. 
President Obama will, however, face special pressures. He can’t let the pushier brothers walk all over him, but he will have to throw them enough bones to keep them off his back. It will be a tricky balance. Mr. Obama’s first annual address to the NAACP will be a love feast, but every year after that it will be harder to explain why black unemployment, poverty, and incarceration rates haven’t changed at all. 
Even Mr. Obama’s star-struck white supporters will eventually wonder what happened to all that “change” he promised. There is not going to be change. The system is far too stuck in its self-serving ways for that. With the help of an enlarged Democratic majority in Congress, Mr. Obama may set up some wheezing, byzantine form of socialized medicine, but no one will be happy with it. If Mr. Obama inherits a sick economy, a weak dollar, expensive oil, and shrinking revenues, Americans will not at all like the change they get. 
On the bright side, with Mr. Obama we have a good chance of piquant First-Lady behavior. What will the White House be like with Michelle in charge? Will she want a new exterior paint job? How and whom will she entertain? Will the Big Man’s guest bedrooms—in the African tradition—be turned over to third cousins from Kenya and the South Side of Chicago? There is no telling with what improprieties large and small Mrs. Obama will entertain us as she makes up her mind whether she is an American. 
It will be an edifying presidency; and whites may be a little less deluded in 2012.",0
6032,BREAKING – Ohio DNC Office Just Got A Very ‘Special’ Delivery – It’s EPIC | EndingFed News Network,"Email Print It would appear as though conservatives have had enough of the liberals dumping on our HQ’s around the country, so they decided to dump a little something on one of theirs! USA Today reports that in the early morning hours of Saturday, the Warren County, Ohio, Democrat Headquarters received a “gift” from an anonymous donor. Of course, the idea of a “gift” is always in the eyes of the receiver. Where a farmer would have been grateful for the donation, Democrat leadership was less than thrilled with it. The gift in question: a truckload of manure. Some would view this delivery as a “redistribution of wealth” – a truckload of manure isn’t necessarily cheap. Others may see it as the public giving back what Democrats have been shoveling out for the last eight years. While this “donation” is being categorized as an act of vandalism, you can’t help but believe that the police officers who took the call on this “contribution” had a stifled chuckle about it. There is a humorous aspect to this social commentary. “What reasonable person thinks this is OK?” Democrat Party Chair Bethe Goldenfield said in a post on social media. “I won’t be responding to anyone who thinks this is acceptable behavior. It is illegal !” The same thing happened in 2012, Goldenfield noted. Evidently, Ms. Goldenfield doesn’t appreciate the subtlety of the humor and/or the karma involved. One could argue that “what goes around comes around.” Warren County is a suburban Cincinnati county that overwhelmingly votes Republican. Mitt Romney garnered 69 percent of the vote in 2012. In fact, it’s been close to 40 years since a Democrat was elected to even a countywide office. In response to the news, the chairman of the Warren County Republican Party said the GOP had nothing to do with the manure. In an act of good faith, he extended access to organization volunteers “to help clean things up.” That is a far cry from anything Democrats have offered in the aftermath of much more serious incidents at Republican headquarters in North Carolina and Indiana. In North Carolina, someone firebombed the Orange County GOP headquarters. In that incident, graffiti was scrawled on the side of the building warning the Republican “Nazis” to leave the county or else. In Indiana, someone tossed a brick through the window of one local Republican headquarters. Both of these incidents – presumably executed by pro-Clinton operatives – caused extensive monetary damage. The “donation in Warren County, Ohio, caused no damage and, if Ms. Goldenfield was resourceful, she could have made a profit for the organization in selling the manure to a farmer or a garden center. These examples illustrate the fundamental differences between the Left and Right side of the aisle. Where the Right makes symbolic gestures that literally hurt no one and harm nothing, the Left firebombs and destroys property. Please tell me which party is the more civilized and intellectual party? All that Progressive enlightenment hasn’t amounted to much. What do you think about campaign “contribution” that was made to the Democrat Party in Ohio? Please share the story on Facebook and tell us because we want to hear YOUR voice! Join us on Facebook to Stop The Takeover. Click on the button to subscribe. ",0
6033,Obamacare Architect LAUGHS About Skyrocketing Premiums [VIDEO],"Daily Caller October 27, 2016 
Ezekiel Emanuel stopped by “Morning Joe” on Wednesday to talk about the Affordable Care Act premium increases that will affect more than one million Americans. 
WATCH: 
Mika Brzezinski noted that Emanuel, one of Obama’s former advisors, is “often called one of the architects of the Affordable Care Act.” 
“How’s that working for you right now, Zeke?” chimed in Joe Scarborough. 
Emanuel’s response? 
Laughter. A d v e r t i s e m e n t 
“Be honest, though,” Scarborough continued. “Zeke only worked on the part of the Affordable Care Act that’s causing increases 25 percent on average.” 
Brzezinski stated she’s “all for it.” 
Again, Emanuel responded with a case of the giggles. This  24  ",0
6034,"Bill Clinton Speech Unveiled in Podesta31: Over 50,000 Emails Released","
Over 2,500 hacked Clinton Campaign staff emails have been released by Wikileaks, bringing the total number of emails released to over 50,000. In the most recent batch, there is a transcript of a paid speech given by Bill Clinton at a “Hillary for America” fundraiser while Hillary was secretary of state.
An email from January 2016 from Tina Flournoy, Bill Clinton’s aide, had an attached document with a transcript of a speech given by Bill Clinton at the home of Mike and Patti Miller in October 2015.
“I haven’t run for office in 20 years, and yet every election I feel like an old horse that once won a bunch of races and somebody comes to the barn, gives me an extra bale of hay, hauls me on the track and slaps me on the rump, just to see if I can get around one more time,” Bill Clinton joked.
Speaking about the presidential primary debates, Clinton said, “These people actually think they can insult their way to the White House, or compete with each other for who can say the most politically correct things.”
Speaking of the Iran nuclear deal, he said:
Even the people that don’t like this Iran nuclear agreement like the sanctions that were imposed on Iran. She did that, and she got Russia and China to go along… you don’t know yet whether this Iranian thing is going to be good or bad. It depends on whether we enforce it. And you’ve got to have somebody in there tough enough, with enough connections in these other countries, to enforce the trigger that will re-impose the sanctions if they violate the rules.
Speaking about Republicans who oppose Hillary Clinton, Bill said:
Because, don’t be fooled: these guys do a lot of serious psychological studies. And they know that if you badmouth somebody enough in the press, day in and day out, especially if you’ve got your own microphone with Fox News, even if every single charge turns out to be false, you can hurt them.
Referring to a call he received from Barack Obama to tell him that Osama Bin Laden was killed, Bill said:
I could take CIA papers every day if I wanted to. I don’t, because of Hillary’s jobs in the Senate and Secretary of State, because I give too many public speeches and I’d hate to accidentally say something that I read in a government document.
  Delivered by The Daily Sheeple 
We encourage you to share and republish our reports, analyses, breaking news and videos ( Click for details ). 
Contributed by The Daily Sheeple of www.TheDailySheeple.com . 
This content may be freely reproduced in full or in part in digital form with full attribution to the author and a link to www.TheDailySheeple.com. ",0
6035,Julian Assange’s Fate Could Be Decided by Ecuador’s Election - The New York Times,"LONDON  —   When Ecuador holds a general election on Sunday, the results could have international repercussions linked to one man thousands of miles away: Julian Assange, the founder of WikiLeaks, who took refuge in the country’s embassy in London nearly five years ago and who remains there. Mr. Assange moved into the embassy in Knightsbridge, one of the British capital’s most affluent neighborhoods, after accusations of rape in Sweden, which he has described as a   for an American effort to extradite him and try him on espionage charges. Whether Ecuador will continue its role of reluctant warden to Mr. Assange, who was granted asylum by President Rafael Correa in 2012, hinges on the outcome of the elections. Eight candidates are seeking the presidency, and at least two have said they would evict him if they won. If balloting reflects recent poll results, it is unlikely that Mr. Assange would need to pack his bags anytime soon: While Mr. Correa’s preferred successor, Lenín Moreno, is the   polls indicate that the election is likely to go to a second round, meaning that Mr. Assange’s fate may not be decided until a runoff in early April. If Guillermo Lasso of Creating Opportunities or Cynthia Viteri of the Social Christian Party pull off an upset, however, it could be a different fate altogether. “As president of this nation, I need the money used for his upkeep, for example to pay for my children’s school lunches,” Ms. Viteri said about Mr. Assange,  the newspaper El Comercio reported on Thursday. “I withdraw his asylum,” she said, “for the purchase, in my opinion, of Mr. Assange’s silence. ” She did not elaborate. Ms. Viteri was a distant third in two recent polls, with about 14 percent of support. In the past, Mr. Lasso has supported Mr. Assange’s stay at the embassy, but he expressed a different view in comments to The Guardian last week. “The Ecuadorean people have been paying a cost that we should not have to bear,” he said. “We will cordially ask Señor Assange to leave within 30 days of assuming a mandate. ” Foreign Minister Guillaume Long has rejected the idea that Mr. Assange might be forced to leave the embassy. “We’ve ratified his asylum several times, and under this government, there is no decision to revoke it at all,” he said in an interview on Friday. “Let’s not forget that Julian Assange was granted asylum on grounds of fear of possible political persecution. ” Mr. Moreno, the   did not make much of the issue of Mr. Assange’s fate during the campaign, which has focused on economic matters at a time of falling oil prices. Speculation that Mr. Assange was overstaying his welcome grew when the embassy cut off his access to the internet in October, shortly before elections in the United States. WikiLeaks had published tens of thousands of hacked emails from inside Hillary Clinton’s campaign and the Democratic National Committee. “We didn’t want any ambiguity,” Mr. Long said of his country’s decision to cut off Mr. Assange’s online access. “We wanted it to be very clear that Ecuador’s diplomatic mission was not being used in order to interfere in the U. S. electoral process. ” Mr. Long said that Mr. Assange, whom he last saw in June, lived in “extremely tough conditions,” in a small space with very little light. “London is not exactly the most luminous city, and it has a long winter,” he said. The foreign minister revealed some weariness with the length of Mr. Assange’s time at the embassy, The Guardian reported, asking for Sweden to speed up its investigation as “this has been going on for far too long. ” But in the interview on Friday, he dismissed the idea that providing refuge to Mr. Assange came at a financial cost that Ecuadoreans could not afford. Rather, he said, the cost is political. “We’ve taken a principled decision, and it speaks highly of a country that defends its ideals, not just petty interests,” he said. “Having one more person in the embassy is a marginal addition to the cost of running the embassy,” he continued. “What’s the cost of having someone in the bedroom?”",0
6036,"Tiger Woods Postpones Return, Saying He’s ‘Not Ready to Compete’ - The New York Times","Three days after Tiger Woods committed to his first PGA Tour event in 14 months, he abruptly withdrew, leaving this week’s Safeway Open with twice as many tickets sold as a year ago but a fraction of the star power. The Woods wing of fans descending on Napa, Calif. this week will still be able to see the   major winner Phil Mickelson, no small consolation prize. But the announcement of Woods’s withdrawal, first reported by Golf Channel on Monday and later confirmed by Woods in a statement posted on his website, came as the interest in his comeback had intensified into a Category 4 hype storm. It partly manifested in the gambling world: Bettors could wager on whether Woods’s first drive would find the fairway and if he would finish in the top 10. His odds of winning were listed as 40 to 1, better than all but eight players in the field. The   major winner Johnny Miller  —   an owner of the course hosting this week’s event, the PGA Tour’s season opener  —   described the straightforward layout as ideal for Woods to ease his way back into a “second career” that Miller said would produce another six or eight victories. A fellow touring pro, Jesper Parnevik, gushed about Woods’s game after playing a   practice round with him recently, telling Golf Channel, “Comebacks are never a sure thing, but something tells me his might be spectacular. ” All the talk, however well intentioned, intensified the pressure on Woods, whose final three shots in front of the public, from 100 yards out during a media day in May for a tournament that benefits his foundation, all found a water hazard. People may remember his promising finish to the season last year, when he contended before settling for a tie for 10th at the Wyndham Championship in what turned out to be his last competitive event. But it cannot be easy for Woods to forget how he started 2015: with a   withdrawal and three scores in the 80s in his first six events. Since his   season in 2013, Woods has acquired a kind of scar tissue that no amount of vitamin E will ameliorate. The only remedy for Woods is to play and accept that his shots might get worse before his scores get better. For Woods to have committed to a tournament on Friday before changing his mind three days later suggests that his problem is mental, not physical. Woods, 40, appears to be experiencing performance anxiety, and really, who in his position would not feel a little like the emperor with no game? In the statement on his website, Woods described his game as “vulnerable and not where it needs to be. ” His candid assessment called to mind a line from “I Said Yes to Everything,” the memoir of the Academy   actress Lee Grant. In it, she wrote, “The problem when you are a star, when the money rests on you as an actor, is that your freedom to fail is gone. ” Woods’s freedom to miss the first fairway or miss the cut is gone. Any other player who had been sidelined from competitive golf for more than 400 days, as Woods has, would not be expected to return and immediately resume his winning ways. Yet before he withdrew, oddsmakers were listing Woods not that far behind the favorites. Woods also pulled out of next month’s Turkish Airlines Open, which would have been his second event. “I will continue to work hard and plan to play at my foundation’s event, the Hero World Challenge,” Woods said, referring to the December event that he hosts in the Bahamas. A winner of 79 tour events, Woods missed all four majors this year for the first time since he turned pro in August 1996. He secured the first of those Tour wins 20 years ago last week. Since his successful 2013 season, Woods has had three surgical procedures and 18 tour starts. He is four major victories from equaling Jack Nicklaus’s record and three tour victories from equaling Sam Snead’s career mark. Snead and, more recently, Mickelson, Ernie Els, Vijay Singh and Steve Stricker summoned some of their best golf in their 40s. There is no reason to believe Woods cannot win again. But to succeed  —   or even start  —   this second career, as Miller called it, Woods is going to have to forget the golfer he was in his prime, the one whose goal in every event he entered was to win. “After a lot of hours,” Woods said in his statement, “I knew I wasn’t ready to compete against the best golfers in the world. ” If he compares his shots now with his shots then, Woods is never going to feel ready. That does not mean he cannot compete. He should not let the hype machine chase him into retirement just because he has a new normal. As he resets his timetable, Woods should adopt this swing thought: Perfect is the enemy of good.",0
6037,Luck Runs Out for a Leader of ‘Brexit’ Campaign - The New York Times,"LONDON  —   One day in 2004, Boris Johnson was interrupted on his morning jog by a pack of tabloid reporters massed outside his house in North London. They asked about rumors that Mr. Johnson, then editor of The Spectator magazine and a member of Parliament, had once had an extramarital affair, gotten his lover pregnant and paid for her abortion. The chronically disheveled Mr. Johnson, wearing voluminous shorts and a bandanna decorated with skulls and crossbones, responded with his usual cocktail of charm, bluster and obfuscation. Having already dismissed the story as “a completely untrue and ludicrous conjecture,” and “an inverted pyramid of piffle,” he cheerily advised the reporters to “go for a run, get some exercise and have a beautiful day. ” He was lying. The reports were correct, and he was fired from his parliamentary job as the Conservative Party arts spokesman. But it didn’t seem to bother him too much. Mr. Johnson has always had a knack for recasting disaster as farce, and he devoted his weekly newspaper column to the virtues of being fired. “Nothing excites compassion, in friend and foe alike,” he wrote, “as much as the sight of you   on the Tarmac with your propeller buried six feet under. ” Mr. Johnson, 52, has had a singularly charmed life, always wafting upward on a Teflon cloud of charm and guile even as people have questioned his integrity, seriousness and competence. But not anymore. Having gambled his political future on the chance to lead his party and country through the aftermath of the “Brexit” referendum on whether to exit the European Union, Mr. Johnson found on Thursday that his luck had run out. He withdrew from the race. In the end, he was done in as much by his own hubris, lack of preparation and bewilderment in the face of the Brexit result as he was by the treachery and dwindling support of his colleagues. As he abandoned his campaign to be the Conservative Party leader  —   and with it, probably, his chances of ever being prime minister  —   he seemed almost relieved to be spared the burden of running the country he had done so much to destabilize. Mr. Johnson, the former mayor of London, who has not given an interview since the Brexit vote, did not respond to a message left on his parliamentary office voice mail. For a student of Shakespeare, which Mr. Johnson is (he is writing a biography) the situation was replete with ironies. A man who had spent his life behaving like Falstaff and making merry in the pub had failed to convince his party, and perhaps himself, that he had somehow suddenly turned into Prince Hal, poised to lead the country through its crisis in Europe. On Thursday, the anger at Mr. Johnson was palpable, replacing last week’s anger at Prime Minister David Cameron for calling the referendum in the first place. The sense that Mr. Johnson had presided over the Brexit campaign without a plan for what to do if it won  —   and then walked away without cleaning up his mess  —   was particularly enraging. “He’s like a general who marches his army to the sound of guns and the moment he sees the battleground abandons it,” Michael Heseltine, a Tory politician, told the BBC. “I have never seen anything like it. He ripped the Tory party apart. He has created the greatest constitutional crisis in peacetime in my life. ” Just a few days earlier, Mr. Johnson had seemed poised to coast into position as prime minister when Mr. Cameron stepped down in the fall. Outside London, at least before the referendum, he was the Conservative Party’s star candidate, a populist maverick for the times. With his air of disarrayed befuddlement, his crazy coiffure, his idiosyncratically imaginative P. G. Wodehousian locution, his habit of slipping into Latin and Greek, his       and his obvious delight in himself, he oozes a charm rarely seen in politicians. He cycles to work and carries his things in a backpack. He looks as if he’s slept in his clothes and just gotten out of bed. He has the privileged demeanor of an old Etonian (he went to school there) but a Bill Clintonesque way with crowds and an appeal that transcends class. In headlines he is “BoJo” to most Britons he is simply “Boris. ” But his surface success has always carried alongside it a reputation for lies, evasions and exaggerations, a lack of seriousness and discipline, a tendency to wade blindly into situations without thinking through their ramifications, and a perception that he puts his own ambitions first. He has a habit of deflecting tough questions and affecting an amused insouciance about his mistakes, which include fathering a child with a woman other than his wife (he and his wife, a lawyer, have four children). He is better on the big picture than he is on the details. Take last Monday’s column by Mr. Johnson in The Daily Telegraph, the first substantive statement anyone from the Brexit side had made since the vote. As chaos swirled outside and Britain waited nervously for a sign that someone had a plan, Mr. Johnson produced a shoddily prepared article that seemed uncertain of its facts and backtracked on a number of key Brexit promises. Supporters of Mr. Johnson said at the time that the article had been written hastily and turned in late and should be treated more as a first draft than as a definitive statement. In fact, it was as a journalist who played around with the facts that Mr. Johnson first made his name. He was fired from his first reporting job, at The Times of London, for inventing a quote and attributing it to an Oxford professor (who happened to be his godfather). But he was hired anyway by The Daily Telegraph and sent to Brussels in 1989 to cover the European Union. It was a boring assignment, but Mr. Johnson found a way of livening it: He made things up. His great talent was to take tiny grains of information in reports and proposals, repackage them as official European policy and present them as part of a broad narrative about Brussels’s risibility. His stories were full of   condoms, fishermen forced to wear hairnets and international disputes over cheese policy. While his stories became increasingly influential in the euroskeptic wing of the Conservative Party and in many ways set the tone for the British papers’ coverage of Europe ever since, Mr. Johnson tends to treat his approach as great fun. “I was just chucking these rocks over the garden wall and listening to this amazing crash from the greenhouse next door over in England,” he told an interviewer. “Everything I wrote from Brussels was having this amazing explosive effect on the Tory party,” he said, “and it really gave me this, I suppose, rather weird sense of power. ” After Brussels, Mr. Johnson became editor of The Spectator, which functions as a kind of house organ for conventional Conservative Party wisdom, and began writing a popular weekly column in The Daily Telegraph. In 2001 he won a seat in Parliament. I was in London at the time and wrote a profile of Mr. Johnson. He boasted to me in the   way peculiar to British   men that, trying to juggle three jobs, he was unable to do any of them properly. “Because I have no time to do it, I do it in no time,” he said of his Telegraph column. “You just whack it out. ” Mr. Johnson seemed constitutionally incapable of taking anything truly seriously. Deciding he did not feel like being photographed for The Times article, for instance, he got another man in The Spectator office to impersonate him in the photo session. The photographer duly snapped away, until the magazine’s publisher found out what was going on and made Mr. Johnson sit for the portrait. (He was 37 at the time.) Around that time Mr. Johnson also became a bona fide celebrity, honing his trademark persona as a hyperarticulate       in a string of highly amusing appearances on the current events quiz show “Have I Got News For You. ” Viewers adored him. “His charming, bumbling buffoon image was neatly done and went down very well with audiences,” said Ian Hislop, editor of Private Eye magazine and a panelist on the show. In 2008, Mr. Johnson unexpectedly ran for mayor of London and, even more unexpectedly for a Conservative in a Labour city, won. The same complaints that had dogged him in the past dogged him again, along with criticisms that he had failed to address serious issues like air quality and affordable housing. “We had eight frustrating years where we’d ask detailed policy questions, and what we’d get back in response was bluster and grandiose claims,” said Joanne McCartney, a Labour Assembly member who is now deputy mayor. “If he didn’t know the answer to the question, which was a regular occurrence, he’d use bluster and wit to avoid answering. ” Mr. Johnson all along denied that he wanted to be prime minister, saying it was about as likely as his being “reincarnated as an olive. ” But he has always been wittier, quicker and more charismatic than Mr. Cameron. The 2012 London Olympics proved the perfect showcase for his    anarchic wit. Filmed stranded haplessly on a malfunctioning zipwire, Mr. Johnson took an incident that would have humiliated most other politicians and somehow used it to burnish his appeal. (A photograph of the dangling Mr. Johnson was used to quite different effect last week on the cover of the French newspaper Libération.) Mr. Cameron has always been threatened by Mr. Johnson his efforts to slough off the mayor as a kind of amusing Tory mascot never worked. But it wasn’t until Mr. Johnson betrayed the prime minister by throwing his support behind the Brexit campaign that the party saw the extent of his ambition. Before now, Mr. Johnson has rarely been confronted by a situation he could not maneuver his way through. But a harbinger came in March, when he was summoned before a House of Commons committee and forensically interrogated by its   Tory chairman, Andrew Tyrie, about a series of statements he had made over the years about Europe. Mr. Johnson tried his normal humorous approach. Asked, for instance, about his assertion that the European Union has a law saying that balloons cannot be blown up by children under 8 (it doesn’t) he deflected the question, saying, “In my household, only children under 8 are allowed to blow up balloons. ” He continued in this vein throughout the session, as Mr. Tyrie peered unsmilingly at him, acid in his voice. “This is all very interesting, Boris,” Mr. Tyrie said at one point. “Except none of it is really true, is it?”",0
6038,D.C. Will Create $500K ’Legal Fund’ for Migrants,"The nation’s capital is planning to use $500, 000 to help migrants circumvent deportation under   Donald Trump’s and help pay the legal bills for individuals looking to apply for asylum. [The money will go from the pockets of Washington D. C.’s taxpayers to the coffers of defense lawyers who are willing to represent the region’s estimated 25, 000 illegal immigrants in court, the Washington Post reported.  Mayor Muriel E. Bowser said her city was “doubling down” on their sanctuary city status, saying the illegal immigrant population would be supported by the “legal community. ” “We must ensure that all District residents can take advantage of their federal and constitutional rights,” Bowser told the Post. “If immigration enforcement changes and problems arise, D. C.’s immigrant population will have our support and the support of D. C.’s legal community. ” Washington is not the first in the country to begin a legal fund for migrants. Los Angeles, California, has started a much more significant fund, with nearly $10 million expected to be set aside to pay for the legal expenses of the area’s massive illegal immigrant population, as Breitbart Texas reported. John Binder is a contributor for Breitbart Texas. Follow him on Twitter at @JxhnBinder.",0
6039,SHOCKER!!! Left Wing MSNBC commentator Chris Mathews has just endorsed Donald Trump for president,"SHOCKER!!! Left Wing MSNBC commentator Chris Mathews has just endorsed Donald Trump for president In the meantime, Hillary Clinton has just ordered a fireworks display to celebrate her winning the election on Nov. 8th. But this could blow up in her face! Hillary Clinton may have lit the fuse for her victory celebration a little too soon — by planning an Election Night explosion of fireworks over the Hudson River in New York City. NY Post NYC Cops and firefighters were blown away by Clinton’s hubris in planning the fireworks display, which would eclipse the shower of blazing sparkles that preceded the balloon drop at July’s Democratic National Convention. Somebody asked “If she loses, will she take the displsy over to the East Side and sell it to Trump for half-price?”",0
6040,Spokesman’s Death Will Have Islamic State Turning to Its ‘Deep Bench’ - The New York Times,"WASHINGTON  —   The reported death of the Islamic State’s senior propagandist and strategist, Abu Muhammad   in an American drone strike in northern Syria on Tuesday casts in sharp relief the immediate challenge the terrorist group faces in replacing one of its pivotal founding members. The attack, carried out by a military Reaper drone, also underscores the progress the military’s most elite Special Operations commandos and the Central Intelligence Agency have made in the conflict’s two years by using information from spies on the ground and sensors in the sky to target a growing number of Islamic State leaders. The   coalition has killed about 120 important Islamic State officials and operators, including about a dozen of the group’s top leaders, according to the Pentagon. Still, the Islamic State has proved to be remarkably resilient, American officials and counterterrorism specialists say, noting that the group, also known as ISIS or ISIL, has succession plans to replace even its top leader, Abu Bakr   should he be killed. “There’s a deep bench,” said William McCants of the Brookings Institution, the author of “The ISIS Apocalypse. ” In the coming days, Mr. Baghdadi is likely to meet with his shura, or council of advisers, in Raqqa, the group’s   capital in Syria, to pick a replacement for Mr. Adnani, a    Syrian, who had been believed to be Mr. Baghdadi’s heir apparent. Among the candidates to replace Mr. Adnani is Turki   31, one of the most senior clerics of the Islamic State, who is believed to have been appointed the group’s chief mufti. A native of Bahrain, Mr. Binali is considered a prodigy who studied under some of the top leaders in the jihadi pantheon, including Abu Muhammad   who is regarded as one of the most influential Al Qaeda ideologues. “Even more important than that is that he is an extremely talented speaker, orator  —   kind of like Adnani,” said Cole Bunzel, a doctoral candidate at Princeton who who wrote a Brookings Institution paper on the ideology of the Islamic State. As early as 2013, Mr. Binali is believed to have traveled to join ISIS in Syria, where he began producing some of the group’s most influential theological treatises which laid the foundation for the group’s future actions. On April 30, 2014, he published an essay arguing that one does not need to have full territorial control before declaring an Islamic caliphate. The concept of territorial control was believed by many to be a prerequisite for a caliphate, said Mr. Bunzel, and Mr. Binali’s essay served to clear the way for the declaration of the caliphate months later in the summer of 2014. Mr. Bunzel said he suspected that it was Mr. Binali who headed the Islamic State’s Research and Fatwa Department, which issued pamphlets explaining the legality of raping enslaved Yazidi women. United States intelligence officials said Mr. Binali may have also traveled recently to Libya to help ISIS bolster its franchise there, an affiliate group that in recent weeks has been driven out of its stronghold in Surt. Laith Alkhouri, a director at Flashpoint, a business risk intelligence company in New York that tracks militant and cyber threats, said that while Mr. Binali is certainly a contender for a greater leadership role, he may have been marginalized in recent months. If so, Mr. Alkhouri said, another candidate could be Abu Luqman, also known as Ali Mousa   who was the first wali, or ruler, in Raqqa and led much of the ISIS strategy in Aleppo in 2015. Mr. Alkhouri said Mr. Luqman fits the characteristics of someone ISIS would trust as spokesman. He was imprisoned by the Syrian government before the revolution, holds a law degree and worked as a recruiter for the forerunner of ISIS during the United States occupation of Iraq. Mr. Luqman has been reported killed several times: once in an airstrike, another time by being stabbed by a Libyan fighter who was displeased by Mr. Luqman’s treatment of foreign fighters. His death has never been officially confirmed. The person who takes Mr. Adnani’s place will undoubtedly work closely with Mr. Baghdadi, the organization’s shadowy leader. Mr. Baghdadi meets periodically with regional emirs at his headquarters in Raqqa. To ensure his safety, special drivers pick up each of the emirs and take their cellphones and any other electronics to avoid inadvertently disclosing their location through tracking by American intelligence, United States officials said. The high stakes at play in the apparent death of Mr. Adnani were revealed on Wednesday when the Russian military said that its warplanes had carried out a strike in Syria that killed up to 40 Islamic State fighters, including Mr. Adnani. The Russian announcement appeared to be a direct challenge to the Pentagon, which claimed a day earlier that one of its drone strikes had killed the senior figure. Pentagon officials dismissed Russia’s claim, but have not confirmed the reports by ISIS’s official news agency that Mr. Adnani was killed. Russia has faced criticism from the West that its military intervention in Syria was undertaken to prop up President Bashar   of Syria, rather than to fulfill the Kremlin’s stated goal of fighting terrorism. This is the first public announcement from Russia that it had killed a specific senior figure in the terrorist group. For more than two years, Mr. Adnani had a $5 million bounty on his head, offered by the United States, and he was on the kill list for the   air campaign in Iraq and Syria. It is unclear how the United States identified and tracked Mr. Adnani, but his death, if confirmed, would highlight the ability of American agencies to collect and coordinate information gathered from raids on ISIS safe houses. Such raids produce intelligence from cellphones and computer hard drives and other information that is combined with an increasingly effective network of spies and informants to put pressure on ISIS leaders. That pressure may have been why Mr. Adnani was in the region of northern Syria where his vehicle was struck by Hellfire missiles on Tuesday night. Al Bab, where Mr. Adnani’s vehicle was hit, has become one of several hubs for ISIS operatives in recent years, in part because it is the largest population center near the Turkish border that the group still controls, a place where ISIS figures can try to disappear among what’s left of an urban population. Al Bab has been devastated over the years, its civilian population caught between the brutal rule of the Islamic State and indiscriminate barrel bombings and airstrikes by the Syrian government. It is the biggest ISIS stronghold in Aleppo Province, a territory that is increasingly embattled. The area that ISIS holds along the Turkish border, separating two Kurdish enclaves, is under pressure from several directions. A new Turkish incursion, with artillery, tanks and air power backing a ground force of   and   Syrian rebels, has increased the fighting as it seizes new territory from ISIS and as the new force clashes with   militias also fighting ISIS. ISIS established itself early on in northern Aleppo Province, but was driven out of many towns and villages in early 2014 by rival insurgent groups, including United   rebels. The group was pushed to the east, leaving ISIS in control only of a strip of northeastern Aleppo Province anchored by Al Bab.",0
6041,"O’Reilly on Reports of Strife in the WH: ’Fake’ News, ’Crisis Is Being Manufactured’ - Breitbart","Thursday on his “No Spin News” podcast, Bill O’Reilly weighed in on CNN reporting that there was a crisis within the members of the White House.  According to O’Reilly, the supposed crisis is “fake” and is being “manufactured” by mainstream media to hurt President Donald Trump’s ability to govern. Partial transcript as follows: So in the midst of this big story, terror story, in England and the president speaking to the Pope and then going to NATO in Belgium, what do I see on CNN? White House in crisis. This is what they’re doing. This is what their lead was last night. I mean, I’m saying to myself, am I not living in the real world anymore? White House in crisis. What crisis? What crisis? There is an investigation going on on whether Russians were able to compromise people like General Michael Flynn, and Paul Manafort, who worked for Trump briefly in his campaign. Were they able, the Russians, to compromise those people in some way? That’s the investigation. OK, that’s where we are right now. That’s a White House in crisis? See this is all fake. It is fake. The crisis is being manufactured. Now that being said, it could down the road lead to something more. It’s possible. I want to know. Mueller is investigating now, the FBI is investigating, and two congressional committees are investigating. That’s four. So I assume we’re going to get to the bottom of it. But in the meantime, the   media is going to gin it up every single crisis, crisis, crisis. And what does that do? It hurts the president’s ability to govern because he’s always on the defensive. (  RCP Video) Follow Trent Baker on Twitter @MagnifiTrent",0
6042,Obama’s State Department Sponsored 2016 Meeting of Russian Ambassador with Sen. Sessions - Breitbart,"President Barack Obama’s Department of State sponsored the July event in Ohio where Sen. Jeff Sessions met the Russian ambassador for the second time in 2016, according to the organizers of the event. [The July 20 meeting in Cleveland was used by the Washington Post’s March 1 headline to double the number of meetings where Sessions met with Russians in 2016. “Sessions met with Russian envoy twice last year, encounters he later did not disclose,” said the headline, which has created a   as Democratic partisans push for Sessions’ resignation from his post as the nation’s Attorney General, amid Democratic claims that the Russian government helped Donald Trump win the 2016 election.  The   event was hosted by a civic organization, Global Cleveland, whose website cites the state department’s role: On Tuesday, July 19, Global Cleveland welcomed roughly 80 international ambassadors to its Global Partners in Diplomacy reception at Severance Hall. The event, coordinated in partnership with the 2016 Republican National Convention and the U. S. Department of State, introduced the ambassadors to nearly 200 of Northeast Ohio’s civic and corporate leaders.   …    . The [first] evening’s keynote speaker, U. S. Senator Bob Corker, chairman of the Senate Committee on Foreign Relations, stressed the importance of understanding what “having people of different backgrounds and origins means to your community. ”   …     Click here to see pictures from the event: https:  . facebook.   ? tab=albumalbum_id=1105759579497225, The July 19 activities were covered by Cleveland. com, which quotes one of the organizers saying “We are working very closely with the State Department and the RNC to make sure folks coming to Cleveland are filled in with everything they need to know about, including that Cleveland is awesome. ” The revelation of the State Department’s role in arranging Sessions’ brief meeting with the Russian ambassador comes as news reports sketch out a large effort by deputies working for outgoing President Barack Obama to track and disseminate information about Donald Trump and his deputies. The Washington Post article used the Ohio event to justify its   claim that Sessions held “meetings” with the Russian ambassador, Sergei Kisylak. According to the article’s lede:  . Jeff Sessions ( .) spoke twice last year with Russia’s ambassador to the United States, Justice Department officials said, encounters he did not disclose when asked about possible contacts between members of President Trump’s campaign and representatives of Moscow during Sessions’s confirmation hearing to become attorney general  …     The previously undisclosed discussions could fuel new congressional calls for the appointment of a special counsel to investigate Russia’s alleged role in the 2016 presidential election. But the Washington Post only briefly described the Ohio meeting in the 32nd and 33rd paragraphs of the story, saying: Two months before the September meeting, Sessions attended a Heritage Foundation event in July on the sidelines of the Republican National Convention that was attended by about 50 ambassadors. When the event was over, a small group of ambassadors approached Sessions as he was leaving the podium, and Kislyak was among them, the Justice Department official said. Sessions then spoke individually to some of the ambassadors, including Kislyak, the official said. In the informal exchanges, the ambassadors expressed appreciation for his remarks and some of them invited him to events they were sponsoring, said the official, citing a former Sessions staffer who was at the event. Sessions said he also met the Russian ambassador in September, with two of his senior staff. The meeting became “testy” when the subject of Ukraine was broached, he said at a March 2 press conference.    ",0
6043,Breitbart News Daily: Terror in London - Breitbart,"On the Thursday edition of Breitbart News Daily, broadcast live on SiriusXM Patriot Channel 125 from 6AM to 9AM Eastern, Breitbart London    Raheem Kassam will offer the latest analysis of Wednesday’s terror attack in London. [He’ll be joined by Dr. Alan Mendoza, the Founder and Executive Director of the Henry Jackson Society Phillip Haney, former Department of Homeland Security official and author of See Something, Say Nothing: A Homeland Security Officer Exposes the Government’s Submission to Jihad and Dr. Sebastian Gorka, Deputy Assistant to President Trump and author of the bestselling book Defeating Jihad: The Winnable War.  Rep. Dave Brat ( ) will discuss the latest developments regarding House Speaker Paul Ryan’s Obamacare replacement bill, which is coming under intense criticism from all quarters and has been dubbed “Ryancare,” “ ” and “ ” by critics. The bill is expect to face a House vote on Thursday. We’ll also hear from former UN ambassador John Bolton about FBI director James Comey’s testimony on Capitol Hill, the latest revelations about the leaking of classified intelligence, Trump’s proposed defense budget, and the terror attack in London. Live from London, Rome, and Jerusalem, Breitbart correspondents will provide updates on the latest international news. Breitbart News Daily is the first live, conservative radio enterprise to air seven days a week. SiriusXM Vice President for news and talk Dave Gorab called the show “the conservative news show of record. ” Follow Breitbart News on Twitter for live updates during the show. Listeners may call into the show at:   .",0
6044,DOJ's Loretta Lynch Tried To Squash Comey's Letter To Congress,"Source: Zero Hedge 

by Tyler Durden
Oct 29, 2016 

Last night a leaked memo was revealed, indicating FBI director James Comey's stated reasons for reopening the Clinton email probe upon discovering what now appear to be tens of thousands of Huma Abedin emails located on Anthony Weiner's notebook. Comey revealed two core reasons for the action: a sense of obligation to lawmakers and a concern that word of the new email discovery would leak to the media and raise questions of a coverup. What he did not reveal, and as has emerged overnight from a report by the New Yorker's Jane Mayer, is that Comey also acted in contravention to DOJ practices, and more importantly, acted contrary to the ""preference"" of DOJ head Loretta Lynch, whose infamous meeting with Bill Clinton on the Phoenix tarmac at the end of June will likely be reassessed in light of these latest revelations. 


According to the New Yorker, ""Comey's decision to make public new evidence that may raise additional legal questions about Clinton was contrary to the views of the Attorney General, according to a well-informed Administration official. Lynch expressed her preference that Comey follow the department's longstanding practice of not commenting on ongoing investigations, and not taking any action that could influence the outcome of an election, but he said that he felt compelled to do otherwise. "" 
Traditionally, the Justice Department has advised prosecutors and law enforcement to avoid any appearance of meddling in the outcome of elections, even if it means holding off on pressing cases . One former senior official recalled that Janet Reno, the Attorney General under Bill Clinton, ""completely shut down the prosecution of a politically sensitive criminal target prior to an election . ""She was adamant—anything that could influence the election had to go dark,"" the former official said. Please go to Zero Hedge to read the entire article. ",0
6045,A.C.C. Pulls League Championships Out of North Carolina - The New York Times,"The Atlantic Coast Conference announced Wednesday that it would move   championships for this academic year, including its football title game in December and its women’s basketball tournament in March, out of North Carolina in reaction to a state law that curbed   protections for lesbian, gay, bisexual and transgender people. The decision came two days after the N. C. A. A. announced that it would move championship games for the coming year, including six in the Division I men’s basketball tournament, touching off contentious debate between opponents of the law, who praised the N. C. A. A. for taking a stand, and supporters of the law, who said the association was inappropriately inserting itself into politics. “The A. C. C. Council of Presidents made it clear that the core values of this league are of the utmost importance and the opposition to any form of discrimination is paramount,” Commissioner John Swofford said in a statement. “Today’s decision is one of principle. ” The A. C. C. ’s action was not only another blow to the state, but one sure to hit home in every sense: Four of the conference’s 15 members are in the state, and the conference has its headquarters in Greensboro. “When you’re talking about native North Carolinians, and particularly those of us who grew up in the A. C. C. this is a pretty powerful statement against the birthplace of that conference,” said J. Michael Bitzer, a political science professor at Catawba College in Salisbury, N. C. The law, commonly referred to as House Bill 2 or H. B. 2, nullified local government ordinances establishing   protections for lesbian, gay, bisexual and transgender people, and requires people in publicly owned buildings to use restrooms that correspond with the genders listed on their birth certificates. The statute is the subject of federal lawsuits. James P. Clements, the president of Clemson, said: “The decision to move the   championships out of North Carolina while H. B. 2 remains the law was not an easy one, but it is consistent with the shared values of inclusion and nondiscrimination at all of our institutions. ” In recent days, athletic directors at North Carolina’s four A. C. C. member universities  —   the University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill North Carolina State Duke and Wake Forest  —   issued statements expressing concern about the law or its effects. In a joint statement, the chancellors of U. N. C. and North Carolina State, Carol L. Folt and Randy Woodson, said Wednesday: “We appreciate the Council of Presidents’ reaffirmation of the A. C. C. ’s strong commitment to diversity and inclusion,” adding, “However, we regret today’s decision will negatively affect many North Carolinians, especially in the affected host communities. ” Hours after the A. C. C. announced its move, Gov. Pat McCrory, who is seeking   this fall, used a statement to repeat, verbatim, 67 of the words he used Tuesday to comment about the N. C. A. A.’s decision. Mr. McCrory, on Tuesday and Wednesday, said he encouraged “all public and private institutions to both respect and allow our nation’s judicial system to proceed without economic threats or political retaliation. ” Mr. McCrory did not specifically criticize the A. C. C. but this week, he described the N. C. A. A. as “a     monopoly” that had not demonstrated respect for  . The speaker of the North Carolina House of Representatives, Tim Moore, said the decisions by the N. C. A. A. and the A. C. C. were “very unfortunate. ” “No one ever wants to lose events under any circumstances, but these organizations are certainly entitled to host their events wherever they choose,” Mr. Moore, a Republican who supports H. B. 2, said. “The truth remains that this law was never about and does not promote discrimination. ” Mr. McCrory’s Democratic rival, Roy Cooper, the state’s attorney general, said in a video released Wednesday that the governor had shown “no leadership. ” “This is not just about sports,” Mr. Cooper said. “This is about communities in North Carolina suffering real economic blows. ” The conference, which said it would announce future sites, has just a few weeks to relocate its first affected championship, for women’s soccer, which had been scheduled to take place in Cary beginning Oct. 30, and less than three months to find a new venue for its marquee event, the football championship game, scheduled for Bank of America Stadium in Charlotte on Dec. 3. Six other championships featuring sports like men’s and women’s swimming and diving, men’s golf and baseball are scheduled to be held at   venues. The men’s A. C. C. basketball tournament, frequently held in the state, was already set to be staged at Barclays Center in Brooklyn. Some championships hosted by specific universities will not be affected, like the men’s and women’s   championships at North Carolina State. Beyond those championships and   A. C. C. games, the other major college sports event set to take place in the state is the Belk Bowl, which will pit an A. C. C. football team against one from the Southeastern Conference on Dec. 29 in Charlotte. The Charlotte Sports Foundation, which hosts the Belk Bowl and the A. C. C. football championship, said in a statement Wednesday that it was “disappointed” that the football title game was moving, adding, “We recognize the economic impact moving the game and its events have on the Charlotte area. ” Frank Kay, a spokesman for the host organization, said there were no talks about relocating the Belk Bowl. Mr. Swofford had presaged the A. C. C. ’s decision in a statement late Monday night, saying that the N. C. A. A.’s action “continues to build upon the negative impact” the law “has already had on the state” and adding that he personally felt the law should “be repealed as it’s counter to basic human rights. ” Charlotte, which is North Carolina’s largest city and which Mr. McCrory governed as mayor for 14 years, has been especially hard hit by the fallout from the law. In addition to the A. C. C. title game, the National Basketball Association’s 2017   Game was withdrawn from the city this summer in reaction to the law. Charlotte’s municipal efforts to strengthen legal protections for transgender people were part of what prodded the General Assembly to pass H. B. 2. “The cancellation of the 2016 A. C. C. football championship is a blow to Charlotte’s visitor economy and is irreplaceable at this late date,” said Tom Murray, the chief executive of the Charlotte Regional Visitors’ Authority, which estimated that the A. C. C. ’s 2015 football title game had an economic impact of more than $32 million. But the mounting economic toll spreads far beyond Charlotte, ensnaring cities like Greensboro and Cary, which is just outside Raleigh and had been scheduled to host N. C. A. A. championships in baseball, lacrosse, tennis and soccer. Mayor Nancy Vaughan of Greensboro, whose father was a longtime A. C. C. official, said in an interview Tuesday, “We are in the process right now of bidding games and tournaments for the next four years, so we are really looking at the possibility of a   drought. ” Scott Dupree, the executive director of the Greater Raleigh Sports Alliance, said that for sports events in North Carolina, this week has been “unprecedented and historically bad, probably the worst ever in terms of lost business and damage to our brand. ”",0
6046,Comment on WikiLeaks emails show Clinton aide says Foundation paid for Chelsea’s wedding by Dr. Eowyn,"Posted on November 7, 2016 by DCG | 3 Comments 
That’s how the Clintons roll… 
From Fox News : Former President Bill Clinton’s top aide wrote in 2012 that Chelsea Clinton used Clinton Foundation resources “for her wedding and life for a decade” and a top Foundation donor was responsible for “killing” unfavorable press coverage – all as an internal Foundation audit uncovered numerous conflicts of interest and “quid pro quo benefits,” according to emails released Sunday by WikiLeaks. 
Doug Band, founder of global strategies company Teneo and Bill Clinton’s personal assistant since the 1990s, wrote the Jan. 4, 2012, email to future Hillary Clinton presidential campaign chair John Podesta and two other Clinton aides after receiving word that Chelsea had told “one of the [President] bush 43 kids” and others about “an internal investigation of money within the foundation.” Band wrote such chatter was “not smart.” Bill Clinton and Doug Band 
“The investigation into her getting paid for campaigning, using foundation resources for her wedding and life for a decade, taxes on money from her parents….,” Band wrote . “ I hope that you will speak to her and end this[.] Once we go down this road….” 
The FBI reportedly is looking into The Clinton Foundation, although the extent and focus of the investigation is unclear. Hillary Clinton, the Democratic presidential nominee, had previously said some of the “personal” emails she deleted from her secret, homebrew server – the subject of another FBI probe – were related to Chelsea’s wedding. 
Band’s email, which was revealed after Podesta’s Gmail account was hacked and subsequently uploaded to WikiLeaks, came at a time of turmoil and upheaval within The Clinton Foundation. Aside from the internal audit, previous emails show a prolonged effort to untangle Teneo from the Foundation. When Band launched the company in summer 2011, he was still employed by the Foundation and Bill Clinton was listed as a Teneo adviser. 
But after much haggling, Clinton’s and Band’s roles were clearly delineated: Band continued on as a personal aide to Clinton and Clinton became a Teneo client. During the back-and-forth that produced the final document spelling out each of the men’s roles, Band on Nov. 12, 2011 wrote an 11-page memo outlining how Teneo was created and how it had helped to enrich Clinton and the Foundation . In that draft of the memo, Band wrote he had “sought to leverage my activities, including my partner role at Teneo, to support and to raise funds for the Foundation.” 
“I am sure I have done so imperfectly,” he added. Marc Lasry and Bill Clinton 
In another section of the memo, which was later deleted, Band wrote about billionaire hedge fund manager Marc Lasry as a “good example of the complex relationships a friend/supporter can have within the foundation.” Chelsea Clinton worked for Lasry, Lasry held Foundation fundraisers and Band was a paid adviser for Lasry’s firm, Avenue Capital, an investment company whose holding American Media Inc. publishes The National Enquirer. 
But fundraisers and jobs weren’t Lasry’s lone contribution to Team Clinton. 
“He has been helpful on a number of fronts, including … responding favorably to our requests to use his plane for Foundation and the Clintons’ personal purposes, killing potential unfavorable stories in the Enquirer [of which he owns a controlling share of the debt]…” Band wrote. 
Less than a month after Band’s Teneo memo went out, lawyers from Simpson, Thacher & Bartlett LLP, the firm contracted to run the internal Foundation audit, emailed a draft of a governance memorandum and recommendations to Podesta, who was serving as a special adviser to the Foundation, and Bruce Lindsey, then the Foundation’s CEO. 
The audit draft noted substantial issues, including a Conflict-of-Interest Policy that had not been implemented, conflicts that were not disclosed in a timely fashion and board members not following the policy when they became aware of conflicts. 
“In addition, some interviewees reported conflicts of those raising funds or donors, some of whom may have an expectation of quid pro quo benefits in return for gifts,” according to the Dec. 5, 2011, draft. Another section of the document noted that “interviewees also mentioned instances in which gifts and payments received by staff had not been properly disclosed.” 
There were other problems, including 1,298 “complimentary” $20,000 memberships for the Clinton Global Initiative as opposed to just 500 paid memberships. Of the “complimentary” group, “276 were coded ‘discretionary,’” the audit noted. “Interviewees informed us that there is no transparency into how the comp list is developed,” the document stated. 
The lawyers conducting the audit also noticed problems in the Foundation’s IRS Form 990, the tax return document of an organization that is exempt from income tax. While charitable groups are allowed to pay board members and staff a reasonable salary, none of the reasonable compensation calculations identified by the lawyers were ever done, the 990 form showed. The lawyers also wrote the 990 indicated the Foundation had a written conflict-of-interest policy that was enforced. 
“However, we did not find evidence of that enforcement,” the memo stated. 
Other problems included a “very small” Foundation Board “comprised solely of ‘insiders’”; unsigned Board minutes that “appear to have been cloned from one year to the next; “material weaknesses” in the “segregation of accounting duties, review of journal entries, audit adjustments and financial statement preparation, and lack of Board meetings.” 
DCG",0
6047,"Friday Mailbag: Faulty Headlines, Insensitive Descriptions - The New York Times","On Wednesday, President Trump rescinded protections for transgender students that had allowed them to use bathrooms according to their gender identity, an issue that has roiled recent political discourse. Earlier in the week, one vigilant reader pointed out language that he felt needlessly distinguished between biologically born women and transgender women. The line came in a column on the resistance discussions to Trump’s agenda that are taking place over dinners in private homes. The public editor’s take: The reader has a good point. I’m not sure this was a distinction worth making in the first place. Over the weekend and into Monday, letters came in referring to another topic at the forefront of the new White House’s agenda lately  —   illegal immigration. Several readers found headlines misleading in their descriptions of a new Trump proposal. The public editor’s take:  The head of the copy desk, Jill Taylor, agrees with the reader that “illegal” would have made for a clearer headline, though she pointed out that, for space reasons, the desk took a calculated risk that readers who’ve been paying at least a little attention would not equate “immigrants” with all immigrants. Two reactions from me. First, I sympathize, as always, with the dilemma of the copy editor trying to fit “undocumented immigrants” into a headline. But making the choice to lose the qualifier distorts the meaning. Headlines that refer only to “immigrants” makes it sound like a World War    . Deporting immigrants who are undocumented, and thus here illegally, is a much smaller subset of all immigrants, and aggressive deportation of this group has been pursued in past administrations too. Plus, with the occasional confusion that some White House directives are producing, clarity on what in fact is happening becomes all the more crucial. Readers also took issue this week with another headline, this one on a story about the sentencing of an Israeli soldier who killed an unconscious Palestinian attacker. Specifically, readers were upset that the print headline didn’t note the Palestinian had been the initial aggressor when he carried out a stabbing attack at an Israeli checkpoint in March before being killed. The print headline read: “Israeli Soldier Who Killed Wounded Palestinian Gets 18 Months. ” The digital headline, on the other hand, read: “Elor Azaria, Israeli Soldier Who Killed Wounded Assailant, Gets 18 Months in Prison. ” The public editor’s take: It can often be difficult to sort through the competing claims of biased reporting in coverage of the Middle East, with views so hardened on both sides and emotions running high. This headline, however, does seem to miss the mark by failing to signal a core element of the story.  Headlines were the hot topic of the week: Another one that stoked the anger of readers was on the home page, and pointed to a story about Milo Yiannopoulos’s fall. The headline read: “Star of the   Backs   Sex, and Is Shunned. ” We asked Michael Owen, editor of the news desk, for his view. The public editor’s take: I have in fact written about this issue before, including a headline on a story about a Montana judge who sentenced a man to two months in prison for raping his preteen daughter. The Times headline at one point referred to him as having sex with his daughter. In this case, I appreciate what the editors were thinking in addressing the headline  —   that they were trying to capture Yiannopoulos’s perspective. But the headline speaks from the voice of The Times, and, as written, it swaps the language of assault for the language of sex. Before Trump appointed Lt. Gen. H. R. McMaster as his new national security adviser, The Times ran a story on a possible choice who turned down the job. The article concluded with a sentence about another contender for the post, the former general and director of the C. I. A. David Petraeus. The line stood out to several readers: “Mr. Petraeus resigned from the C. I. A. in 2012 after admitting that he had an extramarital affair. ” The public editor’s take: Here’s a case of applying a little too much haste in describing Petraeus’s checkered past. An editor I spoke with agreed. Obviously, in the case of the fallen general, it would have been more accurate to attribute his ouster to his mishandling of classified material.  Returning to our hot topic of the week, it may have taken the military backgrounds of the men in line for the national security adviser position  —   or simply rabid fandom of “Apocalypse Now” and its Wagner helicopter scene  —   to have spotted the issue with the following headline: “New Slopes in South Korea. ” The public editor’s take: I’m guessing not too many editors have served, though in this case it seemed obvious that the reference was to the ski slope picture above the headline.  Far away from Korea, in the Bensonhurst neighborhood of Brooklyn, Uzbeks of Korean descent run a restaurant that The Times recently reviewed. The review ran with a slide show, and one of the photos was removed after readers commented. We went to the editor of the review, Patrick Farrell, for an explanation. The public editor’s take: Seems like a reasonable approach and responsible outcome to me. Finally, one reader objected to a line in a piece on a Republican plan to replace the Affordable Care Act. We agree.",0
6048,Hacked Transcripts Reveal a Genial Hillary Clinton at Goldman Sachs Events - The New York Times,"In a 2013 paid speech hosted by Goldman Sachs, Hillary Clinton said she had not yet decided whether she would run for president again. But she did offer some friendly advice to the bank’s chief executive, Lloyd Blankfein, when he asked what he would need to do to mount his own hypothetical bid. “I think you would leave Goldman Sachs and start running a soup kitchen somewhere,” Mrs. Clinton said. “Then you could be a legend in your own time, both when you were there and when you left. ” Mrs. Clinton’s campaign declined to release transcripts of her speeches to Wall Street firms during the Democratic primary contests, when her rival, Senator Bernie Sanders of Vermont, intensely criticized her for accepting roughly $225, 000 per speech. But on Saturday, transcripts of three appearances at Goldman Sachs events were released by WikiLeaks, part of a trove of thousands of emails obtained by hackers who illegally breached the email account of one of Mrs. Clinton’s top aides. The genial relationship she appeared to have with Mr. Blankfein and other Wall Street executives at the events would not have served Mrs. Clinton well in the Democratic primary contests, when Mr. Sanders used the speeches to portray her as being too close to Wall Street. But for Mrs. Clinton, who is often criticized as overly scripted, her relaxed,    exchanges at these private events also revealed a side that she has struggled to show voters under the intense glare of a presidential race. While the emails released last week showed Mrs. Clinton’s cadre of campaign aides agonizing over jokes she should tell in public and calculating political implications, the transcripts revealed Mrs. Clinton freely dispensing her own quick wit before a   audience. In one    session with Mr. Blankfein, Mrs. Clinton relayed an argument she had had as secretary of state, when she tried to persuade a Chinese diplomat that his country had no more right to claim the South China Sea than the United States had to the Pacific Ocean. “He says to me, ‘We’ll, you know, we’ll claim Hawaii,’” Mrs. Clinton told Mr. Blankfein. “And I said: ‘Yeah, but we have proof we bought it. Do you have proof you bought any of these places you’re claiming? ’” Mr. Blankfein interjected: “But they have to take New Jersey. ” “No, no, no,” Mrs. Clinton said. “We’re going to give them a red state. ” At these events, which took place in June and October of 2013, Mrs. Clinton repeatedly demurred when asked about her future plans, but it was also clear she was contemplating the political landscape if she were to run again. Mrs. Clinton said that if she mounted a presidential campaign, she would need to begin raising money in 2014 or “early the following year. ” And she expressed concerns about how the news media covered campaigns. “Our political press has just been captured by trivia,” Mrs. Clinton said at a C. E. O. conference in South Carolina at which Mr. Blankfein moderated a discussion. “And so you don’t want to give them any more time to trivialize the importance of the issues than you have to give them. You want to be able to wait as long as possible. ” Excerpts from some of her speeches had previously been released by WikiLeaks, shortly after a recording surfaced in which her opponent, Donald J. Trump, made crude remarks about women. The Clinton campaign has refused to verify the authenticity of the transcripts, which came from the hacked email account of John D. Podesta, Mrs. Clinton’s campaign chairman. The campaign has blamed the Russian government for the hack and WikiLeaks  —   whose founder, Julian Assange, is a critic of Mrs. Clinton  —   for releasing the emails in a coordinated effort to help Mr. Trump, a view echoed by the Obama administration. The emails released Saturday included a fuller version of Mrs. Clinton’s previously leaked answer to a question posed by Timothy J. O’Neill, a senior Goldman executive, at a symposium hosted by the firm. Asked how Wall Street banks should approach efforts by Washington to impose tougher regulation and oversight, Mrs. Clinton made a show of empathy and spoke gently. She detailed her time working with Wall Street as a senator from New York and confided that the “conventional wisdom” of blaming Wall Street banks for the financial crisis was an “oversimplification. ” Mrs. Clinton described how banks were holding back on lending because they were “scared of regulations. ” She urged banks to allow greater transparency and help policy makers come up with solutions. “We’re all in this together,” Mrs. Clinton told the audience. Most strikingly, Mrs. Clinton did not defend the 2010   financial oversight legislation, a major achievement of President Obama and congressional Democrats in the wake of the crisis  —   and a target of Wall Street lobbying ever since. Instead, Mrs. Clinton suggested that it had been passed for “political reasons” by lawmakers panicked by their angry constituents. “I think the jury is still out on that because it was very difficult to sort of sort through it all,” Mrs. Clinton said of the overhaul. Mrs. Clinton took a far stronger line in public, particularly after she began her second bid for president. In a January 2016 speech in New York, amid her tough primary campaign with Mr. Sanders, Mrs. Clinton vowed to defend the   Act and expand financial regulation to new territory, such as hedge funds and   traders. But most of Mrs. Clinton’s insights involved foreign policy and her experiences as the nation’s top diplomat, including concerns about North Korea’s nuclear arsenal, the rise of   sentiment in China and a strikingly prescient prediction about the spread of nationalism in Europe. Mrs. Clinton presented the Pentagon’s argument against establishing a   zone in Syria, a policy that she has advocated in her 2016 campaign. Noting that American pilots would have to enforce the   zone, she said, “We’re not putting our pilots at risk,” and added, “You’re going to kill a lot of Syrians. ” Other hacked emails suggest Mrs. Clinton’s campaign had deep concerns about the Wall Street transcripts being made public. In November 2015, as Mrs. Clinton’s campaign was refusing to release transcripts of her paid speeches, her speechwriter, Dan Schwerin, suggested anonymously leaking to a reporter excerpts from one particular speech he wrote for her: A 2014 address to Deutsche Bank. In that speech, he said in the email, “I wrote her a long riff about economic fairness and how the financial industry has lost its way, precisely for the purpose of having something we could show people if ever asked what she was saying behind closed doors for two years to all those fat cats. ” He also acknowledged that it was “definitely not as tough or pointed as we would write it now. ” Another adviser, Mandy Grunwald, disagreed with Mr. Schwerin about releasing the 2014 speech. Referring to Mrs. Clinton by her initials, Ms. Grunwald argued that the speech had not been hard enough on Wall Street. The remarks, Ms. Grunwald said, “make it sound like HRC DOESN’T think the game is rigged  —   only that she recognizes that the public thinks so. ” Ms. Grunwald added: “They are angry. She isn’t. ”",0
6049,Jurors Hear Dylann Roof Explain Shooting in Video: ‘I Had to Do It’ - The New York Times,"CHARLESTON, S. C.  —   Shortly after being arrested and about 17 hours after he shot up the fellowship hall at Emanuel African Methodist Episcopal Church, Dylann S. Roof sat at an oval conference table with two F. B. I. agents and confessed  —   calmly, clinically, occasionally chortling  —   to killing nine people who he acknowledged could not have been more innocent. In a recording of the interview played on Friday during Mr. Roof’s death penalty trial here in Federal District Court, he expressed surprise when the agents told him how many had been killed. “I wouldn’t believe you,” he said after one first suggested that nine people had died. “There wasn’t even nine people there. Are you guys lying to me?” Mr. Roof, 21 at the time, told the agents he was astonished to find the church parking lot not swarming with police when he exited a side door at 9:06 p. m. on June 17, 2015. He said he had saved one of eight magazines for his Glock semiautomatic handgun, loaded with   bullets bought at Walmart, so he could kill himself if confronted by the police. Given that many mass killers do take their own lives, or are shot dead by the police, Mr. Roof’s extensive interview offered a rare courtroom glimpse deep into the mind of someone accused of such a rampage. Mr. Roof answered the agents’ questions eagerly in a    tone, his voice deeper than might be expected from his boyish appearance. He did not so much express remorse as depict his actions as necessary to retaliate for what he perceived as an epidemic of    crime. “I regret doing it a little bit,” he said, before the agents revealed to him the body count, which Mr. Roof had guessed was perhaps four or five. Once they did, and prompted him for his reaction, he said, “It makes me feel bad,” but there was little emotion in his voice. “I wouldn’t say I’m glad I did it,” he said. “I’ve done it, so”  —   he paused  —   “I had to do it. ” When one of the agents asked if he hoped to be a martyr, he answered, “Well, that would be nice, sure, but I didn’t know if that’s what would happen. ” The   interview took place at a police station in Shelby, N. C. where Mr. Roof had been arrested without incident the morning after the killings. He had been freed of his handcuffs and fortified with a Burger King hamburger provided by the Shelby officers. Mr. Roof is charged with 33 federal counts, including hate crimes resulting in death, and he is being tried only because the Justice Department rejected his offer to plead guilty in exchange for a life sentence. He also faces separate capital murder charges in a state trial scheduled for  . The racial rationale Mr. Roof provided to two F. B. I. agents, Michael E. Stansbury and Craig Januchowski, closely resembled the online manifesto he is alleged to have written shortly before the killings and a journal found afterward in his car. “Well I had to do it because somebody had to do something because, you know, black people are killing white people every day on the streets, and they rape white women, 100 white women a day,” he told the agents. “The fact of the matter is what I did is so minuscule to what they’re doing to white people every day, all the time. ” Mr. Roof, who noted the declining influence of hate groups like the Ku Klux Klan, said, “Nobody else is brave enough to do anything about it. ” In the courtroom, Mr. Roof, dressed in a gray   sweater, sometimes leafed through papers at the defense table as the grainy video recording played on several screens. Mr. Roof, who is from Eastover, near Columbia, said in the interview that he had selected Emanuel, which was founded in 1818, because he knew it was historic and that he would find a concentration of   worshiping there. He said he did not know anything specific about its history and denied that his choice had any connection to the racial outcry surrounding the shooting of a black motorist by a white police officer in North Charleston two months earlier. He also made it clear that the Wednesday night Bible study session provided an easy target. “Well it’s like this, you see, I’m not in the position, you know, by myself, you know, to go into like a black neighborhood, you know, or something like that and shoot up, you know, drug dealers or something like that,” he said. “You know what I’m saying? That’s not going to do anything. You see what I’m saying. I had to go somewhere else. ” Mr. Roof said he hoped his attack would agitate race relations and awaken white Americans to the notion that they are “  citizens. ” He said his “racial awareness” had been inspired by a Google search of the phrase “black on white crime” after the reaction to the 2012 shooting of Trayvon Martin, a black    by George Zimmerman, a neighborhood watch volunteer in Sanford, Fla. ”That was it,” he said. He said that while sitting silently through the Bible study, his weapon and ammunition concealed in a fanny pack, he considered not going through with his plan. “I could have walked out,” he said, “and you know, that’s just what I was thinking, but then I just like, I don’t know, I don’t want to say spur of the moment, but, you know, I just finally decided I had to do it. ” He had no   Mr. Roof said, and he was under the influence of nothing stronger than a few swigs of vodka. Neither he nor his family had ever been victimized by   he said. He told the agents he was trying not to think about either the dead churchgoers or how his parents might react. When the agents pushed him to declare his guilt, he chuckled. “I am guilty,” he blurted. “We all know I’m guilty. ” The jury of 18, including six alternates, heard Mr. Roof’s confession a day after prosecutors put before them a stark juxtaposition of images: first a series of videos captured by the church’s security cameras of the victims entering the church in their last hours alive, ending with Mr. Roof’s arrival, then a grisly series of crime scene photographs of the devastation inside the fellowship hall. There was the church’s pastor, the Rev. Clementa C. Pinckney, still in his dark suit, sprawled on his stomach on the floor, blood oozing brightly from his head. Susie Jackson, 87, who was shot 11 times, lay dead under one of the round tables along with Cynthia Hurd, 54, and Sharonda   45. A final scene from the security camera showed Mr. Roof exiting the church’s side door, holding the Glock at his right side and driving off in his black Hyundai Elantra. Two days after the shooting, state investigators examined the car and found handwritten letters to Mr. Roof’s parents. “I know that what I did will have repercussions on my whole family,” he wrote to his mother, “and for this, I truly am sorry. ” He added, “At this moment, I miss you very much and as childish as it sounds, I wish I was in your arms. ” On the first day of the trial, medics took a woman away from the courthouse in an ambulance. It was Mr. Roof’s mother, Amelia Cowles, and defense lawyers, in a court filing on Thursday, said she had a heart attack. There has been no word on her condition.",0
6050,Breitbart’s Frances Martel in Teen Vogue: Trump’s Support for Oppressed Latinos ’A Big Change’ from Obama - Breitbart,"Teen Vogue asked young women gathered at CPAC this weekend  —   ranging in age from 17 to 29, and traveling in from across the country  —   to evaluate President Donald Trump’s first month in office.  Breitbart News’ National Security Editor Frances Martel noted that President Trump’s support for oppressed Latino communities, particularly in Venezuela and Cuba, was a departure from the past eight years: I’m generally very satisfied with the first months because the issues I care about the most  —   human rights issues, international human rights issues, national security  —   he’s been very strong on. We just saw the wife of a Venezuelan political prisoner in the Oval Office with the president, shaking her hand and saying we are with the people of Venezuela. We haven’t gotten that. We in the Latino community haven’t gotten that much attention. That same week she was there, we had Cuban political prisoners testifying to members of Congress. That’s a big change from President Obama going to a baseball game with Raúl Castro and doing the wave. Read the rest of the responses at Teen Vogue.",0
6051,"In A Bizarre Twist, Jill Stein Could Give The Presidency To Hillary – New Century Times","Share on Facebook 
On Tuesday, researchers announced that there’s enough evidence of hacking or foul play to ask for an audit of three state’s voting tabulations: Wisconsin, Michigan and Pennsylvania. Donald Trump won those three states by a narrow margin and without them, he would have lost. 
There’s a movement to ask the Justice Department to demand the audits, but they might not have to. Help is coming from a surprising source, the Green Party presidential candidate Jill Stein. She’s calling for a recount in those three states and we can help her get one. 
“After a divisive and painful presidential race,” the Green Party candidate said in a statement, “reported hacks into voter and party databases and individual email accounts are causing many Americans to wonder if our election results are reliable.” It's official: Jill Stein announces plans to file for a recount in PA, MI & WI. From her release: pic.twitter.com/Yh0gcVBPOR 
— Alexandra Jaffe (@ajjaffe) November 23, 2016 
Stein may have a case: 
Last Thursday, the activists held a conference call with Clinton campaign chairman John Podesta and campaign general counsel Marc Elias to make their case, according to a source briefed on the call. The academics presented findings showing that in Wisconsin, Clinton received 7 percent fewer votes in counties that relied on electronic-voting machines compared with counties that used optical scanners and paper ballots. Based on this statistical analysis, Clinton may have been denied as many as 30,000 votes; she lost Wisconsin by 27,000. While it’s important to note the group has not found proof of hacking or manipulation, they are arguing to the campaign that the suspicious pattern merits an independent review — especially in light of the fact that the Obama White House has accused the Russian government of hacking the Democratic National Committee. 
Source: NY Magazine 
The math would still be tight. Michigan’s count still isn’t complete, but it’s likely that their 16 electoral votes would add to Trump’s 290. If those three states were suddenly to suddenly turn blue (Trump won the three states with a combined vote difference of just over 100,000), Trump would have 260 electoral votes and Clinton would have a total of 278 electoral votes. 270 are needed to win. 
Stein wouldn’t end up winning the election, no matter what. It’s hard to imagine what her motive would be, other than transparency and regardless of how you feel about her, that’s laudable. 
What she’s lacking so far is money. She needs to raise $2 million by Friday at 4:00 PM Central Time. So far, she’s raised less than 10 percent of that. 
Doing something like this may have its downsides, although not too far down. The confidence in the Electoral College is already eroding. There’s no reason at all that three midwestern states should prevent the clear popular winner from becoming President. The biggest risk is that disgruntled Trump supporters could lash out, but they are lashing out as winners, so let’s not let that stop us from taking the time to ensure that our democracy stays intact. ",0
6052,YouTube Restores Conservative ’Legal Insurrection’ Channel Following Backlash - Breitbart,"YouTube has restored the official channel for conservative blog Legal Insurrection following coverage from Breitbart News and a number of other media outlets. [The YouTube channel was originally removed “based on excerpts of audio of   and   speakers at the MLA Annual Meeting,” which Legal Insurrection covered —   exposing a number of individuals who wanted to lead a boycott against Israel.  In response to the coverage, the MLA filed a copyright claim against the audio of speakers recorded during the meeting, and Legal Insurrection’s channel was suspended. However, the site claims that they never received a warning or a copyright strike prior to the channel’s removal. Copyright infringements are usually sanctioned with a single strike, cautioning the channel against any further incidents. YouTube opts to remove a channel after three strikes. “While I’m glad our YouTube channel is restored, the fact remains that we were removed without any prior notice or chance to defend ourselves against what we believe are unjustified copyright claims,” said Legal Insurrection Founder William Jacobson. “We intend to fight the copyright claims if they are pursued in court. ” “It is highly questionable that MLA owns the copyright for oral presentations at the Annual Meeting, and even if it did, the limited excerpts we used from the nearly   video posted by MLA on YouTube are   fair use,” declared Legal Insurrection in a blog post last week. “What I think is really going on here is that   activists at MLA complained to MLA that MLA had posted the audio on YouTube. MLA took down its own   video and now seeks to silence our reporting. ” YouTube has previously censored conservative channels on their site, most notably targeting PragerU’s educational videos. Last year, YouTube placed some of PragerU’s videos on “restricted mode,” a mode designed to stop children from viewing inappropriate adult content. Videos covering topics such as whether George Bush lied about the Iraq War, the university “diversity scam,” and whether Sharia Law and freedom can coexist were all placed on restricted mode —   meaning the videos couldn’t be watched at schools, libraries, or on computers with parental blocks. Charlie Nash is a reporter for Breitbart Tech. You can follow him on Twitter @MrNashington or like his page at Facebook.",0
6053,EXCLUSIVE: Foreign Minister: Turkey ’Very Clear’ in Entering Syria to Defeat Islamic State - Breitbart,"WASHINGTON, D. C.  —   Turkish Foreign Minister Mevlüt Çavuşoğlu says Turkey has been “very clear” in explaining its presence in Syria: to defeat the Islamic State. [While expressing support for a political mechanism to remove dictator Bashar   Çavuşoğlu did not affirm Erdoğan’s statement expressly stating that Turkey’s army had entered Syria “to end the rule of the tyrant Assad, who terrorizes with state terror. ”   “From the beginning, our target has been very clear. We have been in Syria to defeat Daesh and to clear many cities in Manbij from Daesh and make those areas   or   zones. ” He added, “our position regarding Assad has also been very clear. Assad has killed more than 600, 000 innocent people,” he said, noting that the Syrian dictator has used chemical weapons “including chlorine gas to carry out these atrocities. ” Turkey has been accused of playing a “double game” on the Islamic State in Syria. President Erdoğan has been accused of helping the terrorist organization in their fight against Kurdish rebels and Syria’s President Bashar  . An   State militant told Newsweek in 2014 that the Islamic State saw Turkey as its ally: “ISIS commanders told us to fear nothing at all because there was full cooperation with the Turks. ” The man, who was named “Sherko Omer” for his safety, said, “ISIS and Turkey cooperate together on the ground on the basis that they have a common enemy to destroy, the Kurds. ” Last year,   reported, “The Cumhuriyet daily’s    Can Dundar and Ankara representative Erdem Gul landed behind bars Nov. 27 for reporting that Turkish intelligence shipped weapons to radical Islamists in Syria. Though they were released three months later, they eventually received jail terms for revealing state secrets. ” In October 2015, nearly 130 people were killed in Turkey after two suspected Islamic State bombers attacked a rally put on by a group of   leftists, the first of a string of bombings and mass shooting the Islamic State has taken credit for within Turkey. In November, Erdoğan announced that Turkey was in Syria “to end the rule of the tyrant   who terrorizes with state terror. ” He insisted that his forces were not in Syria for “any other reason. ” Several days later, Erdoğan reportedly clarified his statement in what was seen as backpedaling of his admission to seeing that Assad’s regime is toppled, saying instead that his troops are only in Syria to target “terror organizations. ” In the month of March 2016 alone, the   Syrian Observatory for Human Rights has documented the deaths of 2, 658 people, including 588 civilians. There were 125 children killed in the conflict. They died in bombings, by mortars, IEDs or random gunfire. Çavuşoğlu asked, “Are we going to legitimize such a regime?” Asked whether removal of Assad is currently possible without leaving a power vacuum ripe for exploitation by Iran and Hezbollah, Çavuşoğlu said, “there will be no vacuum if the political process works. ” He added, “while we are defeating Daesh on the ground, we need to focus on political solutions,” which include talks in both Astana and Geneva. Pressed further and asked if he still felt this way considering Iran’s role in the region, which has been instrumental in causing instability, he added, “Iran’s role there is very clear. It’s dominating not only in Syria but also dominating the politics in Iraq. Therefore, if we only target Daesh, we will be serving the interests of Iran and Hezbollah and other groups on the ground. I don’t think we prefer this. ” Breitbart News reported that the Pentagon, which has been working with the Syrian Kurdish YPG and the Iraqi Kurdish Peshmerga to take Daesh down, has cast some doubt on Turkey’s role in taking Daesh out in the northern reaches of Syria. “We have made clear  …     that we are open to a Turkish role in the continued operations to defeat ISIS in northern Syria,” We haven’t come to an agreement about what that role will be or if there will be one,” Pentagon spokesman Col. John Dorrian said. “But we talk to Turkey through military channels and I believe at diplomatic levels every day. ” He added, “I think I’d like to leave it at we would expect Kurds to be involved. And that’s probably about where we’re at. ” Follow Adelle Nazarian on Twitter and Periscope @AdelleNaz. This article has been edited since publication.",0
6054,State Police and the Police State,"Butler Shaffer  blog/state-police-police-state/ 
The Nebraska State Patrol (i.e., the state police force for Nebraska) has sent some of its troopers to North Dakota to help control protests over the pipeline project. Why? If that doesn’t prove sufficient to suppress popular expression of opposition to governmental action, will Germany, or France, or Korea (both North and South?) be asked to send troops? Will NATO, and perhaps the United Nations, eventually be called upon to war against the political order’s greatest foe: human beings? 7:41  ",0
6055,Warren on Why She Attended Trump’s Inauguration: ’I Wanted It Burned in My Eyes’ - Breitbart,"Sen. Elizabeth Warren ( ) said she attended President Trump’s inauguration because she wanted the event “burned” in her eyes. [Warren explained her rationale for attending the event on Real Time with Bill Maher as she promoted her new book This Fight is Our Fight.  “I went to Trump’s inauguration. I watched. I wanted to see it. I wanted it burned in my eyes,” Warren told Maher. “My view on this was if there was ever going to be a moment where I was like, ‘Oh I’m too tired to get up,’ all I had to do is close my eyes and it’s like, ‘Oh god, I’m up. I’m ready. I’m back in the fight,’” she continued. Warren said it was that event that inspired her to keep up the fight against Trump’s policies. The book This Fight is Our Fight ends with the Women’s Marches that took place the weekend after the inauguration, which Warren said was the day “the world changed. ” That was “the day we made our voices heard,” she said. The progressive firebrand has been one of Trump’s fiercest critics, giving the president an “F” for his first 100 days for not living up to his promises to help the working class.",0
6056,Trump Agenda on Offense: 7 Stories in 24 Hours Give President’s Base Hope,"Politics is one of those sports where the team playing defense doesn’t get to score many points. Democrats are working hard to keep President Trump on defense, using an even more aggressive version of the same playbook they run against every Republican president. They think the collapse of Speaker Paul Ryan’s Obamacare repeal legislation last week gave them a new first down. Here are seven signs the Trump agenda has regained a great deal of momentum in just one day. [Jeff Sessions’ crackdown on sanctuary cities: On Monday, Attorney General Jeff Sessions strongly criticized “sanctuary cities” which refuse to cooperate with Immigration and Customs Enforcement, and said billions in federal funding could be jeopardized by continued refusal to comply with the law.  Sessions said sanctuary cities are “making our nation less safe by putting dangerous criminals back on the streets,” and cited overwhelming support from the American people for turning illegal alien criminals over to ICE. He noted that many of the aliens shielded by sanctuary cities are guilty of extremely serious offenses, including rape and murder. This was unquestionably an aggressive move. The inevitable pushback from sanctuary apologists was panicked and defensive. They apparently thought the Trump administration had been intimidated out of pursuing such issues, especially after the president’s executive order for a temporary visa suspension was sabotaged by activist judges. The Democratic playbook says Republicans withdraw from the field after the first sign of injury, and never run a play twice if it doesn’t pick up significant political yardage on the first attempt. Chicago and L. A. mayors defend sanctuary policies: The best sign that you’re on offense is when the opposing team scrambles into defensive formation. Sanctuary cities provide an excellent political opportunity for the Trump administration, since as Sessions noted, they have    support from the American people on the issue.  Also, it’s great fun to watch Democrats, who used to believe states’ rights and the Tenth Amendment were   phrases used by unpatriotic racists, argue that Democrat mayors should be allowed to ignore federal laws they don’t like, while still receiving billions of dollars from taxpayers in other parts of the country. Thus we have Chicago mayor Rahm Emanuel, who presides over one of the bloodiest urban hellscapes in the nation, claiming that he has some kind of constitutional right to federal taxpayer dollars, even as he defies American voters by protecting illegal alien criminals from deportation. Republicans will benefit enormously from Rahm Emanuel becoming the face of Democrat city governance. Emanuel’s office attempted to link the sanctuary city crackdown to Trump’s executive order on immigration, as did Los Angeles mayor Eric Garcetti. “My office will continue to ensure local governments have the tools they need to legally protect their immigrant communities  —   and we won’t stop fighting to beat back President Trump’s   immigration policies,” Garcetti declared. This reinforces the point made above about Democrats expecting the Trump administration to retreat from immigration after the legal challenges to his executive order. To be sure, immigration is a complicated issue. There are parts of the debate where public opinion becomes much more divided. At the moment, Trump is fighting on precisely the ground that made so many Americans disgusted with a corrupt establishment and its refusal to execute simple duties to the citizens of the United States. He’s playing from strength, and should ignore the Left’s attempts to convince him otherwise. One reason the Left fights so hard on this absurd ground is that it fears conceding any point about the corrupt folly of our   immigration laws, or that illegal immigrants are indeed breaking the law. In other words, they’re playing   defense, because they know there are big points to be scored against them. Environmental executive orders: Reining in madcap environmentalism and bureaucratic bloat is another issue where the Trump administration enjoys tremendous popular support. The president’s forthcoming executive order to roll back   climate change orders and promote energy independence will likely be another play made from a position of great strength. (It is important to note that at the time of this writing, the exact contents of Trump’s order were not know.) The Trump administration seems interested in pointing out how shoddy,   and doctored the data behind these climate change initiatives has been. For example, it’s a killer point that the EPA knew its own expensive regulations would have no measurable effect on global temperatures. That kind of anecdote has a long shelf life. The administration can run a play like that over and over again, picking up a few yards every time.   “Draining the swamp” involves hammering home the truth that Washington itself is a special interest, endlessly lobbying itself for more money and power. The EPA is among the worst examples of “regulatory capture,” where the line between a federal agency and its lobbyists becomes blurred. Taxpayers will rally behind Trump every time he hits the flabbiest, most   sections of the federal bureaucracy. Investigating Clinton ties to Russia: Of course, Trump’s critics will accuse him of trying to change the subject by asking congressional investigators to look into connections between the Clinton machine and Russia. Whatever the ultimate outcome may be, it is unquestionably an example of the Trump team running an offensive play when it’s supposed to be permanently on defense. In years past, critics who called Republicans the “Stupid Party” often complained about how easily they were put on defense, swiftly accepting media narratives that required them to spend their days responding to allegations without pushing back. For better or worse, going back to the earliest moments of his 2016 presidential campaign, Trump has refused to assume a permanent defensive crouch, on nearly any issue. Many of the confident pundit predictions that his campaign was doomed, at various critical junctures, were born from the conventional wisdom that Trump would pay a heavy price for refusing to become defensive and apologetic. The conventional wisdom proved to be incorrect. This particular play is still in progress, so it’s hard to say where the ball will end up. It doesn’t hurt to spotlight how Democrat opinion of Russia turned on a dime after the 2016 election. Also, the curious notion that Hillary Clinton is absolved of all offenses under some mythical “old news” clause of political law because she lost the election should be shredded, especially since we would currently be hearing loud demands to absolve her of all offenses if she had won the election. Ford factory expansion in America: Bill Clinton’s famous campaign slogan, “It’s the Economy, Stupid,” comes to mind when news like Ford Motor Company’s announcement of three new plants in Michigan breaks. The next two elections will be very heavily influenced by how well the economy is doing. Good economic news will give Trump and congressional Republicans political capital to spend on other issues. Naturally they will become more energetic about pursuing their agenda with a strong financial wind at their backs. It will be very difficult for Democrats to downplay good news from the automotive industry, given how much they made of President Obama “saving the industry. ” A constant drumbeat of job creation stories from various industries has driven consumer confidence to a    according to a new report. Much of Trump’s agenda  —   including immigration, regulatory reform, and tax reform  —   is linked to his   vision of a stronger American economy producing more jobs. Every part of that agenda becomes more difficult for Democrats to oppose if the economy is, in fact, stronger and producing more jobs.   Obamacare repeal: The Trump Agenda may even be playing stronger offense than the Trump White House at the moment. Rep. Mo Brooks ( ) has filed a   bill that would repeal the Affordable Care Act in its entirety. Brooks said one of the purposes behind his bill is to “burn away the fog” and “show American voters who really wants to repeal Obamacare, and who merely acted that way during election time. ” We’ll have to see how many of his colleagues run downfield to catch that particular pass. The simplicity of Brooks’ bill was a slap in the face to Speaker Paul Ryan’s convoluted, ineffective, wildly unpopular, and politically tone deaf Ryancare bill that would have hurt Trump’s base more than anyone.  It was quite noticeable that at no point during the brief tussle over the House bill were Democrats put on defense over the failures of Obamacare. Instead, Republicans were left stammering dubious excuses for why they didn’t bring back the last repeal bill they passed while President Obama was still in the White House, producing the cloud of fog Brooks wants to burn away with his simple bill. Chuck Schumer’s public meltdown: If Obamacare repeal was a debacle that left much of the GOP looking defensive, Senate Minority Leader Chuck Schumer’s embarrassing tirade against a Trump supporter at a Manhattan restaurant on Sunday is a sign that Democrats’ grip on the ball is none too tight. Schumer certainly didn’t act like he was brimming with confidence after an ostensibly catastrophic week for congressional Republicans and the White House. Democrats are banking heavily on their “Resistance” mythology of a stolen election and illegitimate Trump presidency. (They did the same thing after Bush won in 2000, but now we have social media and an even more voracious news cycle to amplify their histrionics.) The problem with such a strategy is that it runs the risk of alienating people who aren’t  . Those people are also growing annoyed by the   of everything in American life. Political eruptions in a restaurant are the sort of thing that makes them groan.   is a long pass down the field that runs a high risk of interception. It’s too easy for the other team to pick off that pass by getting things done and generating positive press. Average voters don’t follow the minutiae of Washington scandal wars the way pundits do. It’s an article of conventional political wisdom that Republicans went too far criticizing presidents Clinton and Obama at various junctures, alienating some persuadable middle voters. The same thing can happen with Trump, no matter how hard Democrats try to paint him as a uniquely divisive and objectionable president. Presidents have a great deal of power to go back on offense after setbacks, as we’re seeing right now.",0
6057,What happens when the government and the media collude to pander to Islam?!,"1 
What happens when the government and the media collude to pander to Islam?! 
You get the absolute disaster that is happening in Europe. One only needs to look at France and Germany to see what the future of America will look like under a Hillary (Global elite establishment) Presidency! 
Open borders, Open Trade, and Open Immigration, threatens all of our security and well being. Hillary has openly admitted that this is her dream for America! The globalists want to destroy what is left of our constitution, and to start a civil war between the American citizens and the Islamic immigrants! All to usher in the North American Union! 
We are looking at the fall of this Republic just as ww2 Germany fell to the Fascist Nazis! 
America: Don't Make Europe's Mistake (Vote Trump) ~ its the only chance we have!!! Tags",0
6058,Iranians arrested after celebrating ancient Persian king Cyrus the Great,"November 1, 2016 Iranians arrested after celebrating ancient Persian king Cyrus the Great 
Iran’s Islamic Republic has arrested the organizers of a march last week near the tomb of the ancient Persian king Cyrus the Great that attracted thousands of people celebrating the country’s pre-Islamic glory. 
Crowds of mostly young Iranians attended the march near the ancient city of Pasargadae in central province of Fars on Friday to celebrate the day unofficially marked in the Iranian calendar as Cyrus Day. 
 ",0
6059,Bernie Sanders and Allies Aim to Shape Democrats’ Agenda After Primaries - The New York Times,"Even as his chances of winning the Democratic presidential nomination slip away, Senator Bernie Sanders and his allies are trying to use his popularity to expand his political influence, setting up an ideological struggle for the soul of the Democratic Party in the   era. Aides to Mr. Sanders have been pressing party officials for a significant role in drafting the platform for the Democratic convention in July, aiming to lock in strong planks on issues like a $   federal minimum wage, breaking up Wall Street banks and banning natural gas “fracking. ” Amid his unexpectedly strong showing in the Democratic primaries, Mr. Sanders has tapped his    donor list to raise money for liberal congressional candidates in New York, Nevada and Washington State. And in the waning months of Barack Obama’s presidency, Mr. Sanders’s allies are testing their muscle against the White House, mounting a public attack on the president’s housing secretary, Julián Castro, over his department’s sales of delinquent mortgages to banks and private equity firms. “There is a greater goal here,” said Representative Raúl M. Grijalva of Arizona, a   of the Congressional Progressive Caucus, who sent a letter to Mr. Castro criticizing the mortgage sales. “The contribution of Bernie that will be lasting for us is that we will coalesce around an agenda. ” The pressure from Mr. Sanders and his allies is putting the party establishment, which is closely aligned with Hillary Clinton, in a delicate position. Democratic leaders are wary of steering the party too far left, but do not want to alienate the Sanders supporters whose votes Mrs. Clinton needs in November, or risk losing the vast new donor base Mr. Sanders has created. The institutional bulwarks against Mr. Sanders are significant: Hundreds of the party’s “superdelegates” have endorsed Mrs. Clinton, a signal of her broad support among the party’s power brokers. The Democratic National Committee now relies on Mrs. Clinton’s   to provide a fifth of its monthly income, an arrangement the Sanders campaign has criticized. And Mrs. Clinton is well positioned to block any proposals she would not want to defend in a general election. In January, the party chairwoman, Representative Debbie Wasserman Schultz of Florida, appointed dozens of Clinton supporters and advisers to the three standing committees of the Democratic Party convention. Of 45 potential members submitted by Mr. Sanders, she appointed just three, according to Mr. Sanders’s campaign. Gov. Dannel P. Malloy of Connecticut, a top Clinton surrogate, will be   of the platform committee. Barney Frank, a former Massachusetts congressman and fierce critic of Mr. Sanders and his Wall Street proposals, will be a   of the rules committee, which governs procedure on the convention floor. Mark Longabaugh, a senior adviser to Mr. Sanders, said he believed the campaign would ultimately be well represented on all the committees as more members are named. But he questioned how Ms. Wasserman Schultz had chosen her discretionary appointments. “Not only are they supporting Clinton, but they have been extremely critical of Bernie Sanders,” Mr. Longabaugh said. “That doesn’t seem like the right way to go if we want to have a convention that is evenhanded. ” Luis Miranda, a spokesman for the Democratic National Convention, said the party was “committed to an open, inclusive and representative process” to draft the platform. “Both of our campaigns will be represented on the drafting committee,” Mr. Miranda said. Some fissures within the Democratic family may be inevitable. For eight years, Mr. Obama’s presidency has muted ideological disagreement within the party. His moral authority as the country’s first black commander in chief, his popularity with   Democratic voters and his political battles with Congress have worked to squelch the kind of ideological battles that have divided the Republican Party. But the Democrats’ liberal wing, including lawmakers like Senator Elizabeth Warren of Massachusetts, has become more restive in Mr. Obama’s second term. Liberal groups have pressured the president on recent appointments to the Treasury Department and his deportation policies. At the same time, a younger generation of activists is challenging presidential candidates in both parties on issues of criminal justice, police violence and the rights of undocumented immigrants. “A boldly populist,   type of platform is massively appealing to those who have come of age during the financial meltdown and the period afterward,” said Kurt Walters, the campaign director at Rootstrikers, a group that favors limiting the influence of big donors in politics. The party is relatively unified on raising the minimum wage to $15, and Mrs. Clinton recently voiced qualified support. But there is a risk, some Democrats said, that Mr. Sanders  —   an independent who is not actually a member of the party  —   would push the party to embrace positions that could later hurt Mrs. Clinton and other Democratic candidates. Mr. Sanders is almost certain to win a   speaking slot at the summer convention, providing one of the biggest audiences yet for his views. Some Democrats said they feared a   equivalent of Pat Buchanan’s searing speech at the 1992 Republican convention, when Mr. Buchanan, who had failed to win his party’s nomination, called for a “cultural war” against “liberals and radicals. ” Matt Bennett, a founder of the   think tank Third Way, said Mrs. Clinton had so far avoided tacking too far left to compete effectively in a general election. “They need to be careful not to go so far as to hand the Republicans something to beat them over the head with,” Mr. Bennett said. “Bans on anything tend to be politically problematic. ” The campaign against Mr. Castro’s policies at the Department of Housing and Urban Development, called “Don’t Sell Our Homes to Wall Street,” could foreshadow the kind of leverage progressives would like to exert after November. Mr. Castro, one of the country’s most prominent young Latino politicians, is seen as a potential   pick for Mrs. Clinton. But the pressure tactics are also likely to sow more of the bitterness that has come to dominate Mr. Sanders’s primary battle with Mrs. Clinton. This month, Mr. Sanders asked his supporters to contribute money to Lucy Flores, a former Nevada assemblywoman running for Congress. In his email, Mr. Sanders also suggested that Emily’s List, a political action committee that is dedicated to electing women who support abortion rights and is close to Mrs. Clinton, had spurned Ms. Flores in her race because she had endorsed Mr. Sanders. Emily’s List, which has endorsed Ms. Flores in past campaigns, backed another Democratic candidate. The claim drew a sharp response from Emily’s List, one of the most powerful groups in mainstream Democratic politics. “We support several candidates who have endorsed him, so he should stick to issues rather than disingenuous attacks,” said Marcy Stech, a spokeswoman for Emily’s List. But in an interview, Ms. Flores said she believed there was a broader agenda at play in the group’s decision. “It’s just like with the presidential race,” Ms. Flores said. “The Democratic Party and the establishment have their ideas about who they want to support. ”",0
6060,Jury acquits leaders of Oregon standoff of federal charges,"Yahoo News PORTLAND, Ore. (AP) — A jury delivered an extraordinary blow to the government Thursday in a long-running battle over the use of public lands when it acquitted all seven defendants involved in the armed occupation of a national wildlife refuge in rural southeastern Oregon. Tumult erupted in the courtroom after the verdicts were read when an attorney for group leader Ammon Bundy demanded his client be immediately released, repeatedly yelling at the judge. U.S. marshals tackled attorney Marcus Mumford to the ground, used a stun gun on him several times and arrested him. U.S. District Judge Anna Brown said she could not release Bundy because he still faces charges in Nevada stemming from an armed standoff at his father Cliven Bundy’s ranch two years ago. The Portland jury acquitted Bundy, his brother Ryan Bundy and five others of conspiring to impede federal workers from their jobs at the Malheur National Wildlife Refuge, 300 miles southeast of Portland. Even attorneys for the defendants were surprised by the acquittals. “It’s stunning. It’s a stunning victory for the defense,” said Robert Salisbury, attorney for defendant Jeff Banta. “I’m speechless.” Said defendant Neil Wampler: “This is a tremendous victory for rural America and it is a well-deserved, overwhelming defeat for a corrupt and predatory federal government.” The U.S Attorney in Oregon, Billy J. Williams, issued a statement defending the decision to bring charges against the seven defendants: “We strongly believe that this case needed to be brought before a Court, publicly tried, and decided by a jury. A Bundy daughter, Bailey Logue, said family members were savoring the victory, and would begin Friday to determine their next step. “First thing, we’re going to get down on our knees and thank our Heavenly Father, and we’re going to enjoy our families,” Logue said. “Tomorrow, we’re going to figure out what we’re going to do next.” Messages left for Bundy family matriarch Carol Bundy in Bunkerville, Nevada, weren’t immediately returned. The Oregon case is a continuation of the tense standoff with federal officials at Cliven Bundy’s ranch in 2014. Cliven, Ammon and Ryan Bundy are among those who are to go on trial in Nevada early next year for that standoff. While the charges in Oregon accused defendants of preventing federal workers from getting to their workplace, the case in Nevada revolves around allegations of a more direct threat: An armed standoff involving dozens of Bundy backers pointing weapons including assault-style rifles at federal Bureau of Land Management agents and contract cowboys rounding up cattle near the Bundy ranch outside Bunkerville. Daniel Hill, attorney for Ammon Bundy in the Nevada case, said he believed the acquittal in Oregon bodes well for his client and the other defendants facing felony weapon, conspiracy and other charges. “When the jury here hears the whole story, I expect the same result,” Hill told The Associated Press in Las Vegas. Hill also said he’ll seek his client’s release from federal custody pending trial in Nevada. Ammon Bundy and his followers took over the Oregon bird sanctuary on Jan. 2. They objected to prison sentences handed down to Dwight and Steven Hammond, two local ranchers convicted of setting fires. They demanded the government free the father and son and relinquish control of public lands to local officials. The Bundys and other key figures were arrested in a Jan. 26 traffic stop outside the refuge that ended with police fatally shooting Robert “LaVoy” Finicum, an occupation spokesman. Most occupiers left after his death, but four holdouts remained until Feb. 11, when they surrendered following a lengthy negotiation. Federal prosecutors took two weeks to present their case, finishing with a display of more than 30 guns seized after the standoff. An FBI agent testified that 16,636 live rounds and nearly 1,700 spent casings were found. During trial, Bundy testified that the plan was to take ownership of the refuge by occupying it for a period of time and then turn it over to local officials to use as they saw fit. Bundy also testified that the occupiers carried guns because they would have been arrested immediately otherwise and to protect themselves against possible government attack. The bird sanctuary takeover drew sympathizers from around the West. It also drew a few protesters who were upset that the armed occupation was preventing others from using the land. They included Kieran Suckling, executive director of the Center for Biological Diversity. Suckling on Thursday called the acquittals “extremely disturbing” for “anyone who cares about America’s public lands, the rights of native people and their heritage, and a political system that refuses to be bullied by violence and racism. “The Bundy clan and their followers peddle a dangerous brand of radicalism aimed at taking over lands owned by all of us. I worry this verdict only emboldens the kind of intimidation and right-wing violence that underpins their movement,” Suckling said. One of Ammon Bundy’s attorneys, Morgan Philpot, had a different perspective after watching Mumford get tackled by marshals. “His liberty was just assaulted by the very government that was supposed to protect it, by the very government that just prosecuted his client — unjustly as the jury found.” There’s another Oregon trial coming up over the wildlife refuge. Authorities had charged 26 occupiers with conspiracy. Eleven pleaded guilty, and another had the charge dropped. Seven defendants chose not to be tried at this time. Their trial is scheduled to begin Feb. 14.",0
6061,Bombing Suspect’s Hometown Is a Magnet for Immigrants - The New York Times,"ELIZABETH, N. J.  —   Along the commercial corridor of Elmora Avenue, Salvadoran pupusas are sold next to kosher California rolls and across the street from a salon where three Colombians, a Cuban and a Uruguayan cut hair. Past Las Américas Bakery, the owner of another salon is the proud daughter of southern Italian immigrants. And on that same street, which decades ago used to be populated by Orthodox Jews, there stands an outlier: First American Fried Chicken, owned and operated by the Rahami family, immigrants from Afghanistan. Afghans are not a particularly large group living in Elizabeth. There were only about 200 in a city of nearly 127, 000 people, with 77 born in Afghanistan, according to 2014 census figures compiled by researchers at Queens College. In that same year, 63 percent of Elizabeth residents were Hispanic. But because of Ahmad Khan Rahami, the    arrested on Monday after a gunfight and suspected of planting bombs in Manhattan and New Jersey, Afghans have become the most talked about immigrants in what seemed to be a haven of diversity. “I woke up feeling like it was a dream I never felt like that could happen here,” Agueda Elizabeth Meza, 54, the owner of a Peruvian restaurant on Elizabeth Avenue, said through an interpreter. “Elizabeth is a city of all different bloods  —   as García Márquez said. ” Pick a flag  —   there are more than 50 nationalities, and more than 37 languages spoken, according to the office of Mayor J. Christian Bollwage (who is of German and Irish heritage). From Poland, Portugal and Peru, they all have come to Elizabeth. The International Rescue Committee, one of nine agencies in the United States that work with the government to resettle refugees, said that since 2010, its office here had helped 102 Afghan refugees, which includes 30 families. It is still not clear why Mr. Rahami and his family settled in Elizabeth. The authorities said he arrived in the United States as a child and, while a minor, was naturalized through his father  —   a different path from recent refugees who have come after years of international vetting. “One thing we do not want to see is any sort of backlash against the community in or around Elizabeth,” said Avigail Ziv, the International Rescue Committee’s executive director for New York and New Jersey. “These are refugees who have suffered a lot and have dealt with violence as well. They are just trying to rebuild their lives. ” There are four mosques in Elizabeth, but the largest, and where the agency said its Afghan refugees attended, is Darul Islam, in the northwestern part of the city. The president of the mosque, Hassen Abdellah, said he did not know whether Mr. Rahami had been there. “If he prayed in Elizabeth, my gut is that he did come here, everybody comes here,” said Mr. Abdellah, born in New Jersey, who was one of the mosque’s founding members in 1992. “We have an international community, people from Russia, Turkey, Pakistan. We have Asians, Africans,   we have the whole tree. ” Asked how many Afghans attend his mosque, Mr. Abdellah said it was perhaps “6 to 7 percent. ” On Monday morning, Mr. Abdellah received an email sent to leaders of area mosques with pictures of Mr. Rahami. “I was in shock, like everybody else,” he said. “I can’t believe that somebody in Elizabeth was involved in something like this. We’ve always been in partnership with the city and the government. ” The surprise registered closer to the fried chicken restaurant on Elmora Avenue. Guillermo Niell, 35, from Uruguay, said he and his family live across the street. He would often buy   there and he never noticed anything strange about the owners. But his Uruguayan hair stylist, Pepo Lambrechts, recalled that recently Mr. Rahami was always on his computer or his phone, not paying attention to customers. “My father loved that place,” Cristina Castro, 35, the   owner of the salon, said. Once a week, when he used to visit from Colombia, her daughter, Lesley, 13, would take him there. Ms. Castro’s mother, Gladys Echeverri, said she moved the family to Elizabeth in 1999, after the largest rebel group in Colombia made owning a hair salon too difficult in their small town outside Medellín. Ms. Echeverri was worried that Mr. Rahami’s arrest would affect business in Elizabeth. “It will hurt the reputation,” she said. But Ms. Castro said the city’s image was already tarnished by being in the dingy shadow of Newark. Officials with the Greater Elizabeth Chamber of Commerce would disagree. They are trying to turn Elizabeth into prime tourist destination, with the Jersey Gardens outlet mall as its biggest draw and its history  —   thanks to Alexander Hamilton, who lived and studied in Elizabeth after coming to the American colonies in 1772  —   in vogue. “We were the first capital of New Jersey this is where New Jersey was founded,” said Gordon Haas, the president of the Chamber of Commerce. “We advertise, ‘You can dine the world without a passport,’ because you name a restaurant, we’ve got it,” Mr. Haas said, adding, “including now, I guess, an Afghani chicken place. ” On Monday, as police cars and government vehicles cordoned off the street next to the restaurant and others around downtown Elizabeth, there was another kind of tension in the air for some immigrants. Back in January, immigration officials conducted raids in New Jersey as part of a nationwide effort to deport those who had orders of removal. That brought an increased law enforcement presence and anxiety to Elmora Avenue. “On the one side, you feel some security having all of this police around,” Ms. Meza said, who is a member of Make the Road New Jersey, an immigrant activist group. “But on the other side, there is this feeling of fear because only a few months ago raids were happening in our community, and one cannot help but be reminded. ”",0
6062,Pentagon Releases Photo to Rebut Contention It Bombed a Mosque - The New York Times,"WASHINGTON  —   The Pentagon released an aerial photo on Friday of a pulverized building in Syria in an unusual defense of an American airstrike that officials said killed dozens of Al Qaeda operatives at a meeting place  —   and not civilians at a mosque, as activists and local residents maintain. Far from settling the debate, however, the photo prompted fresh challenges from local activists who argued that the building was part of a religious complex. Some of them distributed their own photos of the devastation, fueling the dueling narratives. The Pentagon has not said which Qaeda leaders it believes were killed in the strike but suggested it might make that information public once it receives confirmation. The Syrian Observatory for Human Rights said that 49 people had been killed in what the group described as a “massacre” of civilians who were undergoing religious instruction. Capt. Jeff Davis, a Pentagon spokesman, said officials had watched the building “for some time” before unleashing a barrage of missiles and bombs after evening prayers on Thursday. He said dozens of militants had been killed in the strike on the building in the Syrian village of Al Jinah, in Aleppo Province. “At this particular time, its purpose was to host this meeting of very senior people in Al Qaeda,” Captain Davis said. Officials emphasized that widely recognized military guidelines allow sites to be targeted for attacks based on what they are being used for at a given moment  —   and not on their general purpose or even typical use. Mohamed Ibrahim, who lives in a town a few miles away, described the building as an assembly hall and dining area for worshipers to gather for religious lessons. Photos taken at the site on Friday by Syrian activists showed a black sign outside a   adjoining structure that identified it as part of the Omar ibn   mosque. “Reconstructing God’s mosques for those who believe in God and the last day,” said the sign, according to photographs of the building rubble that were provided by activists. The    photo that the Pentagon distributed shows a blackened crater where a building once stood in the village. An adjoining structure appears to be largely intact, as do about a dozen vehicles on the street. A small mosque across the street appears to be unscathed. American military officials said the picture was taken within five minutes after the attack was carried out, around 7 p. m. local time, by drones armed with Hellfire missiles and at least one warplane equipped with   bombs. Members of Al Qaeda and other militants have long understood that the United States’ rules of engagement discourage attacks on mosques, schools and hospitals without extensive scrutiny by   officials. As a result, militants have often operated in these locations, assuming that doing so will afford them a measure of protection. But large mosques can consist of multiple buildings, sometimes only several yards apart, and are used for wedding parties, ablutions or as residences for local clerics. Pentagon spokesmen did not say whether the building that was targeted had been affiliated with the nearby mosque. Eric J. Pahon, a Defense Department spokesman, described the structure as a “partially constructed community meeting hall” that Qaeda leaders had used to indoctrinate their fighters. Mr. Pahon said that evening prayers at the mosque had concluded by the time the strike was carried out. The Pentagon said that it had no information to confirm there were civilian casualties but would investigate any credible allegations that noncombatants had been killed or injured. “We take all allegations of civilian casualties seriously,” Mr. Pahon said. “This strike was conducted after we learned that senior A. Q. leaders were in the area and were attending this meeting. ” Local activists told a sharply different story after visiting the site of the attack and talking to residents, some of whom said the building was used for prayers and readings of the Quran. “They all repeated the same story: That they gather there to pray and there was no military presence or military activities,” said Mohamed   of the Aleppo Media Center, who visited the site on Thursday, after the strike, and again on Friday. Syrian rescue workers wearing white helmets were observed digging people out of the rubble. Western Aleppo Province and Idlib Province are increasingly packed with people displaced from areas across Syria that the government has taken over in a civil war that has dragged on for six years. Syrian and Russian forces have been accused of indiscriminately targeting schools and hospitals, and the American strike has been portrayed by some residents as another instance in which civilians have been harmed. While the   coalition has been preparing for an assault on Raqqa, the de facto capital of the Islamic State, it has been waging a parallel series of airstrikes against Al Qaeda, virtually all of which have occurred in Idlib Province.",0
6063,Supreme Court Vacates Ex-Virginia Governor’s Graft Conviction - The New York Times,"WASHINGTON  —   The Supreme Court on Monday made it harder to prosecute public officials for corruption, unanimously overturning the conviction of Bob McDonnell, a former governor of Virginia. Chief Justice John G. Roberts Jr. writing for the court, narrowed the definition of what sort of conduct can serve as the basis of a corruption prosecution. He said only formal and concrete government actions counted  —   filing a lawsuit, say, or making an administrative determination. Routine political courtesies like arranging meetings or urging underlings to consider a matter, he added, generally do not, even when the people seeking those favors give the public officials gifts or money. That still leaves prosecutors plenty of room to pursue classic bribery and kickbacks. But there was widespread agreement among prosecutors and defense lawyers on Monday that the decision would make it harder for the government to prove corruption. The alternative to the new limits, Chief Justice Roberts wrote, would be to criminalize routine political behavior. “Conscientious public officials arrange meetings for constituents, contact other officials on their behalf and include them in events all the time,” he wrote. The Supreme Court returned Mr. McDonnell’s case to an appeals court for an assessment of whether prosecutors had presented evidence to satisfy the narrow definition of corruption announced Monday. If so, prosecutors may seek to retry Mr. McDonnell, but under the stricter standard. In a statement, Mr. McDonnell said that he was innocent and that he expected to be vindicated. “I have not, and would not, betray the sacred trust the people of Virginia bestowed upon me during 22 years in elected office,” Mr. McDonnell said. “It is my hope that this matter will soon be over and that my family and I can begin to rebuild our lives. ” An appeal by his wife, Maureen, who was also convicted in the case, was put on hold while the court heard his case. Her conviction is likely to be thrown out now. Mr. McDonnell, a Republican who served from 2010 to 2014, was charged with using his office to help Jonnie R. Williams Sr. who had provided the McDonnells with luxury products, loans and vacations worth more than $175, 000 when Mr. McDonnell was governor. The gifts themselves were legal, and the question in the case was whether they were part of a corrupt bargain in which Mr. McDonnell reciprocated by using his office to help Mr. Williams. Mr. McDonnell arranged meetings for and attended events with his benefactor. But Mr. Williams, whose company made a diet supplement, did not have any real success in obtaining support from the state for his product. A jury found that Mr. McDonnell’s actions amounted to corruption, and a federal appeals court upheld the conviction. Last year, the Supreme Court allowed Mr. McDonnell to stay out of prison while it considered whether to hear his case, McDonnell v. United States, No.  . That unusual order was a powerful hint that the court might rule in his favor. The hint proved right, though Chief Justice Roberts stopped well short of endorsing Mr. McDonnell’s actions. “There is no doubt that this case is distasteful it may be worse than that,” he wrote. “But our concern is not with tawdry tales of Ferraris, Rolexes and ball gowns. It is instead with the broader legal implications of the government’s boundless interpretation of the federal bribery statute. A more limited interpretation of the term ‘official act’ leaves ample room for prosecuting corruption, while comporting with the text of the statute and the precedent of this court. ” In their briefs to the Supreme Court, Mr. McDonnell’s lawyers relied on the Citizens United decision in 2010, in which the Supreme Court said that “ingratiation and access” were “not corruption. ” That year, the court ruled in favor of a former Enron executive, Jeffrey K. Skilling, saying that a federal anticorruption law governing “honest services” applied only to bribes and kickbacks. Chief Justice Roberts’s opinion did not address Citizens United or the First Amendment argument on which it was based. But he did say proof of something akin to bribery was required in corruption prosecutions. “Of course,” he added, “this is not to say that setting up a meeting, hosting an event or making a phone call is always an innocent act, or is irrelevant, in cases like this one. If an official sets up a meeting, hosts an event, or makes a phone call on a question or matter that is or could be pending before another official, that could serve as evidence of an agreement to take an official act. ” “A jury could conclude, for example, that the official was attempting to pressure or advise another official on a pending matter,” Chief Justice Roberts wrote. “And if the official agreed to exert that pressure or give that advice in exchange for a thing of value, that would be illegal. ” Mr. McDonnell’s successor, Gov. Terry McAuliffe, a Democrat who is facing a federal investigation involving campaign donations from a Chinese donor, issued a benign statement saying Mr. McDonnell and his family had “remained in my thoughts and prayers,” and noting that the former governor had “made mistakes and has apologized. ” He said he hoped the ruling would signal “the beginning of the end of this difficult process for our Commonwealth. ” But Anna Scholl, the executive director of Progress Virginia, a progressive advocacy group, said she was disappointed with the decision, “which essentially gives elected officials a blank check to trade gifts for access and ‘unofficial’ favors. ” She said Mr. McDonnell “disgraced Virginia and the office he held, and Virginians should be outraged he has still not been held responsible. ” Mr. McDonnell had been a popular governor, but after his trial turned into the “tawdry tale” Chief Justice Roberts described, the public turned against him. Polls showed most Virginians thought he was guilty  —   and the jury’s decision reflected that, according to Bob Holsworth, a longtime political analyst in Richmond. “My sense was the jury’s decision had almost nothing to do with the judge’s instructions,” he said. “The jury’s decision was related to their revulsion at political figures being showered with gifts and loans on terms they couldn’t possibly have for themselves. ” At the same time, officials in the state  —   both Democrats and Republicans  —   felt some sympathy for Mr. McDonnell because Virginia had no laws then barring what he did. (In 2015, after his conviction, lawmakers imposed a $100 limit on gifts from lobbyists.) Hundreds of people  —   neighbors, friends, clergy and elected officials including Senator Tim Kaine, a Democrat  —   wrote letters to the judge who sentenced Mr. McDonnell, asking for mercy. “The McDonnell case was like a lightning bolt to the political class,” Mr. Holsworth said. “A lot of legislators were thinking, ‘My goodness, there but for the grace of God go I. ’”",0
6064,Review: The Chainsmokers Find That Pop Is an Awkward Fit - The New York Times,"From the beginning, the Chainsmokers knew dance music was a joke. The festivals, the groupthink, the   sounds  —   these were the hallmarks of a scene designed for ecstatic release, but also one that was easily parodied. And so rather than make serious music that others might dismiss, they embodied parody themselves. They made songs about selfies and Kanye West (in so much as they were about anything) and saw their stars rise. They seemed to understand, in a particularly disquieting way, how easy it was to game the system, turning growing American interest in and tolerance of   dance music into a platform for   ambition. That made the Chainsmokers both disorientingly effective and easily loathed. So maybe it’s humility, or maybe it’s strategy, but pointedly, over the last couple of years, the duo of Andrew Taggart and Alex Pall have been engaged in a very public process of dismantling mainstream dance music from within. By this point, they are essentially a pop duo  —   Mr. Taggart sings and writes, and both men produce. Instead of   club music though, they’ve come to specialize in a style that approximates a skinned and deboned version of those sounds, maintaining a handful of its key gestures and flourishes while administering a benzodiazepine to the tempo and volume. In 2015 and 2016, three Chainsmokers songs reached the Top 10 of the Billboard singles chart, as have two songs that appear on their new album, “Memories  …    Do Not Open,” “Paris” and the Coldplay collaboration “Something Just Like This. ” Each hit has been more denuded than the one that preceded it. This is the logical endpoint of the American   explosion of the last decade, which was almost certainly never going to end in a nightclub. It was a long con in retraining pop ears to accept some of that world’s sonic ideas. By that measurement, “Memories  …    Do Not Open”  —   the first   Chainsmokers album  —   is a savvy success that cannily toys with expectations. Most songs hover between 95 and 105 beats per minute, something more than a slog but less than a gallop. Often, when a song arrives at the drop  —   the place where an explosion usually lands  —   it instead veers into something like a sun shower, or a crowd applauding in the distance, rarely the usual gut punch. But these strategic victories don’t overshadow the Chainsmokers’ myriad weaknesses. In the ecosystem in which the Chainsmokers have thrived  —     dance music and the pop that derives from its distillation  —   the album is a meaningless concept, and the album format underscores both this duo’s weaknesses and strengths. Mr. Taggart is a capable but unexciting singer. And he has shockingly few lyrical ideas, less of a concern for performers more adept with melody. Most songs here moan about brittle young relationships over the musical equivalent of bringing an amiable golden retriever along for an unhurried jog. (The songs written with the   Emily Warren, like “Don’t Say” and the excellent “My Type,” are among the best here, with an emotional texture the others grasp for futilely.) Two    songs, the impressive “Honest” and “Wake Up Alone,” parse the weight that fame exacts on emotional relationships  —   they’re among the most credible on the album. While the Chainsmokers often appear to have decided what sort of music they’re not making, their affirmative choices are lacking. “The One” ends up somewhere near chillwave, “Break Up Every Night” is toothless   and “Last Day Alive,” a collaboration with the   duo Florida Georgia Line, is 100 percent pure pablum, a collection of dim anthemic sayings in search of a stadium, a twinkle with no diamond. All of this makes for songs in search of remixes, skeletons notable as much for what’s missing as what’s there. That’s a curious position for an act moving from the world of   festivals, where the scene is the star more than the performer, to the world of pop, where personality counts, a shift that may well be the Chainsmokers’ undoing, even if their music remains effective. That’s because onstage, on the duo’s handful of televised performances, they’re almost brutally awkward. On “Saturday Night Live”  —   where they performed “Paris” and “Break Up Every Night” last weekend  —   they were listless and limp. Of course they were. Mr. Taggart is not an aggressively trained pop star (and for what it’s worth, not a disruptive punk either). He was uncomfortable in the same way a young indie rock or folk singer might be, unsure of how to use his body as effectively as his voice. The Chainsmokers might have gamed their way into pop, but pop is hard work  —   inside jokes melt under the klieg lights.",0
6065,"Americans Agree on Paid Leave, but Not on Who Should Pay - The New York Times","Most people say workers should get paid leave to take care of a baby, a sick family member or themselves, according to two new surveys. But they disagree on the details: who should pay, and whether it should be mandatory or optional. The idea of a federal paid leave policy brings up issues that Americans have complicated feelings about  —   like government mandates for businesses and gender roles at home  —   according to the surveys, released Thursday by the Pew Research Center. This ambivalence helps explain a paradox: why a policy with so much bipartisan support has nonetheless failed to be enacted. The United States is the only industrialized country that doesn’t mandate paid leave. “There’s massive distrust of federal government mandates in the United States,” said Joan Williams, director of the Center for WorkLife Law at the University of California, Hastings. “Support for paid leave is depressed by the overall hostility to government. ” In a first, presidential candidates from both parties talked supportively about paid leave, but the Trump administration’s proposal, led by Ivanka Trump, faces hurdles because of deep divisions about what the policy should look like. Yet the surveys make clear that the need crosses income, gender and political lines, and affects people’s career decisions and wages.   percent of respondents said paid leave would help families, and 65 percent said it would help the economy. When asked which work arrangements would be most helpful to them, they ranked paid leave the highest, alongside flexibility of hours.   percent told Pew they’d taken paid leave or are very likely to. American workers can get 12 weeks of unpaid leave through the Family and Medical Leave Act, but only about 60 percent are eligible. Thirteen percent of workers get paid leave from their employers, according to the Bureau of Labor Statistics. High earners are much more likely to get it, while low earners are more likely to fall into poverty because of a birth or an illness. Large majorities support paid leave  —   between 67 percent and 85 percent, depending on the type of leave  —   according to the Pew report, which included two nationally representative online surveys of 8, 000 Americans total. One survey was about people’s general opinions about family leave, and the other about their personal experiences with it. A woman who works for the Ohio state government in Columbus said during a Pew focus group: “People are making too difficult of a choice every day: Do I go to work? Or do I take care of this person who I love dearly?” But Americans are torn about the government’s role. Only half of people over all and   of Republicans think it should mandate leave, versus continuing to let employers decide.   percent of Democrats supported a government mandate. Most people say employers should pay for leave instead. “I don’t think the government should pay for it because, I mean, we’d all be paying for it anyway because it would be in our taxes,” a Denver father and sales manager said in the focus group. Respondents said offering paid leave would help employers recruit and keep good workers. Still, nearly half of respondents said offering paid leave would harm businesses. “You are going to have a much more productive employee, and you’ve also got an employee who has better health, their children have better health,” said a mother in Denver who runs a small business. “But it is hard in the front. It’s a huge expense. ” The debate over family leave seems to have moved on from whether mothers should work to how to help working families, and people are increasingly likely to think of caregiving as a responsibility shared by men and women. Most people said a paid leave policy should be available to both sexes: 81 percent of Democrats and 62 percent of Republicans. Opinions about paternity leave illustrate the shift: 82 percent of adults under 30 said new fathers should get it, and 55 percent of those over 65. Yet women still shoulder the bulk of caregiving, and especially for conservative voters, opinions about gender roles color their views on paid leave, said Aparna Mathur, a resident scholar at the American Enterprise Institute, a conservative think tank. “The feeling that policies that encourage women to be in the work force are not in the best interest of the family is pervasive among Republicans,” Ms. Mathur said. “But having access to these policies is really critical for these working families who are not in a position to even choose do I go back to work or not. ” Despite the fact that both parents work outside the home in most   families, 44 percent of respondents said it was best if one stayed home.   percent said it should be the mother, and 56 percent said it didn’t matter. Despite the enthusiasm for paid leave, there is disagreement about how to pay for it. The most popular idea was a tax credit to employers who offered leave it was strongly or somewhat supported by 87 percent of respondents. Next was pretax savings accounts for employees to save for leave, supported by 84 percent.   percent of people at least somewhat supported a government fund that employers and employees pay into  —   a policy used in three states. Least popular, with 60 percent support, was a government paid leave program financed through higher taxes on wealthy people or corporations. The Trump administration, which originally suggested six weeks of paid maternity leave paid for by eliminating fraud in unemployment insurance, is now considering more dependable sources of funding and including fathers and adoptive parents. The need is most acute for   workers. Of people employed in the last two years, 16 percent told Pew that they needed to take leave but were unable. They were more likely to be low earners, as well as women, black, Hispanic or without a college degree. One woman, who worked in retail in Denver, had to quit after giving birth she accepted Medicaid and food stamps because her employer gave her no time off. “It was really, really rough,” said another woman, in Birmingham, Ala. who needed to care for her mother but had no leave. “Some days I would just have to let them know I couldn’t come in because I had to assist her, and that would mean not a full paycheck and that was very stressful. ”",0
6066,"‘We Should Take a Drug Test’ Before Debate, Donald Trump Says - The New York Times","PORTSMOUTH, N. H.  —   Escalating his criticism of Hillary Clinton’s debate performances, Donald J. Trump came to a state battling a drug epidemic and suggested without any evidence on Saturday that his opponent had been on drugs during their second debate. “I think we should take a drug test prior to the debate,” Mr. Trump told a crowd of thousands gathered in the parking lot of a Toyota dealership on a chilly afternoon. He continued: “We should take a drug test prior because I don’t know what’s going on with her. But at the beginning of her last debate  —   she was all pumped up at the beginning, and at the end it was like, ‘Oh, take me down.’ She could barely reach her car. ” When asked for comment, the Clinton campaign directed reporters to a statement by Robby Mook, the campaign manager, that was put out earlier in the day in response to Mr. Trump’s allegations of a “rigged” election. “Campaigns should be hard fought and elections hard won, but what is fundamental about the American electoral system is that it is free, fair and open to the people,” Mr. Mook wrote. “Participation in the system  —   and particularly voting  —   should be encouraged, not dismissed or undermined because a candidate is afraid he’s going to lose. ” Mrs. Clinton stepped away from the campaign trail over the weekend to prepare for the third and final presidential debate on Wednesday, and Mr. Trump has spent the week criticizing his opponent’s public schedule as too heavy on “debate prep” while he campaigns around the country. In recent days, Mr. Trump has made increasingly outlandish allegations as he seeks to fend off reports of lewd comments and accusations of sexual assault. Among other things, he has alleged a global media conspiracy and told his followers that the electoral process is being rigged against him. He has also personally insulted and degraded the women who have accused him. Mr. Trump, who said he was willing to take a drug test before the next debate, directed a large portion of his remarks to the drug epidemic. He praised the Comprehensive Addiction and Recovery Act as an “important step in the right direction,” and he called for more drug courts and mandated treatment. “I would dramatically expand access to treatment sites and end Medicaid policies that obstruct inpatient treatment,” he said. Mr. Trump said the government should reduce the amount of   Schedule II opioids like oxycodone that can be made and sold in the United States. He also criticized the Food and Drug Administration, saying that it was too slow to approve addiction recovery medicines and that “we need to move it along. ” He promised that his border wall and policies would help stem the flow of drugs into the country. Mr. Trump praised his running mate, Mike Pence, for increasing “mandatory minimum sentences for the most serious drug offenders” as governor of Indiana, although the candidate himself did not personally endorse the idea. Mr. Trump has often focused on Mrs. Clinton’s health during the presidential race. He claims she lacks the “stamina” to campaign, or to be president. His campaign released an ad this week focusing heavily on her health.",0
6067,Schlacht um Mossul: Steht ein zweites Aleppo bevor?,"syrien , irak , isis In Mossul verbleiben viele Zivilisten. Quelle:AFP / East News 
Der irakische Ministerpräsident Haider al-Abadi hat am 17. Oktober den Beginn der Rückeroberung Mossuls verkündet. Die Großstadt im Norden des Irak ist seit Juni 2014 in den Händen des IS. Je nach Schätzung befinden sich derzeit bis zu 1,5 Millionen Zivilisten und 10 000 IS-Kämpfer in der Stadt. Bis zu 60 000 Mann zogen in den Kampf, um Mossul zu befreien: Kräfte der irakischen Armee, sunnitische und schiitische Einheiten und kurdische Peschmerga-Kämpfer. Die internationale Anti-Terror-Koalition unter US-Führung sorgt für Luftunterstützung. 
„Der Augenblick des großen Sieges ist nah“, erklärte al-Abadi zu Beginn der Offensive. Mehr als eine Woche nach der Verkündung wird jedoch deutlich, dass der Vormarsch der Anti-IS-Kräfte ins Stocken gerät. Gleich nach Beginn der Befreiungsoperation kam es zu Verwerfungen zwischen Bagdad und Ankara. Derweil geht der IS in bereits befreiten Siedlungen zu Gegenoffensiven über. Der republikanische Präsidentschaftskandidat Donald Trump wertete die Operation bereits als ein „totales Desaster“. Wer wird kämpfen? Kampf gegen IS: Russland liefert Waffen an irakische Kurden Der Militärexperte Wladimir Jewsejew, stellvertretender Direktor des Instituts der GUS-Länder, betont, dass die Zahl aufgestellter Truppen an sich nicht aussagekräftig sei: „Die Kurden haben gar nicht vor, Mossul zu befreien“, sagt er. „Sie haben kurdische Gebiete im Stadtumland eingenommen und gehen keinen Schritt weiter. Die Schiiten wird al-Abadi nicht nach Mossul lassen, um Massaker zu verhindern. Und die Türken – die schlagkräftigste Einheit von allen – werden die Stadt nicht stürmen, um eigene Opfer zu vermeiden“, erklärt der Experte. Es bleibe also nur die irakische Regierungsarmee. Dort blühe aber die Korruption und die Zahl der Deserteure sei hoch. „Von den angekündigten 60 000 Mann werden für die Eroberung Mossuls höchstens 30 000 bereitstehen“, sagt Jewsejew. „In einer vom IS stark befestigten urbanen Umgebung reichen diese Kräfte nicht aus.“ Zumal Mossul in westlicher Richtung offen sei, weswegen die IS-Kämpfer ständigen Nachschub bekommen könnten. „Bis zu den US-Präsidentschaftswahlen am 8. November ist die Stadt, anders als die USA es geplant haben, sicherlich nicht einzunehmen.“
Der Nahost-Experte und Politologe Leonid Issajew von der Higher School of Economics ist ebenfalls der Ansicht, dass ein langanhaltender Kampf bevorstehe. „Erst wird man um die Provinz, dann um die Stadt Mossul und dann um jeden einzelnen Stadtteil kämpfen müssen“, sagt er. Die Schlacht werde sich über Monate hinziehen und viele Opfer fordern. Sunniten gegen Schiiten Syrien-Frieden in der Krise: Wie geht es nun weiter? Doch auch wenn der IS in Mossul bezwungen werden sollte, werde das den Irak nicht befrieden, so die Experten. Mit großer Wahrscheinlichkeit würde vor Ort ein neuer – konfessioneller oder ethnischer – Konflikt ausbrechen. Die schiitischen Einheiten hätten in den letzten zwei Jahren die sunnitische Bevölkerung nach der Befreiung vom IS massakriert – wegen der Kooperation mit dem Feind. Die Kurden verfolgten ihre eigenen Interessen: Sie expandierten territorial, wenn sie irakische Städte und Dörfer befreiten. Die arabische Bevölkerung werde verdrängt und kurdische Siedler nähmen ihren Platz ein.
Wie die Nachkriegsordnung in Mossul aussehen könnte, ohne dass es zu ethnischen und religiösen Säuberungen kommt, sei eine nicht weniger wichtige Frage als der Kampf gegen den IS. Wenn viele Religions- und Stammesgruppen nicht der Regierung in Bagdad unterstünden, sei eine solche Ordnung nicht ohne weiteres zu erreichen. Angst vor irakischem Aleppo Machtspielchen auf höchster Ebene: Der Syrien-Konflikt im UN-Sicherheitsrat Ein weiteres Problem: In Mossul verbleiben viele Zivilisten. Seit Beginn der Offensive wurden infolge von Luftschlägen der Koalition bereits Todesopfer unter der Zivilbevölkerung gemeldet.
Jewsejew betont, dass zivile Opfer beim Bombardement von Städten praktisch nicht zu vermeiden seien. Washington verstehe das und versuche eine ähnliche Situation wie in Aleppo zu vermeiden. Dort beschuldigt der Westen Russland und Syrien, Luftschläge gegen die Zivilbevölkerung zu fliegen. 
„Die Amerikaner erklären bereits, sie wollten nicht, dass sich Mossul in ein zweites Aleppo verwandele. Deshalb werden sie die Luftschläge auf ein Minimum zurückschrauben“, sagt Issajew. Zugleich stünden die Vereinigten Staaten vor einem Dilemma: „Das Bombardement führt zu mehr Toten unter den Zivilisten. Bleiben die Luftschläge aber aus, erleiden jene Kräfte Verluste, die die Stadt am Boden stürmen: Washingtons irakische Verbündete. Das erschwere die Einnahme Mossuls und die Koordination der Bodentruppen, so der Experte. RBTH-Check 37 bis 38 Millionen Menschen leben derzeit im Irak. Der Großteil – 75 bis 80 Prozent – sind Araber. Die Kurden sind mit 15 bis 20 Prozent die größte ethnische Minderheit. Sie leben in der Region Irakisches Kurdistan im Norden des Iraks, die seit Kriegsausbruch de facto von Bagdad unabhängig ist. Die Schiiten sind die größte Religionsgemeinschaft des Iraks – sie machen 60 bis 70 Prozent der Bevölkerung aus. Die Sunniten sind eine große Minderheit – 30 bis 40 Prozent. Der Islamische Staat bekennt sich zum sunnitischen Islam und betrachtet Schiiten als Häretiker. Der Norden des Iraks, insbesondere Mossul, wird überwiegend von Sunniten bewohnt. Alle Rechte vorbehalten",0
6068,Comment on Grinnell College warns against ‘deplorable and problematic’ costumes by Joe,"Posted on October 27, 2016 by DCG | 7 Comments 
From Campus Reform : Grinnell College (a private liberal arts college in Iowa) is promoting a guide to help students avoid “cultural appropriation” this Halloween , warning that some costumes could be considered “deplorable and problematic.” (Gee, wonder where they got the idea for the word “deplorable?”) 
The guide provides several examples of costumes that might fit the definition of “cultural appropriation,” defining the term as “the act of displaying people’s cultures in a disrespectful or condescending manner.” 
The guide, called “My Identity, Not Your Costume,” goes on to list several examples of “offensive” Halloween costumes, featuring pictures of Grinnell students holding photos of costumes that would be considered disrespectful towards their culture. 
In one instance, the guide shows a picture of a burly white man dressed in lingerie with a sash proclaiming “Call me Caitlyn,” referring to Caitlyn Jenner. The photo is held by a Grinnell student wearing a “National Coming Out Day” pin, and includes a caption stating, “the misrepresentation of my identity bothers me because people categorize me by my looks and may not understand my culture.” You just don’t understand this culture… 
Another example of culturally appropriated Halloween costumes, according to the guide, is “using other cultures as accessories to appear more hip/interesting without adequate understanding or permission ,” one example of which is a picture of someone dressed as a Hindu deity being held by an Indian student and the message that such costumes are “deplorable and problematic.” 
It then warns students that if their costumes take “defining characteristics of another culture” without “permission , or understanding of the historical background behind the said culture,” then these costumes might be too offensive to wear. 
The guide then concludes with two questions the school thinks students should consider before selecting a Halloween costume, asking, “Does your costume perpetuate stereotypes or inaccurately portray my culture as a joke?” as well as “Why would I find your ‘Halloween costume’ to be offensive?” 
Campus Reform reached out to Grinnell for a comment on the matter but did not receive a response in time for publication. 
To donate to Campus Reform , go here . 
DCG",0
6069,WaPo’s Jennifer Rubin: Dems Will Take the House in 2018 and Then Push to Impeach Trump - Breitbart,"Saturday, The Washington Post’s Jennifer Rubin predicted on MSNBC’s “AM Joy” that the Democrats will take control of the House in the 2018 midterm elections and then move to impeach President Donald Trump.  Host Joy Reid asked, “I want to do a quick round robin and take your guys’ temperature on the likelihood of impeachment  —   impeachment with Republicans leading it, impeachment with Democrats leading it, or no impeachment at all. Jennifer Rubin, what of those three things do you think will happen?” “I think the Republicans will lose the House in 2018 and the Democrats will move to impeach,” Rubin responded. Follow Trent Baker on Twitter @MagnifiTrent",0
6070,‘Rogue One’ Reviews: Here’s What the Critics Say - The New York Times,"Movie critics got their first look at “Rogue One: A Star Wars Story” on Monday night. As their reviews spread across the internet on Tuesday, it became clear there was little consensus about the film. The reviews were mostly positive, but there were several notable exceptions. Let’s start with, oh, to pick one at random, The New York Times. A. O. Scott called it a “thoroughly mediocre movie” with “a surprisingly hackish script. ” On MTV, Amy Nicholson said the film’s director, Gareth Edwards, had an opportunity to “explore a   frontier,” but instead, “we’re trapped on a   cruise to the moon. ” The Miami Herald was also underwhelmed. Rene Rodriguez said the end was rousing, but the journey there was “about as exciting as a long drive down the Florida Turnpike. ” In USA Today, Brian Truitt said the movie was undermined by its ties to the original trilogy, and it “misses a real chance to turn the familiar into something remarkable. ” Stephanie Zacharek wrote in Time that it was “almost pedantic in its inoffensiveness. ” The New Yorker was perhaps the most harsh. Calling the film “lobotomized and depersonalized,” Richard Brody wondered: Is it time to abandon the “Star Wars” franchise? Several other critics were far more complimentary, and some even considered it among the best of the eight films in the “Star Wars” canon. Entertainment Weekly’s Chris Nashawaty said the film “gets the obsessive    curiosity that the most rabid ‘Star Wars’ fans have always had. ” Richard Lawson wrote in Vanity Fair that it is “a bracing and dizzying marvel, propulsively pitched and even, I dare say, moving. ” Jen Yamato in The Daily Beast declared it the best “Star Wars” movie since “The Empire Strikes Back. ” In Variety, Peter Debruge said it is “not the crass   skeptics may have feared. ” In Rolling Stone, Peter Travers said the spinoff “has the same primitive,   emotional, loopy, let’     spirit that made us fall in love with the original trilogy. In Wired, Angela Watercutter said it was unfairly burdened by the inevitable discussion of how it fit into the postelection climate in the United States. Bryan Bishop wrote in The Verge that several of the characters “feel thin and undefined” and struggled with the workload of building itself from the ground up. Peter Bradshaw wrote in The Guardian that it was an “exhilarating,   and enjoyable adventure. ” In The Chicago Tribune, Michael Phillips said it is “rough around the edges, hectic in its crosscutting but increasingly effective as kinetic cinema. ” In Deadline, Pete Hammond called it “a rousing and wholly entertaining take that proves you don’t have to go along with the recipe in order to serve up a satisfying meal for fans and   alike. ”",0
6071,Feeling a Chill? Blame the Polar Vortex. And Global Warming. - The New York Times,"On Thursday, temperatures on the East Coast are expected to plummet, and some people  —   fellow journalists and weather broadcasters, we’re looking at you  —   may start talking about a “polar vortex. ” We thought you might want to know what the polar vortex is, and what it’s not. (And we wanted to   the inevitable chatter about climate change that usually crops up when the thermometer drops  —   “It’s   cold, how could the Earth be warming?” We’ll tell you how.) First, the polar vortex always exists. That catchy,   phrase is another term for the polar jet streams, which are caused by   and cold air, encircling both poles. They swirl from west to east, centered around the poles. When a dip in the polar vortex comes to our part of the world, it’s usually the result of a change in pressure, which disturbs the swirl, and can push the frosty Arctic air south, according to Faye Barthold, a meteorologist with the National Weather Service. And the Arctic jet stream (or polar vortex) can sometimes dip far enough south that it allows the cold air to travel down to places that do not normally have Arctic conditions, like wherever you live. When there is this dip in the jet stream that brings cold to the East, there’s usually a countervailing loop that takes warm air into Alaska or the Arctic. In the last few years, a frozen East has often coincided with a warm Alaska. But this phenomenon is not exclusive to North America  —   the polar vortex can freeze Europe and Asia, too. When the Arctic jet stream moves back north, it sort of forces the cold air to travel back that way, too, Ms. Barthold said, and that is why the frigid temperatures brought by the polar vortex are usually  . But for it to bring   cold temperatures, it usually has to come to us straight from the Arctic, as opposed to dipping somewhere else in the country, and then moving to wherever you are. That’s because as the cold air stays at lower latitudes, it warms up, gaining heat from adjacent warmer air. And those super cold temperatures may generally be brought our way by the polar vortex, but cold winter weather is not always a result of Arctic air moving right into our midst. When these cold snaps come, you may hear other people asking,” If global warming is supposed to be warming the globe, then why is it so cold?” Well, for starters, there is a difference between weather and climate. Climate refers to the   averages and trends in atmospheric conditions over large areas, while weather deals with   variations, which is what happens when the polar vortex visits your hometown. And of course, an Arctic blast can still occur in a warmer world. The air that comes down from the North Pole might not be as cold, Ms. Barthold said, but it would still be the product of the same phenomenon. Some studies suggest that climate change could actually make these frigid waves of Arctic air more common, a result of shrinking sea ice. However, other scientists remain skeptical of this theory. And the earth is definitely warming: Temperature records show that, by the end of last year, the earth’s surface had warmed by about 1. 8 degrees Fahrenheit since the 19th century. But even though the earth’s surface is warming, scientists say that winter will still exist. And even if parts of the United States are experiencing unusually cold temperatures, it represents such a small portion of the earth’s surface  —   about 2 percent  —   that it does not mean much in terms of average global temperatures. So, if, for instance, a senator (perhaps James M. Inhofe, Republican of Oklahoma) brandishes a snowball on the floor of the Senate to dispute the validity of climate science when a chill wind blows through Washington, you will know that the unseasonably cold temperatures he is talking about do not mean that global warming is not happening. It is.",0
6072,I Received A Jarring Death Threat From A Clinton Supporter Because I'm Working For The GOP,"Share on Twitter IJR Opinion is an opinion platform and any opinions or information put forth by contributors are exclusive to them and do not represent the views of IJR. 
I had my life threatened, and I didn’t ask for it. 
Maybe it had something to do with the fact that a deranged moron woke up on the wrong side of the bed on a Monday morning, or maybe it’s because I’m in a leadership position for my local Republican Party in a bellwether county. Maybe both. Either way, it was chilling. 
I got the email when I woke up at 7 a.m. on a Monday morning, right as I was getting ready for a busy week. As someone who works in public relations and media, I’m bound at the hip to my email inbox. 
Needless to say, the email with the subject line “BOMB” instantly caught my eye. I opened it. “This has to be a joke,” I thought. Another political fundraising email? After all, desperate times do call for desperate measures. 
“You Nazi f***ing Republicans are going to blow up to pieces,” it began: 
“You won't live to see the election day, and when your friends talk about how great you and your family WERE, other motherf***ing Republican a**holes would know how dangerous it is to insult the U.S. soon-to-be president Hillary Clinton.” 
Swell. The election hasn’t even happened yet, and I’m already about to get droned by President Hillary Clinton. Alex Jones was right. Well, at least I’ll go down in a blaze of glory. 
It continued: 
“You have no idea what a liar your gun-loving daughter-molesting pig of a candidate is, but don't worry, I'm gonna show you who he is and how much he really cares about you f***ers who are about to die for him. Sit tight, it'll be over soon.” 
And that was it. My immediate reaction was to send a quick reply, a snarky “Nice to meet you too” or “Do you even know me?” But I didn’t. 
For the record, I’ve meticulously tiptoed around expressing public sentiments for or against Donald Trump. Anyone involved in a GOP leadership role is obligated to support whomever the GOP nominates. And if you refuse to back the candidate, you shouldn’t publicly oppose or speak out against said candidate. Plus, there are curtains on the voting booth for a reason. 
But as far as the Republican Party is concerned, I have never been a fan of Donald Trump. Heck, I spent months of my life campaigning against Donald Trump in the GOP primaries. And while I am most definitely disgusted by Donald Trump’s comments about women and social issues - and I think I can speak for many lifelong conservatives in my shoes - we should all be completely repulsed by this kind of attempt to threaten or undermine our democratic system through threat of physical harm. 
Anyone who threatens someone else’s life because of alleged support for Donald Trump (or any other candidate) is threatening a pillar of freedom that makes our republic great. The threat I received this past week is hardly an isolated case, either. It is merely one example of many acts of violence taking place against people of differing viewpoints. David French of National Review wrote a particularly jarring account. 
You can bet that no matter the outcome on November 8th, there will be textbooks of postmortems about what happened this year. But it goes without saying that in the most contentious presidential election in recent memory, we seem to have forgotten who we are. 
We’ve all “unfollowed” Facebook friends of opposing viewpoints, sent regrettably nasty in-the-moment texts to people with whom we disagreed, and engaged in shameless schadenfreude at the demise of both political parties. 
But despite our differences, I think Americans can all agree on one thing: we have a right to vote for whoever we think will be the best leader for our country. As Thomas Paine once said: 
“The right of voting for representatives is the primary right by which other rights are protected. To take away this right is to reduce a man to slavery, for slavery consists in being subject to the will of another.” 
Anyone who threatens the life of a fellow citizen because of his or her support for a candidate is attempting to attach a price tag of fear and risk to a vote. 
Despite intimidation, violence, despair, and bomb threats - go vote. Volunteer. In the meantime, you’ll be silently laughing in the face of those who want to destroy our democracy. ",0
6073,"In The Last 24 Hours, Sean Hannity Has Undergone Some Sort Of Mental Breakdown","Google Pinterest Digg Linkedin Reddit Stumbleupon Print Delicious Pocket Tumblr 
It’s been a weird 24 hours if you happen to live inside the head of Sean Hannity. The Fox News pundit and Trump propagandist has been live tweeting some sort of mental breakdown and it’s entirely unclear what the endgame is. 
It started like this: For reasons unknown, on his radio show Hannity told listeners that he would be asking Donald Trump for help in shipping the Obama family – all of whom are Americans – to Kenya after the election. 
If you’re saying to yourself “Wow, that sounds pretty racist” the answer is yes, yes it is . There is no universe in which a person telling America’s first black president to go back to Africa cannot be construed as a racist statement. That is, unless you happen to reside in the fantasy world that Sean Hannity currently lives in. 
After getting rightfully hammered for the comments, Hannity either got very drunk or had a psychotic break and tweeted out a profoundlymisspelled defense of what he said. The tweets wouldn’t pass a breathalyzer. 
Tweet #1 (now deleted): 
Liberal media. It’s was Josh Ernest who refuse to amswee teh ? Will Obama stay in the US if DT wins. I mentioned I’d pay a charter to … 
“amswee teh ?” Really? 
Tweet #2 (now deleted): 
Liberal media 2 Any country they choose. 1- Canada where the satire piece was written Kenya where he visited 
The second tweet also linked to the website of infamous conservative provocateur Chuck Johnson, a racist white nationalist who once proposed the theory that Obama was a gay prostitute. Johnson is so morally repugnant that he was officially permanently banned from ever holding an account on Twitter. 
After waking up, Hannity got back on Twitter to do damage control. According to him, these incoherent cries for help weren’t what they looked like, he just didn’t have his glasses on… Half asleep and didn't put my glasses on. Lol. I wish I had a better excuse. https://t.co/GUvw7ef2AV 
— Sean Hannity (@seanhannity) October 27, 2016 
He also doubled down on his defense of telling Obama to go to Africa. I said I'll send him anywhere he wants to go. I mentioned Canada first, Kenya where part of his family is today, Jakarta where he once lived https://t.co/wvNxCMTXYu 
— Sean Hannity (@seanhannity) October 27, 2016 
None of which “answee teh ?” of why the Obama family should be exiled to another country in the first place. Glasses or not, that’s a level of fascist thinking that has been relatively unthinkable in American democracy. Only since the rise of Trump, and his avowed policy of going after his political and personal enemies after he’s elected, would the idea of banning a former president from the country even be imagined. Now it’s being normalized by a Fox News pundit with an audience of millions. 
Sean Hannity has been a hack for many years, but Donald Trump finally completely severed his grip on reality. We’re witnessing what happens when a man with major delusions gets to indulge them in front of an audience of millions each night on a major network – and it isn’t pretty. 
Featured image via Fox News Share this Article!",0
6074,"Former GOP Congressman Goes Full Trump, Encourages Armed Revolt If Clinton Wins","By Sean Colarossi on Wed, Oct 26th, 2016 at 7:36 pm This type of language from someone who used to be a member of the United States Congress is abhorrent, but it's also to be expected in the Trump era of American politics. Share on Twitter Print This Post 
Hopefully, as a country, we’ll return to a time in our politics when violent language is shocking and rare. But this year, when the man at the top of the Republican ticket has repeatedly encouraged his supporters to revolt if he loses, isn’t likely to be that time. 
On Wednesday, former GOP Congressman Joe Walsh, a right-wing extremist who now hosts a talk radio show, followed his nominee’s lead and told urged his Twitter followers to grab their guns on Nov. 9 if Hillary Clinton is elected. 
Tweet: On November 8th, I’m voting for Trump. 
On November 9th, if Trump loses, I’m grabbing my musket. 
You in? 
— Joe Walsh (@WalshFreedom) October 26, 2016 
This type of language from someone who used to be – and thankfully no longer is – a member of the United States Congress is abhorrent, but it’s also to be expected in the Trump era of American politics. 
After all, not long ago Trump himself instructed his supporters to revolt if Clinton decides to fulfill her constitutional duty and nominate Supreme Court judges. 
“If she gets to pick her judges, nothing you can do, folks,” the Republican nominee said. “Although the Second Amendment people — maybe there is, I don’t know.” 
More recently, Trump said that he’d like to see what happens if Clinton’s bodyguards were disarmed. 
“I think her bodyguards should drop all weapons. Disarm immediately,” he said. “Take their guns away, let’s see what happens to her.” 
Not only does Walsh’s rhetoric align perfectly with what Trump has suggested at various points throughout this campaign, but it’s also a continuation of dangerous language that the former Republican congressman seems to enjoy using. 
Earlier in the year, when five police officers were gunned down in Dallas, Walsh blamed President Obama, tweeting: “This is now war. Watch out Obama. Watch out black lives matter punks. Real America is coming after you.” 
Before Trump hit the scene, this type of rhetoric existed, but it often only came from the most extreme elements in either party. Now it has the encouragement of a major party presidential nominee. 
On Nov. 9, we shouldn’t hope that people take up arms to protest the results of the election. We should hope that when Trump loses, he’ll take a lot of this dangerous rhetoric with him.",0
6075,Jake Gyllenhaal on His Return to Broadway: Not So Fast - The New York Times,"Jake Gyllenhaal is delaying his return to Broadway. A revival of Lanford Wilson’s “Burn This,” starring Mr. Gyllenhaal, that was scheduled to begin performances in February at a    Hudson Theater, is instead being postponed, the producers Stacey Mindich and Jessica R. Jenen said in a brief statement Friday evening. They said the postponement was “due to scheduling conflicts with the show’s star,” and that “the show is now aiming for its Broadway bow during the   season. ” Mr. Gyllenhaal, primarily known for his work on film, has appeared on Broadway once before, in “Constellations,” a   play by Nick Payne, which ran for three months in 2014 and 2015. The Ambassador Theater Group, which is reconverting the Hudson from a hotel event space into a theater, said it plans to announce another production soon. Mr. Gyllenhaal’s fans, however, have another opportunity to see him onstage in New York: Next week he is scheduled to star in four concert performances of “Sunday in the Park with George” at New York City Center.",0
6076,Hillary Clinton Makes Dire Predictions for Economy if Donald Trump Wins - The New York Times,"COLUMBUS, Ohio  —   Hillary Clinton pounded away on Tuesday at Donald J. Trump’s business record and economic proposals, seeking to turn his claims of astounding financial success and genius against him and predicting a recession and global panic if he is elected president. In a stern but     speech at an education center garage here, Mrs. Clinton took care to intermingle the policy proclamations of Mr. Trump and his professed image as a business success of the highest order. “Donald Trump has said he’s qualified to be president because of his business record,” Mrs. Clinton said. “A few days ago he said  —   and I quote  —   ‘I’m going to do for the country what I did for my business.’ So let’s take a look. ” Though she leveled predictable blows against various   products, noting that many items  —   Trump ties, Trump steaks, Trump furniture  —   were made outside the United States, Mrs. Clinton’s most pointed refrains sought to depict Mr. Trump, her presumptive Republican opponent, as an enemy to the very people he had claimed to champion in the primary. She checked off the stumbles of his casino business in Atlantic City disparaged his companies’ bankruptcies (Mr. Trump’s many books about business “all seem to end at Chapter 11,” she joked) and insisted that his “one move” in business and politics was to make “   promises” and then let people down. Mrs. Clinton invoked her father, who owned a small drapery business in Chicago, as she described Mr. Trump’s history of failing to pay painters, waiters, plumbers and other contractors who had completed work for him. “My late father was a ” she said. “If his customers had done what Trump did, my dad would never have made it. So I take this personally. ” She added, “This is not normal behavior. ” The barrage comes at a perilous moment for Mr. Trump, who fired his campaign manager on Monday and faces severe disadvantages in   and    organization. One supporter introducing Mrs. Clinton said gleefully that the campaign had more staff members in Ohio than Mr. Trump had nationwide. Although polls often show that voters see Mrs. Clinton as more qualified than Mr. Trump on foreign policy, her economic views have not always been an easy sell. In the Democratic primary race, she was dogged by criticism of her support for trade deals struck during the administrations of her husband and President Obama. Mr. Trump, posting repeatedly on Twitter to counter Mrs. Clinton, said he planned to make his own “big speech” Wednesday to discuss her “failed policies and bad judgment. ” The Trump campaign, which has seldom engaged in rapid response, also sent a barrage of news releases to reporters in an effort to undercut Mrs. Clinton’s arguments. Their subjects included Bill Clinton’s former position on the board of a   college, the loss of manufacturing jobs since 1993 and a slew of negative headlines about economic indicators under President Obama. In one Twitter post, Mr. Trump seemed to embrace a label Mrs. Clinton had tried to make stick: that he had referred to himself as the “king of debt. ” “I am ‘the king of debt,’” Mr. Trump wrote on Tuesday. “That has been great for me as a businessman, but is bad for the country. I made a fortune off of debt, will fix U. S. ” Mrs. Clinton had taken Mr. Trump to task for suggesting that the United States might default on its debts under his leadership, arguing that Alexander Hamilton, the first Treasury secretary, “would be rolling in his grave. ” “The full faith and credit of the United States is not something you just gamble away,” she said, predicting that because the global economy “hangs on every word our president says,” even raising the possibility of a default “would cause a global panic. ” At one point, she ridiculed Mr. Trump’s suggestion that he could “sell off America’s assets” if necessary. “Even if we sold all our aircraft carriers and the Statue of Liberty, even if we let some billionaire turn Yosemite into a private country club,” she said, “we still wouldn’t even get close. ” Mrs. Clinton attacked Mr. Trump on several other issues, including immigration and pay equality for women. She also ridiculed Mr. Trump for saying that climate change was a “hoax invented by the Chinese,” noting that it was “a lot easier to say a problem doesn’t exist than it is to actually try to solve it. ” The speech on Tuesday was the centerpiece of a coordinated attack on Mr. Trump’s fiscal sense. On Tuesday morning, Mrs. Clinton’s team released a video, “Bad Businessman,” featuring clips of figures including Mitt Romney and Senators Marco Rubio and Elizabeth Warren insulting assorted   ventures. “What ever happened to Trump Airlines?” Mr. Romney asks in one excerpt, taken from a speech he made in March that struck a similar tone to Mrs. Clinton’s. The campaign introduced a website, Artofthesteal. biz, detailing Mr. Trump’s checkered history in Atlantic City, his father’s role in bolstering his fortunes and his constellation of enterprises. By early evening, Mr. Trump’s team had responded with its own site, LyingCrookedHillary. com, which was not immediately functional but would be in coming days, according to the campaign. In her next scheduled public appearance, on Wednesday in Raleigh, N. C. Mrs. Clinton is expected to shift to a more positive message, outlining her vision for what she has labeled a “growth and fairness economy. ” Her plans include increasing the minimum wage, closing tax loopholes that encourage companies to move jobs overseas and expanding benefits for working families. Mrs. Clinton has leaned this week on an analysis for Moody’s Analytics led by Mark Zandi, who she noted was an economic adviser to John McCain’s 2008 presidential campaign. The report predicted that Mr. Trump’s proposals on trade, taxation immigration and spending would produce a lengthy downturn and significant job losses, particularly hurting   and   workers. Mrs. Clinton quoted from the report during her speech. But moments before her remarks, Mr. Trump’s campaign emailed reporters, noting Mr. Zandi’s ties to Democrats. He has donated to Mrs. Clinton’s campaign. As she wrapped up, Mrs. Clinton reiterated a campaign theme  —   “Stronger Together”  —   that has become more prominent in recent weeks, and argued that Mr. Trump “believes in the worst of us” and cannot be trusted at the controls. Mr. Trump still seemed to be watching. “Hillary defrauded America as Secy of State,” he wrote on Twitter. “She used it as a personal hedge fund to get herself rich! Corrupt, dangerous, dishonest. ”",0
6077,Cleveland Indians Rattled By Deafening Sound Of Wrigley Field Crowd’s Indigestion - The Onion - America's Finest News Source,"Cleveland Indians Rattled By Deafening Sound Of Wrigley Field Crowd’s Indigestion Close Vol 52 Issue 42 · Sports · Baseball 
CHICAGO—Barely able to communicate through the din of thunderous noise during Game 3 of the World Series, members of the Cleveland Indians admitted Friday to being completely rattled by the deafening sound of the Wrigley Field crowd’s indigestion. “It’s so loud—I’ve never heard anything like this before,” said Indians infielder Mike Napoli, whose voice was barely audible over the booming growls of Cubs fans’ stomachs reverberating throughout the stadium, with experts estimating that the roar of the crowd’s indigestion reached as loud as 120 decibels. “It started off as some pretty intense rumbling before the game, but by the second inning, all the gurgling was just ear-splitting. I swear, it feels like the whole stadium is shaking.” At press time, with pitcher Kyle Hendricks one strike away from ending the top half of the fourth inning, sources confirmed that Wrigley Field erupted into deafening groans as Cubs fans attempted to climb out of their seats to stand up. Share This Story: WATCH VIDEO FROM THE ONION Sign up For The Onion's Newsletter 
Give your spam filter something to do. Daily Headlines ",0
6078,"Kohei Uchimura Leads Japan to Gymnastics Gold, Dethroning China - The New York Times","RIO DE JANEIRO  —   Japan returned to the top of the men’s gymnastics world, beating Russia and China in the team event at the Olympics. The event was a renewal of the longtime gymnastics rivalry between Japan and China. China won the last two gold medals, in 2008 and 2012. But Japan has Kohei Uchimura, the world’s best gymnast  —   and perhaps the best ever  —   anchoring their team. In the final rotation, Japan took on Russia    in the floor exercise, holding a slim 0. 208 lead. Japan went first. After an outstanding score from Kenzo Shirai and a good one from Ryohei Kato, Uchimura locked down the win with a 15. 6. Combined, it was the best team floor exercise score of the night. It was the end of a dominant night for Uchimura, who started strong with a 15. 100 on the pommel horse, below. Russia could not match those scores and had to settle for second. China won the bronze. Russia had been the early leader after strong horse and rings performances, including a 15. 7 by Denis Abliazin on rings. Japan rallied on the vault and parallel bars and took the lead on the high bar. Abliazin, below, and the Russians came up short on the floor routine later in the night, allowing Japan to seal the victory. Russia met with some jeers from the crowd, as it has at other events in the aftermath of reports of   doping. China was making early mistakes. You Hao stumbled on his rings landing. More stumbles followed on the vault, normally a chance to pick up high scores. A big parallel bars, including a stellar one by You, thrust China back into medal contention. The Americans got off to a slow start on their first apparatus, floor exercise, when two of their three gymnasts, Alexander Naddour, below, and Sam Mikulak, tumbled out of bounds. Next up was the horse, where Danell Leyva slipped on the dismount, leading to another low score and seriously denting United States medal hopes. Better performances followed, but Leyva fell on the high bar, and the team could finish no better than fifth.",0
6079,Comment on Enjoy some “period positive meditative coloring” with this new book! by Steven Broiles,"3 responses to “ Enjoy some “period positive meditative coloring” with this new book! ” David | November 4, 2016 at 7:02 am | Reply 
Sounds like she is trying to make money of a medical condition that women have no choice but to endure! Maybe if mothers would teach their children, both girls AND boys about female ministration the stigma would go away! Women that refuse to teach their daughters about this problem ARE the problem. Many a young girl that did not know about ministration freak out the first time. If that happens at school even other more educated girls laugh at them and make fun of the unsuspecting girl. I have known of a few in my life time!",0
6080,Trump’s H-1B Crackdown Upsets Chamber of Commerce,"While President Donald Trump amasses praise from labor unions and   work advocates for his cracking down on abuse within the   visa program, the U. S. Chamber of Commerce is distressed by the executive order. [The U. S. Chamber of Commerce slammed Trump’s order, which mandates that the Departments of Justice, Labor, and Homeland Security conduct legal reviews of the   system and its impacts on American labor.  “Economic growth requires a skilled workforce, so it should be a priority to make sure American workers have the skills required to fill open jobs with American companies,” the Chamber wrote in a statement. “It would be a mistake to close the door on   workers from around the world who can contribute to American businesses’ growth and expansion and make the U. S. more competitive around the world. The   program plays an important role in addressing this need, but it can be improved. ” The U. S. Chamber of Commerce’s statement also claims the organization supports Trump’s ‘Buy American’ initiative, but said “expanding current ‘Buy American’ rules in U. S. law would make it more difficult to spur growth and jobs here at home. ” Rather than reforming or ending the   visa program, which gives at least 85, 000 U. S.  jobs to foreign workers every year, the Chamber said they would prefer an expansion. “If the goal is to grow the economy and create jobs, which the administration has indicated, it’s important to open more procurement markets for American companies and attract the best and brightest talent,” the statement read. “We look forward to working with the administration to accomplish those shared goals. ” The U. S. Chamber of Commerce touts their support for “a legal status” for illegal immigrants on their website, despite the harmful impacts it would have on American workers. As Breitbart News has reported, there are perhaps 1. 8 million foreign guest workers in the U. S. despite 4 million young Americans entering the workforce every year. If the   visa program had never been introduced and enacted, computer science job availability in the labor market would be up 11 percent and wages in the tech industry would have increased by five percent, Breitbart News reported. With American voters, the   visa remains incredibly unpopular, since only 30 percent of Americans said in a recent poll that the   visa is necessary, Breitbart Texas reported. John Binder is a contributor for Breitbart Texas. Follow him on Twitter at @JxhnBinder.",0
6081,"One by One, ISIS Social Media Experts Are Killed as Result of F.B.I. Program - The New York Times","WASHINGTON  —   In the summer of 2015, armed American drones over eastern Syria stalked Junaid Hussain, an influential hacker and recruiter for the Islamic State. For weeks, Mr. Hussain was careful to keep his young stepson by his side, and the drones held their fire. But late one night, Mr. Hussain left an internet cafe alone, and minutes later a Hellfire missile killed him as he walked between two buildings in Raqqa, Syria, the Islamic State’s de facto capital. Mr. Hussain, a    from Birmingham, England, was a leader of a band of   computer specialists who had given a   megaphone to Islamic State propaganda and exhorted online followers to carry out attacks in the West. One by one, American and allied forces have killed the most important of roughly a dozen members of the cell, which the F. B. I. calls “the Legion,” as part of a secretive campaign that has largely silenced a powerful voice that led to a surge of counterterrorism activity across the United States in 2015 as young men and women came under the influence of its propaganda. American military, intelligence and law enforcement officials acknowledge that the Islamic State still retains a sophisticated social media arm that could still inspire attacks like those in San Bernardino, Calif. and in Orlando, Fla. and remains a potent foe suspected of maintaining clandestine cells in Europe. But they point to the coordinated effort against the Legion as evidence of the success the United States has had in reducing the Islamic State’s ability to direct, enable or inspire attacks against the West. Initially the threat posed by the Legion was primarily seen as a problem for law enforcement officials. But as the threat worsened last year, and the F. B. I. stepped up the monitoring of terrorism suspects around the country, the bureau pressed the military to focus on the group, according to current and former American officials. While American and British forces conducted a series of drone strikes on members of the group, the F. B. I. sifted through thousands of the Legion’s followers on social media to figure out who had actually been inspired to take action. In the last two years, it has arrested nearly 100 people in cases involving the terrorist group. Several of the arrests were of people who had direct contact with the Legion. Many of the others involved were “folks who first came on our radar because we became aware of them” through their connections with Hussain and Reyaad Khan, also a British citizen, who was another leader of the group, according to Andrew McCabe, deputy director of the F. B. I. Mr. Hussain wore a number of hats, including that of a hacker. He was linked to the release of personal information on more than 1, 300 American military and government employees. In March 2015, his group posted the names and addresses of service members with instructions: “Kill them in their own lands, behead them in their own homes, stab them to death as they walk their streets thinking they are safe. ” More important were Mr. Hussain’s efforts as an online recruiter. According to court records, Mr. Hussain communicated with at least four men in four states, imploring them to initiate attacks or help spread the Islamic State’s message. Mr. Hussain was behind a plot to behead Pamela Geller, the author of a conservative blog. In early 2015, Mr. Hussain began communicating with Usaamah Abdullah Rahim, 26, and gave him instructions to kill Ms. Geller. Mr. Rahim abruptly abandoned the plan and decided instead to kill a police officer in the Boston area. The bureau was monitoring him, and Mr. Rahim was shot and killed in June 2015 after he confronted an F. B. I. surveillance team with a knife. The F. B. I. also arrested two of Mr. Rahim’s associates, whom prosecutors say were involved in the plot. Mr. Hussain’s associates were also busy. Another Briton, named Raphael Hostey, was in touch with Mohammed Hamzah Khan, 19, of Bolingbrook, Ill. Mr. Khan tried to travel to Syria with his two younger siblings before he was arrested by the F. B. I. In another plot that the F. B. I. disrupted, Mr. Hussain instructed an Ohio college student named Munir Abdulkader to kidnap a member of the military and record his killing on video. Mr. Hussain then asked Mr. Abdulkader to attack a police station in the Cincinnati area. As Mr. Abdulkader prepared for the suicide operation, he told Mr. Hussain about his prowess on the shooting range. Mr. Hussain responded: “Next time ul be shooting kuffar in their face and stomach. ” Kuffar is a derogatory term for  . Mr. Abdulkader, 22, who was born in Eritrea, was arrested and pleaded guilty in July to material support for terrorism and plotting to kill a member of the military and police officers. He was sentenced to 20 years in prison. And last year, the F. B. I. arrested a  North Carolina man, Justin Nolan Sullivan, then 19, and charged him with trying to provide material support to the Islamic State. Federal prosecutors say he planned to target a public venue in a mass shooting. The authorities said that Mr. Sullivan and Mr. Hussain had discussed making a video of the attack for use as propaganda. When Mr. Sullivan’s parents voiced concerns about their son buying a silencer, he approached an undercover F. B. I. employee about killing them. Mr. Sullivan, who described Mr. Hussain as part of the Islamic State “cyberteam,” was also charged with fatally shooting his    neighbor in the head. A senior American law enforcement official described the spring and summer of 2015 as a “nightmare” for the F. B. I. A spike in terrorism activity left the F. B. I. reeling. The strain was so great, said the F. B. I. director, James B. Comey, that the bureau was struggling to keep pace with the threat, forcing it to move criminal officers to surveillance squads. But then, carrying out one strike after the next, American and British forces set out to destroy the Legion. Mr. Hostey was reported killed in May. Several months later, Reyaad Khan was killed in a drone strike. An Australian, Neil Prakash, was targeted in a strike around the same time. A senior American official said that Mr. Prakash was wounded but survived. In the last few weeks, however, a Middle Eastern government arrested Mr. Prakash, another senior American military official said. Mr. Hussain died in August 2015. His wife, Sally Jones, a former punk rock musician from southeastern England, who went with him to Raqqa, is believed to be alive. Shawn Parson, who was Trinidadian and in Mr. Hussain’s circle, was also killed. American officials say they have been surprised that the Islamic State has failed to replace Mr. Hussain and the other members of the Legion with hackers of comparable ability. But the F. B. I. is still grappling with Mr. Hussain’s legacy. “We are still dealing with the repercussions of that development and that recruitment of that network to this day,” said Mr. McCabe, the F. B. I. official.",0
6082,"‘This Is Your Brain on Drugs,’ Tweaked for Today’s Parents - The New York Times","For a generation of   adolescents, it was an indelible image: an egg, sizzling in a frying pan, representing “your brain on drugs. ” It was a straightforward message, and the ad’s final line  —   “Any questions?”  —   asked as the egg white clouded and cooked, was strictly rhetorical. Three decades later, the Partnership for   Kids (the group formerly known as the Partnership for a   America) is bringing the frying pan out of retirement and firing up the stove again. But this time questions are the point. The group hopes it can tap into the nostalgia parents may have for the old frying egg ad while also letting them know their children do indeed want answers about drugs. “‘Any questions’ was the end. Now it’s the beginning,” said Scott Seymour, chief creative officer at BFG Communications, which created print and digital banner ads for the new campaign. “The landscape of drugs has really gotten a lot more complex, so we took this idea of having a succession of questions delivered by kids,” he said. The group drew on real inquiries from parents to develop the questions featured in the ads, which cover topics like prescription drugs and marijuana legalization. Children today feel empowered and entitled to ask questions about drugs, and parents are more willing to entertain those questions, observers say. “Because of parenting styles today, parents are engaged with their kids in a different way,” said Kristi Rowe, chief marketing officer at the Partnership for   Kids. “They’re really stumped by the questions. They don’t know how to answer them. ” The new ads open with an egg frying in a pan, as in the original, but then build on that by showing children asking their questions. Parents are then pointed to the partnership’s website, which offers suggestions for how to answer questions like if and when prescription drugs are O. K. how marijuana can be “bad” if it’s also legal, and whether or not parents tried drugs when they were younger. (The partnership calls that one the toughest to address.) “There’s definitely been a shift in parents wanting to answer those questions thoughtfully,” said Jo Shoesmith, chief creative officer at Campbell Ewald, the agency that worked on the new TV spot. “Hence the execution where we start off asking those questions. ” The campaign includes print and digital advertising, as well as a television spot that begins this week, with a   by the actress Allison Janney (“The West Wing,” “Mom”). Ms. Rowe said all of the creative work, print space and airtime were donated. “It would have cost us well over $1 million, just from the production values alone,” she said. Getting networks to donate commercial time to air a public service announcement is a huge advantage for groups like the partnership, but the drawback is that networks have more latitude about when they choose to show the ads than they would with a paying customer. Working with an already familiar motif like the fried egg takes some of the pressure off the partnership because the ad does not have to waste time introducing the organization and its goals to the audience. “It’s one of the most famous P. S. A. campaigns of all time,” said Adam Duhachek, a professor of marketing at Indiana University, adding that nostalgia can be a very effective tool for marketers. “We see lots of examples of it being done, so I think it’s one of the tropes advertisers continually rely on,” he said. “I think they’re hoping that the success they had 30 years ago and this powerful visual metaphor will still resonate. ” Since this new campaign is aimed at parents rather than their children, the famous tag line has been tweaked a bit, from “your brain on drugs” to “a brain on drugs,” and the ads refer parents to the partnership’s website, a digital resource that didn’t exist at the time of the initial campaign. Despite these differences, the egg is what sticks. “Given that it was the 30th anniversary, we thought it was a perfect time to build off the imagery and equity of the fried egg spot,” Ms. Shoesmith said. “It was a perfect opportunity to reflect the new strategy and changing parenting styles. ” Allen Rosenshine, executive creative director for the partnership and chairman emeritus of ad agency BBDO Worldwide, echoed that thought. “The entire drug scene has changed so much that strategies we might have employed even 10 years ago aren’t relatable today,” he said. “If you go back to the original   spot, it was a rather    statement that drugs are dangerous. ” Bringing back the egg in the frying pan gives parents a familiar frame of reference even as it conveys to parents that today’s conversations about drugs need to be more nuanced, Ms. Shoesmith said. “We acknowledge where we were, and it’s this evolution to reflect the conversation parents are having with their kids now,” she said.",0
6083,First Thoughts On The Not-Hillary Election Results,"November 09, 2016 First Thoughts On The Not-Hillary Election Results 
So I just woke up and found that the world has changed. World War III was called off. Trump won, Clinton conceded. His victory speech is fair and integrating. 
My ""not Hillary"" prediction for the election was right. That is, I believe, how Trump won. No so much by gaining genuine votes but by taking them from the crappiest candidate the Democrats could send into the race. This was not a ""white vote"". Trump did better with black (+5) and latino (+2) voters than Romney. Racism does not explain that. Clinton promised more wars. Those who would have to fight them on the ground rejected that position. 
The people voted against corruption, against international warmongering, against attacks of the culture of their life and against Zionist and Arab manipulation. In short - they voted against Hillary. 
The media with their outright and widespread manipulation and one sided reporting against Trump and for Clinton lost too. People did not believe the partisan crap that fact-checked Trump on every minor issue but hardly reported on the huge, huge scandals and corruption Wikileaks revealed about the Clintons. Fact-checkers ain't a good weapon in a culture war. The polls, but the one of the LA Times, turned out to be systematic manipulation. 
The leading politicians in Europe will crap their pants. Nearly all but Putin bet heavily on Clinton. The European media were also strongly pro Clinton, even more so than in the U.S. There was zero reporting about Trump's real political positions and support. Only tiny bits about Clinton's corruption were revealed on the back pages. They always believe what the NYT writes is the essence of U.S. thinking. It is far from it. No one but a few east-coast party goers and the NYT cares about some 16 year old girl, who thinks she is ""transsexual"" and wants to use a men's public toilet. The average people think that such craziness deserves zero attention if not a hefty kick in the ass. Pro-migration and other political correctness movements in Europe will have a difficult stand now. They can no longer work against the instincts of the people by pointing to the soothing, fake words of an Obama or Clinton. 
The Democratic party failed. The outright corruption of the party heads, who pushed Sanders out to move Clinton in by manipulating the primaries, blocked the natural development that went on at the base. They even wanted Trump as a candidate because they though Clinton could easily beat him. They were totally detached from real life. I am sure that post-mortem analysis will show that many, many potential pro-democratic voters were just disgusted and stayed at home or voted for a third party. The establishment of the Republican party were no better. They failed their voters just as much by shunning Trump and working for Clinton. All the neo-cons that flocked to Clinton will now scramble to get back to Trump. They will have little chance. 
But the election also created huge new dangers. People around Trump, including his vice-president, are not sane realist but fairly extreme ideologues. Trump himself isn't. He is, in my estimate, fairly pragmatic. The Republicans also won the Senate and House. There is a danger that extreme policies will be implemented with huge and terrible long-term consequences. But remember that Obama had the same chance in his first two years of his Presidency. He never used it. From a progressive view he blew it. 
Winning back the House and Senate in two years is a must for anyone with some middle-of-the-road thinking. 
I believe that this result is good for Syria and the non-Jihadi and non-Zonist Middle East. Al-Qaeda in Syria will have a sad. Their main supporters leave the stage. The result is likely good for Europe including for Russia. It is bad for economic equality in the United States. 
I for one feel mightily eased. The U.S. voters knocked over a chessboard that brought war and misery to many people. We do not know how the new game will look but I think there is a fair chance now that it, in total, will be somewhat less devastating for the global good. Posted by b on November 9, 2016 at 03:03 AM | Permalink",0
6084,Nerve Disrupting Frequencies Radiating from “Smart” Meters – Information and Perspective,By Warren Woodward Everyone knows that wireless “smart” meters communicate via microwaves. What was unknown until now is that additional frequencies are transmitted in the 2 to 50... ,0
6085,"Putin “Hillary Clinton Will Start World War 3, Trump Wants Peace”","October 28, 2016 at 10:57 pm 
Hillary is not the person to lead USA through WW3. Trump is the leader that will lead the USA through WW3. Wilson did not want the USA to go to war but WW1 came to the US. Roosevelt did not want the US to go to war but WW2 came to the US. Probably Pence will preside at the conclusion of WW3 just as Truman at the conclusion of WW2.﻿",0
6086,Former Univision Host Accused of Raping 7-Year-Old Girl,"A former Univision host stands accused of raping a girl multiple times last year. [Victor Hugo   35, was charged in Arkansas on May 15 for allegedly raping a    girl multiple times in 2016, 5NEWS reported.  Police issued an arrest warrant for   on May 25 and have so far been unable to locate him. A relative of the victim, Barbara Gutierrez, said this entire ordeal had been the most difficult thing she has ever experienced because of the pain and suffering of the little girl. “Because I have to absorb  …    I have to absorb what she’s going through and take it in myself,” Gutierrez said. “It’s been the most difficult challenge I’ve ever faced. ” Gutierrez said the local community has reached out and shown a tremendous amount of support but that she wants all efforts focused on finding  . “We must bring awareness and we must stand up to these people who want to hurt kids and we must stop it,” Gutierrez said. “It cannot go on anymore. ” According to 5NEWS, Pinnacle Media   President Gregory Fess said in a statement on May 27 that   left the company earlier this year. “Pinnacle Media does not take any responsibility for personal actions of former employees,” Fess said. Univision has had a rough go in recent months after staking out editorial positions against President Trump’s presidential campaign in 2016. In November 2016, Breitbart News reported that Univision was planning on laying off up to 250 employees after recording a $30. 5 million loss in revenues during the third quarter. WikiLeaks previously revealed that Univision’s owner counseled failed presidential candidate Hillary Clinton in her strategy with the Latino community during her 2016 campaign. Ryan Saavedra is a contributor for Breitbart Texas and can be found on Twitter at @RealSaavedra.",0
6087,Brent Musburger: Olbermann Should Stick to Sports - Breitbart,"During the Thursday edition of “The Dan Patrick Show” on NBC Sports, retiring ESPN broadcaster Brent Musburger blasted former ESPN host and now GQ host Keith Olbermann over calling for President Donald Trump to resign.  Musburger said Olbermann, who used to work alongside Dan Patrick, should get back to sports, where people actually “enjoy him. ” “When did Keith Olbermann become this progressive that’s out there leading the banner?” Musburger asked. “I think I was looking for Musburger on Google last night and I’d had enough Irish whiskey that I hit the O button and I looked at Olbermann and he’s calling for the president to resign. What’s going on with my guy? I mean, come on. He’s a baseball guy. I want to know how many games the Cubs are going to win next year and he’s out there calling for Mr. Trump to resign. When did this happen?” “He should get off that soapbox of his and get back to where we enjoy him. I love to listen to him talk baseball,” he added later. Follow Trent Baker on Twitter @MagnifiTrent",0
6088,California Today: What Stinks in Huntington Beach? - The New York Times,"Good morning. (Want to get California Today by email? Sign up.) Something stinks in Huntington Beach. Going back decades, residents along the coastline between Long Beach and Newport Beach have reported a powerful stench that wafts into the region every so often and lingers for an hour or longer. Depending on who is asked, it happens as frequently as multiple times a month or a handful of times a year. But it is unmistakable, residents say  —   bad enough to make heads throb and stomachs queasy. (Officials said there have been no known serious illnesses linked to the odor.) “It’s more than a smell,” said Ellery A. Deaton, a City Council member in Seal Beach. “It’s noxious. When it happens I need to run around and close my windows. ” The odor is commonly described as “” but its origin remains a stubborn mystery. Over the years, City Council, fire department and air quality officials have tried unsuccessfully to get to the bottom of it. As a result, a number of theories have flourished. Gina   a schools official who lives in Huntington Beach, said she believes it’s natural gas. That’s despite assurances from the Southern California Gas Company, which has investigated complaints and ruled out the possibility of a leak. Ms.   talked about the area’s layout of gas lines, the trajectory of the smell’s spread and her sense in the odor of a hint of mercaptan  —   a natural gas additive. ”The smell that I smell,” she said, “is the natural gas smell. ” Other residents wonder about offshore oil platforms, or perhaps the shipping vessels arriving into the nearby ports of Long Beach and Los Angeles. “My theory, which is based mainly on the process of elimination, is that it is oil tankers off the coast releasing pressure,” Ms. Deaton said. Arley M. Baker, a spokesman for the Port of Los Angeles, was skeptical of that idea. The ships abide by fairly strict clean air rules. What’s more, Mr. Baker said, “I can’t think of a function on a ship that would discharge a foul smell. ” Sam Atwood, a spokesman for the South Coast Air Quality Management District, said the agency had investigated complaints multiple times, but has been unable to establish a cause. “Odors can be very difficult to track down,” he said. For the moment, the mystery seems bound to linger. Capt. Chris Coates of the Costa Mesa Fire Department said emergency dispatch has been getting calls about the smell for more than a decade. He is as perplexed as anyone, he said. “That’s the mystique to the whole thing,” he said. “Nobody knows. ” • The Department of Justice opened a civil rights inquiry into the Orange County district attorney’s office. [The New York Times] • A House ethics panel is investigating possible violations by Representative Duncan D. Hunter, a Republican whose district includes most of San Diego County. [San Diego  ] • A man was fatally shot by a Bakersfield police officer who thought he had a gun. He was actually carrying a crucifix. [The New York Times] • An Orange County jury found a convicted sex offender guilty of kidnapping and killing four women. [Orange County Register] • In a step to lower greenhouse gas emissions, California passed regulations for energy use in computers. [The New York Times] • A tale of two droughts in California: Wetter in the north, still bone dry in the south. [Los Angeles Times] • How Google used artificial intelligence to transform Google Translate  —   and how machine learning is poised to reinvent computing. [The New York Times] • San Francisco supports immigrants  —   “just not into our neighborhoods. ” [Opinion | San Francisco Chronicle] • The city of Pacifica said it would demolish an apartment complex perched on a rapidly eroding oceanside cliff. [San Francisco Chronicle] • A Los   art collective has gathered thousands of copies of “Jerry Maguire” on VHS for an exhibit next month. [The New York Times] • Girl at the White Horse, the name of a bar opening this month in East Hollywood, has a series of cozy and intimate nooks in which to hang out. [The New York Times] The National Park Service said Thursday that a female mountain lion had been killed trying to cross Highway 118 in Los Angeles. The    mountain lion known as   left behind three offspring. Without their mother, they were unlikely to have the hunting skills to survive, wildlife officials said. “It’s your worst nightmare in that kind of scenario,” said Tanya Diamond, a wildlife ecologist.   was the 13th known mountain lion to be killed in and around the Santa Monica Mountains since 2002, when the park service began studying animals there. Untold others have been hit across the state. Ecologists say roadkill accidents are made more likely as the animal’s habitat is increasingly squeezed by urban sprawl. From February 2015 to February 2016, roughly 6, 000 vehicle accidents in California involved wildlife, according to one study. The collisions have added urgency to efforts in California to create   wildlife corridors across highways that allow mountain lions, deer, foxes and other animals to cross safely between habitats in search of sustenance and mating opportunities. Caltrans has been working with wildlife advocates to advance a number of projects. One of most ambitious involves a proposed wildlife bridge in Los Angeles County that would allow animals to cross the formidable 101 freeway between the Simi Hills and the Santa Monica Mountains. At an estimated cost of more than $30 million, the Liberty Canyon wildlife corridor would be the nation’s largest such crossing, advocates say. In Northern California, another project involves digging two tunnels beneath Highway 17 in the Santa Cruz Mountains, where researchers say hundreds of animals have been hit in the last eight years. Ms. Diamond, whose group Pathways for Wildlife has provided research on the Highway 17 project, said state officials were increasingly getting behind such efforts. “It’s a great time because I think now a lot of these ideas are coming to fruition,” she said. California Today goes live at 6 a. m. Pacific time weekdays. Tell us what you want to see: CAtoday@nytimes. com. The California Today columnist, Mike McPhate, is a   Californian  —   born outside Sacramento and raised in San Juan Capistrano. He lives in Davis. Follow him on Twitter. California Today is edited by Julie Bloom, who grew up in Los Angeles and attended U. C. Berkeley.",0
6089,Life: How Do You Stack Up? Here Is The Recruitment Puzzle General Mills Uses To Hire New Talent,"Email 
Calling all geniuses! 
General Mills is having an open casting call for top-rank positions, and they’re looking for the best and brightest minds they can get. On the back of select cereal boxes is a brain-busting puzzle that, if solved, could net you a high-ranking job at the prestigious Fortune 500 company. 
Think you’ve got what it takes? Take a look below at the puzzle currently in circulation and see if you can demonstrate the cryptographic savvy to put you on General Mills’ radar. 
What initially appears to be a wall of random letters is actually a fiendishly complex cipher designed to weed out everyone except the most highly intelligent individuals. According to General Mills, somewhere in that mess of characters are words written in plain English. 
Successful code breakers are encouraged to post their results on social media and tag General Mills so that recruiters can contact them with additional instructions. What happens after that is unknown, with internet anecdotes suggesting everything from applicants being hired on the spot to another battery of tests that narrow down the field of elite candidates even further. 
If you figure it out, let us know!",0
6090,One Killed and at Least 2 Wounded in Shooting Near California Polling Places - The New York Times,"AZUSA, Calif.  —   A gunman with a   rifle was found dead inside a home in a suburb of Los Angeles on Tuesday after shooting at police officers who responded to a report of gunfire and found one person fatally shot and two others critically injured, the authorities said. It was not clear if the gunman  —   a man whose identity was not immediately known  —   died of a   gunshot wound or had been shot by the police, Lt. John Corina of the Los Angeles County Sheriff’s Department said at a news conference. “We’re in the process of trying to figure out why this happened and who this person is and what exactly made him snap,” he said. The victim who was fatally shot was a man, but no details were immediately available about him. The two other victims, women ages 65 and 59, were in “really critical” condition, Lieutenant Corina said. “We don’t know what’s going to happen to them,” he said. The episode, which unfolded around 2 p. m. in Azusa, a city about 25 miles east of Los Angeles, took several confusing and conflicting turns as the authorities tried to sort out what happened and to whom. The acting chief of the Azusa Police Department, Steve Hunt, had said at a news conference earlier on Tuesday that the person who did the shooting was a woman armed with a   rifle and that the dead victim was also a woman. Asked about the inconsistencies with earlier accounts, Lieutenant Corina said, “With something like this there are a lot of rumors flying around and a lot of misinformation going out. ” He added that “so far we have found no evidence” of an accomplice in the shooting but emphasized that the police were searching    for anyone else who might be injured, dead or hiding. The shooting unfolded as five Azusa police officers and one from nearby Irwindale responded to a report of gunfire on Fourth Street. Chief Hunt said that officers found “multiple victims” and that as they were tending to them, the officers came under fire. They had to be extracted by armored vehicles. All of the officers who were pinned down by gunfire were “accounted for, safe and rescued,” the department said on Twitter. The gunman went back into a home and was barricaded there until tactical units entered the house and found him dead. Lieutenant Corina said that the police were obtaining a search warrant to look through the house. The victim who was fatally shot was lying in a doorway outside the home. What set off the shooting remained a mystery. “We’re still trying to figure it out ourselves,” Lieutenant Corina said. After the shooting, two schools were locked down and two polling sites  —   at Memorial Park and Dalton Elementary  —   were closed, with Memorial Park shut for the rest of the day. “Voters should avoid the area and, if necessary, cast a ballot at an alternate polling location,” Dean Logan, the Los Angeles County   and county clerk, said on Twitter. The police said the shooting did not appear to have any connection to the polling sites or Election Day. Alfonso Mendez, 42, who lives in the neighborhood, said he saw two vehicles crash at the intersection of North Angeleno Avenue and Third Street. “A big van and a white car were in an accident,” Mr. Mendez said. He said an occupant “ran out of the car and started shooting at the cops. ” Chief Hunt said there was no pursuit by the police leading up to the shooting. The lieutenant said it was not clear how  —   or if the crash  —   was related to the shooting.",0
6091,U.S. Behind Huge Weapons Shipments To Saudi Arabia Prior to Yemen Funeral Attack,"The United States shipped hundreds of millions of dollars in weapons to Saudi Arabia just weeks prior to the Saudi-led coalition’s funeral bombing in Sanaa, Yemen, according to a new analysis of U.S. government data conducted by Shadowproof. 

The October 8 bombing killed 140 and wounded over 500. It was widely condemned by human rights groups and exposed U.S. support for the Saudi-led war in Yemen to greater scrutiny. 
In response to a query from Shadowproof about the funeral strike, State Department spokesperson Frankie Sturm replied, “ We have regularly expressed our concerns to the Saudi-led coalition, and urged them – as we have urged all sides, including the Houthis – to take all feasible measures to mitigate harm to civilians and civilian objects and return to a cessation of hostilities .” 
Despite the US government’s purported desire for a “cessation of hostilities” and “concerns” for civilians, Shadowproof’s analysis shows that large quantities of U.S. weapons continue to flow to the Saudi government, impeding a sustained ceasefire and enabling civilian carnage. 

In July and August, the U.S. shipped Saudi $8.8 million in bombs, $47.3 million in parts for bombs, 313 guided missiles worth $26 million, one military helicopter worth $15.7 million, and 334 armored fighting vehicles and 19 armored vehicles, which together are worth over $197 million. 

From April to July, when peace talks were active, the U.S. shipped $50 million in armored vehicles and $82 million in parts for bombs. Talks broke down in July and were followed by a major increase in coalition air assaults in Yemen. 

Following the attack on a funeral, the U.S. government announced it was “ reviewing ” its support for the Saudi coalition; however, as of October 10 , there were no changes to U.S. military support for coalition operations. 

A UN-brokered ceasefire implemented in April ushered in a major reduction in fighting. Yet, U.S. weapons shipments continued. 

In fact, over the course of President Barack Obama’s administration, it has approved a staggering $115 billion in weapons sales to Saudi Arabia—including a $1.29 billion sale in November 2015, which included over 19,000 bombs and a $1.15 billion sale of tank components, ammunition, and other weapons. 

The U.S. government has also provided logistical and intelligence support that has facilitated the Saudi coalition’s carnage. 

Given Saudi’s dependence on the U.S. government for military support, it is difficult to overstate the degree of influence the U.S possesses over the Saudi government. For example, Bruce Riedel, a senior fellow at the Brookings Institution said in April, “If the United States of America and the United Kingdom tonight told King Salman that this war has to end, it would end tomorrow.” 
Kristine Beckerle, who researches Yemen for Human Rights Watch, told Shadowproof, “The Saudi-led coalition’s air campaign in Yemen has been devastating for civilians, hitting marketplaces, factories, homes and hospitals. There is no question US weapons have been used in some of these unlawful attacks, including one of the most deadly. The US should be suspending arms sales to Saudi, until it not only curbs unlawful strikes but also credibly investigates those that have already occurred.” 
A survey conducted by the Yemen Data Project found that, from the beginning of the Saudi coalition’s air campaign in Yemen in March 2015, through August of 2016, more than one-third of the coalition’s 8,600 strikes hit non-military targets. 
“The coalition is responsible for twice as many civilian casualties as all other forces put together, virtually all as a result of air strikes,” UN human rights chief Zeid Ra’ad al-Hussein said back in March. 

Nasser Arrabyee, a journalist in Sanaa, told Shadowproof, “In the first weeks of the war the battle for Sanna was over, all the military sites were destroyed, yet the coalition strikes continue on a daily basis, often hitting civilians.” 

The U.S. government continues to insist the Saudi coalition isn’t intentionally targeting civilians, but Colette Gadenne, who heads Médecins Sans Frontières’ (MSF) Yemen mission told Shadowproof, “We’ve seen airstrikes hit civilian locations so often. For example, there was a strike on a crowded marketplace in Harad at 8 pm on July 4. It took place after people broke their Ramadan fast. And we only know about the strikes we see directly.”

Three MSF hospitals, one MSF mobile clinic, and an MSF ambulance were attacked by coalition forces. 

After the funeral attack, images appeared on social media allegedly showing fragments of a U.S-supplied tail fin for a JDAM guidance kit for a U.S-made Mark 82 500 lb. bomb. 

Ali Al-Ahmed, an expert on Saudi Arabia at the Institute for Gulf Affairs and himself a Saudi, told Shadowproof the Saudis indeed target civilians. 

“They couldn’t defeat [the Houthis] on the battlefield so they’re killing women and children, bombing schools, to get that result,” Ahmed explained. 
Back in 2010, U.S. Army whistleblower Chelsea Manning disclosed a State Department cable from the same year that showed the U.S. government provided “imagery” of the Yemen border to the Saudi government, despite evidence Saudi aircraft were attacking civilians when attacking Houthis in northern Yemen. Assistant Minister of Defense and Aviation Prince Khaled bin Sultan appealed to a U.S. ambassador to give them a Predator drone to help limit civilian casualties.

Another cable from 2009 that was also disclosed by Manning shows the U.S. government approved military assistance for Saudi Arabia or Yemen if aid was not used against Houthis. Since then, the U.S. government has allowed the Saudi Kingdom to pull them into an open-ended war. 
With regard to al Qaida, Ahmed noted, “Hundreds of Saudi jets and their allies bombing Yemeni forces have avoided bombing…positions in Yemen of al Qaida.”

“The Saudi air force is really becoming the air force for al-Qaida,” Ahmed said. “The Saudi bombings have helped mostly one group: al-Qaida.” 
Ahmed also stressed the bombings fuel “anti-Americanism.” Prior to the war, the Yemeni government cooperated closely with the U.S. in counterterrorism matters.

In a letter to President Obama, 36 members of congress urged him to block the $1.15 billion arms deal announced in August. The letter stated, “Amnesty International has documented at least 33 unlawful airstrikes by the Saudi Arabia-led coalition across Yemen that appear to have deliberately targeted civilians and civilians facilities, such as hospitals, schools, markets, and places of worship. These attacks may amount to war crimes.”

According to a recent report by Reuters, the coalition has hit sites the U.S. government put on a “do not strike” list. The U.S. designated these locations as being vital infrastructure for delivery of food aid and for post-war reconstruction.

The Saudi coalition declared as a target the entire Saada Governorate (measuring 4,000 square miles), which borders Saudi Arabia. It also reportedly used incendiary weapons, white phosphorous, as well as cluster weapons, which are banned by most countries. 
Both of these weapons were supplied by the U.S.

The war’s effect on civilians in Yemen is enormous. “The jets overhead scare the children. There is no place people can go to be safe, even hospitals are hit in strikes. The population is traumatized,” Gadenne said.

More than 10,000 civilians have been killed since the Saudi-led coalition began, including more than 1,000 children. More than 80 percent of the population now requires some form of humanitarian assistance for survival.

Beatriz Ochoa from Save the Children told Shadowproof, “The number of children that are severely malnourished has doubled to 370,000 since the beginning of the coalition bombing. 1.6 million women and children under 5 are suffering from acute malnutrition with over 14 million, or roughly half of Yemen’s population, are considered food insecure.”

The coalition imposed a blockade, which has resulted in shortages of medicine and food, as well as price spikes and hoarding of goods.

Recently, there was a reported cholera outbreak, which may exacerbate the already dangerous health crisis.

Another serious concern is unexploded ordnance. “A 16-year-old girl was collecting firewood in Sadaa, and there had been an air strike in the area 3 months prior. An unexploded ordnance went off and she lost a leg,” Gadenne recalled.

Ms. Gadenne said MSF has seen victims from unexploded ordnance all over the country. Research from Amnesty International found thousands of unexploded munitions in northern Yemen, following a 10-day tour of the region earlier this year. 
The dire humanitarian crisis resulting from the war has given rise to a great deal of anger in Yemen, according to Arrabyee. “Yemenis see the war as an American war, as the coalition couldn’t carry out the strikes in Yemen without U.S. support. There is a big campaign saying Americans are the ones killing the Yemenis people.”

William Hartung from the Center for International Policy told Shadowproof the U.S. is directly involved in Yemen, even if it’s not the one dropping the bombs. 
“Without U.S. support there’s no way Saudi coalition could wage the war at this level,” Hartung said. “The large weapons deals and mid-flight refueling provided by the U.S. play an important role in Saudi’s ability to conduct strikes in Yemen.” 
The post U.S. Behind Huge Weapons Shipments To Saudi Arabia Prior to Yemen Funeral Attack appeared first on Shadowproof .
",0
6092,’Angel’ Dad: ’Trump Is Not Wasting Any Time’ on Border Security,"The father of a man who was brutally shot and killed says President Donald Trump is “not wasting any time” on his promises to end illegal immigration into the U. S.[During an interview with FOX Business Network, Dan Golvach said Trump is the first elected official to sincerely look into the illegal immigration crisis that has plagued the country for decades.  “It appears to me [Trump] is not wasting any time,” Golvach told FOX’s Liz MacDonald. “I just have to say I think that he is sincere. ” Golvach is a member of the Remembrance Project, a group for parents of children who have lost their kids to illegal immigrants. “He has treated us like family,” Golvach said. “He knows a lot of us in the Remembrance Project and a lot of the families by name and he has done a lot of things on his own dime for us. ” Golvach lost his    son, Spencer, when the young man was stopped at a   and shot by an illegal immigrant who had already been deported four previous times and had spent five years in prison. Trump, most recently, will also be publishing a list of crimes committed by illegal immigrants in sanctuary cities every week in order to “inform the public regarding the public safety threats associated with sanctuary jurisdictions,” according to the Executive Order. John Binder is a contributor for Breitbart Texas. Follow him on Twitter at @JxhnBinder.",0
6093,Seller-Financed Deals Are Putting Poor People in Lead-Tainted Homes - The New York Times,"BALTIMORE  —   A year after Tiffany Bennett moved into a   red brick house at 524 Loudon Avenue here, she received alarming news. Two children, both younger than 6, for whom Ms. Bennett was guardian, were found to have dangerous levels of lead in their blood. Lead paint throughout the nearly    home had poisoned them. Who was responsible for the dangerous conditions in the home? Baltimore health officials say it was an    investment company that entered into a    lease with the unemployed Ms. Bennett to take the home in 2014 “as is”  —   chipping, peeling lead paint and all. Ms. Bennett, 46, and the children moved out, but they should never have been in the house at all. City officials had declared the house “unfit for human habitation” in 2013. Throughout the country, tens of thousands of rundown homes have been scooped up by investment companies that have offered   financing or    deals largely to poor people. Many of these homes were foreclosed on during the housing crisis. These investors, however, often put no money toward renovation, or for fixing lead paint problems. The   buyers and renters are forced to make all repairs. When there are serious problems with the homes, victims can be required to sign confidentiality agreements to keep them quiet in a settlement after they have been compensated, as happened in Ms. Bennett’s case. As a result,   housing contracts have aggravated a persistent problem of lead poisoning among young children in this country. About 535, 000 children a year nationwide test positive for lead in their blood, which can cause brain damage and other developmental delays. Problems with   water in Flint, Mich. put the issue on the map. Yet exposure to lead paint in aging and poorly maintained homes remains the biggest source of poisoning. It is not known how many homes nationwide are in   contracts, and not every state requires that such contracts be recorded. Still, health officials say they are increasingly seeing a connection between homes that are in   contracts and   cases. “Unfortunately they have this contract which removes the actual owner of the home from the liabilities of fixing the home and requires these people who have no money to fix their own home,” said Dr. Jennifer Lowry, chief of toxicology in the pediatrics unit of Children’s Mercy Hospital in Kansas City. Dr. Lowry said she had seen an increase in patients with lead poisoning who live in homes bought through a   contract on both the Missouri and Kansas sides of the city. “What I care about is this kid who has elevated blood levels and yet I can’t get anybody to fix the home,” she said. Ms. Bennett entered into a    contract with Vision Property Management of Columbia, S. C. one of the biggest players in this   market. Vision failed to register the property with Baltimore housing officials after buying it in 2014 from Fannie Mae, the   mortgage finance firm. It then ignored the city’s previous building code violation, according to public records reviewed by The New York Times. The details of Ms. Bennett’s situation were pieced together through interviews with public officials, court records and documents provided through public records requests to various city and state agencies. Some of the documents were redacted to protect the privacy of the children. In many cases, families who had been affected by lead poisoning declined to comment when reached, citing concerns about reprisals. Baltimore has fined Vision more than $11, 300 for failing to register 43 homes in the city, a requirement that applies to all landlords. State lead investigators visited at least two other Vision homes earlier this year but could not physically enter and inspect them. A representative for Vision said that the company “does not comment on the specific details of matters pertaining to tenants or properties” and that noted the matter with Ms. Bennett had been resolved. Vision, which was featured in a   article in The Times, manages more than 6, 000 homes across the country through nearly two dozen limited liability companies. When it came to fixing the lead issues in Ms. Bennett’s home, Vision did not respond to the city’s request in late 2015. The company has argued its contracts put all responsibility for repairs on its tenants. In most cities and states, landlords are required to keep the properties they rent in habitable condition. Some legal experts say   contracts like those used by Vision may violate that requirement and could be unenforceable in housing court. Baltimore, as a matter of law, requires landlords to ensure that a home is fit for human habitation, and building officials said that includes    landlords. But homes that are leased in    deals can fall through the cracks because the city has so many abandoned and rundown homes. Jason Hessler, deputy assistant commissioner for Baltimore Housing, said, “The house was in violation at the time it was sold by Fannie Mae to Vision and was supposed to be unoccupied until approved by the building department. ” But he added that unless it was obvious that someone had moved into a house without the department’s permission, building inspectors might not know. For many poor families who want to own a house and cannot get a mortgage, nontraditional housing transactions like Ms. Bennett’s have become their only option. Some do not understand what they are signing. Dr. Lowry says that many of the families she works with do not speak English and thought they were buying a house outright. She was one of several housing officials and doctors who discussed the problems caused by   deals at a recent conference on childhood lead poisoning in Washington.   deals, which include contracts for deed and    leases, are loaded with risk. They lack basic consumer protections, and residents can be easily evicted since the title to a home is not transferred until the final payment is made. The Consumer Financial Protection Bureau has begun to investigate whether some companies are taking advantage of consumers. State regulators in Wisconsin, New Mexico and New York have begun their own inquiries, while officials in Minnesota and Missouri have issued consumer alerts. Poor families that buy or rent one of these rundown homes often find themselves with another problem: Because they do not technically own their house, they are ineligible for any state or local grants to help defray the cost of removing lead paint. Kendra Harrell, 23, moved into a Vision home in Baltimore with her mother in 2014 on a    contract. Ms. Harrell, who has two young children, estimated that she had paid more than $1, 000 to repair the home, which still has a leaking roof. “Pretty much everything is on me,” said Ms. Harrell, who works as a cashier at a local Home Depot. Now she worries about the chipping paint on the banister in the home, which was built in 1915, adding that her son had tested positive for lead while living in another house. “I figured maybe I could try to get someone out to break off the paint and paint over it,” she added. In New York State, some grants provided to residents in rural communities to eliminate “critical health and safety threats” from homes, including lead paint, specifically exclude anyone buying a home with a contract for deed. A   program in Columbus, Ohio, is open only to property owners  —   again shutting out people buying homes through a contract for deed or a signing a    lease. Katarina Karac, an assistant city attorney for Columbus, recently helped one woman who bought a home with a contract for deed get the seller to apply for a lead paint removal grant. Ms. Karac said the woman, who has three young children, had applied at least twice to the   program and was rejected because she did not legally own the home. “She was lucky enough the property owner was willing to work with her,” she said. “I can’t imagine someone in her position ordering a lead test, and if lead is found, asserting a claim against the owner. ” In Michigan last month, a special   task force set up by the governor after the water crisis in Flint recommended a   lead inspection, the results of which property owners must disclose to buyers and renters. The proposal stipulated that the requirement could not be “waived in the event of a sale through land contract. ” In Ms. Bennett’s case, Baltimore’s health department sued a limited liability company tied to Vision in December 2015 for failing to promptly comply with an order to eliminate the lead paint condition in the home. Many of Vision’s homes were bought cheaply from Fannie Mae and had been empty for years. Vision bought the house at 524 Loudon Avenue from Fannie for about $5, 000. Ms. Bennett, who paid a monthly rent of $440, sued Vision after learning the children were poisoned by lead. She declined to talk about her situation, citing a confidentiality provision in the settlement of her lawsuit. She left the house in November 2015 as part of a settlement with Vision. Lead poisoning has been particularly acute in Baltimore because of its aging housing stock. The city has about 40, 000 abandoned homes on some streets the vacant, rundown homes outnumber the occupied ones. Maryland’s environmental agency says some 1, 100 children age 6 or younger tested positive for elevated lead levels in the city of Baltimore in 2015. “This is something that everyone has an obligation to fix  —   certainly the landlord has an obligation as well,” said Dr. Leana Wen, Baltimore’s health commissioner. And the company has violated rules in other cities. In 2012, legal aid lawyers in Minnesota sued Vision on behalf of a couple with four children and two grandchildren, contending the company knowingly sold them, through a contract for deed, a home in Minneapolis that the city determined had a “severe” lead paint problem. Conditions in the home, which Vision bought from Fannie Mae, were so bad that the city posted a “do not occupy” warning notice on the house. But the couple, Charles and Leona Rush, claimed they did not see any warning sign when they bought the house. In court papers, Vision disputed the Rushes’ claim. The company’s lawyers argued that “unless plaintiffs closed their eyes as they entered the property, they saw the bright green lead hazard sign. ” The lawsuit ended with a confidential settlement. Ruth Ann Norton, who heads the Green  Healthy Homes Initiative, a   nonprofit that promotes national policies to combat childhood lead poisoning, says the federal government can do more to make sure homes with lead paint problems are not dumped onto the market. Fannie Mae sold some 900, 000 foreclosed homes after the crisis. Peter Bakel, a Fannie spokesman, said, “Fannie Mae has policies in place designed to ensure compliance with applicable laws regarding lead paint disclosures and remediation. ” Ms. Norton’s group is proposing that government housing agencies be required to eliminate dangerous lead conditions in vacant and foreclosed homes before putting them on the market. “We should not allow houses to go on the market that will poison children,” said Ms. Norton, whose organization provided assistance to Ms. Bennett. Vision has since washed its hands of the Loudon Avenue home. The company settled with Baltimore health officials by paying a $10, 000 fine in October and sold the house last summer. The house is being renovated, but a sign posted in the dirt yard advertised the house as “FOR RENT! !!”",0
6094,EXCLUSIVE: Palestinian Jihadist Claims Islamic State Planning to Encircle Israel’s Borders,"The Islamic State group is determined to move closer to Israel’s borders,   Palestinian jihadist and IS supporter Abu Baker Almaqdesi told Breitbart Jerusalem in an interview. [Addressing a recent attack against a monastery in Sinai in which an Egyptian police officer was killed, Almaqdesi said, “It’s clear that the goal of the brothers is to close in on all sides in the direction of occupied Palestine and fight the Jews with the intent of expelling them from Islamic lands. ”  Almaqdesi refers to the entire state of Israel as “occupied Palestine. ” According to Almaqdesi, despite IS’s fronts in Syria, Iraq, Egypt, Libya and Afghanistan, “our guiding compass is still the liberation of Jerusalem. The Jews have benefited from the abandonment of Islam’s holy places they did so because of the estrangement of Muslims from their faith. ” Almaqdesi also addressed the attempts of the Islamic State group to continue firing rockets from Sinai and the Gaza Strip toward Israel. “We will continue firing at the Jews and we will continue in our attempts to commit attacks with the goal of harming Jews and their government in Palestine and in all the holy places. ” According to Almaqdesi, “The war in Sinai, the consolidation in the Gaza Strip, the attempt to gain a serious hold in Jordan and of course the war in Syria, will end with the control of the Caliphate and Sharia, and will end with the liberation of the   Mosque and Palestine. “Syria is important and central and its place in Allah’s Sharia is central, but   (Jerusalem) is also central   …     and I know that it’s high on the agenda of the brothers leading the (Islamic) State. We won’t let the Jews continue defiling the   Mosque. We won’t continue to let the Jews prevent Muslims from praying at  . ” Contrary to Almaqdesi’s claims, Muslims are not barred from praying on the Al Aqsa Mosque with the exception of limited periods during any high security threats when Israel temporarily may restrict Muslim male youths from the site. In general, Muslims have   hour access to the Temple Mount and mosques on the site. In contrast, Israeli police, working with the Islamic custodians of the Mount, bar Jews from praying on the site at any time. Jews are only allowed to visit during select hours in the morning and cannot bring holy objects to the Mount, Judaism’s holiest site. Meanwhile, Almaqdesi continued, “The Jews know that we present a challenge and the largest threat for them and so they try to use infidel Arab and Muslim leaders  —   even Hamas has joined the war against Islam  —   but they aren’t fighting against a few thousand Mujahedeen, they are fighting Allah and Allah cannot be defeated, even if the Americans and Russians or even the entire world stand behind them. ” This isn’t the first   threat to Israel’s borders. Speaking on “Aaron Klein Investigative Radio” in March 2016, Abu     a   Gaza Salafist jihadist allied with Islamic State ideology, claimed it was only a matter of time before the Islamic State’s branch in the Egyptian Sinai carries out a “big operation” in the Israeli resort town of Eilat and other parts of southern Israel. Ansari has since been arrested by Hamas and is currently in prison in Gaza. Aaron Klein is Breitbart’s Jerusalem bureau chief and senior investigative reporter. He is a New York Times bestselling author and hosts the popular weekend talk radio program, “Aaron Klein Investigative Radio. ” Follow him on Twitter @AaronKleinShow. Follow him on Facebook.",0
6095,Rift Between Officers and Residents as Killings Persist in South Bronx - The New York Times,"After the bullet shells get counted, the blood dries and the votive candles burn out, people peer down from   windows and see crime scenes gone cold: a band of yellow police tape blowing in the breeze. The South Bronx, just across the Harlem River from Manhattan and once shorthand for urban dysfunction, still suffers violence at levels long ago slashed in many other parts of New York City. And yet the city’s efforts to fight it remain splintered, underfunded and burdened by scandal. In the 40th Precinct, at the southern tip of the Bronx, as in other poor, minority neighborhoods across the country, people long hounded for   infractions are crying out for more protection against grievous injury or death. By September, four of every five shootings in the precinct this year were unsolved. Out of the city’s 77 precincts, the 40th has the highest murder rate but the fewest detectives per violent crime, reflecting disparities in staffing that hit hardest in some neighborhoods outside Manhattan, according to a New York Times analysis of Police Department data. Investigators in the precinct are saddled with twice the number of cases the department recommends, even as their bosses are called to Police Headquarters to answer for the sharpest crime rise in the city this year. And across the Bronx, investigative resources are squeezed. It has the highest   rate of the city’s five boroughs but the thinnest detective staffing. Nine of the 14   precinct detective squads for violent crime in the city are there. The borough’s robbery squad is smaller than Manhattan’s, even though the Bronx has had 1, 300 more cases this year. And its homicide squad has one detective for every four murders, compared with one detective for roughly every two murders in Upper Manhattan and more than one detective per murder in Lower Manhattan. In   lobbies and   family apartments, outside methadone clinics and art studios, people take note of the inequity. They hear police commanders explain that they lack the resources to place a floodlight on a dangerous block or to post officers at a   corner. They watch witnesses cower behind   doors, more fearful of a gunman’s crew than confident in the Police Department’s ability to protect them. So though people see a lot, they rarely testify. And in the South Bronx, as in so many predominantly black and Hispanic neighborhoods like it in the United States, the contract between the police and the community is in tatters. Some people have stories of crime reports that were ignored, or 911 calls that went unanswered for hours. Others tell of a 911 call for help ending in the caller’s arrest, or of a minor charge leading to 12 hours in a fetid holding cell. This is the paradox of policing in the 40th Precinct. Its neighborhoods have historically been prime targets for aggressive tactics, like    that are designed to ward off disorder. But precinct detectives there have less time than anywhere else in the city to answer for the blood spilled in violent crimes. Gola White, who was beside her daughter when she was shot and killed in a playground this summer, four years after her son was gunned down in the same housing project, ticked off the public safety resources that she said were scant in Bronx neighborhoods like hers: security cameras, lights, locks, investigating police officers. “Here, we have nothing,” she said. When it comes to “  families,” she said, the authorities “don’t really care as much. That’s how I feel. ” The Times has been documenting the murders logged this year in the 40th Precinct, one of a handful of neighborhoods where deadly violence remains a problem in an era of   crime in New York City. The homicides  —   14 in the precinct this year, up from nine in 2015  —   strain detectives, and when they go unsolved, as half of them have this year, some look to take the law into their own hands. From hundreds of conversations with grieving relatives and friends, witnesses and police officers, the social forces that flare into murder in a place like the 40th Precinct become clearer: merciless gang codes, mental illness, drugs and long memories of feuds that simmered out of officers’ view. The reasons some murders will never be solved also emerge: paralyzing fear of retribution, victims carrying secrets to their graves and relentless casework that forces detectives to move on in hopes that a break will come later. Frustrations build on all sides. Detectives’ phones rarely ring with tips, and officers grow embittered with witnesses who will not cooperate. In the meantime, a victim’s friends conduct their own investigations, and talk of grabbing a stash gun from a wheel well or a mother’s apartment when they find their suspect. In the chasm between the police and the community, gangs and gun violence flourish. Parents try to protect their families from drug crews’ threats, and officers work to overcome the residue of years of mistrust and understaffing in communities where they still go racing from one 911 call to the next. The streets around St. Mary’s Park were the scene of two fatal shootings logged in the 40th Precinct this year. Both are unsolved. James Fernandez heard talk of the murders through the door of his   apartment on East 146th Street in a     the Betances Houses. He lived at the end of a long hallway strewn with hypodermic needles, empty dope bags and discarded Hennessy bottles. A   young men who spoke of being in a subset of the Bloods gang had made it their drug market, slinging marijuana and cocaine to regulars, flashing firearms and blowing smoke into the Fernandez apartment. When Mr. Fernandez, 40, asked the young men to move, they answered by busting up his car. This kind of crime, an anachronism in much of New York, still rattles the 40th Precinct, even though murders there have fallen to 14 this year from 83 in 1991. It has more major felony crimes per resident than any other residential district in the city. It is also one of the poorest communities in the country, and many young men find their way into underground markets. Mr. Fernandez was not one to shrink from the threats. When he was growing up on the Lower East Side, he rode his bicycle around to the customers of the drug dealers he worked for and collected payments in a backpack. After leaving that life, he got a tech maintenance job and, three years ago, moved into the Betances Houses with his wife and daughter, now 11. He had two choices to get help with the drug crew: call the police for help and risk being labeled a snitch, or call his old Lower East Side bosses for muscle and risk violence. He chose the police. Again and again, he walked into a local substation, Police Service Area 7, and asked for protection. His daughter was using an inhaler to relieve coughs from the marijuana smoke. Mr. Fernandez and his wife got terrible headaches. “There’s a lot of killers here, and we are going to kill you,” a sergeant’s police report quoted a    telling Mr. Fernandez in August 2015. A second report filed the same day said a    warned him, “I’m going to shoot through your window. ” Mr. Fernandez told the police both the teenagers’ names, which appear in the reports, and then went home. He said one of their friends had seen him walk into the substation, and they tried to intimidate him out of filing another report. Three days later, the same    propped his bike on their door, “then said if I was to open the door and say something, they would body slam me,” Mr. Fernandez’s wife, Maria Fernandez, wrote on slips of paper she used to document the hallway ruckus and the inadequate police response. The boys made comments about how easy a target she was and about how they would have to “slap” her if she opened the door while they made a drug sale, and they threatened to beat the Fernandez family because “they are the ones snitching,” her notes say. But another   complaint at the substation, 10 days after the first, brought no relief. A week later, feeling desperate, Ms. Fernandez tried calling: first to the substation, at 8:50 p. m. when one of the boys blew weed smoke at her door and made a   threat to attack her, and then to 911 at 10:36 p. m. The police never came, she wrote in her notes. She tried the 40th Precinct station house next, but officers at the desk left her standing in the public waiting area for a   she said, making her fear being seen again. Officers put her in worse danger some months later, she said, when they came to her door and announced in front of the teenagers that they were there on a complaint about drug activity. Mr. Fernandez started doing the work that he said the police had failed to do. He wired a camera into his peephole to record the drugs and guns. The footage hark back to the New York of the 1980s, still very much present to some of the precinct’s residents. Around 6:30 each morning, Sgt. Michael J. LoPuzzo walks through the tall wooden doors of the 40th Precinct station house. The cases that land on his metal desk  —   dead bodies with no known cause, strip club brawls, shooting victims hobbling into the hospital themselves  —   bring resistance at every turn, reminding him of an earlier era in the city’s   campaign. “I haven’t got one single phone call that’s putting me in the right direction here,” said Sergeant LoPuzzo, the head of the precinct’s detective squad, one day this summer as he worked on an answer to an email inquiry from a murder victim’s aunt about why the killer had not been caught. “And people just don’t understand that. ” Often it is detectives who most feel the effects of people turning on the police. Witnesses shout them away from their doors just so neighbors know they refuse to talk. Of the 184 people who were shot and wounded in the Bronx through early September, more than a third  —   66 victims  —   refused to cooperate. Over the same period in the 40th Precinct, squad detectives closed three of 17 nonfatal shootings, and 72 of 343 robbery cases. Part of the resistance stems from   preventive policing tactics, like    that were a hallmark of the     style under former Mayor Michael R. Bloomberg and his police commissioner, Raymond W. Kelly. Near the height of the    strategy, in 2012, the 40th Precinct had the   stops in the city, the   stops in which officers used force and the most frisks. Of 18, 276 stops that year, 15, 521 were of people who had done nothing criminal. The precinct was also one of the   areas that the department flooded with its newest officers. At roll calls, they were pressured to generate numbers: write tickets and make arrests. They had no choice but to give a summons to a young man playing in a park after dark, even if the officers had done the same growing up in the same neighborhood. “I need to bring something in today to justify my existence,” Officer Argenis Rosado, who joined the precinct in 2010, said in an interview at the station house. “So now you’re in a small area, and day after day you’re hammering the same community. Of course that community’s eventually going to turn on you. ” The pressure warped the way officers and residents saw each other. Rookies had to ignore why someone might be drinking outside or sitting on a stoop. “Some of the cops that came out at that time probably viewed the community differently, too,” said Hector Espada, a   veteran of the precinct. “Not because they wanted to, but because they had to. Because some way or somehow, you can’t give someone a $115 summons and feel like you guys could still have a civil conversation after that. ” Morale wilted in the aged station house on Alexander Avenue, in Mott Haven. Officers felt pressure to downgrade crime complaints to make them appear less serious. Several said in interviews that they had overlooked crime reports from immigrants because they were seen as unlikely to complain, and watched supervisors badger victims into repeating their stories in hopes that they would drop their complaints. The practice of downgrading complaints resulted in the disciplining of 19 officers in the precinct last year, one in a string of scandals that has left officers there feeling overscrutinized for problems that also existed elsewhere. Four commanders in the precinct were sent packing in five years, one of them after officers were found to be “ticket fixing,” or forgiving parking tickets for friends, and another after he was recorded giving guidance on whom to stop and frisk: black boys and men, ages 14 to 21. Some officers fled to other commands. Others became reluctant to take assignments in proactive policing units, like   that put them in   situations on the street. “Whenever I walked through the doors of the precinct, to me, it seemed like a black cloud,” said Russell Lewis, a    of the 40th. “It was like a heaviness. When you walked in, all you wanted to do was do your 8 hours 35 minutes and go home, because you didn’t want to get caught up in anything. ” The precinct covers only about two square miles, but the more than a dozen housing projects there mean that it overflows with people. Methadone clinics draw addicts from around the city.   lofts on the southern edge of the precinct presage a wave of gentrification. Even as the Police Department has hired 1, 300 more officers for neighborhood policing and counterterrorism, officers in the 40th Precinct said they could still rush to 25 911 calls during a shift  —   a number unchanged from what the new police commissioner, James P. O’Neill, said he was handling in a similar South Bronx precinct 15 years ago. Several dozen calls at a time can be waiting for a response. Residents know that if you want the police for a domestic problem, it helps to hint that there is a weapon. Last year, the precinct drew the   number of civilian complaints for officer misconduct in the city, and the most lawsuits stemming from police actions. The precinct is trying to improve morale under a new commanding officer, Deputy Inspector Brian Hennessy. A cadre of what the department calls neighborhood coordination officers has been on patrol since last January, part of a citywide effort under Mr. O’Neill and Mayor Bill de Blasio to bring back the beat cop, unencumbered by chasing every last 911 call, who can listen to people’s concerns and help with investigations. The precinct has made among the most gun arrests in the city, and officers said they now had more discretion to resolve encounters without a summons or an arrest. At one corner near a school, on Courtlandt Avenue and East 151st Street, that has long spawned complaints about gunfire and fights, Inspector Hennessy and some of his officers painted over graffiti and swept up drug paraphernalia this summer. People said it was the first answer to their complaints in years. But the inspector acknowledged that the residue of   policing lingers. “That perception really sticks,” he said. The workload in the 40th Precinct is startling and reveals a gap in how detective squads are equipped to answer violent crime in Manhattan compared with the Bronx, Brooklyn and Queens. Three of the precinct’s 16 detectives are carrying more than 400 cases each this year, and many others have loads in the high 300s, even though the department advises 150 in violent precincts. When they are assigned a homicide, they typically have four days to investigate before dealing with other cases. Quieter precincts can give detectives a month with little distraction to investigate a murder. Detectives in the 40th Precinct have each handled an average of 79 violent felonies this year through    —   murders, rapes, felony assaults and robberies. By contrast, a detective in the precinct on the southern end of Staten Island carries nine such cases a detective in the precinct patrolling Union Square and Gramercy Park handles 16 and a detective in the precinct for most of Washington Heights handles 32, the citywide median. Last year, the 40th was the    for violent crime, with 65 cases per detective. In the Bronx as a whole, a precinct detective has carried an average of 58 violent felonies this year, compared with 27 in Manhattan, 37 in Brooklyn, 38 in Queens and 25 on Staten Island. Rape cases and robbery patterns are later sent to more specialized units, but precinct detectives do extensive initial work to interview victims, write reports and process evidence. Precincts in much of Manhattan, which are whiter and wealthier than the South Bronx, often have more property felonies, like stolen laptops or credit cards, and the police say those can be complex. But even accounting for those crimes, the 40th Precinct has some of the heaviest caseloads of overall crime per detective in the city. Michael Palladino, the head of the Detectives’ Endowment Association and a former Bronx officer, said staffing disparities affected the department’s efforts to build trust in communities like the South Bronx. Witnesses make a calculation, he said: “If I cooperate with the detectives, there’s so much work, there’s so few of them there, they won’t even get the chance to protect me, or they’ll be there too late when the retaliation comes. ” Sergeant LoPuzzo, who turned down a more prestigious post to stay in the 40th Precinct, said that his squad worked tirelessly to handle cases with the people he had, and that while every squad wanted more detectives, staffing needs for counterterrorism units and task forces had created new deployment challenges across the department. “We fight with the army we have, not the army we wish we had,” he said. Details of how the Police Department assigns its 36, 000 officers are closely held and constantly in flux, and the public has minimal information on how personnel are allocated. Presented with The Times’s analysis of confidential staffing data, the department’s chief of detectives, Robert K. Boyce, vowed to send more detectives to the 40th Precinct and said the department would reassess its deployment more broadly in troubled precincts. He said a recent decision to bring gang, narcotics and vice detectives under his command made it easier to shift personnel. Chief Boyce said the burdens on detectives went beyond felony crimes to include   and   cases. And he noted the support that precinct squads got from centralized units focusing on robberies, gangs or grand larcenies, for example. Major crime keeps pounding the 40th Precinct, at rates that in 2015 were only a tenth of a percent lower than in 2001, even as citywide crime dropped by more than a third over the same period. But the precinct’s detective squad shrank by about eight investigators during those years, according to staffing data obtained from the City Council through a Freedom of Information Law request. The squad covering Union Square and Gramercy Park, where crime dropped by a third over that period, grew by about 11 investigators. (The 40th Precinct was given an additional detective and four   investigators this summer, when it was already missing three detectives for illness or other reasons.) Retired detectives are skeptical that community relations alone can drive down crime in the city’s last “” the busiest precincts. Rather, they say, the Police Department should be dedicating more resources to providing the same sort of robust investigative response that seems standard in Manhattan. “Any crime in Manhattan has to be solved,” said Howard Landesberg, who was a 40th Precinct detective in the late 1980s. “The outer boroughs are, like, forgotten. ” Retired detectives said that understaffing made it harder to solve crimes in the Bronx, Brooklyn and Queens, where the higher prevalence of gang and drug killings already saddled investigators with cases in which people were not inclined to cooperate. Through   detectives had closed 67 percent of homicides in Manhattan and 76 percent of those in Staten Island this year, compared with 54 percent of those in the Bronx, 42 percent of those in Queens and 31 percent of those in Brooklyn. Of last year’s homicides, detectives cleared 71 percent in Manhattan, 63 percent in the Bronx, 62 percent in Queens, 57 percent in Staten Island and 31 percent in Brooklyn. “It’s the culture of the Police Department that they worry about Manhattan,” said Joseph L. Giacalone, a former sergeant in the Bronx Cold Case Squad, in part “because that’s where the money is. ” He added: “When de Blasio came in, he talked about the tale of two cities. And then he’s done the complete opposite of what he said. It’s just business as usual. ” The Bronx’s struggles extend into prosecutions. In each of the last five years, prosecutors in the Bronx have declined to prosecute violent felony cases more than anywhere else in the city. And the rate of conviction in the Bronx is routinely the lowest in the city as well, but has ticked up this year to surpass Brooklyn’s rate through November as Bronx prosecutors work to streamline cases. Some cases have become even more difficult to win because of the   problem in the 40th Precinct, which has allowed defense lawyers to attack the credibility of officers who were implicated, said Patrice O’Shaughnessy, a spokeswoman for the Bronx District Attorney’s office. The district attorney, Darcel D. Clark, elected in 2015, said in a statement, “I was a judge here in the Bronx, and I heard from jurors that they can’t be impartial because they don’t trust the police. ” Against that tide of mistrust, Sergeant LoPuzzo’s detectives work 36 hours straight on some fresh cases. They buy Chinese takeout with their own money for a murder suspect. They carry surveillance videos home in hopes that their personal computers may enhance them better than a squad computer. They buy an urn for a homeless mother who has her murdered son’s ashes in a box. In the months after a killing, they can seem like the only people in this glittering city who are paying attention to the 40th Precinct’s homicide victims. Newly fatherless children go back to school without a therapist’s help. Victims’ families wander confused through a courthouse and nearly miss an appearance. Newspapers largely ignore killings of people with criminal pasts, pushing them down the priority lists of the   chiefs at Police Headquarters. In a stuffy   squad room, the detectives of the 40th Precinct grapple with an inheritance of government neglect. They meet mothers who believe their sons might never have been murdered had a city guidance counselor listened to pleas to help them stay enrolled, or had a city housing worker fixed the locks or lights on a building. And the detectives work alongside a vicious system on the streets for punishing police cooperators. Young men scan court paperwork in prison, looking for the names of people who turned on them. One murder victim in the precinct this year was cast out of his crew after he avoided being arrested with them in a gang takedown some believed he was cooperating. A longtime 40th Precinct detective, Jeff Meenagh, said a witness in a homicide case was going to testify until he went back to his neighborhood and was told that anyone who testified would “get what you deserve. ” The allies Sergeant LoPuzzo makes are friendly only for so long. He helped clear a woman’s son of a robbery charge by locating surveillance video that proved he was not the robber. The mother started calling with tips under a code name  —   about a gun under a car, for example. But she always refused to testify. And she cut ties this year after Sergeant LoPuzzo arrested her son in the stabbing of two people and her   in a shooting. New York City owns East 146th Street and the   buildings on each side. But James Fernandez, in the Betances Houses, said the reality on the ground was different: The drug boss ran the block. By October, Mr. Fernandez was increasingly afraid  —   and fed up. Mr. Fernandez and his wife went so far as to give officers keys to the building door, so they could get in whenever they wanted, showed them the videos and offered them   access to his camera so they could see what was happening in the hallway. A couple of officers said they needed a supervisor’s permission to do more. Others answered that the young men were only making threats. Officers occasionally stopped outside their building, causing the young men to scatter, but did not come inside, Mr. Fernandez said. The menacing worsened. Mr. Fernandez’s daughter was harassed as she arrived home from school. She grew more and more distressed, and her parents had her start seeing a therapist. Mr. Fernandez made several complaints at the office of the borough president, Ruben Diaz Jr. and visited a victim’s advocate in the district attorney’s office. On Oct. 20, 2015, he sent an online note to the police commissioner’s office. “We went to all proper channels for help,” the note said. “Both precincts failed us, except 2 officers who helped us, but their hands are tied. No one else to turn to. I have months of video of multiple crimes taking place and we are in extreme danger. ” “40th and PSA 7 won’t do anything,” he wrote, referring to the local substation. “Please we need to speak to some one with authority. ” The local substation commander, Deputy Inspector Jerry O’Sullivan, and the Bronx narcotics unit were alerted to the complaints. But Mr. Fernandez said he never heard from them. So he relied on his own street instincts to protect his family. He made pleas to a man he thought was employing the dealers in the hallway. The activity quieted briefly, but it returned after the young men rented a room in a woman’s apartment upstairs. Mr. Fernandez approached a different man who he learned was the boss of the operation. The man agreed to ask the dealers to calm down. He even hired a drug customer to sweep the hallway, Mr. Fernandez said. But two weeks later, the dealing and the harassment resumed. So he went to his old Lower East Side bosses, who hired men to trail his wife and daughter on their way out of the building and make sure they made it safely to school. At other times they sat outside the Betances Houses. He also bought two bulletproof vests, for about $700 each. He could not find one small enough for his daughter. “I have no faith in the City of New York, I have no faith in the police, I have no faith in the politicians,” Mr. Fernandez said. “The only thing I know for sure: God, if we’re in a situation again, I will be left to defend my family. ” Paying such close attention to what was happening in the hallway, Mr. Fernandez said he learned some details about two recent homicides that the 40th Precinct was investigating. But because his calls for help were going nowhere, he said he decided not to put himself in greater risk by talking: He would not tell the police what he had learned. “I’m bending over backward, and nobody’s not even doing anything,” he said. “Why am I going to help you, if you ain’t going to help me?” By last January, a new neighborhood coordination officer was working with residents of the Betances Houses, and ended up with the most arrests in his housing command, Inspector O’Sullivan said. Chief Boyce said that the silos in which gang and narcotics detectives used to work made responding to complaints more difficult, but that the recent restructuring would remove those obstacles. “No one should live like Mr. Fernandez lived, with people dealing drugs outside of his apartment,” he said. Mr. Fernandez’s complaints did not spur any arrests, but two men from the hallway were caught separately this year in shootings. One of them, whom Mr. Fernandez named in a police report, was charged this summer with hitting an officer with a metal folding chair and firing three gunshots into a crowd, court papers say. He is being held on Rikers Island on an attempted murder charge. That was too late for Mr. Fernandez. By May, he had moved his family away.",0
6096,The Director of the FBI Reopens the Hillary Case — Paul Craig Roberts,"The Director of the FBI Reopens the Hillary Case
Paul Craig Roberts
Word has reached me from Washington that the FBI has reopened the Hillary case of her violation of US National Security protocols, not because of the content of the new email releases, but because voter support for Trump seems to be overwhelming, while Hillary has cancelled appearances due to inability to muster a crowd. The popular vote leaves the FBI far out on the limb for its corrupt clearance of Hillary. The agency now has to redeem itself.
I myself do not know what precisely to think. Having been at the top of the Washington hierarchy for a quarter century, I have seen many mistaken judgments. At one time I had subpoena power over the CIA and was able to inform President Reagan that the CIA had misled him. He took note and proceeded with his policy of ending the Cold War with the Soviets. On other issues I have been mistaken, because I assumed that there was more integrity in government than actually exists.
However, FBI director Comey did not need to reopen the case against Hillary simply because some new incriminating emails appeared. Having dismissed the other incriminating evidence, these emails could have passed unremarked. 
The problem for the FBI, which once was a trusted American institution, but no longer is, is that there is no longer any doubt that Donald Trump will win the popular vote for president of the United States. His appearances are so heavily attended that thousands are turned away by local fire/occupancy regulations. In contrast, Hillary has curtailed her appearances, because she doesn’t draw more than 30 or 40 people.
Americans are sick to death of the corrupt Clintons and the corrupt American media. The Clintons are so completely bought-and-paid-for by the Oligarchy that they were able to outspend Hollywood on their daughter’s wedding, dropping $3,000,000 on the event.
Nevertheless, I don’t underestimate the power of the Oligarchy. As Assistant Secretary of the US Treasury I experienced the Oligarchy’s power. If I had not been backed by the President of the United States, I would have been destroyed.
Indeed, the Oligarchy is still trying to destroy me.
Possibly Trump, as his enemies allerge, is just another fake, like Obama who misled the electorate. However, Trump attacks the Oligarchy so strongly that it is hard to believe that Trump isn’t real. Trump is asking for a bullet like John F. Kennedy, like Robert Kennedy, like Martin Luther King, like George Wallace. 
In Amerika, dissidents are exterminated. 
Trump is up against voting machines over which he has no control. If there are no INDEPENDENT exit polls, Trump can easily be robbed of the election, as the Texas early voting scandal indicates, with the electronic machines assigning Trump votes to Hillary. The “glitch” doesn’t assign any Hillary votes to Trump.
My expectation is that, unless Trump’s popular vote is so overwhelming, the electoral collage vote will be stolen. Because of the absence of any valid reporting by the presstitutes, I don’t know what impact the orchestrated election of Hillary would have on the electorate. Possibly, Americans will break out of The Matrix and take to the streets.
I beleve that Hillary in the Oval Office would convince the Russians and the Chinese that their national survival requires a pre-emptive nuclear attack on the crazed, insane government of the United States, the complete narcisstic state that in the words of Hillary and Obama is “the exceptional, indispensible country,” empowered by History to impose its will on the world. This crazed American agenda is not something that Russia and China will accept.
Here is Donald Trump speaking to Americans in words Americans have been waiting to hear:
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=D8prvxjW2wM 
Notice that Trump doesn’t need teleprompters. 
I do not agree with Trump on many issues, but the American people do. For me and for the world, the importance of Trump is the prospect of peace with Russia. Nuclear war makes every other problem irrelevant. 
If Hillary is installed by the Oligarchy—this is a word used by former Democratic President Jimmy Carter who said that the US is no longer a functioning democracy but is ruled by an Oligarchy—war with Russia and China will be upon us.
After 15 years the Taliban and ISIS still run wild in the Middle East despite the efforts of the American “superpower.” Unable to defeat a few lightly armied Taiban after 15 years, what prospects does the enfeebled US have of winning a conflict with Russia and China?
None whatsoever.
The United States has had an entire generation of people born into a war for which the purpose is inexplicable. Why these wars? Why this endless slaughter of women and children and endless columns of refugees overwhelming all of Europe desperately striving to escape Washington’s wars of world hegemony. Why do not the total dumbshits in Washington hear when the President of Russia says that “Russia can no longer tolerate the state of affairs that Washington has created in the world.”
The unjustified arrogance of Washington, a washed up Third World State, is likely to destroy life on earth. No greater danger to life exists than Washington. We have to hope that Trump can clean out the Augean Stables.
I
The post The Director of the FBI Reopens the Hillary Case — Paul Craig Roberts appeared first on PaulCraigRoberts.org .",0
6097,Pope Francis Warns Nations Not to Take in More Refugees Than They Can Assimilate,"November 3, 2016 Pope Francis Warns Nations Not to Take in More Refugees Than They Can Assimilate 
In an unusually nuanced discourse, Pope Francis has seemed to walk back earlier statements encouraging European nations to open their doors to migrants and refugees, suggesting that harboring unassimilated migrants can lead to a dangerous “ghettoization.” During the short papal press conference on the return flight from Sweden to Rome Tuesday, the Pope expressed his belief that people’s hearts should be open to migrants and refugees, but that political authorities need to exercise prudence so as not to allow more migrants into the country than can be reasonably assimilated. 
Email (will not be published) (required) Website Sow a seed to help the Jewish people Follow Endtime Copyright © 2016 All Rights Reserved Endtime Ministries | End of the Age | Irvin Baxter Endtime Ministries, Inc. PO Box 940729 Plano, TX 75094 Toll Free: 1.800.363.8463 DON'T JUST READ THE NEWS... understand it from a biblical perspective. Your Information will never be shared with any third party. Get a 2-year subscription, normally $29, now just $20.15. ONLY 500 deals are still available. Offer available while supplies last or it expires on December 31, 2015. close We are a small non-profit that runs a high-traffic website, a daily TV and radio program, a bi-monthly magazine, the prophecy college in Jerusalem, and more. Although we only have 35 team members, we are able to serve tens of millions of people each month; and have costs like other world-wide organizations. We have very few third-party ads and we don’t receive government funding. We survive on the goodness of God, product sales, and donations from our wonderful partners. Dear Readers, X close We have experienced tremendous growth in our web presence over the last five years. In fact, in 2010 we averaged 228,000 pageviews per month. Last year we averaged just over 2,000,000 pageviews per month. That’s an increase of 777% in five years! However, our servers and software are outdated, which causes downtime on occasion for many of you and additional work hours and finances to maintain for us at Endtime. Updating our servers and software as well as maintaining service for a year will cost us $42,000. If each person reading this gave at least $10, our bill to provide FREE broadcasting and resources to the world via our website would be covered for over a year! Learn more - Click Here ► Dear Readers,",0
6098,Entire Dem/Lib Party is Infested with Rats! So much Corruption & Cover Up! This IS NOT who we are! This is what the Dem Party & Hillary Are!,"— Susan? (@GaetaSusan) October 27, 2016 WikiLeaks: Former State Dept. Official Coordinated with Team Clinton on Uranium One Scandal Pushback One month before former State Department official Jose Fernandez defended then-Secretary of State Hillary Clinton’s decision to sign off on the transfer of 20 percent of U.S. uranium to Russia, Fernandez told John Podesta that he was eager to “do all I can to support Secretary Clinton,” according to purported emails uncovered by WikiLeaks. On March 30, 2015 — weeks before the explosive book Clinton Cash was released, and nearly a month before the New York Times published a 4,000 word story detailing the Uranium One transaction that multiple donors to the Clinton Foundation made millions from — Jose Fernandez wrote an email to Podesta in hopes that the pair could meet. 
On April 17, Fernandez writes to Podesta, again, thanking him for their meeting and said, “I would like to do all I can to support Secretary Clinton, and would welcome your advice and help in steering me to the right persons in the campaign.” 
http://www.breitbart.com/big-government/2016/10/26/wikileaks-former-state-dept-official-coordinated-with-team-clinton-on-uranium-one-scandal-pushback/ If The Media Investigated Hillary Like They Did Watergate, We Wouldn’t Need WikiLeaks Today, mainstream publications have become willing accomplices in suppressing the same type of information they worked so tenaciously to expose all those years ago. 
It has now been more than four decades since the Washington Post and New York Times led the charge to bring down Richard Nixon and his administration’s massive web of corruption and political subterfuge schemes. They did so by aggressively and tirelessly seeking out the truth, and reporting back to the American people clearly and comprehensively. 
Today, both publications have become willing accomplices in suppressing the same type of information they worked so tenaciously to expose all those years ago. By openly and unapologetically acting as institutional surrogates for the Clinton campaign, these same institutions, and nearly every other mainstream media outlet in America, have gone hands-off in exposing what may very well turn out to be the most explosive and damaging corruption scandal in American politics since “Tricky Dick” was reelected back in ’72. 
Not by coincidence, Julian Assange and WikiLeaks have stepped in to fill the void. And boy, are the “truth seekers” mad about that! My, How Times Have Changed 
On June 17, 1972, five men were arrested for breaking and entering the Democratic National Committee headquarters at the Watergate complex. Bob Woodward and Carl Bernstein, both reporters for the Washington Post at the time, unflinchingly pursued the complete truth behind the break-in. Little did they know that summer how vast was the network of lies and corruption their investigation would eventually uncover. 
The editors at the Post initially put the story on the back burner, while the Nixon administration deftly stonewalled the reporters’ probes. By September, though, the Post and New York Times were fully on board with the investigation, and the administration had gone into full cover-up mode. Even though the FBI had confirmed that the administration had conducted a political sabotage conspiracy, it was not enough to keep Nixon from being reelected in a landslide in November. But the die was cast. The American press made it clear this story would not end until all the facts were in and Nixon and his henchmen were fully exposed. 
Fast-forward to 2016. We are now two weeks away from the general election, and once again a potentially devastating story appears to be developing, related to a web of corruption and deceit that could eventually rival the Watergate scandal. Just like 1972, the Post and the Times are fully engaged. Except this time, the “two lions of journalism” have little interest in covering the avalanche of revelations pouring forth against the Clinton campaign. Instead, both publications are working around the clock to bring the Democratic nominee to power. That’s not all. Nearly every other mainstream media outlet in the country has jumped on the bandwagon. 
It would be incorrect to think that until now the mainstream media has been a relatively objective source for news. This has been going on for a long time. Few could argue that back in the ’70s, editors Ben Bradlee at the Post and Abe Rosenthal at the Times were not absolutely salivating at the chance to bring Nixon down. But they achieved this objective in relentless pursuit of the facts, not the willing suppression of the same. 
One would think, given the self-inflicted meltdown the Donald Trump camp finds itself in right now, the media might at least feign some level of balanced reporting, but they’ve made it very clear they’re not taking any chances. They’re going to keep digging dirt on Trump, and they’re going to continue to minimize, to the best of their ability, a story that may well have historic and damaging implications, both for the nation as a whole and our entire political system moving forward. 
Although this may prove to be a very successful political tactic for this year’s presidential election, it is likely to forever damage the reputation of mainstream American journalism, and it most certainly will continue to encourage the American public to look elsewhere for the unvarnished truth. President Obama's brother calls for @POTUS to pardon Assange https://t.co/BjtaY2wrJ1 
Assange & Kenya, background: https://t.co/BQ8EqCXTqD",0
6099,"Over 20 Injured, Almost 40 Detained in Venezuelan Opposition Protests","— Alfredo Romero (@alfredoromero) October 26, 2016 
​According to Romero, more than 20 people were injured in the state of Merida, while five were injured in Zulia. 
Earlier on Wednesday, opposition leader Henrique Capriles initiated a large-scale peaceful protest across the country to defend the nation’s right to a referendum on Maduro's recall . According to media reports, police in some Venezuelan cities started to use tear gas against the opposition protesters. ...",0
6100,Celebrating the Death of the TPP Trade Deal,"Celebrating the Death of the TPP Trade Deal November 20, 2016 
Exclusive: It’s been a rough year for neo-liberalism and its orthodoxy about global “free trade,” now including the political defeat of President Obama’s Trans-Pacific Partnership trade deal, writes Chelsea Gilmour. 
By Chelsea Gilmour 
In all practical senses, U.S. participation in the Trans-Pacific Partnership is over, at least for now. The Washington Post reported that Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell says Congress will not seek to ratify the trade deal during the lame-duck session, essentially the last hope of the Obama Administration to pass the deal. People celebrated the defeat of the TPP at a rally on November 17, 2016. (Photo by Chelsea Gilmour) 
House Speaker Paul Ryan said the GOP does not have enough votes to pass TPP in the House, with soon-to-be Senate Minority Leader Chuck Schumer, D-New York, confirming the deal will not be approved. 
How did this historic defeat happen? One answer is people-power built around widespread anger over the damage that earlier trade deals, such as NAFTA, have done to America’s manufacturing base and the decent-paying jobs that went with it. 
The TPP deal was viewed as one more corporate give-away and another sell-out of the working class, a disdain shared by many on both the Left and Right. That, in turn, inspired a strong bipartisan, grassroots opposition that delayed passage of the deal, carrying the issue into 2016 and the presidential election. Timing sealed the deal’s fate, TPP became political anathema to any politician who tried to touch it. 
The pushback against the Trans-Pacific Partnership came from many directions, mainly because of the intersectional nature of the deal itself. The TPP would have affected everything from environmental regulations to internet privacy to pharmaceutical prices to workers’ ability to organize themselves. 
Celebrating a Victory 
At a rally organized by the labor union National Nurses United (NNU) on Nov. 17 in Washington, D.C., various unions, progressive groups and Congressional Democrats came together to celebrate TPP’s apparent defeat and to emphasize the importance of continuing the grassroots momentum under the incoming Trump administration. 
Sen. Bernie Sanders of Vermont, Rep. Tulsi Gabbard of Hawaii and former Ohio State Sen. Nina Turner spoke at the event, along with leaders of various unions and organizations, such as AFL-CIO Vice President Tefere Gebre. The Amalgamated Transit Union (ATU), the Communication Workers of America (CWA), and United Steelworkers (USW) were some of the unions in attendance to support the defeat of the deal and to celebrate their role in helping halt the deal in Congress. 
Fernando Losada, the Collective Bargaining Director of National Nurses United who organized the rally, said “The movement against TPP was a movement of movements, if you will — a movement for healthcare justice, movement for environmental justice, movement for workers rights, etc. All these things were under threat under TPP and now those same movements are under threat [from the Trump administration], so we have to be vigilant, not only about the trade agreements but all the issues.” Members of National Nurses United, which organized the anti-TPP event on November 17, 2016, hold signs supporting Bernie Sanders and Medicare for All. (Photo by Chelsea Gilmour) 
The rally was originally organized to galvanize opposition to the TPP but the trade deal’s political demise transformed the event into more of a celebration. Because of Trump’s victory in the Nov. 8 election, the rally shifted emphasis somewhat to concerns about the actions of a Trump administration. 
For instance, a main theme of the rally was Medicare for All, single-payer healthcare for all American citizens, but there was also fear that the Republican-controlled Congress would take aim at Medicare itself, the health insurance program for the elderly. 
Losada explained: “Medicare itself — Medicare for the limited numbers that it’s available to now — is completely vulnerable and exposed to existential attack by the Republican administration. Paul Ryan, in particular, stated he wants to privatize it.” 
Next Steps for Progressives 
There were also signs of a shared Left-Right hostility toward policies pushed by the Establishment that harm common citizens, the TPP trade deal being only one, though the rally focused on what progressives should do in the future. 
“It’s really about all the political Establishment that would think about undermining our past achievements, our rights, and our aspirations for the future as a movement,” Losado said. “We’ve got to organize people’s power here, there’s just no alternative to it. We can only organize our way out of this one. 
“We think that this coming period is going to really rally people, we’re already seeing that. We’re going to see a rise in militancy, a rise in vigilance and maybe this is what the movement needs to finally get us over the hump. The alternative, of a neoliberal regime in power, ultimately may have not helped the final outcome, so we’ll see. We’ll remain hopeful. All we can do is fight.” 
Former Ohio Sen. Turner, a Bernie Sanders supporter during Campaign 2016, MC’d the event and asked attendees — particularly progressives — to be wary against tactics of division and hate in their organizing efforts, tactics which were used extensively by the Trump team. She said the “promise lies in the problem” and referenced the popular Democratic slogan, “Love Trumps Hate.” 
Bernie Sanders called on Democrats to reflect on their own shortcomings and to formulate a new direction moving forward. He endorsed Rep. Keith Ellison, D-Minnesota, to become the new chairman of the Democratic National Committee. (Photo by Chelsea Gilmour) 
Addressing the likely policies of the incoming Trump administration, Sanders said, “Donald Trump is not going to stand up to the Establishment — We are going to stand up to the Establishment.” 
He stressed the need for individuals of all political stripes to get involved in movement-building in their own communities: “If there’s any message I have today it is not ‘Bernie,’ it is ‘All of Us Together.’ … 
“As previous speakers have told you and what I believe: if you look at history, the lesson that you learn is that when ordinary people stand up by the millions, when they don’t let demagogues divide us up … when we stand together and keep our eyes on the prize, when we focus on economic justice, when we focus on social justice, racial justice, environmental justice, when we stand together, Donald Trump and nobody — nobody — is going to stop us. Let us go forward together.”",0
6101,Exclusive: Sean Spicer Gives CNN Public Dressing-down in Press Gaggle - Breitbart,"White House Press secretary Sean Spicer angrily confronted a CNN reporter following a story reporting that the administration pressured the FBI to publicly “knock down”   stories in the media. [The gaggle, which took place Friday morning, was described as a “background briefing” by the White House. It included the White House press pool and was expanded to include a CNN reporter as well as reporters from ABC, NBC, Fox Business and Fox News. CBS was in the pool.  Spicer went on the record to confront CNN in front of their colleagues in the White House during the briefing that occurred in his office. CNN reporter Joe John (whose byline did not appear on contested story) was told by Spicer that their network was wrong to suggest that the White House put “pressure” on the FBI to publicly challenge the reports on   ties. Some of the details of Spicer’s comments about the story were included in the White House press pool, but a White House aide that was present in the room detailed the confrontation. “I know it’s a CNN issue you guys have  —   but at least get it straight,” an enraged Spicer said to John. The White House maintains that FBI deputy director Andrew McCabe approached White House chief of staff Reince Priebus to discuss the misleading story in The New York Times, that he described as “bulls**t. ” That meeting occurred on February 15, after the New York Times published the story. Priebus asked McCabe if they would correct the record, which cited sources claiming the existence of an FBI investigation into “repeated contacts” between Trump aides and Russian intelligence. The CNN report claims that this meeting violated “procedures that limit communications with the FBI on pending investigations. ” All of this was directly pointed out to CNN reporter Joe John during the press gaggle. Spicer repeatedly emphasized that the meeting was about a story in a newspaper, not the ongoing investigation. The real story, according to White House officials, was that according to the FBI, the New York Times got their initial story wrong. CNN’s reporter was told by Spicer that their network had “buried the lead. ” Spicer reportedly said he was “disgusted” with the way CNN handled the story, calling it “disgraceful. ” Later, Friday afternoon, the White House hosted a gaggle for the press pool in Sean Spicer’s office, and included reporters from One America News, Breitbart News, The Washington Times, and The Washington Examiner. CNN was not included in the second gaggle, which prompted a protest that they were being “shut out” by Spicer. “This is an unacceptable development by the Trump White House. Apparently this is how they retaliate when you report facts that don’t like,” a statement from the CNN public relations department read. “We’ll keep reporting regardless. ” Similar exclusions of press outlets took place under the Obama administration, which restricted some press meetings to liberal outlets as reported by The New York Times. ",0
6102,Donald Trump’s Deals Rely on Being Creative With the Truth - The New York Times,"There was the time Donald J. Trump told Larry King that he had been paid more than $1 million to give a speech about his business acumen when in fact he was paid $400, 000. Or the time he sought a bank loan claiming a net worth of $3. 5 billion in 2004, four times as much as what the bank found when it checked his math. Or the time he boasted that membership to Trump National Golf Club in Westchester County, N. Y. cost $300, 000 when the actual initiation fee was $200, 000. Or the time he bragged on CNBC about his new Trump International Hotel and Tower in Las Vegas, claiming, “We have 1, 282 units, and they sold out in less than a week. ” As Mr. Trump knew, more than 300 units had not been sold. Confronted in a court case about this last untruth, Mr. Trump was anything but chagrined. “I’m talking to a television station,” he said. “We do want to put the best spin on the property. ” As Mr. Trump prepares to claim the Republican nomination for president this week, he and his supporters are sure to laud his main calling card  —   his long, operatic record as a swaggering business tycoon. And without question, there will be successes aplenty to highlight, from his gleaming golden   to his   golf resorts, hit TV shows and   books. But a survey of Mr. Trump’s four decades of wheeling and dealing also reveals an equally operatic record of dissembling and deception, some of it unabashedly confirmed by Mr. Trump himself, who nearly 30 years ago first extolled the business advantages of “truthful hyperbole. ” Indeed, based on the mountain of court records churned out over the span of Mr. Trump’s career, it is hard to find a project he touched that did not produce allegations of broken promises, blatant lies or outright fraud. Under the intense scrutiny of a presidential election, many of those allegations have already become familiar campaign fodder: the Trump University students and Trump condo buyers who say they were fleeced the public servants from New Jersey to Scotland who now say they rue the zoning approvals, licenses or tax breaks they gave based on Mr. Trump’s promises the   contractors who say Mr. Trump concocted complaints about their work to avoid paying them the infuriated business partners who say Mr. Trump concealed profits or ignored contractual obligations the business journalists and stock analysts who say Mr. Trump smeared them for critical coverage. Taken as a whole, though, an examination of Mr. Trump’s business career reveals persistent patterns in the way Mr. Trump bends or breaks the truth  —   patterns that may already feel familiar to those watching his campaign. First and foremost is Mr. Trump’s tendency toward the   fib  —   as if it were not impressive enough to be paid $400, 000 for a speech. What also emerges is a nearly reflexive habit of telling his target audience precisely what he thinks it wants to hear  —   such as promising Trump University students they will learn all his real estate secrets from his “handpicked” instructors. And finally, there is the pattern already deeply familiar to his political opponents  —   making spurious claims against adversaries under Mr. Trump’s   theory that the best defense is a   offense. Equally striking is his Houdiniesque ability to wiggle away from all but the most skilled and determined efforts to corner him in an apparent lie. In interviews, lawyers who have tangled with Mr. Trump in court cases are sometimes reduced to sputtering, astonished rage, calling him “borderline pathological” and “the Michelangelo of deception” as they attempt to describe the ease with which Mr. Trump weaves his own versions of reality. “He’s a bully, and bullies aren’t known for their veracity,” said Richard C. Seltzer, a retired senior partner at the law firm Kaye Scholer who confronted Mr. Trump in three real estate lawsuits. In a telephone interview on Friday, Mr. Trump defended his integrity as a businessman  —   “I shoot very straight”  —   and argued that those who accuse him of acting in bad faith are often the same people he has outmaneuvered in deals. “What, you’re going to quote people that I’ve beat? Are you going to quote people that I  ?” he asked, adding, “I’ll give you hundreds of names of people that have dealt with me that say I’m very honest. ” Hillary Clinton, meanwhile, is already hard at work making the case that Mr. Trump’s   business record is a harbinger of how he would mislead from the Oval Office. Her campaign has even put up a    website: www. artofthesteal. biz. Mr. Trump’s business record may help explain why various   have barely been able to keep pace with his false claims on the campaign trail. PolitiFact has labeled 34 of Mr. Trump’s assertions “Pants on Fire” lies. As of July 1, The Washington Post had   46 statements by Mr. Trump. It gave 70 percent of them its worst rating, four Pinocchios  —   a record so abysmal that the newspaper recently compiled a video of what it called “Donald Trump’s most outrageous   claims. ” The taxonomy of Mr. Trump’s business deceptions has been the subject of legal and journalistic scrutiny for decades. A Fortune magazine article from 2000 memorably described Mr. Trump’s “astonishing ability to prevaricate” this way: “But when Trump says he owns 10 percent of the Plaza Hotel, understand that what he actually means is that he has the right to 10 percent of the profit if it’s ever sold. When he says he’s building a ‘  building’ next to the U. N. he means a   building that has   ceilings. And when he says his casino company is the ‘largest employer in the state of New Jersey,’ he actually means to say it is the eighth largest. ” The casino magnate Steve Wynn, a sometimes friend and sometimes foe of Mr. Trump’s, took up the subject of Mr. Trump’s honesty in an interview with New York magazine. “His statements to people like you, whether they concern us and our projects or our motivations or his own reality or his own future or his own present you have seen over the years have no relation to truth or fact,” Mr. Wynn said. Some of the earliest documented examples of Mr. Trump’s deceptive business tactics come from none other than Mr. Trump, who in books and in interviews sometimes seems to delight in describing the brazen bluffs and   trickery he used to claw his way to the upper echelons of New York City’s cutthroat real estate world. “You have to understand where I was coming from,” Mr. Trump wrote in his 1987    “The Art of the Deal. ” “While there are certainly honorable people in the real estate business, I was more accustomed to the sort of people with whom you don’t want to waste the effort of a handshake because you know it’s meaningless. ” Mr. Trump was particularly proud of a stratagem he employed in 1982, when he was trying to entice Holiday Inn to invest in a casino he was building in Atlantic City. The board of directors decided to visit Atlantic City, which worried Mr. Trump because he had precious little actual construction to show off. So Mr. Trump ordered his construction supervisor to cram every bulldozer and dump truck he could find into the nearly vacant construction site. “What the bulldozers and dump trucks did wasn’t important, I said, so long as they did a lot of it. If they got some actual work accomplished, all the better, but if necessary, he should have the bulldozers dig up dirt from one side of the site and dump it on the other. ” A week later, when Mr. Trump escorted the Holiday Inn executives to the site, one board member wanted to know why a worker was filling a hole he had just dug. “This was difficult for me to answer, but fortunately, this board member was more curious than he was skeptical,” Mr. Trump wrote, boasting that weeks later Holiday Inn agreed to invest in his casino. “That’s called ‘business,’” Mr. Trump said on Friday of the episode. In court cases against Mr. Trump  —   USA Today counted 3, 500 lawsuits involving Mr. Trump, and Mr. Trump estimates he has testified more than 100 times  —   plaintiffs’ lawyers frequently return to the same two paragraphs from “The Art of the Deal. ” “I call it truthful hyperbole. It’s an innocent form of exaggeration  —   and a very effective form of promotion. ” In depositions, lawyers have repeatedly probed for the limits of Mr. Trump’s “truthful hyperbole,” or, as one lawyer framed it, the distinction Mr. Trump makes between “innocent exaggeration” and “guilty exaggeration. ” For example, in the   Trump University litigation, Mr. Trump was asked in a deposition about a script that had been prepared for Trump University instructors. According to the script, the instructors were supposed to tell their students the following: “I remember one time Mr. Trump said to us over dinner, he said, ‘Real estate is the only market that, when there’s a sale going on, people run from the store.’ You don’t want to run from the store. ” No such dinners ever took place, Mr. Trump acknowledged. In fact, Mr. Trump struggled to identify a single one of the instructors he claimed to have handpicked, even after he was shown their photographs. Nonetheless, Mr. Trump was not bothered by the script’s false insinuation of real estate secrets shared over chummy dinners. Asked if this example constituted “innocent exaggeration,” Mr. Trump replied, “Yes, I’d say that’s an innocent exaggeration. ” On Friday, Mr. Trump argued that the script might fall under the legal concept of “puffery”  —   which many legal dictionaries define as an exaggeration or statement that “no reasonable person” would take as factual. And in any event, he continued, the true sinners in the Trump University case are the students who sued him even after giving rave reviews in their written evaluations of the seminars. “I think that’s dishonest,” he said. Mr. Trump has been repeatedly accused of bringing false legal claims to avoid paying debts and evade contractual obligations. As far back as 1983, a New York City housing court judge ruled that Mr. Trump filed a “spurious” lawsuit to harass a tenant into vacating a Trump building. Then there was the case Mr. Trump brought against Barbara Corcoran, the real estate broker best known for her appearances on “Shark Tank. ” In the   Mr. Trump owed millions of dollars to Ms. Corcoran for helping him secure financing for a development. But when New York magazine published a cover story about the troubled project  —   “Trump’s   Experience”  —   Mr. Trump sued Ms. Corcoran, accusing her and her associates of sharing damaging information with the magazine and thus violating a confidentiality agreement. He refused to pay her the millions he owed, claiming her breach had gravely damaged his business. At trial, Mr. Trump was unable to produce a single document showing harm to his business. But his certitude never wavered, even after Ms. Corcoran’s lawyer, Mr. Seltzer, confronted him with article after article in which Mr. Trump himself had discussed with reporters much of the same “confidential” information he accused Ms. Corcoran’s team of divulging. “There is something very belligerent about the way he presents facts, as if he thinks nobody will have the balls to stand up to him,” Mr. Seltzer said in an interview. (In dismissing Mr. Trump’s suit against Ms. Corcoran, the judge said the only damages he could identify were to Mr. Trump’s “bruised ego. ”) In Friday’s interview, Mr. Trump denied filing frivolous court cases, insisting, “I’ve won a massive majority of the litigation I’ve been involved in. ” He pointed to the USA Today survey of his 3, 500 legal cases. Although the newspaper could not determine who had prevailed in the vast majority of the cases, it did find Mr. Trump the clear winner in 450 suits and the clear loser in 38. And, indeed, for all of the litigation Mr. Trump has attracted or spawned, for all of the times he has been accused of ruinous dishonesty, the legal and regulatory record is surprisingly bare of official findings by judges, juries or regulators that Mr. Trump engaged in perjury or improper deception or actual fraud. A rare exception came after Mr. Trump decided to demolish a department store to make way for his Trump Tower in Midtown Manhattan. Mr. Trump’s demolition contractor hired about 200 unauthorized Polish laborers, paying them as little as $4 an hour to work 12 hours a day, seven days a week. The case ended up in federal court after some workers were shortchanged even these wages. Mr. Trump protested that he knew nothing about the use of unauthorized workers  —   even though workers testified that they saw him visiting the site and some witnesses said that Mr. Trump and the executive he assigned to oversee the demolition were well aware of what was going on. In 1991, a federal judge, Charles E. Stewart Jr. ruled that despite Mr. Trump’s denials, there was “strong evidence” that he and his subordinates and his contractor had conspired to hire the Polish workers and deprive them of employment benefits. He awarded them $325, 415 in damages. But in case after case, Mr. Trump has displayed a special talent for turning what should be cold hard facts into semantic mush. Perhaps the most famous example of this skill came when Mr. Trump was asked under oath a seemingly straightforward question: Had he ever lied about his net worth? Mr. Trump responded, “My net worth fluctuates and it goes up and down with markets and with attitudes and with feelings, even my own feelings. ” So, he explained in a deposition, when he said membership costs $300, 000 to his Westchester golf club, that included the $200, 000 initiation fee plus every cent he guessed that a member might spend on annual dues over the next 20 or 30 years. In other words, “The way I say it is more accurate. ” And when he told Larry King he was paid more than $1 million for a speech, it was not his fault if viewers failed to realize he was including not just his $400, 000 speaking fee but also the hundreds of thousands of dollars he assumed must have been spent promoting his appearance. Part of what makes Mr. Trump such an elusive target is that his paper trail is often minimal. Mr. Trump has repeatedly testified that he does not use computers. He says he also throws away his day planner each month, and just last year he testified that he did not own a smartphone. “Unlike Hillary Clinton, I’m not a big email fan,” he said, leaving open the question of how he posts to Twitter. Mr. Trump is also adept at deflecting blame to his staff. In two of his books, Mr. Trump made the startling and, as it turned out, bogus claim that he had once performed the remarkable feat of climbing out from under more than $9 billion in debt. Mr. Trump blamed his ghostwriter for the mistake. Asked if he reads his books before publication, Mr. Trump said, “I read it as quickly as I can because of time constraints. ” Mr. Trump is also the beneficiary of miraculously   memory lapses. In suit after suit, the man who claims to possess one of world’s best memories suddenly seems to have chronic memory loss when asked about critical facts or events. Such was the case when Mr. Trump filed a libel lawsuit against Timothy L. O’Brien, the author of “TrumpNation: The Art of Being the Donald. ” Among other things, Mr. Trump asserted that “TrumpNation” cost him a “deal made in heaven” with a group of Italian investors, men he had met and who were on the brink of signing a business partnership that would have made him hundreds of millions of dollars. Their names? He could not recall. “TrumpNation” also cost him a hotel deal with Russian investors, he said. He could not remember their names, either. He was certain the book also ruined a deal with Turkish investors. Again, he could not recall any names. Polish investors also got cold feet after they read Mr. O’Brien’s book. Their names escaped him, too. The book also scared off investors from Ukraine. Alas, he could not think of their names either. Mr. Trump’s lawsuit was dismissed.",0
6103,DELINGPOLE: Al Gore - Global Warming Is Real Because... Production Values,"Al Gore has issued a devastating riposte to President Trump’s Executive Order on Energy: he has unleashed the trailer for An Inconvenient Sequel: Truth To Power. [Unlike its creaky predecessor  —   basically an extended powerpoint lecture featuring crap animations of drowning polar bears and a fat, sweating, failed presidential candidate in a suit clambering up onto a hydraulic elevator to make some tendentious, whiney point about a graph  —   this sequel uses shock, awe and spectacular footage to bludgeon its audience into submission.  A maelstrom of brown, boiling floodwaters, calving glaciers, burning mountainsides and lashing tornadoes, Gore’s production team have pulled out the stops to create a propaganda movie so lavishly convincing it makes Triumph Of The Will look like Snakes On A Plane. At the heart of the movie is Gore himself  —   whose caring, nurturing,   sensitivity as he travels the world’s weather disaster zones to marvel at the damage done by man’s selfishness, greed and      (TM) is contrasted with the smirking evil of the movie’s   Donald J. Trump. Trump, of course, represents the “Power” to whom the heroic Gore figure is speaking “Truth. ” What is clear, though, even from the      trailer, is that among the things left behind on the cutting room floor are science, integrity, and credibility. There is, for example, absolutely no evidence that   carbon dioxide has produced an increase in extreme weather events. In fact tornadoes, hurricanes, droughts, bitter winters and extreme precipitation have all either remained much the same or reduced since “global warming” began. So what Gore is doing here, in other words, is misleading his audience with weather horror porn of extreme events which have nothing at all to do with climate change. As for the prominently featured wind turbines and solar arrays  —   these are a blatant attempt to push the expensive, environmentally damaging, inefficient renewables to which green shysters like Gore are ideologically committed but which will make no difference to climate change. Their sole purpose is to enrich, at taxpayers’ expense, a few of the   troughers,   and other charlatans who are leeching off the back of this disgusting $1. 5 trillion per annum scam. Follow the money: this is the real reason Gore has made this movie. And it’s the reason there has been such squealing objection to President Trump’s (actually quite disappointingly modest) attempts to take on the Climate Industrial Complex. Still, you can tell Trump is headed in the right direction from the kind of people who are attacking him. Historians in the near future will mark today, March 28, 2017, as the day the extinction of human life on earth began, thanks 2 Donald Trump,  —   Michael Moore (@MMFlint) March 28, 2017,  Trump admin has put American people’s health  our planet’s future on the back burner, lining the pockets of big oil  special interests.  —   Chuck Schumer (@SenSchumer) March 28, 2017,  This will kill 120k  . Donald Trump is about to undo Obama’s legacy on climate change https:  .  # via @HuffPostPol,  —   Mark Ruffalo (@MarkRuffalo) March 28, 2017,  These are the kind of rising sea levels we can all enjoy: the ones caused by the sweet, salty deluge of liberal tears.",0
6104,FBI Director may be sacked for intrusion into elections,"FBI Director may be sacked for intrusion into elections 08.11.2016 James Comey, Director of the FBI, can be sacked in the nearest future because of a thoughtless step - 'intrusion into elections'. As the British Daily Mail reported with a reference to a source in the White House, it was Obama's adviser Valerie Jarrett who convinced him of necessity to undertake such a step. Head of the FBI alienated both Democrats and Republicans. Thus, the Congress will support the leaving president in this issue. Obama has already discussed with Jarrett all the possible legal and political consequences of such decision. At the same time, other sources assert that Comey himself is ready to resign, not waiting for Obama's decision. In the FBI they believe that the Director has prejudiced reputation of the bureau and lost his weight among employees . Reopening of investigation against the presidential candidate Hillary Clinton 'for no apparent reason ' and further closure of the case without consulting with experts have concerned law-enforcement as well as prosecutors. Pravda.Ru",0
6105,Weak Federal Powers Could Limit Trump’s Climate-Policy Rollback - The New York Times,"With Donald J. Trump about to take control of the White House, it would seem a dark time for the renewable energy industry. After all, Mr. Trump has mocked the science of global warming as a Chinese hoax, threatened to kill a global deal on climate change and promised to restore the coal industry to its former glory. So consider what happened in the middle of December, after investors had had a month to absorb the implications of Mr. Trump’s victory. The federal government opened bidding on a tract of the ocean floor off New York State as a potential site for a huge wind farm. Up, up and away soared the offers  —   interest from the bidders was so fevered that the auction went through 33 rounds and spilled over to a second day. In the end, the winning bidder offered the federal Treasury $42 million, more than twice what the government got in August for oil leases  —   oil leases  —   in the Gulf of Mexico. Who won the bid? None other than Statoil, the Norwegian oil company, which is in the midst of a major campaign to turn itself into a big player in renewable energy. We do not know for sure that the New York wind farm will get built, but we do know this: The energy transition is real, and Mr. Trump is not going to stop it. On a global scale, more than half the investment in new electricity generation is going into renewable energy. That is more than $300 billion a year, a sign of how powerful the momentum has become. Wind power is booming in the United States, with the industry adding manufacturing jobs in the reddest states. When Mr. Trump’s appointees examine the facts, they will learn that   technician is projected to be the   occupation in America over the next decade. The election of Mr. Trump left climate activists and environmental groups in despair. They had pinned their hopes on a Hillary Clinton victory and a continuation of President Obama’s strong push to tackle global warming. Now, of course, everything is in flux. In the worst case, with a sufficiently pliant Congress, Mr. Trump could roll back a decade of progress on climate change. Barring some miraculous conversion on Mr. Trump’s part, his election cannot be interpreted as anything but bad news for the climate agenda. Yet despair might be an overreaction. For starters, when Mr. Trump gets to the White House, he will find that the federal government actually has relatively little control over American energy policy, and particularly over electricity generation. The coal industry has been ravaged in part by cheap natural gas, which is abundant because of technological changes in the way it is produced, and there is no lever in the Oval Office that Mr. Trump can pull to reverse that. The intrinsically weak federal role was a source of frustration for Mr. Obama and his aides, but now it will work to the benefit of environmental advocates. They have already persuaded more than half the states to adopt mandates on renewable energy. Efforts to roll those back have largely failed, with the latest development coming only last week, when Gov. John Kasich of Ohio, a Republican, vetoed a rollback bill. The federal government does offer important subsidies for renewable energy, and they will surely become a target in the new Congress. But those subsidies are already scheduled to fall drastically over five years, in a deal cut a year ago that gave the oil industry some favors and that passed Congress with many Republican votes. If Mr. Trump pushes for an early end to the subsidies, he will find that renewable energy has friends in the Republican Party. Topping that list is Charles E. Grassley, the senior senator from Iowa. That state  —     in presidential politics, let us remember  —   will soon be getting 40 percent of its electricity from wind power. “Senator Grassley has been and continues to be an extraordinary leader and champion for the wind industry,” said Tom Kiernan, the head of the American Wind Energy Association, a trade group. When I spoke with him last week, Mr. Kiernan did not sound like a man gnashing his teeth about the impending Trump era. By his group’s calculations, $80 billion of wind industry investment is in the pipeline for the United States over the next few years. “We are creating jobs throughout America,   jobs, and we think   Trump will want that to continue,” he said. If Mr. Trump really wanted to roll back the clock, he could try to get Congress to override all the state mandates, a gross violation of the supposed conservative commitment to federalism. But it would be a titanic fight, some Republican senators would defect on principle, and Mr. Trump would almost certainly lose. So if the damage Mr. Trump can do domestically is limited by circumstance, what about the international effort against global warming? That is the prospect that has David G. Victor most worried. Dr. Victor, a professor at the University of California at San Diego, is one of the closest observers of global climate politics. While the nations of the world agreed a year ago to a landmark deal to tackle global warming, that consensus is fragile, he pointed out. The Paris Agreement is really an outline more promise than reality. Mr. Trump has vowed to withdraw. Right now, other countries are saying they will go forward even if he does so, but it is not hard to imagine the thing unraveling. As part of the negotiations, the Obama administration promised billions of dollars from American taxpayers to help poor countries adjust to the devastation of global warming. “That’s a big part of the glue that held the Paris deal together,” Dr. Victor pointed out. Mr. Trump is considered likely to abandon that pledge. Perhaps the biggest threat to the climate agenda posed by the incoming administration is not anything that Mr. Trump might do, but rather what he will not do. While the energy transition is real, it is still in its earliest stages. Iowa may soon get 40 percent of its power from wind, but for the United States as a whole, the figure is closer to 5 percent. The transition is simply not happening fast enough. The pledges countries made in Paris, even if kept, are not ambitious enough. To meet the climate goals embodied in the Paris Agreement, the world needed an American president who would have pushed hard to accelerate the energy transition. You can debate whether Mrs. Clinton would have been that president, but it is certainly clear that Mr. Trump will not be. So as Washington goes into reverse gear on climate policy, seas will keep rising and heat waves will get worse. Later this month, global monitoring agencies are expected to report that 2016 was the hottest year in the historical record, beating out 2015, which beat out 2014. If nothing else, the next four years may be a fascinating test of just how far politics can become divorced from physical reality.",0
6106,"’Muslim Majority’ Versus Islamic Nations, Part 2: Sharia Law and Islam as the State Religion - Breitbart","In Part 1 of this look at the Islamic world, we examined three nations with Muslim majority populations where the future of religious freedom is in question. [Next, we will run through the   countries where Islam is the state religion. The nations of Iraq, Iran, Libya, Syria, Sudan, Yemen, and Somalia were all covered in a previous article on President Trump’s executive order to temporarily restrict immigrants and visitors from those points of origin. All name Islam as their official state religion.  Afghanistan: America’s investment in blood and treasure to liberate Afghanistan from the Taliban produced a 2004 Constitution that formally identifies the   country as the “Islamic Republic of Afghanistan. ” The constitution’s preamble begins, “In the name of Allah, the Most Beneficient, the Most Merciful. Praise be to Allah, the Cherisher and Sustainer of Worlds and Praise and Peace be upon Mohammad His Last Messenger, and his disciples and followers. ” “The sacred religion of Islam” is the official state religion, although the constitution stipulates that “followers of other faiths shall be free within the bounds of law in the exercise and performance of their religious rituals. ” The U. S. State Department has consistently rated actual religious freedom in Afghanistan as poor, although better than it was under the Taliban. Among other things, conversion away from Islam is considered apostasy and is punished by death, and the Bahai religion is considered blasphemous, so its practice is punished by death. Publicizing or promoting religions other than Islam is forbidden. The constitution expresses appreciation for “the sacrifices, historical struggles, jihad, and just resistance of all the peoples of Afghanistan, admiring the supreme position of the martyrs of the country’s freedom. ” Article Three of the Afghan constitution states that “no law shall contravene the tenets and provisions of the holy religion of Islam in Afghanistan. ” According to the U. S. State Department, representatives of minority religions complain they are not afforded the same legal rights as Muslims. Less than   of one percent of the Afghan population currently follows a faith other than Sunni or Shia Islam. About 90 percent of the country is Sunni Muslim the Shiites often complain of discrimination. Algeria: Islam is the state religion, and is specified as a “fundamental component” of national identity in the constitution. Algerian law grants religious freedom to the less than 1 percent of the population that does not practice Sunni Islam, but proselytizing by   is a criminal offense, as is “offending the Prophet Mohammed. ”   groups have reported difficulty registering with the Algerian government. Bangladesh: About 90 percent of the population is Muslim. Islam is the official state religion, as specified in the 1972 constitution. The fundamental principles of the government are “absolute trust and faith in the Almighty Allah, nationalism, democracy, and socialism meaning economic and social justice. ” Overall, the Bangladeshi constitution is much heavier on socialism than Islam. It includes provisions that forbid discrimination based on religion. However, the U. S. State Department reports complaints of discrimination against   in matters such as property disputes and the presence of Islamic questions on university exams. The State Department notes that the government of Bangladesh provides hefty financial support for its Islamic Foundation  —   orders of magnitude more than it gives to Hindu, Christian, or Buddhist welfare trusts  —   and makes special allowances for fatwas (religious edicts) issued by top Muslim leaders. The secular government also has a special relationship with large mosques, although it does not directly control most of them. The government can appoint and remove imams from the   mosques, and there are   training academies for imams. Bangladesh is over 90 percent Muslim, with Hindus comprising the largest religious minority at 8 percent. Bangladesh made international headlines over the past two years for the murders of atheist and   bloggers by Islamist vigilantes. “As the world progresses under the banner of freedom of expression, we seem to be hurtling backwards,” one blogger told CNN in 2016. Religious freedom activists criticized the Bangladeshi government for spending more time denouncing the victims and imprisoning bloggers than hunting for the killers. ISIS and   are both active in Bangladesh, claiming responsibility for much of its religious violence. Comoros: Tiny Comoros has a population of just 767, 000, which is 99 percent Sunni Muslim. Only a few hundred residents practice a religion other than Sunni Islam. Islam is mandated as the official state religion by the 2001 constitution. Subsequent legislation defined Sunni Shafi’i Islam as the only permissible religious practice. Practicing any other religion in public or proselytizing for it is illegal and can result in deportation for foreigners.   Muslims are forbidden from training clergy or building houses of worship. Conversion from Islam is a criminal offense. The designated leader of national Islam, the Grand Mufti, is appointed by the president. The children of citizens are required to receive education in the Koran. Djibouti: The population of this small country is 94 percent Sunni Muslim, with a diverse mix of faiths comprising the other six percent. The U. S. State Department describes the   population as “generally   citizens and expatriates, highly concentrated in Djibouti City. ” Islam is the   state religion. The president swears an Islamic oath of office. There is a government Ministry of Islamic Affairs, which has the power to close mosques and replace imams. Imams are treated as civil servants working for the Ministry of Islamic Affairs, which technically owns their mosques. Citizens who do not specify another religion are treated as Muslim by default and are subject to a court system that “includes elements of civil and Islamic law. ” The government does not recognize   religious marriages. However, the constitution also protects freedom of religion and forbids   political parties. The law imposes no official sanctions against   and requires some civil servants to swear secular oaths of office. The practice of religions other than Islam is not forbidden or regulated by the government. The State Department observes that the Djibouti government has “permitted a limited number of Christian missionaries to sell religious books and pamphlets. ” Conversion away from Islam is not illegal. Egypt: Of course, there was much drama surrounding the fall of authoritarian president Hosni Mubarak during the Arab Spring, the rise to power of the Muslim Brotherhood, and the Brotherhood’s ouster by the current president, Abdel Fattah  . Egypt’s 2014 constitution specifies Islam as the state religion, and sharia as the “principal source of legislation. ” The constitution goes on to extend legal protection to Christian and Jewish religious affairs. The U. S. State Department notes that only Muslims, Christians, and Jews are explicitly granted the right to practice their religions freely. Some religious are outright banned under Egyptian law, including the Bahai and the Jehovah’s Witnesses. Egypt’s constitution also grants special status to   the main Islamic university in Cairo. According to the constitution,   is “the main authority for religious sciences and Islamic affairs,” with a responsibility for “preaching Islam and disseminating the religious sciences and the Arabic language in Egypt and the world. ” The constitution requires Egypt’s government to provide “enough financial allocations to achieve its purposes,” and forbids the secular government from dismissing the Grand Sheikh who oversees the university. Egypt is about 90 percent Sunni Muslim. While the Sisi government occasionally reaches out to other religions in various ways, especially Coptic Christians, there is no question that Egyptian law discriminates against   in many ways, including apostasy prosecutions for those who convert away from Islam. For example, from the State Department’s 2015 report on Egypt:  In keeping with sharia,   men must convert to Islam to marry Muslim women, although   women need not convert to marry Muslim men. A   woman who converts to Islam must divorce her husband if he is not Muslim and is unwilling to convert. Custody of children is then awarded to the mother. Jordan: Jordan is about 97 percent Sunni Muslim, and Islam is the state religion. Sharia courts are built right into the constitution. The government has several ministries dedicated to Islamic affairs. The King of Jordan is required to be Muslim, and the Hashemite royal family has religious significance. Jordan’s constitution also guarantees religious freedom for   and the kingdom prides itself on promoting that ideal, but the U. S. State Department’s report on Jordan explains that the primacy of sharia in the Jordanian legal code causes some problems  —   most especially when   proselytize, or a Muslim attempts to convert away from Islam. Promoting other religions to a Muslim can be prosecuted as “harming the national unity. ” The sharia courts treat converts as “Muslim apostates” in perpetuity, which can have unpleasant ramifications for child custody and property rights. Muslim women are prohibited from marrying   men. Furthermore, the government will not allow a convert away from Islam to change his religious affiliation on the national ID card. Christians are only permitted to run for 36 of the 150 seats in the Jordanian parliament, with 9 of those seats expressly reserved for Christians. No other religion is allowed to hold seats except for the Druze, who are classified as Muslims. Jordan’s civil service exams require even   to learn some verses from the Koran. The   system has been criticized for failing to promote religious diversity and tolerance. Malaysia: Malaysia is only about 60 percent Muslim, but Islam is the official state religion. (More specifically, Sunni Islam  —   the spread of Shia Islam is illegal.) The constitution deals extensively with the rules for determining who is the “head of the religion of Islam” in different provinces. The constitution guarantees religious freedom for   but there has been great controversy over the past year about the Malaysian government’s attempt to impose Islamic law upon  . Critics have denounced this as pandering to the Muslim majority. Malaysian law criminalizes insults to Islam and proselytizing to Muslims by  .   are required to adopt Islam if they seek to marry a Muslim. Muslims who wish to convert to other religions must obtain approval from sharia courts to declare themselves “apostates”  —   permission the courts rarely grant. In some Malaysian states, conversion away from Islam is a crime punishable by fines, imprisonment,   beatings. Malaysians carry a national ID card that specifies whether they are Muslim or not. Maldives: The Republic of Maldives is absolutely repressive. Sunni Islam is the state religion, the constitution is “based on the principles of Islam,” sharia law is superior to civil law, and the public practice of any other religion is forbidden. Even proselytizing Muslims to change to other denominations of Islam is forbidden. Public officials are required to be Sunni Muslims.   cannot even be full citizens of the country. Speech which contradicts the “basic tenets of Islam” is forbidden. Schools are required to teach “obedience to Islam” and “instill love of Islam. ” Mosques are effectively government institutions.   Mauritania: The population is almost entirely Muslim. Islam is the state religion. Citizenship is restricted to Muslims a Muslim who converts away from Islam loses his citizenship. A small number of   Christian churches are allowed to serve the needs of foreigners, but Mauritanian citizens are forbidden to attend them. Apostasy is punishable by death. There is a government Ministry of Islamic Affairs and Traditional Education that monitors mosques and helps promote religious edicts. There are   Koran radio and TV stations, government funding of mosques, and imams who collect government paychecks. Proselytizing for religions other than Islam is forbidden. Morocco: Islam is the official state religion, as specified in the constitution. The king of Morocco is officially entitled “Commander of the Faithful and Protector of Islam. ” Secular and religious authority are deeply entwined. For example, only the king’s royal decree can make a fatwa from the   high council of Muslim scholars binding. Judges are trained in sharia law. Violation of various Islamic codes, such as breaking fast during Ramadan, can bring criminal charges. The government forbids proselytizing by   and restricts the distribution of religious materials other than the dominant   school of Sunni Islam. Muslim women are forbidden from marrying   men. Criticism of Islam is punishable by imprisonment, and television stations are required to dedicate a certain amount of time each day to Islamic religious content, including the    call to prayer. Islamic instruction is mandatory in the public schools, although   schools are allowed to skip religious instruction entirely. Over 99 percent of the population of Morocco is Sunni Muslim. Interestingly, the only other religious group given special consideration under Moroccan law is the Jews, a very small minority that resides largely in Casablanca. “There is a separate set of laws and courts with authority over personal status matters for Jews, covering issues such as marriage, inheritance, and other family matters,” the U. S. State Department reports. Jewish schools are uniquely allowed to provide Jewish religious instruction. Pakistan: Pakistan’s formal name is the “Islamic Republic of Pakistan. ” Islam and sharia are written right into the constitution, which begins with the declaration that “sovereignty over the entire Universe belongs to Almighty Allah alone. ” The Pakistani legal code is not completely based on sharia, but Islamists in the country are working very hard to change that. One of the flashpoint cases is the 2011 murder of a provincial governor who defended a Christian woman against Pakistan’s harsh blasphemy laws. Huge demonstrations have been held in support of the killer. Pakistan’s powerful Islamic councils, which technically have only advisory roles to elected representatives, are a constant source of sharia horror stories, such as declaring that it’s “ ” for abused women to leave their husbands, and “light beating” of a wife is acceptable when all else fails. Saudi Arabia: There is no need to spend much time discussing Saudi Arabia, which is among the most oppressive Islamic theocracies in the world. The   chief of the Sharia Department in Indonesia’s Aceh province is correct that his brutal medieval legal system is softer than the Saudi version. Sharia is not just part of the Saudi constitution  —   it is the Saudi constitution. The Saudi religious police do not just beat their victims, they often kill them. Religions other than Islam are absolutely forbidden in the Kingdom. Visitors who do not believe in Islam are forced to obey Islamic law. Conversion from Islam is punishable by death. A January 2015 article in the Washington Post considered the accusation that Saudi Arabia’s implementation of sharia law is not much different from the practices of ISIS, and found the contention difficult to dismiss. Even a bubbly Tom Hanks     comedy about a businessman’s adventures in Saudia Arabia was forced to dance uncomfortably around the reality that his character could have been killed for entering Mecca or Medina. The Gulf States: Saudi Arabia’s allies around the Persian Gulf include Bahrain, Kuwait, Qatar, Oman, and the United Arab Emirates. All of them have constitutions that declare Islam is the official state religion, and sharia is the basis for their legal codes. Foreign visitors to the   capitals of these rich and   Gulf states often learn to their dismay just how serious they are about enforcing sharia law against  . Tunisia: 99 percent Sunni Muslim, Tunisia’s constitution declares it to be an Islamic state, and describes the state as “the guardian of religion. ” The president is constitutionally required to be Muslim. The “free exercise of religious practices” is also stipulated in the 2014 constitution, and it requires places of worship to be politically neutral. However, the government oversees Islamic religious practices, supervises mosques, and pays the salaries of imams. Mosques are considered government property. The national Islamic religious leader, the Grand Mufti, is appointed by the president. Public schools are required to provide an hour of Islamic instruction per week. Much of the civil legal code is based on sharia law. Registered Christian and Jewish houses of worship are allowed to operate. According to the U. S. State Department, the government has provided financial support to the Jewish community, including paying the salary of the Grand Rabbi. The Tunisian government is fighting a political and physical struggle with the radical Islamist party Hizb  . Ominously, there have been polls that show a growing majority of Tunisian citizens reject the principle of religious freedom and oppose marriage between Muslims and  . In Part 3, we’ll complete our examination by looking at Muslim majority countries where Islam is not the official state religion.",0
6107,"After Trump-Clinton, Vice-Presidential Debate Isn’t Exactly ‘the Return of Elvis’ - The New York Times","Psst, there is another debate on Tuesday. No, not between Donald J. Trump and Hillary Clinton. They do not suit back up in their gladiatorial armor until next Sunday. This one is between their running mates, Gov. Mike Pence of Indiana and Senator Tim Kaine of Virginia. Voters may be forgiven for barely knowing of it, or allotting it little space on their mental hard drives, because of the incendiary flashes tossed into the race daily from the top of the tickets, especially by Mr. Trump. The meeting of Mr. Pence, a Republican, and Mr. Kaine, a Democrat, two pensive and   nominees, might be the least anticipated   debate in 40 years. “You’re essentially following   a few days later with a nationally televised book club,” said Tucker Martin, a Republican strategist in Richmond, Va. about an hour from the campus of Longwood University, where the   debate will take place. There are several reasons for the lack of excitement, which could rival previous   debates like Al Gore versus Jack Kemp in 1996. That one drew the fewest television viewers, 26. 6 million, of any matchup since the first   debate in 1976. Neither of this year’s   candidates was a national figure at the time he was selected, unlike many past nominees. Neither has set off a media feeding frenzy like previous nominees such as Geraldine A. Ferraro, the first woman on a major party ticket, in 1984 or Sarah Palin, who became a lightning rod for critics in 2008. Mr. Pence and Mr. Kaine are both white men in their late 50s, with solid governing résumés, but little reputation beyond their home states. They were safe choices picked in part because they would not detract from the top of the ticket. “I am boring,” Mr. Kaine said shortly before being selected. Mr. Pence introduced himself at the Republican National Convention “to those of you who don’t know me, which is most of you. ” Mr. Trump represents a merger of presidential politics and reality show. “Trump has so elevated the interest in any kind of political theater that a debate that doesn’t have a   figure by comparison becomes incredibly less entertaining, sadly,” said Dan Senor, a senior adviser to Representative Paul D. Ryan of Wisconsin in 2012, when Mr. Ryan was Mitt Romney’s running mate. On social media, voters have compared the looming debate to watching “paint dry” and “90 minutes of Kaine and Pence quizzing each other on   trivia. ” Some strategists have said the debate should draw much more attention because Mr. Pence and Mr. Kaine are the understudies for candidates who, if elected, would be the oldest president ever to take office (Mr. Trump) or the second oldest (Mrs. Clinton). Since the conventions in late July, neither Mr. Pence nor Mr. Kaine has returned to the headlines they received when they were selected. Google Trends shows that interest in the two   candidates has flatlined at close to zero. “They’re relatively unknown because they’re more policy wonks,” said Kyle C. Kopko, a   of “The VP Advantage,” a book published this year on the electoral influence of running mates. The epic clash between Mrs. Clinton and Mr. Trump, whom voters on both sides view in near millenarian terms, has diverted attention from the   candidates. “Trump and Clinton are both polarizing figures,” said Joel K. Goldstein, a scholar of the vice presidency at St. Louis University School of Law. “The feeling that this debate may not be viewed as the return of Elvis isn’t necessarily a reflection on the   candidates or the office. ” Since the first presidential debate last Monday, which drew record TV viewership, Mr. Trump has returned to daily criticism of a former Miss Universe, Alicia Machado, for her appearance, keeping alive an issue many Republicans believe is costing him support among Hispanics and women. Questions about Mr. Trump’s temperament have again upstaged any discussion of policy differences between Republicans and Democrats. It is in that circuslike atmosphere that the   candidates will compete for voters’ attention. “  will most likely produce a very substantive and   debate, so it’s a real shame there isn’t more interest,” Mr. Martin, the Republican strategist, said. “But, hey, once you’ve reduced a presidential campaign to just another reality TV show, you reap what you sow. ” Mr. Pence, who is likely to find himself defending Mr. Trump’s derogatory comments about women, would be assuming the role of previous nominees who had to make up for stumbles by their running mates in an earlier debate. In 2012, Vice President Joseph R. Biden Jr. launched a fierce attack on the Republican candidate, Mr. Ryan, to calm Democrats who were in   mode over President Obama’s poor performance in an earlier debate with Mr. Romney. That was also the job of Vice President George Bush in 1984 after President Reagan had a bad first debate against Walter F. Mondale. Mr. Pence will be called on to have “a calming presence on the panic many people have about the idea of Trump as president,” Mr. Senor said. Neither   nominee, each of whom has governed a large state, should have to spend much time assuring viewers of his executive qualifications, as Senator Dan Quayle of Indiana had to do on the Republican ticket in 1988. Polling before and after   debates has shown that they do not have much effect on the overall race. A Gallup analysis before the 2012   found that the median change in polling after the   debates in 1992, 1996, 2000 and 2008 was one percentage point. The 2008 debate between Ms. Palin and Mr. Biden was the most watched ever, seen by nearly 70 million viewers, more than for any of the presidential debates that year. Still, in the immediate aftermath, the Democratic ticket gained only two percentage points, and the Republicans lost one.",0
6108,"ISIS update 10/26/2016..Aircraft Carrier ""Admiral Kuznetsov"" enters Strait Of Gibraltar | Politics","(Before It's News)
Abadi says they enter new phase for liberation of Mosul
“Over 60 civilians killed in US-led air raids on Mosul”
Iraqi forces seize tank, artillery from terrorists
UN says Daesh reportedly executed dozens near Mosul
Battle for Mosul on Wednesday: Battle to Liberate Mosul in Advanced Stage
Military operation by the joint Iraqi forces to liberate the city of Mosul continued on Wednesday and Iraqi Prime Minister Haider al-Abadi said the military campaign has now come to an advanced phase, noting that the performance of the Iraqi army in the war on ISIL has surprised its international partners.
Abadi: Battle to Liberate Mosul Reaches Advanced Stage
Iraqi Prime Minister Haider al-Abadi announced that the Iraqi forces reached an advanced stage in the battle to liberate Mosul, and said the performance of the Iraqi army in the war on ISIL has surprised the international coalition.
“We reached an advanced stage in the battle to liberate the city of Mosul, and our plan is not to evacuate the families from the cities during the liberation operations,” Abadi said during a news conference in Baghdad.
Abadi also pointed out to the continuous cooperation between the security forces and displaced people’s committees, and confirmed that they were able to provide food and fuel for displaced families in the liberated areas.
Iraqi Forces Evacuate 1,000 Civilians from Front Lines
Iraqi Special Forces moved more than 1,000 people from villages near the front lines of the battle to retake the ISIL-held city of Mosul.
The Iraqi Army Special Forces Major General Haider Fadhil said the residents of Tob Zawa and other nearby villages have been taken to a camp in the nearby Khazer region for their safety, Alaraby reported.
The Special Forces began undertaking clean up operations on Wednesday in areas retaken from the militants to the East of the city.
Large Cache of ISIL Weapons Seized near Bashiqa
Iraqi Peshmerga forces said on Wednesday that they have found a tunnel, which is the largest ISIL weapons depot discovered so far in the Bashiqa front.
The tunnel, which has been found in Tiz Khrab Gawra village, contained a large number of weapons, Rudaw reported.
Iraq’s Peshmerga forces on Monday retook complete control of Bashiqa town, 13 km Northeast of Mosul.
Iraqi Army Kicks Off Zawaya Liberation Operation
Iraq’s joint military forces started their military operations to liberate Zawaya region, Commander of Iraq’s Counterterrorism Forces Major General Abdolvahab al-Saedi announced on Wednesday.
“After seizing back Zawaya region, the security forces will continue their military operation to take control of Kokajli district inside the city of Mosul,” al-Saedi said.
ISIL Militants Disguise as Peshmerga, Shave Beard to Flee Mosul
An Iraqi security source revealed that many ISIL militants have begun to wear the Peshmerga forces’ uniforms inside the city of Mosul and have shaved their beards for fear of being targeted as Iraqi joint forces continued their advanced toward the ISIL-held city.
“Many militants of the ISIL terror group have wear the military uniforms of the Peshmerga forces for camouflage and to divert the suspicion from them within the city of Mosul,” a security source said, Badr News reported.
The source added that “Most of the ISIL terrorists have also begun to shave their beards for fear of being targeted”.
Report: ISIL’s Treasury Man, Economic Brain Disappears with Millions of Dollars in Mosul
A top ISIL member in charge of the terrorist group’s financial resources along with a German woman who trained ISIL’s female suicide attackers fled with millions of dollars from the city of Mosul in Nineveh province, media reports said Wednesday.
“ISIL’s financial chief known as Abi Motaz al-Qahtani has disappeared with a German woman who was in charge of training ISIL’s female suicide bombers,” the Arabic-language al-Sumeriya news channel Quote: d a local source as saying on Wednesday.
The source noted that the disappearance of al-Qahtani and the unnamed German woman has been a planned move as they have escaped with important dossiers and millions of dollars in cash.
Iraqi Analyst Discloses Plot to Transfer Al-Baghdadi to Libya
A prominent Iraqi military analyst disclosed that Riyadh and Ankara had hatched plots to transfer ISIL leader Abu Bakr al-Baghdadi from Mosul to Libya but the massive presence of the popular forces and Russian fighter jets at the bordering areas of Iraq and Syria dissuaded them.
“The two countries were working to take al-Baghdadi to Turkey either by moving him through Mosul and Kirkuk to the North or through al-Qa’em and al-Ratba corridor to Deir Ezzur in Syria and then to Turkey to eventually transfer him to Libya,” Safa al-A’asam told Iraq’s al-Ma’louma news agency on Wednesday.
He added that the ISIL concluded that transferring al-Baghdadi through Tal Afar region to Raqqa in Syria is also impossible given the massive presence of Hashd al-Sha’abi (popular forces) in the Southern front near Be’aaj district, Northwest of the Iraqi province of Nineveh as well as the numerous flights done by the Russian fighter jets over the Syrian bordering areas with Iraq.
Russian Military: US Air Force Jet Struck School in Iraq’s Mosul
A US warplane hit a girls’ school in the South of the Iraqi city of Mosul on October 21, the Russian General Staff’s chief said.
“On October 21, a US Air Force plane carried out an airstrike against a girls’ school in the Southern part of the city of Mosul,” said Lt. Gen. Sergei Rudskoi, RIA Novosti reported.
More than 60 civilians died and 200 were wounded because of the US-led coalition’s airstrikes on residential areas in Mosul and its outskirts in the last three days, he said.
ISIL Burns Nine Own Militants Alive in Iraq’s Mosul
The militants of the ISIL terrorist group executed nine of their supporters for duck-out in the Iraqi city of Mosul, media reported on Tuesday.
“ISIL militants executed nine of their militants, who escaped from the confrontation with the security forces in Mosul, throwing them in the trenches full of black oil for burning with hands and feet tied,” a source in Iraq’s security forces said, Al Sumeriya reported.
On October 17, Iraqi Prime Minister Haider Abadi announced the start of a military operation to retake Mosul from the ISIL terror group.
Arab Media: General Soleimani in Mosul Operations Room
Commander of the Quds Force of the Islamic Revolution Guards Corps (IRGC) Major General Qassem Soleimani has arrived in Hashd al-Sha’abi (popular forces) operations room in Mosul to play his advisory role in anti-ISIL campaign in Iraq, Arab media reported on Wednesday.
“Hashd al-Sha’abi will soon start its operations in Western Mosul to cut the ISIL’s supply routes to Syria and defuse the US plots to postpone the popular forces’ participation in the Mosul operations, and General Soleimani has also joined them as a military advisor,” the Arabic-language al-Akhbar said quoting renowned Iraqi figures.
No other source has yet confirmed the report.
Washington is pressuring Iraqi Prime Minister Haider al-Abadi not to allow Hashd al-Sha’abi forces to participate in the Mosul liberation operations.
Spokesman of the Iraqi popular forces Ahmad al-Assadi had confirmed in August that General Soleimani would play a major role in operations to liberate Mosul, stressing that his country is in dire need of Iranian military advisors.
“The presence of Brigadier-General Soleimani in the operations to free Mosul and Nineveh province is necessary and General Soleiman is the greatest advisor that has helped the Iraqi government in the war against the ISIL,” al-Assadi told FNA.
“Hajj Qassem Soleimani is one of the most important military advisors of the Islamic Republic of Iran who is in Iraq at the invitation, demand and agreement of the Iraqi government,” he added.
Stressing that the Iranian advisors are in Iraq at the demand of the Iraqi government and have played a big role in most operations conducted by the popular forces, al-Assadi said, “They provided the Iraqis with strong views and important consultations with respect to their experience and capabilities.”
In relevant remarks in June, Iraqi Foreign Minister Ebrahim al-Jafari underlined that General Soleimani is in Iraq to help the country in campaign against terrorism after receiving Baghdad’s rigid request.
“General Soleimani is in Iraq at the invitation of the Iraqi government to provide military counseling to the Iraqi forces,” the Arabic-language Sumeria news channel Quote: d al-Jafari as saying.
Also in June, Hashd al-Sha’abi Commander Abu Mehdi al-Mohandes underlined that General Soleimani is helping the Iraqi forces in their campaign against terrorism upon a request by the Iraqi government.
“The Iranian advisors, headed by dear brother Qassem Soleimani, have been beside us since the start of war and his presence has happened upon the demand of the Iraqi government and agreement of the Armed Forces’ top commander,” Mohandes said in an interview with Sumeria news channel.
He, meantime, said that the Iraqi nation is able to kick the terrorists out of Iraq with the possibilities in their hands now, adding that Hashd al-Sha’abi doesn’t have any political plan and merely supports the political process.
Aircraft Carrier “Admiral Kuznetsov” Eenters Strait Of Gibraltar
NATO fears Russian battle group to be used against Aleppo civilians
‘Intl community still financing & protecting terrorists’ – Mother Agnes on Syria
“CIA supplying weapons to Daesh, al-Qaeda terrorists”
UK, US training militants to fight Syrian government: Analyst
“Western alliance not after uprooting terrorism”
NATO calls for lasting ceasefire in Syria
NATO Concerned over Al-Nusra and Ahrar al-Sham Casualties
US-led coalition preparing Raqqa assault, says Carter
‘US coalition with Syria & Russia needed to defeat ISIS’ – former Pentagon official
SAA 1st ARMORED DIVISION DESTROYED 4 BATTLE TANKS FROM JABHAT AL NUSRA IN GHOUTA
Combat footage of the SAA’s operations in Western Ghouta
SAA Soldier destroys convoy of militants in West Damascus
Scenes from the Turkish shelling of the liberated villages
Syria in Last 24 Hours: Terrorists Sustain Heavy Losses in Army Offensive in Dara’a Province
The Syrian army attacked the terrorists in Dara’a province, and inflicted heavy losses on them.
The Syrian army killed and wounded scores of terrorists in the Northeastern territories of Dara’a province.
The Syrian army also inflicted heavy losses on the terrorist groups in other key regions across Syria.
Dara’a
Syrian Army’s artillery units shelled heavily a long military column of ISIL’s vehicles and forces on a road to Northeastern Dara’a, inflicting major loss and casualties on the terrorists.
Syrian army artillery units opened heavy fire at a group of ISIL terrorists in al-Badiyeh region as they were heading to al-Lejat region.
The ISIL’s military convoy was on a road connecting North al-Shahib region to Sweida-Damascus highway when it came under the fire of artillery units.
The terrorists suffered a heavy death toll and their vehicles sustained major damage in the attack.
Positions of Fatah al-Sham Front (formerly al-Nusra Front) in Qasr al-Saudi region North of al-Bitar farms towards the town of Tafas also came under attack by the Syrian soldiers.
In the meantime, army troops targeted a Fatah al-Sham in al-Abasiyeh neighborhood, leaving several militants dead.
Homs
The Syrian Army and popular forces continued to beat ISIL terrorists back from two main oil-rich regions in Eastern Homs, establishing a 10-kilometer-deep buffer zone around one of them.
The Syrian ground troops that received strong air support from the Syrian and Russian fighter strikers inflicted major losses on the ISIL terrorists, driving the Takfiri terrorists out of more strategic heights in al-Sha’er oil-rich region.
In the meantime, the army soldiers pushed ISIL back from a terrain near al-Maher oilfield and established a deep buffer zone around the energy field.
Positions of Fatah al-Sham Front in the villages of Deir Foul and al-Za’afaraniyeh and al-Rastasn region in Northern Homs also came under heavy attacks by the Syrian army men.
Syrian military forces also targeted terrorists’ movements in the villages of Rahoum, Mas’adeh, Um al-Rish and Salam al-Sharghiyeh, destroying their bases and military vehicles.
Lattakia
A notorious field commander of Fatah al-Sham Front was killed in heavy fighting with the Syrian Army troops in the mountainous regions in Northern Lattakia.
Abu Yusuf al-Askari and a number of his forces were killed in Syrian army soldiers’ attack on Fatah al-Sham’s positions along a road to the town of Kabani in the Kurds mountain.
Meanwhile, Syrian warplanes targeted bases, artillery and mortar units of the terrorist groups near the towns and villages of Jabal Kanz, Tadin, Kafr Sandou, Kandeh, Marand and Qarfous in Northern Lattakia, inflicting a heavy death toll on the militants.
Aleppo
Syrian Army troops and Air Force struck a large gathering of the terrorist groups in the Northern outskirts of Aleppo city, killing or wounding scores of them and foiling their plan to hit government strongholds, a military source disclosed Tuesday.
“Following sensitive intel received from army agent in the region, the Syrian government forces and fighter jets carried out surprise attacks on terrorists’ concentration centers in Haraytan and al-Malaah regions near Castello road to preempt them and defuse their plan for raiding army positions in the Northern outskirts of Aleppo city,” an army officer told FNA.
“Dozens of militants were killed or wounded in the attack, and now the Castello road is safe and under the army’s full control,” he added.
Elsewhere, a notorious commander of the Turkey-backed terrorist group of Nouralddeen al-Zinki was killed in clashes with the Syrian Army and popular forces in Salahuddin district.
Abu Omar Danial was killed in a heavy fighting with Syrian government forces in Salahuddin district Southwest of Aleppo city.
In the meantime, Syrian government forces captured several building blocks in Salahuddin after hours of non-stop clashes with al-Zinki terrorists.
The Syrian army and popular forces also engaged in fierce clashes with Jeish al-Fatah in the districts of Sheikh Saeed, and al-Ameriyeh, beating them back from more positions.
Syrian army’s artillery and missile units, for their part, continued to shell terrorists’ centers in Housing Project 1070, and the Syrian soldiers are now engaged in an intense battle with terrorists to take back Mouteh, Ahad and al-Mohebah hills near al-Bazo height.
Syrian and Russian fighter jets, for their part, have been bombing terrorists’ gatherings and bases in the town of Khan Touman, Rashedeen region, Ramouseh road, near Housing Project 1070, and the districts of Bostan al-Pasha, Suleiman al-Halabi and Sheikh Saeed.
Damascus
Terrorist groups lost at least 23 rebels as their attack on government positions in Western Ghouta was repelled by the Syrian Army troops and popular forces.
Syrian government forces fended off terrorist groups’ offensive on their strongholds along Khan al-Sheih-Deir al-Khabiyeh road, inflicting 23 casualties on the militants and destroying at least three tanks of the Takfiri groups.
The clashes occurred in al-Diwan neighborhood in the Southwestern countryside of Deir al-Khabiyeh.
In the meantime, the Syrian fighter jets pounded Jeish al-Islam’s centers near the town of al-Reihan in Eastern Damascus.
Hama
Terrorist groups lost at least 23 rebels as their attack on government positions in Western Ghouta was repelled by the Syrian Army troops and popular forces.
Syrian government forces fended off terrorist groups’ offensive on their strongholds along Khan al-Sheih-Deir al-Khabiyeh road, inflicting 23 casualties on the militants and destroying at least three tanks of the Takfiri groups.
The clashes occurred in al-Diwan neighborhood in the Southwestern countryside of Deir al-Khabiyeh.
In the meantime, the Syrian fighter jets pounded Jeish al-Islam’s centers near the town of al-Reihan in Eastern Damascus.
Fatah al-Sham also lost a large number of military vehicles and tanks in the attacks.
The Russian air force also targeted terrorists’ centers on the Eastern side of al-Salamiyah, inflicting major loss and casualties on the militants.
Military sources said that heavy bombardments of the Russian and Syrian fighter jets pave the ground for the government forces to launch fresh operation to take back Souran and Taybat al-Imam.
Farsnews
Hundreds of Syrian Army Special Forces Arrive in Aleppo
Gov’t Forces Continue to Advance against Terrorists in Housing Project 1070 in Aleppo
Syrian Artillery, Air Attacks Preempt Terrorists’ Great Epic Operation in Aleppo
Long Military Convoy of Terrorists Targeted by Syrian Army in Southwestern Damascus
Syrian Gov’t Forces Take Back Three More Regions From Terrorists in Hama
Syrian Army Seizes Militants’ Weapons, Ammunition in Damascus Countryside
Senior Terrorist Commander Killed in Syrian Air Raids in Hama",0
6109,Die Hard 3 Predicts Hillary Clinton To be President,"Hollyjood strikes again ! Quoting: Buck Bundy 73107416 They werent far off. DH3 came out in 1995. 43 was GWB. 44th was Obumbletard. #44 was supposed to be Hitlary, but they knew Obumbletard would cause even more damage so they let him go first. Quoting: Anonymous Coward 73154155 Thats true the more i think more about it = I think they meant because hillary was actually in charge when bill was president - which would make her the 43 rd kinda i guess ? Moulin",0
6110,"Discuss Prostate Screening With Your Doctor, Experts Now Say - The New York Times","Older men should talk to their doctors about the pros and cons of prostate cancer screening and make an individual decision that is right for them, an influential national panel of experts has proposed. The new recommendation, based on new data from a European trial as well as changes in the way men with prostate cancer are treated, modifies an earlier panel guideline from 2012 that advised men to skip prostate cancer screenings altogether. Screening is typically done using a blood test that measures levels of a protein released by the prostate gland called   antigen, or PSA, which may indicate the presence of prostate cancer when elevated. But increased levels can also be caused by less serious medical conditions, like inflammation. The panel, the United States Preventive Services Task Force, continues to recommend that men 70 and older forgo screening altogether. But for men 55 to 69, the panel now says, the   between the potential benefits and harms of screening are too close to call. “This is a major change in the panel’s position, and it’s a big deal,” said Dr. David F. Penson, a professor and chairman of urologic surgery at Vanderbilt University School of Medicine in Nashville, who was not involved in developing the new proposal. Even though the panel’s recommendation is a “qualified” one and has yet to be formally adopted, Dr. Penson said, “We’re going to see a lot more men making the decision to be screened. ” The screening recommendations potentially apply to tens of millions of older American men. PSA testing may be followed up with a biopsy of the prostate, which can detect cancer but also lead to complications like pain, bleeding or infection. Other medical groups are mixed on their recommendations. The American Urological Association recommends shared   between physicians and patients aged 55 to 69, while the American Academy of Family Physicians advises against routine prostate cancer screening. The American Cancer Society recommends starting the conversation between doctor and patient at age 50, and even younger if someone is high risk. Though screening may have been overutilized in the past, Dr. Penson said, screening rates dropped significantly after the panel’s 2012 recommendation, largely because “men weren’t even being told about it. Doctors didn’t bother saying anything to patients because there was a recommendation against it. ” Prostate cancer is one of the most common cancers affecting men. But while it can be aggressive and fatal in some, many men with an indolent form of the disease never experience symptoms and would not even know they had it if not for screening. The change in recommendations was brought about by several developments, including additional   data from a European trial that found a slightly smaller number of deaths as well as fewer cases of cancer spreading among men who were screened, compared with those receiving the usual care, said Dr. Alex Krist, a member of the task force and an associate professor of family medicine and population health at Virginia Commonwealth University. The new results suggest that of every 1, 000 men offered PSA screening, 240 will receive a positive result that may indicate prostate cancer and be referred for a biopsy. Only 100 will get a positive biopsy result showing cancer others who have false positives may still suffer side effects or harm from the biopsy. Of the 100 found to have cancer, 80 will have treatment like surgery and radiation, and 60 will experience complications, even though up to half of those men will have a cancer that never grows, spreads or becomes  . But over the course of 10 to 15 years, three cancers will be prevented from spreading, and one to two deaths of prostate cancer will be prevented. More men who are given diagnoses of   prostate cancer are now undergoing active surveillance, in which they are closely monitored rather than treated with surgery and radiation, and that also played a role in the panel’s decision, Dr. Krist said. “Active surveillance is a way we can reduce some of the harms like overtreatment, and the side effects of overtreatment,” he said. Individual decisions about whether to undergo screening may be influenced by fear of cancer, prior experiences with the medical system or having friends or relatives who were given prostate cancer diagnoses or experienced side effects from treatment. “Men who have more urgent medical issues might see screening as a lower priority,” Dr. Krist added. The draft recommendation statement and the panel’s evidence reviews are posted for public comment on the task force’s cancer website  —   screeningforprostatecancer. org  —   and will be open to public comment through May 8. While some advocates for men with prostate cancer were pleased by the proposed change, they said they were concerned that the recommendation would sow confusion and called for more specific guidelines to help patients make decisions, particularly for those at high risk, including   and those with a family history or symptoms of the disease. There were also critics. Dr. Kenneth Lin, an associate professor of family medicine at Georgetown University Medical Center and a member of an American Academy of Family Physicians committee that will review the task force’s recommendation, said the panel gave more weight to the results of a European trial that found benefits than to an American trial that did not find such benefit. And, he said, a lengthy debate of a screening test’s pros and cons would take away from other discussions at a doctor’s visit that may be more productive. “I don’t feel there is enough evidence to shift the balance in favor of more benefits than harms,” he said, adding that it is hard “to assess who’s going to benefit. ”",0
6111,Rand Paul: Polls Showing Hillary Ahead Are ‘Designed To Suppress Turnout’,"Email 

Wednesday on 800 WVHU radio’s “The Tom Roten Morning Show,” Sen. Rand Paul (R-KY) said polls showing Democratic presidential nominee Hillary Clinton with a lead over Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump were “designed to suppress turnout.” 
Paul said “You know, I think sometimes polling is done to dampen election turnout. So when Trump says the thing’s rigged, I’m not sure exactly what he means and I’m not sure I always agree with him. But I do think that when we say over and over someone can’t win, that is a form of rigging in the sense that it is designed to suppress turnout.” 
He added, “The polls are put out, you know to make it either look closer than it is or to make it look like Democrats have a better chance. And I think it’s done by design to try to dampen turnout.”",0
6112,"Rallying in North Carolina, Donald Trump Formally Introduces James Mattis - The New York Times","FAYETTEVILLE, N. C.  —     Donald J. Trump formally introduced Gen. James N. Mattis as his choice for defense secretary Tuesday night, appearing side by side with him during a   “thank you” rally in this heavily military community, home to the Army Special Operations Command and the 82nd Airborne Division. To a roar in the Crown Coliseum, Mr. Trump called General Mattis “one of the most effective generals that we’ve had in many, many decades” and the living embodiment of the Marine Corps motto, “semper fidelis. ” He vowed that with General Mattis, nicknamed Mad Dog, leading the Pentagon, America would rebuild its military. “Mad Dog plays no games, right?” Mr. Trump asked the cheering crowd. The rally was the second of several large events that Mr. Trump is holding before his inauguration next month. In Cincinnati last week, he reprised the brash and biting tone of his presidential campaign and boasted about his victory over Hillary Clinton. But for North Carolinians hoping to see that performance again, Mr. Trump was more restrained. He followed the teleprompter, recapping the agenda he intends to pursue in office, including repealing the Affordable Care Act, stopping illegal immigration, renegotiating trade deals and bringing jobs back to the country from overseas. He barely lashed out at the news media, as he usually does, but he did brag about winning North Carolina, a state that political pundits had repeatedly predicted would support Mrs. Clinton. The location of the rally  —   a stadium not far from Fort Bragg, a vast military base housing more than 50, 000 personnel  —   gave Mr. Trump an opportunity to emphasize his support for the armed forces and to lavish praise upon General Mattis, whom he has compared favorably to Gen. George S. Patton, the famed World War II officer. For the first 15 minutes of his address, Mr. Trump outlined his approach to foreign policy, saying he would “engage the use of military forces when it’s in the vital national security interests of the United States. ” He promised to make the military stronger than it has ever been, but said that under his leadership, the country would “stop racing to topple foreign regimes that we know nothing about. ” “This destructive cycle of intervention and chaos must finally come to an end,” he said. The   offered few details about how his approach would play out, though he said he would quickly move to eliminate the automatic military spending cuts that Congress and President Obama reluctantly embraced several years ago to control spending and reduce the deficit. He also suggested that the United States would seek to strengthen alliances around the world that help prevent conflicts. “Any nation that shares these goals will be our partner in this mission,” he said. The crowd cheered Mr. Trump when he vowed to improve health care for the nation’s veterans. “It will be the duty of my administration to make sure we protect those who protect us,” he said. Even before he takes office, Mr. Trump, who said once during the campaign that he knew more than the nation’s generals, is seizing the opportunity to assume the mantle of commander in chief. On Saturday, he is planning to attend the annual   football game, a tradition often observed by the sitting occupant of the White House. A spokesman said Mr. Trump, like the presidents before him, would sit in the stands on both sides during the game, which is the annual pinnacle of a fierce rivalry. Mr. Trump began the rally by inviting General Mattis onto the stage, where the general expressed gratitude for the chance to serve again and said he hoped Congress would give him the waiver he needs to be the Pentagon’s civilian leader. He retired from the Marines in 2013, and federal law requires a   waiting period between active duty and serving as defense secretary. “You’ll get that waiver, right?” Mr. Trump said when he came back to the microphone. “If you didn’t get that waiver, there will be such a lot of angry people. ” Republicans in Congress moved on Tuesday to use a stopgap spending bill to pave the way for General Mattis to receive the waiver. The spending measure, which was unveiled Tuesday night and must be approved by Friday to avoid a government shutdown, contains language that would speed up the consideration of legislation granting the waiver early next year. On the same day that Mr. Trump focused on the military in North Carolina, Mr. Obama traveled to Tampa, Fla. where he thanked service members at MacDill Air Force Base and delivered a speech on his administration’s approach to counterterrorism. For Mr. Trump, the visit to Fayetteville was a triumphant return to a state that was critical to his election victory and that the Clinton campaign had thought it could win. While he did not spend much time Tuesday night reliving his win, Mr. Trump could hardly resist going off script to get a few cheers. “We won Ohio. We won Iowa by a massive number, 10 points,” he said. “Then we went down and we won Florida. ‘We have breaking news: Donald Trump wins Florida. Donald Trump wins North Carolina. ’” That brought a roar from the crowd, and Mr. Trump added: “We won so many states. We won 30 states, 32 states. We won so much, and we just kept winning. ” The   is scheduled to keep traveling in the days ahead. He will hold a rally in Des Moines on Thursday and will go to Grand Rapids, Mich. on Friday. More rallies are possible in the coming weeks, officials said. Mr. Trump’s presidential campaign is paying for the rallies, according to a spokesman for the transition. Campaign experts said that was allowed, and that candidates often used campaign funds to pay for events that took place between the election and inauguration.",0
6113,'All About Jesus' shirt sparks school uproar,"'All About Jesus' shirt sparks school uproar Legal action threatened over 'hostility toward religious beliefs' Published: 6 hours ago 
(HOUSTON CHRONICLE) — A Dallas Fort-Worth high school that initially refused to print a religious logo on their sports jersey has changed its mind after receiving a letter threatening legal action from a religious advocacy group. 
At the beginning of the school year, Texas Flower Mound High School was searching for potential sponsors for its competitive bass-fishing team. For a donation of $200, a company would have their logo displayed on the team’s website and jersey for four years. 
In early September, Wess Jones, the owner of a boat repair company called 1st Choice Marine and parent to a member of the high school’s bass-fishing team, responded to the offer. Jones’ company logo, a picture of a boat surrounded by red lettering that read “It’s not about us, it’s all about Jesus,” was rejected by the school.",0
6114,Will FBI Director Comey’s October Surprise Derail Hillary’s White House Bid?,"in: Government , Special Interests (image credit: AP) Having closed his earlier investigation into Hillary’s use of her private email server for classified State Department documents without bringing charges, dismissing indictable evidence, it’s hard imagining a shift of agency policy now. So what’s going on? Is FBI Director Comey trying to save face, even at this late stage, having tarnished the reputation of the agency and himself. The fullness of time will show what he has in mind. He faces intense political pressure from key Democrat senators, demanding immediate answers about why he’s reopening his investigation days before November’s election, an unprecedented act. Senators Patrick Leahy, Dianne Feinstein, Thomas Carper and Ben Cardin wrote Comey, saying: “(N)o later than Monday, 31 October 2016, we request you provide us with more detailed information about the investigative steps being taken, the number of emails involved, and what is being done to determine how many of the emails are duplicative of those already reviewed by the FBI.” They want Attorney General Loretta Lynch explaining her involvement in Comey’s action, if any. The Hillary campaign called for “public answers” to clarify what new information the FBI discovered. After saying that revisiting his decision last July would be unlikely, Comey opted for an October surprise – the likes of which Washington hasn’t seen since the tumultuous end of Nixon’s tenure. Paul Craig Roberts said he’s gotten word “that the FBI has reopened the Hillary case of her violation of US National Security protocols, not because of the content of the new email releases, but because voter support for Trump seems to be overwhelming, while Hillary has cancelled appearances due to inability to muster a crowd. The popular vote leaves the FBI far out on the limb for its corrupt clearance of Hillary. The agency now has to redeem itself.” How remains to be seen. Like Roberts, I’m puzzled. Washington power brokers chose Hillary to succeed Obama. Enormous resources, energy, corporate pollsters consistently showing her ahead, and one-sided scoundrel media support have gone into assuring it. Have things changed days before November 8? Are power brokers abandoning Hillary this late in the game? The last 48 hours have been breathtaking – the stuff Hollywood thrillers are made of. Will Hillary supporters blame Russia for Comey’s action? One Democrat congressman suggested it. Will Comey be accused of being a Kremlin agent? However things unfold in the campaign’s final days, Trump got a significant boost – whether enough for a “master of suspense” Alfred Hitchcock ending remains to be seen. My view, right or wrong, remains the same. After going all-out for Hillary throughout months of campaigning, it’s hard believing power brokers decided otherwise this late in the game – unheard of in US electoral politics. At the same time, this political season has been unlike any I remember since the 1940s. Nothing ahead will surprise me. Submit your review",0
6115,"In Trump Era, Censorship May Start in the Newsroom - The New York Times","This is how the muzzling starts: not with a boot on your neck, but with the fear of one that runs so deep that you muzzle yourself. Maybe it’s the story you decide against doing because it’s liable to provoke a   president to put the power of his office behind his attempt to destroy your reputation by falsely calling your journalism “fake. ” Maybe it’s the line you hold back from your script or your article because it could trigger a federal leak investigation into you and your sources (so, yeah, jail). Or, maybe it’s the commentary you spike because you’re a publicly supported news channel and you worry it will cost your station its federal financing. In that last case, your fear would be existential  —   a matter of your very survival  —   and your motivation to   could prove overwhelming. We no longer have to imagine it. We got a   example last week in San Antonio, where a PBS station sat atop the slippery slope toward censorship and then promptly started down it. It’s a single television station in a single state in a very big country. And the right thing ultimately happened. But only after a very wrong thing happened. The editorial misfire bears retelling because it showed the most likely way that the new administration’s attempts to shut down the free press could succeed, just as it shows how those attempts can be stopped. The story began with a Jan. 24 speech that Representative Lamar Smith, Republican of Texas, gave on the House floor regarding what he described as the unfair way the national media was covering President Trump. He said for instance that the media ignored highs in consumer confidence, which of course it did not. And he ended with an admonition for his constituents: “Better to get your news directly from the president. In fact, it might be the only way to get the unvarnished truth. ” His remarks caught the notice, and the ire, of a longtime San   journalist and commentator, Rick Casey, who hosts a weekly public affairs program “Texas Week” on KLRN. He ends each week’s show with his own commentary, which also runs in The San Antonio  . Mr. Casey has been able to work for “40 years as a professional smart ass,” he told me, because “I’m not really a bomb thrower  —   I’ve watched politicians for so many years that I know how to be strong about something without being unfriendly. ” But Mr. Smith’s comments bothered him enough that he wrote up a stemwinder of a closing commentary. “Smith’s proposal is quite innovative for America,” it went. “We’ve never really tried getting all our news from our top elected official. It has been tried elsewhere, however. North Korea comes to mind. ” All set to go, the commentary was mentioned in a Facebook promotion for the show, which in turn caught the eye of Mr. Smith’s office, which called the station to inquire about the segment. Forty minutes before the show aired, the station’s president and chief executive, Arthur Rojas Emerson, left a message for Mr. Casey saying he was pulling the commentary and replacing it with an older one. Mr. Casey told me he missed the call, but saw what happened with his own eyes. At a meeting the next Monday, Mr. Casey said, Mr. Emerson expressed concern “that the Corporation for Public Broadcasting was under attack and that this would add to it. ” The Corporation for Public Broadcasting provides financing for public stations, including KLRN, and Mr. Trump’s election has heightened fears that its financing will be cut. It also happens that Mr. Emerson had left journalism for several years to run his own advertising firm and that Mr. Smith had at one point been a client. Mr. Casey says he asked Mr. Emerson if he’d be willing to come on the program and discuss it all, but Mr. Emerson declined. And that seemed to be that. But as we’re learning this year, journalism has a safety net in the people who appreciate it, and the people who work in it. First, when Mr. Casey’s commentary ran as planned in The San Antonio   astute readers noticed it was different than the previous night’s televised commentary. The story of what happened began traveling around San Antonio journalism circles, making its way to the   columnist Gilbert Garcia, who shared the details last Friday.  Another titan of Texas journalism, Evan Smith, who   The Texas Tribune and regularly appears on Mr. Casey’s program, noticed Mr. Garcia’s column while he was in Washington. “I had a hot coffee in my hand and I came very close to dropping it,” Mr. Smith told me. “Holding people accountable in public life is so fundamentally important that this idea that somehow we’re going to stop doing that because we’re worried about what the government’s going to do to us, I so unbelievably reject that. ” As it happened, Evan Smith was in Washington for a meeting of the PBS national board, on which he sits, and “I certainly got into the board room and talked to people in the system. ” He also called Mr. Emerson, and told him “I didn’t see why The Tribune or I should continue to be associated with this show or this station. ” By late last week, Mr. Emerson had agreed to let Mr. Casey’s original segment run this Friday, as long as it included a new “commentary” label that will run with his opinion segments. When I caught up with Mr. Emerson this week he acknowledged making “a mistake” that should not tarnish a career spent mostly in broadcast news, starting in a $1.   job as a cameraman. “I had to make a decision in what was about 20 minutes,” he said. He acknowledged that “clearly we always worry about funding for public television,” but said that wasn’t the “principal reason” for his decision to hold back the commentary. “We have to protect the neutrality of the station  —   somebody could have looked at it as slander,” he said. The “commentary” label, he said, would take care of it. Mr. Casey is satisfied with the result. But he acknowledged that it was a close call and that he was uniquely qualified to push back in a way others might not be. “I’m lucky to be in the position of being 70 years old, and not in the position of being 45,” he said, meaning that job security was not the same issue. “There’s no level of heroism here. ” In a week in which Congress is calling for a leak investigation into stories in The Washington Post, The New York Times and CNN that led to Michael T. Flynn’s forced resignation as national security adviser, heroism is what’s called for. Hopefully there’s enough of it to go around.",0
6116,The People Who Live On This Island Will Kill Anyone Who Tries To Come Ashore,"North Sentinel Island, located in the Bay of Bengal, between Myanmar and Indonesia, is home to an isolated tribe that has never been colonized or even made contact with. These people are one of the last Stone Age tribes on Earth whose culture has been completely untouched by modern civilization. 
Via theusualroutine 

Read more: Man Arranges Leaves, Sticks, And Stones To Create Magical Land Artworks 

Despite the fact that the island formally belongs to India, no one dares to visit it and approach the Sentinelese tribe. The reason is their extreme violence and hostility – anyone who has ever tried to come ashore the island was attacked or even killed.
Contacts with the Sentinelese tribe In 1896, a Hindu convict escaped from the prison but had a bad luck to ground on North Sentinel on a makeshift raft. As a result, his body was found a few days later on a beach, perforated by arrows and with the throat cut.
On August 2, 1981, when the ship Primrose ran aground on the North Sentinel Island reef, the crew noticed men on the beach who were carrying arrows and spears. The captain tried to use radio communication to ask for help, but did not receive it. Fortunately, the crew was lucky enough to be kept away from the island by the troubled waters and rescued by helicopter a few days later.
The Daily Mail: “Survival International reported late last year that it had received reports that fishermen are targeting the area, with seven men being apprehended by the Indian Coast Guard.
One of the fishermen reportedly stepped foot on the island in close proximity to the tribe’s members, and he managed to leave unscathed.
Survival International, which advocates for tribal peoples’ rights, describes the Sentinelese as ‘the most vulnerable society on the planet’ as they are likely to have no immunity to common diseases such as flu and measles.
Due to their complete isolation, the chances of them being wiped out by an epidemic are very high, according to the organization.”

After the catastrophic Indian Ocean earthquake of 2004, the Indian government sent a helicopter to check on the Sentinelese tribe. It’s curious that the North Sentinel Island and its inhabitants were almost unaffected while some nearby islands suffered heavy damage.
When the helicopter hovered over a group of tribesmen, they were throwing stones and shooting arrows at it.



On January 26, 2006 , two men were killed when fishing illegally in the area. A coastguard helicopter tried to retrieve their bodies but was unable to land because of a shower of arrows from the locals.
What else is known about the Sentinelese tribe The Sentinelese are believed to have lived on the island for 60,000 years! After this unthinkable period of time in isolation, it’s no surprise that they are so hostile to outsiders, which may be due to past conflicts with the outside world. In order to protect the Tribe and prevent unnecessary violence, the Indian government has also made it illegal to approach it closer than three miles.
Due to the inability to study the tribe and the island, we don’t know much about them. It is estimated that the tribe counts between 50 and 400 members and lives exclusively by hunting and gathering. Though it is difficult to observe the island from the air because of the dense tree cover, it is established that the Sentinelese are not familiar with agriculture.
Their drive to protect their culture from the outside world is probably the reason they have survived in isolation for so many years. Who knows how long they will manage to live in the middle of the ocean without having the slightest interest in the “civilized” rest of the world. And perhaps being without contact with us is a good thing.
",0
6117,Ted Cruz at CPAC Creates Buzz of Next SCOTUS Pick - Breitbart,"OXON HILL, Md. —  Calling Sen. Ted Cruz ( ) “one of the leading constitutionalists” in America, conservative giant Mark Levin engaged the prominent Texan senator at CPAC on Thursday in a   conversation covering the Constitution, immigration, and the Second Amendment. Many   are wondering if Cruz might be President Trump’s next pick for the Supreme Court. [“Let me ask you about the courts,” Levin said early through the interview, asking Cruz about the recent decision from the U. S. Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit against Trump’s executive order restricting foreigners from seven   nations from entering the United States.  “You look at judicial activism,” Cruz began, unloading on the San   appeals court. “They don’t even cite the controlling federal law!” he exclaimed, noting that Congress in 8 U. S. C. § 1182( f) explicitly delegated to the president the power to do precisely what Trump did in issuing Executive Order 13, 769. Cruz also tackled the Second Amendment, blasting a decision this week from the U. S. Court of Appeals for the Fourth Circuit, which held that firearms useful in military conflicts are not protected by the Second Amendment. “It is nuts!” the senator declared. “If we were living back in 1789, your musket would be really useful for military conflict,” yet muskets are clearly protected as part of the right to bear arms. He explained that the Second Amendment is “about protecting your home, and your family, and your life,” and that any firearms that could achieve that purpose could also be used in a military setting. But, he continued, this appeals court —  which is now dominated by liberal   judges —  have excluded all such firearms from constitutional protection. “So apparently the Second Amendment protects ” Cruz added sarcastically, saying that if someone breaks into your home, the owner can make sure the intruder is clean while he’s robbing the house. Later the conversation shifted to Jeff Sessions becoming the nation’s top law enforcement officer as attorney general. “Let me just say that again: ‘Attorney General Jeff Sessions,’” Cruz said, to the laughter and applause of the crowd. “I just like to make Chuck Schumer twitch,” he quipped. “The Democrats right now are living in an alternative universe,” he went on, discussing Democratic reactions to Sessions and various other presidential appointments. He pointed out that Democrats have no one to blame but themselves. Focusing again on the former Alabama senator, Cruz kept the applause coming with, “Let me, on behalf of CPAC, thank Harry Reid  …     Harry Reid, that you for Attorney General Jeff Sessions,” singling out other Cabinet officials for praise as well. Cruz also promised that, one way or the other, Senate Republicans would also get Judge Neil Gorsuch confirmed to the Supreme Court. After Gorsuch is confirmed, there’s already buzz about who conservatives want to see as the next nominee to the High Court. Experts expect two more vacancies, likely for Justices Anthony Kennedy and Ruth Bader Ginsburg, during Trump’s current   presidential term. When talking with top conservative leaders at CPAC, two names keep popping up, neither of whom is a judge. One is former U. S. Solicitor General Paul Clement. The other is Sen. Ted Cruz. Ken Klukowski is senior legal editor for Breitbart News. Follow him on Twitter @kenklukowski.",0
6118,Donald Trump Mocks ’Resist’ Democrats at Obamacare Meeting with Senate Republicans,"President Donald Trump met with Republican senators for lunch at the White House to discuss progress on the bill to replace Obamacare, using the occasion to highlight the failures of former President Barack Obama’s signature healthcare plan and the obstruction of Democrats. [“Obamacare has been broken, and it’s been a broken promise,” Trump said to the press, pointing to the “lies” by Democrats that Americans could keep their doctor and their plan and would experience lower premiums. He cited the Obamacare’s leading to skyrocketing premiums in multiple states, many over 100 percent increases.  Trump did not go into detail about what the Senate Republican bill would include, but he said it would be “phenomenal” and “generous, kind, with heart. ” The Democrats, Trump said, were “obstructionists,” whom he said would never support Republican efforts to fix health care. “Even their new motto  —   ‘Resist’  —   I guess it’s a pretty accurate motto. Every time I see it, I say, ‘That’s right. That does represent the Democrats,’” he said. The president said he had “great respect” for the Senate Republicans who attended the lunch: Senator Rob Portman ( )Senator John Thune ( )Senator Pat Toomey ( )Senator Mike Lee ( )Senator Ted Cruz ( )Senator Lamar Alexander ( )Senator John Barrasso ( )Senator Cory Gardner ( )Senator Tom Cotton ( )Senator Lisa Murkowski ( )Senator Susan Collins ( )Senator Joni Ernst ( )Senator Orrin Hatch ( ) “I’ve gotten to know and love some of them and know and like others,” he said as the senators laughed. When asked about the timing of the Republican Senate healthcare bill, Trump replied, “As soon as we can do it. ” The president is expected to meet with families experiencing the failed promises of Obamacare during a trip to Wisconsin Tuesday.",0
6119,Putins Army is coming for World war 3 against Obama year 2016!!! New Video!!! Kopya, ,0
6120,FEMA Opens Loan Window As Red Cross Tries To Shut Down Shelters,"Natural Blaze 
As the floodwaters receded from Nichols, South Carolina and the surrounding areas, many residents made the emotional journey home to assess what little they had left, a good portion of those people discovering that they had absolutely nothing. Having spent the last several weeks in a shelter operated out of the National Guard Armory in neighboring Mullins (some of those at the shelter are from Mullins also), the shelter residents have been anxious to return home or, at the very least, to return to a home at all. 
After the cleanup has begun and the issue morphed into getting the victims out the shelters, many people thought that the cavalry finally arrived when FEMA announced it was coming to town to “assess” the damages and the need of the community for aid. Unfortunately for those who don’t fully understand the nature of such organizations, FEMA has been anything but a cavalry. 
In fact, despite an annual budget of nearly $14 billion a year , FEMA has done virtually nothing other than “assess” damages. The agency did not come with water, sandbags, food, blankets or anything else necessary for flood victims. All it brought was an expensive van and lots of paperwork. 
So what does FEMA actually do besides assess? And why on earth would it need $14 billion to assess anything? The answer? Besides creating the blueprint to use a natural disaster, military conflict, economic collapse, and social unrest as justification to set up domestic internment camps alongside the Department of Homeland Security, FEMA acts as a facilitator for loans and “loan assistance” to victims who have lost their homes and their livelihood. Instead of providing “trailers” (preferably free of toxic chemicals) to victims, FEMA is instead focused on providing “low interest” loans through the Small Business Administration . 
While no one is arguing that loan assistance program is the problem, many would rightly wonder why, if this is all FEMA will do in an actual emergency, is there an annual budget of $14 billion? 
For many people, FEMA is just another in a long line of useless and overrated organizations reaping the benefits of the disaster relief industrial complex. The Red Cross, for instance, is notorious for sucking up large sums of money and disappearing, leaving only a fragile house or two behind them to prove that they did, technically speaking, build homes for disaster victims . In Mullins, for instance, where the organization ran the shelter for the Hurricane Matthews victims, the Red Cross was seen as a hindrance as much as it was a help. While the organization’s help in running the shelter was appreciated, it was reported by an overwhelming numbers of people in the Mullins area who attempted to bring food and supplies to the victims that the Red Cross rudely refused their assistance. In fact any and all hot food brought by members of the community was actually turned away. Likewise, supplies donated by citizens and people of the surrounding areas were taken in but not actually distributed, instead being shipped to other locations. The Red Cross, in Mullins, actively prevented the community from coming to aid their friends and neighbors. 
Predictably, after the media cameras were gone and the words “Hurricane Matthew” fell from the headlines, the Red Cross decided to close the last remaining shelter, which was still housing over 80 people at the time. The shelter victims were given only a matter of a few days prior knowledge that they were about to be homeless in the traditional manner, i.e., that they would soon be sleeping on the street. Oh, and they were directed to FEMA to apply for their low interest loans. 
As is typical with the Red Cross and many organizations like it, when the glory of being the “selfless” disaster relief organization faded, so did its interest in the people it was allegedly there to assist. 
As WPDE TV 15 reported , 
After Hurricane Matthew, the Red Cross opened 95 shelters statewide and 24 in our area. Now, there is only one left open, the National Guard Armory in Mullins. 
As of Monday night, this shelter still has more than 70 people staying there. However, they plan on closing it Thursday at 3 p.m. 
All the people staying at the shelter were evacuated from Nichols after the Little Pee Dee River and Lumber River flooded the town. 
“We don’t have a home to go to. That’s what I’m telling Red Cross. What are you all going to do with us when you close Thursday? We have a shelter full of people that they don’t have a home,” said Margaret Tart, who’s staying at the shelter and lived in Nichols. She continued. “How can you close a shelter and put us out?” 
After outcry from citizens in Mullins and the subsequent negative attention in the local press, however, the Red Cross reversed its decision to close the shelters. WPDE reported the next day , 
About 70 people were still staying there as of Monday night and all had been evacuated from Nichols after the Little Pee Dee River and Lumber River flooded the town. 
Shelter officials were planning to close it as of 3 p.m. on Thursday, but Palm said that decision has changed. 
“We reached an accommodation with our partners and they decided…that they could keep the shelter open as long as was needed there,” he said. 
The disaster response from the Red Cross and FEMA should serve as a lesson not only to Marion County citizens but to every single American. When disaster strikes, you cannot depend on multi-million dollar “relief” organizations nor can you depend upon FEMA or any other government agency. While we argue that FEMA should be redirected to act as what it was allegedly created to be-a crisis management organization that provides material and logistical support to relief, rescue, and rebuilding operations. 
In the meantime and, unfortunately, in the real world, communities must accept the fact that they are on their own when it comes to disasters. Stronger connections within the community must be built and maintained and the people of both rural and urban areas must begin to make plans and preparations to act for themselves and their neighbors when outside agencies and organizations are not there for them. 
But back to that giant FEMA budget . . . .",0
6121,"One Nation, Under Fox: 18 Hours With a Network That Shapes America - The New York Times","“I know maybe the president is watching. ” So said Brian Kilmeade,   of “Fox and Friends,” on Thursday morning’s show. It was no mere boast, since President Trump has publicly stated his affection for the show and for Fox News, the channel on which it airs. If Mr. Trump was indeed tuning in, he was far from alone. Fox News has been the most watched cable news network for 15 years, but depending on the hour, the news narrative it presents to its large and loyal conservative audience can sharply diverge from what consumers of other media outlets may be seeing. We watched Fox News from 6 a. m. until midnight on Thursday to see how its coverage varied from that of its rivals on a day when cable news was dominated by the health care debate in Congress, the terrorist attack in London and the investigation into Russian interference in the presidential election. One notable way Fox News stood apart from its competition, as it has been known to do for years, was in the stories it chose to highlight and the tone  —   in some of its opinion shows, unapologetically supportive of Mr. Trump and his agenda  —   with which it covered them. There was extensive coverage of the health care vote, for example, but there was also considerable time given to topics, like a rape case in Maryland, that viewers would not have heard about if they had turned to CNN or MSNBC. The rape case, which involved an undocumented immigrant and went virtually uncovered on most networks, received almost hourly updates on Fox, and at times was used as proof that Mr. Trump’s calls for tighter borders and a crackdown on immigration were justified. During coverage of the London terrorist attack, in a break from the rather muted coverage on CNN, “Fox and Friends” veered into discussing the faith of the “Muslim mayor” of London. A morning news show noted that most British police officers did not carry guns (a fact that a guest labeled “lunacy”) and considered how the attack represented the broader terrorist threat. And while other networks were devoting time to the apology made by Representative Devin Nunes of California, the Republican chairman of the House committee investigating Russian interference in the election, for not sharing information about intelligence with the committee’s top Democrat before giving it to Mr. Trump, Fox was touting a report about “potential” evidence that Mr. Trump’s team may indeed have been surveilled by the Obama administration. It was presented as vindication of Mr. Trump’s earlier assertions that his phones had been wiretapped. Still, while people who do not watch Fox News may think it presents a uniform voice from morning to night, the network’s content varies plenty. It offers a heavy dose of opinionated fare  —   “Fox and Friends” and its entire   lineup  —   and has something closer to a more traditional news format for much of the afternoon. And just like any cable news network, when news breaks, it can find itself scrambling. With all that in mind, if you weren’t watching Fox News on Thursday, this is how the news played out through its distinctive lens. _________ It promised to be an eventful day in Washington, with the debate over the health care bill providing the twists, turns and   negotiations that cable news channels love. But when “Fox and Friends” began at 6 a. m. the   Ainsley Earhardt was holding up the gruesome front page of The New York Post. “Anguish, terror strikes in the shadow of Big Ben,” she said, reading the paper’s headline, as the camera zoomed in on a photograph of a bloodied victim. “It’s like she’s looking at us,” added Mr. Kilmeade of the cover photo. The crew of “Fox and Friends” spent a large chunk of the morning focusing on the London terrorist attack, and updates on the situation kept coming through the morning on the shows “America’s Newsroom” and “Happening Now. ” Many of these updates came with an underlying message: that the world can be a dark and often dangerous place, and that it is under the threat of “radical Islamic terror,” as was said with emphasis on “Fox and Friends. ” (That phrase is one that Mr. Trump proudly and frequently uses.) The message of fear would resonate throughout the day, in the London coverage and later in segments on the Maryland rape case. “Police say the attacker was   but many say this attack highlights the importance of properly vetting immigrants and refugees,” said Ed Henry, a substitute host on “America’s Newsroom. ” Mr. Henry later said to a panel of guests, “It seems to me that it’s harder and harder for Democrats to say that the travel ban doesn’t make sense. ” On “Happening Now,” an interview with Danny Coulson, a former deputy assistant director at the F. B. I. centered on the “lunacy” of not equipping police officers with guns, words that echoed Mr. Trump’s comments about security guards after the nightclub shooting in Orlando, Fla. Mr. Kilmeade repeatedly turned his focus to London’s “Muslim mayor,” Sadiq Khan, calling on him to discuss the difference between his faith and that of the attacker. “Fox and Friends” also spent time on comments that Mr. Khan made in 2016 about how terrorism preparedness was “part and parcel” of living in a big city. After the attack this week, Donald Trump Jr. wrote a Twitter post about Mr. Khan’s comments and was roundly criticized for taking them out of context. “Fox and Friends” did not note that. _________ As the day progressed, more time was given to covering the health care bill. The 6 p. m. and 11 p. m. editions of the news show “Special Report,” hosted by Bret Baier, along with “The O’Reilly Factor” and “Hannity,” spent significant portions of their broadcasts discussing the bill and its fate. But with the bill in trouble, there were several conspicuous stretches when health care, seemingly the top news story of the day, disappeared from the Fox News airwaves. The vote on the bill, which had been scheduled for Thursday, was postponed around 3:30 p. m. Still, it took Tucker Carlson, whose show comes on at 9 p. m. 45 minutes to address it. On Fox News’s 7 p. m. show, “The First 100 Days,” which is supposed to focus on, well, the president’s first 100 days, the bill barely registered 10 minutes of airtime. The panel of the 5 p. m.   show “The Five” discussed the bill and the vote in the program’s first 10 minutes before moving on to topics like surveillance, the London attack and a segment on Mayor Bill de Blasio of New York. (One panelist, Kimberly Guilfoyle, complained that “all the garbage isn’t collected” in her neighborhood.) Mr. Carlson’s attention was on immigration, and his guest, Ann Coulter, opined that Mr. Trump should focus on immigration and a border wall. It wasn’t the first time the wall was mentioned. “America’s Newsroom,” Fox’s midmorning show, devoted an entire segment to the wall Mr. Trump says will be built along the Mexican border. The coverage featured graphics, talk about how companies would bid for the chance to build the wall and a discussion about potential requirements for the structure, like “withstand assault,” “unclimbable” and “aesthetically pleasing on the U. S. side. ” _________ “Since other networks are determined to ignore it, we open tonight with more coverage of the horrific alleged rape in Rockville, Maryland,” Mr. Carlson said at the start of his show. All week, Fox News had been covering a story of a    Maryland girl who said she had been raped by two of her high school classmates, one of whom is an undocumented immigrant. The way the story was discussed throughout the day on the network was not unlike a Trump campaign speech: criticism of the mainstream media, accusing it of having a liberal agenda that prioritizes identity politics over safety proclamations that sanctuary cities and states are rife with danger from illegal immigration mentions of Kathryn Steinle, the woman killed by an undocumented immigrant in San Francisco in 2015 who was often invoked on the campaign trail by Mr. Trump, Senator Ted Cruz of Texas and other conservatives and descriptions of a border so porous that there are “waves of unaccompanied children coming across. ” The Maryland case was a topic on Fox News from the morning to almost midnight. The coverage was also laced with critical comments aimed at other networks for not giving the case enough attention. “In my mind, they’re telling our little girls that this little girl’s life doesn’t matter as much as these illegal immigrants’ lives matter because they don’t want to spread a negative story,” Ms. Earhardt, referring to other news outlets, said on “Fox and Friends. ” (Howard Kurtz, the network’s media analyst, said that Fox’s   shows had dedicated more than 53 minutes of attention to the case  —   and that rival morning shows and evening newscasts had virtually ignored it.) The “Fox and Friends”   Steve Doocy introduced a segment on the case by saying: “Where’s the mainstream media’s outrage? Hmm, we couldn’t find it. ” On “The Five,” the panelist Greg Gutfeld said the case wasn’t being covered sufficiently because it didn’t fit the media’s “liberal feminist narrative. ” Ms. Guilfoyle deemed it a “shameful blackout. ” A guest on “America’s Newsroom,” Ed Martin, bluntly stated that “they’re raping and killing our people, and that’s what Trump won on. ” _________ Even as Fox latched on to stories on Thursday that were not being emphasized on other networks, its afternoon hours hewed closer to traditional news coverage. For instance, Fox showed all 50 minutes of Sean Spicer’s White House press briefing, just as CNN and MSNBC did. And when Fox’s 3 p. m. anchor, Shepard Smith, came on, skepticism of the president ramped up. Mr. Smith has an evenhanded reputation that sets him somewhat apart from his colleagues in the minds of some, but the unpopularity of the health care bill was mentioned throughout the afternoon. During Fox’s 2 p. m. hour, a National Journal editor, Josh Kraushaar, said that Mr. Trump’s brand would be “undermined somewhat” if he could not get the votes for the bill. On Neil Cavuto’s 4 p. m. slot, after the vote had been postponed, The Post’s Daniel Halper said that Mr. Trump’s low approval ratings gave him “a lot less leeway” with members of the House. Mr. Smith called Mr. Trump’s claim that he had been wiretapped by the Obama administration “unfounded. ” He even asked a guest, “Is there a longtime danger from this that maybe his followers don’t understand or haven’t thought about?” While Mr. Smith was on the air, the House decided to delay its vote on the health care bill until Friday, prompting Mr. Smith to say, “For this to go down in flames, according to analysts on both sides of the political aisle, would be very bad for this White House. ” _________ The ability of different Fox News programs to lurch between news and opinion was demonstrated clearly when it came to Representative Duncan Hunter, Republican of California. On “Special Report,” Mr. Baier said that Mr. Hunter was under investigation by the Justice Department for misspending campaign funds. Less than two hours later, Mr. Hunter, along with Representative Chris Collins, Republican of New York, appeared live on “The O’Reilly Factor” to discuss the health care bill. Mr. Hunter argued that the bill would “save America. ” Eric Bolling, who was filling in for the host, Bill O’Reilly, did not raise the investigation with the congressman. _________ While the London attack, the Maryland rape case and critiques of the media moved to the fore during certain stretches, an implicit defense of Mr. Trump was also a consistent theme. Mr. Cavuto dinged the media for being too harsh on Mr. Trump. “If you want to be liked by the media, you better be like the media, which means these days you better not like Donald Trump,” Mr. Cavuto said, noting that the president had boycotted his show. He added of the media, “I’m not saying it’s time to get over Trump  —   I’m saying it’s time to get over yourselves. ” And even though Mr. Trump’s first push for major legislation was in peril by the end of Thursday night, the mantra from numerous Fox hosts and analysts was: Don’t blame him. Mr. Hannity started his 10 p. m. show by denouncing Republicans in the House, saying they were “ill prepared for this moment to lead, and now they failed the president. ” The Fox Business Network host Lou Dobbs appeared on the show and specifically called out Speaker Paul D. Ryan for proving “he’s not a leader. ” (That sentiment was not particular to Fox. Lawrence O’Donnell opened his 10 p. m. show on MSNBC by saying that Mr. Ryan had “failed his first big test as speaker. ”) Earlier in the day, Mr. Bolling  —   who appeared on “The Five” before filling in on “The O’Reilly Factor”  —   said of the bill’s troubles, “Make no mistake, this is on Paul Ryan, not Donald Trump. ” Ms. Guilfoyle echoed that, saying, “It certainly won’t be because of a lack of effort from President Trump. ” Earlier, on “America’s Newsroom,” Mr. Henry was quick to draw a comparison with Mr. Trump’s predecessor. “The criticism of Barack Obama, for so long, he wouldn’t get his hands dirty, didn’t like dealing with Congress  —   this president is getting his hands dirty,” Mr. Henry said. While some other networks were at the center of controversy last year for hiring some people with very close ties to Mr. Trump, Fox News remains the home for his defenders. A list of the guests who appeared on the network on Thursday includes Mr. Spicer, Jerry Falwell Jr. the former Arkansas governor Mike Huckabee and the British   politician Nigel Farage. Mr. Huckabee and Charlie Gasparino of Fox Business Network both said they would be perfectly pleased if Mr. Trump turned to tax cuts and moved past health care. As Mr. Trump weathered the fallout from his claim that he was wiretapped by Mr. Obama, numerous guests discussed recent unverified reports that some members of Mr. Trump’s team were surveilled by the Obama administration. Mr. Farage appeared on “Fox and Friends” to heap praise on the president after the reports, made public by Mr. Nunes. “For Donald Trump to use a term like ‘somewhat vindicated’ is mastery of understatement, isn’t it?” Mr. Farage said. “I should think he’s pleased that he has been proved to be right. ” Mr. Kilmeade later said that this was not the first time the president had been vindicated after making a comment that others criticized. “Sweden, same thing,” Mr. Kilmeade said, referring to Mr. Trump’s comment that immigrants were causing crime in Sweden, something even Mr. Trump himself later clarified. “What’s going on with Sweden? Nothing’s going on with Sweden?” Mr. Kilmeade said. “A week later, there are riots and people are talking about what’s actually going on in some of those ghetto areas. So those are areas on which he spoke out, and he ended up being proven right here. ” Throughout the afternoon, a countdown clock previewing Mr. Carlson’s show made a promise: “Trump Team Surveillance EXPOSED. ” Nothing of the sort came up on the 9 p. m. show for the first 30 minutes, but Mr. Carlson, along with Mr. Hannity and other hosts, mentioned a report by the Fox correspondent James Rosen that a potential “smoking gun” could be coming. As the night wore down, and in the aftermath of the delayed health care vote, Mr. Hannity turned his attention fully to this latest topic. He even went so far as to ask a guest on his show whether this could “make Watergate look like kindergarten. ” To find that out, you would have to tune in again.",0
6122,"Donald Trump to Reshape Image, New Campaign Chief Tells G.O.P. - The New York Times","HOLLYWOOD, Fla.  —   Donald J. Trump’s newly installed campaign chief sought to assure members of the Republican National Committee on Thursday night that Mr. Trump recognized the need to reshape his persona and that his campaign would begin working with the political establishment that he has scorned to great effect. Addressing about 100 committee members at the spring meeting here, many of them deeply skeptical about Mr. Trump’s candidacy, the campaign chief, Paul Manafort, bluntly suggested the candidate’s incendiary style amounted to an act. “That’s what’s important for you to understand: That he gets it, and that the part he’s been playing is evolving,” Mr. Manafort said, suggesting that Mr. Trump was about to begin a more professional phase of his campaign. “The negatives are going to come down, the image is going to change, but Clinton is still going to be crooked Hillary,” he added. Mr. Manafort’s comments, which included a PowerPoint presentation, came during a   reception at the beachside hotel resort here. They were made behind closed doors, which were guarded by security. But a person in attendance taped the speech and shared the recording with The New York Times. Mr. Manafort, a longtime Republican strategist and lobbyist who in recent weeks has taken over control of much of the organization from Mr. Trump’s campaign manager, offered an olive branch to the party officials at the start of his remarks. “Is Donald Trump running against the Republican National Committee?” asked Mr. Manafort, referring to the candidate’s unrelenting assault on what he calls the “crooked” nominating process. “The answer is he is not. ” But Mr. Manafort went further than simply placating committee members: He also openly said that Mr. Trump wanted to coordinate with the very forces he has spent much of his campaign attacking. “He gave us the mandate to bring together a team of professionals that could finish the job for him, but could also then begin to link in with the establishment institutions that are part of our party, what you represent, what the state parties represent,” he said, also alluding to think tanks and members of Congress. “We’ve started all those conversations,” said Manafort, adding of Mr. Trump, “He cares about the united team. ” The remarks suggest Mr. Trump is conducting something of an   campaign simultaneously, railing against what he calls a “corrupt” process in public to win over   Republicans while sending Mr. Manafort to assure party stalwarts of his true intentions. Mr. Manafort largely ignored Senator Ted Cruz of Texas, Mr. Trump’s most formidable remaining Republican opponent, alluding to him only to echo remarks he made earlier this week about how a contested convention might leave the party fractured. Mr. Manafort said he agreed with Mr. Cruz. “I don’t want a fractured convention, we want this thing to bed early,” he said, adding, “We don’t want to be in Cleveland fighting for a nomination that’s already been decided. ” As for Mr. Trump’s continual attacks on the nomination process, Mr. Manafort said he was largely focused on “transparency” and had no genuine desire to undermine the   rules. “He is winning he’s not interested in changing the rules,” he said. Mr. Manafort acknowledged Mr. Trump’s deep unpopularity  —   his “negatives,” he called them  —   but invoked Ronald Reagan’s initial polling deficit in 1980 to claim Mr. Trump’s deficiencies were not permanent. Mr. Reagan’s unfavorability in 1980, however, was never as high as that of Mr. Trump now. “Fixing personality negatives is a lot easier than fixing character negatives,” said Mr. Manafort, claiming that Hillary Clinton suffered from negative. “You can’t change somebody’s character. But you can change the way somebody presents themselves. ” And that, Mr. Manafort said, was in the works. Mr. Trump intends to deliver a foreign policy address at the National Press Club in Washington next week, Mr. Manafort said, and that he would also hold similar events to address his “gender gap. ” “You’ll start to see more depth to the person, the real person,” Mr. Manafort continued, referring to more Trump appearances in “formal settings. ” Looking ahead to the fall, Mr. Manafort was joined by Rick Wiley, the campaign’s new political director, to help lay out an audacious case for how Mr. Trump could defeat Mrs. Clinton. Mr. Manafort, citing “the unique magic of Trump,” said the candidate could be in a “very competitive situation in states that by the end of September you say goodbye to the presidential candidate. He singled out Pennsylvania, Maryland and Delaware. The three states last voted for a Republican presidential nominee in 1988. As the Republicans ate oysters in a dim, stuffy conference room overlooking the Atlantic Ocean, Mr. Wiley walked them through a slide show that predicted victory for Mr. Trump not just in swing states with large Hispanic populations like Nevada, Colorado and Florida, but in states that Republicans have not captured since the 1980s: Pennsylvania, Michigan, Minnesota, Wisconsin and Connecticut. And in other solidly Democratic states, like Illinois and New Jersey, he said Mr. Trump could force Mrs. Clinton to spend money defending herself. “Can we win Illinois?” Mr. Manafort asked. “I don’t know. But what we can do is make Hillary Clinton go to Illinois, make her spend money there, make her spend money in the Northeast. ”",0
6124,You’ve Been Washing Your Hands Wrong - The New York Times,"You’ve probably been cleaning your hands all wrong. They must be filthy. Scientists have found that a common technique for applying hand sanitizer, one that is even recommended by the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention, is inferior to an alternative method with twice as many steps. The C. D. C. way: Step One: Apply the sanitizer to one palm. Step Two: Rub both palms together. Step Three: Rub product over your hands until dry. In a study published in the journal of the Society for Healthcare Epidemiology of America, scientists in Scotland found that an alternative technique, recommended by the World Health Organization, was significantly more effective in reducing the median bacteria count on participants’ hands. It was also more  . The C. D. C. method takes 35 seconds on average to complete the alternative, 42. 5 seconds. You may notice that while the   instructions include applying the sanitizer and allowing your hands to dry, the   technique ignores both actions. (The diagramed W. H. O. method actually contains 11 intensive steps. The study only counted Steps 2 through 7.) Here’s how you do it the (much more laborious) W. H. O. way: Step One: Rub palms together. Step Two: Rub each palm front to back over the back of the other hand, interlacing fingers. Step Three: Twist palms with fingers interlaced, and rub between fingers. Step Four: Interlock your fingers, (thumbs should be on opposite sides) and twist again, this time, backs of fingers against palms. Step Five: Clasp your left thumb in your right hand and move thumb in circular motion  —   then switch thumbs. Step Six: (Still with us?) Press your right fingers together and rub them in a circular motion on your left palm, then switch. You’re done! Jacqui Reilly of the Glasgow Caledonian University, the lead author of the study, which focused on   workers, stressed that the way the steps were counted emphasized the precision of the superior W. H. O. technique. “The difference between them is that the W. H. O. guidance gives you six maneuvers to do, instead of just saying, ‘Apply it all over your hands,’ ” she said. Hand hygiene, she added, remained “the single most important intervention that you can do to prevent health   infection but also to protect yourself and your family from infections and viruses. ” Certain antibacterial soaps may do more harm than good, experts say. Some have come under scrutiny for using chemicals like triclosan. The Food and Drug Administration has recommended using hand sanitizers that contain at least 60 percent alcohol if soap and water is unavailable. Dr. Reilly said that while her study focused only on   hand sanitizer, the technique applied equally well to hand washing with soap and water. O. K. so maybe you have been persuaded but are reluctant to memorize and do all those new steps? You’re not alone. According to the study, even the   professionals who participated had trouble with all the steps. Nearly a third of them were unable to complete the entire process despite “having instructions on the technique in front of them and having their technique observed. ”",0
6125,The Moroccan Garden of One Man’s Dreams - The New York Times,"In the rough countryside of northern Morocco the writer and horticulturist Umberto Pasti has created Rohuna, his garden, which is nothing less than autobiography writ from earth and flora. I FIRST CAME HERE, to this patch of dusty land 40 miles south of Tangier, 18 years ago. Tired after a long walk, I fell asleep under a fig tree and had a strange dream, full of words whose relation to one another I didn’t understand: mouth, nasturtium, exedra, unicorn. At the time, I didn’t know that the jinn, the local spirits, possess those who fall asleep under trees in the middle of nowhere. What I did know was that I was going to build a garden here. I told my Moroccan friend who was traveling with me that I wanted to buy the land. There were 20 or so owners to negotiate with, but after about 100 meetings with the adouls, Muslim notaries, the deal was done. In the meantime, I’d already set myself up in a shack made out of reeds and palm leaves, built with help from Rachid, the   child who had popped out from behind a bramble one day, a huge smile on his face. Today, he is Rohuna’s head gardener. Objectively, it wasn’t an ideal place for a garden. Sure, a few trees grew in the dusty, scorching heat  —   three figs, a small cluster of pomegranates and a eucalyptus  —   and the view, of the sleepy, stony ground, of the ocean, was biblical, the solitude exciting. But, unfortunately, you could only get there either by scrambling along a difficult path or on the back of a mule. The chalky soil was in many places, in fact, sand or lifeless clay. The temperature could climb to almost 122 degrees and the rocks were home to scorpions and vipers, including the rare, magnificent Vipera latastei, whose bite is lethal. What’s more, the peasants who lived in the village nearby were stubborn and suspicious, and many had never seen a European. My father had died not too long before, leaving me some money. I used all of it making up for the roadblocks that destiny had placed in my path as a gardener. By the time my Cleopatra syndrome reached its height, I had hired 600 workers: There were three houses to build, a track to lay down miles of stone, walls to erect. And in the meantime we had to transport hundreds of tons of good topsoil so that everything would turn out as I had dreamed. My vision for the garden, I am still convinced, is for how it has always been  —   but always when? In what dimension did a sliver of Moroccan countryside coincide with something out of the background of a Renaissance painting, populated by centaurs, basilisks, hippogriffs? THESE WERE TIRING YEARS, but there were also many moments of joy: the morning on which the pump we’d attached to the third probe yielded a   rivulet when coming back from Tangier, I saw the Iris planifolia that, months before, we’d transplanted by the thousands from the construction site of a tourist dock, all in bloom. In the beginning, I was very strict with myself. Other than fruit trees, I only planted greenery threatened by the urbanization that has disfigured northern Morocco, snatching them from the jaws of excavators and bulldozers: gigantic olive trees, holly oaks, strawberry bushes, viburnum shrubs and fig trees. Then I let myself go, but only in the ornamental terraces around the houses, where I liberally planted the species that I’d seen in the gardens in the country’s north: Damask roses, Madonna lilies, Canna indica, Iris germanica and Iris pallida (Dalmation irises) Dietes iridioides (fortnight lilies) tithonia, hollyhocks, carnations and geraniums. These terraces, of which there are roughly 20, are each themed. There’s the Englishman’s Garden, with its lilies and fuchsias the Italian’s Garden, planted with olives, myrtle and lilies of the Nile, and the Egyptian Garden, because when I sit there I feel as if I’m in Luxor. I surprised my partner and guardian angel with Stephan’s Terrace, which I named after him. We now drink gin and tonics there on summer nights. And Bando’s Gardens take their name from one of the gardeners the meandering bloodlines of his family, one of the oldest in the village, leave me as awestruck as those of the Guermantes family do the narrator of “In Search of Lost Time. ” In these gardens, it’s my men who decide what to plant among the mulberries, the apricots and the pears, delighting me with their audacity: orange Streptosolen jamesonii (marmalade bushes) next to   Tecoma garrocha alongside horseshoe pelargoniums as red as the idea of red itself, purple African daisies and Tagetes lemmonii (Lemmon’s marigold) those perfumed clouds of gold. BUT THIS GARDENER’S heart truly resides beyond the path that leads to the village, on the margins of the forest of fig trees that yields, as in a fable, to the wooden bridge built for me by my friend Najim. Here wild plants grow  —   roughly 300 native species  —   from the magisterial Quercus ilex, the evergreen oak, to the minuscule Acis tingitana, and all the rock roses, euphorbia, helianthemum and thyme that made northern Morocco a paradise. Wild bulbs are our forte: There are 17 species of iris (six native) 12 narcissus varietals, five kinds of ornithogalum (  ) and tulips, romulea, merendera, dipcadi, fritillaries, gladioli, grape hyacinths, crocuses, meadow saffrons and garlics. And I’m not talking about small clusters. Such boundless Phoenician horizons demand courage. For winter picnics, straw mats and rugs are spread out among the thousands of Iris tingitana (Moroccan irises)  —   in their honor we drink mint tea and break bread. To live in this Arcadia is a great privilege. Here, the lives of people are intertwined with the lives of plants and of the animals, and the rhythms of nature itself. This is the Morocco that I love more than anything else in the world, the noble and rustic Morocco for which I live. I am grateful to the men who work with me  —   and to the jinn that possesses me still.",0
6126,Asterix-Comics wegen Verherrlichung von Doping aus dem Handel genommen,"Samstag, 5. November 2016 Asterix-Comics wegen Verherrlichung von Doping aus dem Handel genommen Berlin (Archiv) - Ist das das Aus für die unbeugsamen Gallier? Wie der Ehapa-Verlag am Mittwoch mitteilte, werden alle Bände der beliebten Asterix-Reihe von Autor René Goscinny und Zeichner Albert Uderzo umgehend aus dem Handel genommen. Damit reagiert der Verlag auf eine Untersuchung der Nationalen Anti-Doping Agentur Deutschland (NADA), die jahrelanges flächendeckendes Doping bei den beliebten Comicfiguren nachweisen konnte. Bereits Ende letzter Woche hatte die NADA entsprechende Ergebnisse veröffentlicht. Demnach konnten die Kontrolleure die Verwendung einer euphemistisch als ""Zaubertrank"" bezeichneten Substanz in allen Heften nachweisen. Mit Hilfe des berüchtigten Doping-Arztes Miraculix aka ""Der Druide"" sollen somit sämtliche der Schlachten- und Prügelergebnisse der Gallier gegen römische Patrouillen, Feldlager und Legionen ganz offenkundig und ungeniert manipuliert worden sein. Unsportlich. Von einem fairen Wettkampf keine Spur. ""Wir befürchten, dass durch die Verherrlichung des Dopingmittels als Zaubertrank ohne Nebenwirkungen die Hemmschwelle für den Konsum leistungssteigernder Substanzen sinkt"", heißt es in einer Erklärung der Agentur. Gerade jüngere Leser seien gefährdet. Besonders erschütternd: Ein Charakter soll gar als Kind in das Dopingmittel gefallen sein und seitdem über übermenschliche Kräfte verfügen. Beim Ehapa-Verlag gibt man sich derweil zerknirscht und lässt die Zukunft der beliebten Comics offen. Zwar sei ein ""cleaner"" Neustart der Reihe in Planung, so ein Sprecher des Verlages. Doch ob der neue Band ""Asterix und die Zerstörung des kleinen Dorfs durch selbstverständlich haushoch überlegene Römer"" am Ende tatsächlich den Weg in deutsche Buchhandlungen finde, sei noch nicht sicher. dan, khi; Idee: khi; Fotos: Ehapa-Verlag; Hinweis: Erstmals erschienen am 31.7.14 Artikel teilen:",0
6127,"Bill Nye, Rachel Bloom Team for Transgender Anthem ’Sex Junk’ (Video)","Actress Rachel Bloom has teamed up with “Science Guy” Bill Nye to debut an LGBT sex anthem on the new Netflix series Bill Nye Saves the World. [During an episode of the   show  —   which debuted on the streaming service this week  —   Nye introduces Bloom’s performance as “very special” and a “cool little segment. ”  Bloom, perhaps best known for her role in the sitcom Crazy   proceeds to give a performance of a song titled “My Sex Junk,” which includes lyrics like: “This world of ours is so full of choice. But must I choose between only John or Joyce? Are my options only hard or moist? My vagina has its own voice. ” Other lines in the performance, which features Nye behind a DJ booth and a man ripping his trousers off, include: “Versatile love may have some butt stuff. It’s evolution, ain’t nothing new. There’s nothing taboo about a sex stew. ” “That’s exactly the right message, Rachel, nice job,” Nye says as Bloom finishes her performance. The video was quickly excoriated by viewers, with the YouTube version receiving more than 10, 000 “dislikes” compared with just 170 “likes. ” Twitter users also blasted the video, with some claiming that Nye’s perspective on gender is not backed by science. *curled up in a therapist chair, shivering arhythmically, scratching my inner elbow* alright so it all began with this video, ”my sex junk”,  —   C✪RBYNISTA (@fuckmuir) April 24, 2017,  Well @BillNye shot his credibility when he decided there’s no science to gender. Oh, and that was SAD. #mysexjunk,  —   Wrongthink Radio (@wrongthinkradio) April 24, 2017,  I’ve seen some stuff in my life, but nothing as bad as ”My Sex Junk”. #RachelBloom,  —   Hazel (@RoseHazel12) April 24, 2017,  Reviewing the rest of Nye’s show, which is intended to inform viewers about science, Maddie Stone of Gizmodo describes it as “a small amount of information packaged to promote a   understanding of a complex science issue, slanted to the POV of an unabashedly political science comedian. ” She adds that Nye spends the majority of the show just “yelling at his audience. ” Earlier this week, Nye told MSNBC that he wanted to remind the Trump administration that “science is political,” arguing that the Constitution grants Congress the power “to promote the progress of science and useful arts. ” However, Nye’s understanding of the Constitutional passage has since been shown to be incorrect.   You can follow Ben Kew on Facebook, on Twitter at @ben_kew, or email him at bkew@breitbart. com",0
6128,Anti-Transgender Bus Impounded by Spanish Judge,"The president of a conservative group in Spain has vowed to fight on after a judge impounded a bus that was due to tour the country protesting transgender ideology. [Ignacio Arsuaga, president of Hazte Oír, accused the judge of “kidnapping” his bus, which had a slogan on the side saying: “Boys have penises, girls have vaginas. Don’t be fooled. ”  The bus generated outrage among left wingers after its first day on the streets of Madrid on Monday, resulting in the city council banning it from their roads. Judge José Juan Escalonilla then backed the decision, with Madrid prosecutors now considering whether to investigate it for hate crime. They say that failure to do so could risk “disturbing the peace and creating a feeling of insecurity or fear among people due to their identity or sexual orientation, and specifically among minors who could be affected by the message. ” However, Mr. Asuaga said his group had the freedom to protest “sexual indoctrination” in schools, adding that the slogan on the side of the bus is based on a “fact of biology”. “We are going to appeal this unjust decision and file a criminal case against the   Madrid mayor,” he said. La Gaceta reports the group now plans to cover the bus with a tarpaulin containing different messages in order to circumvent the ban and continue travelling Friday. They may also charter a second vehicle with the same message. The group created the campaign in response to posters put up in cities across the north of Spain depicting naked children with genitalia of the opposite sex. The posters, created by transgender advocacy group Chrysallis, declared: “There are girls with penises and boys with vaginas. It’s as simple as that. ” They were funded by an anonymous American donor who gave €28, 000 (£24, 000) to help the group spread its message.",0
6129,Rodents Run Wild in Paris. Blame the European Union. - The New York Times,"PARIS  —   On chilly winter mornings, most Parisians hurry by the   square that is home to the beautiful medieval Tour St. Jacques. Only occasionally do they pause, perhaps hearing a light rustle on the fallen leaves or glimpsing something scampering among the dark green foliage. A bird? A cat? A puppy? No. A rat. No. Three rats. No. Look closer: Ten or 12 rats with lustrous   coats are shuffling among the dried autumn leaves. Paris is facing its worst rat crisis in decades. Nine parks and green spaces have been closed either partly or entirely. Some, like the Champs de Mars, home to the Eiffel Tower, are being “ ” in sections. “I haven’t seen this sort of situation in 39 years,” said Gilles Demodice, a manager in Paris’s animal pest control department, who has spent much of his adult life working for the city. Some   places cannot be completely closed, like the   Boulevard   which runs through a neighborhood with little green space and is beloved by mothers with strollers as well as joggers  —   but also, it seems, by packs of rats. Rat invasion is an old problem in Paris  —   and a new one  —   and it is hard to get a grip on. In 2014, the city promised a 100 percent “ . ” In the 19th century, rats terrified and disgusted Parisians who knew that five centuries earlier, the creatures had brought the bubonic plague across the Mediterranean. The plague ravaged the city, as it did much of Europe, killing an estimated 100, 000 Parisians, between a third and half the population at the time. It recurred periodically for four more centuries. Not surprisingly, the experience left Paris with a   aversion to rodents. Today, no one talks about a 100 percent   Paris. But why is the problem worse now than in the past? “We don’t know exactly why,” Mr. Demodice said. “I think it might be because there is an overpopulation underground because the usual habitat for this animal are the sewers, underground, not above ground. ” “Our work is to push them back down,” he said. But why are they proliferating? Could it be everybody’s favorite scapegoat  —   the European Union and its faceless, unaccountable bureaucrats? Yes, it could. New regulations from Brussels, the European Union’s headquarters, have forced countries to change how they use rat poison, said Dr.   Michaux, a veterinarian and head of the Urban Animals Scientific and Technical Institute in Paris. The old way of poisoning rodents involved a sort of deadly snack service in which park employees put lethal pellets directly into the burrows where the rats lived or sprinkled a poison powder along the underground byways used by the rats. The poison would cling to the rat’s fur “and then when the rat cleaned itself, licked itself, it absorbed the powder and was automatically poisoned,” Dr. Michaux said. Either method meant the rat was likely to come in direct contact with the deadly substance. Typically, the rat died two or three days later. The poison is an anticoagulant that eventually causes dehydration, internal bleeding and death. However, the old method could easily contaminate the water supply, and the poison could be ingested by domestic animals or human beings, with the greatest risk being to children and pregnant women, Dr. Michaux said. Now the European Union requires that the poison be secured in small black plastic boxes, known as bait stations, and the rats have to actively seek it out. The United States has similar restrictions. In Paris, however, the rats can easily find a   meal much of the year within a stone’s throw of their burrows  —   at least around the Tour St. Jacques. And they appear to prefer a   baguette with butter and ham, a piece of apple and an unfinished container of pasta, prosciutto and peas. Three park workers tasked with checking the poison boxes scattered every 25 feet among the shrubbery at the Tour St. Jacques did not find even one breached by a rat last Friday. Patrick Lambin, 43, a city worker in the Square St. Jacques, gleefully seized a dead rat with a pincerlike implement used for picking up trash on Friday morning and swung it around. “That’s the fourth one I’ve gotten,” he said. Over how many days? He shrugged, “Since we began. ” That was between two and three weeks ago. While it is possible the other rats running around the little square may be dying slowly from the poison, it seems at least as likely that they are propagating faster than they are dying. The rat’s rapid reproduction rate is a reason that the creatures are likely to have the upper hand in the competition for survival. “Rats are capable of breeding every three weeks,” said Dr. Michaux, the veterinarian. “Sexual maturity by the children is reached between six and nine weeks, and so very quickly the second generation also starts reproducing, then the third generation and so on,” he said. Taking into account that a rat mother produces on average four to five offspring in each litter, the numbers rise exponentially. While the poison could be a risk to human beings, so are the rats  —   potentially, although no one is suggesting that the bubonic plague is likely to return. The species of rat responsible for the black death, as the plague was called, Rattus rattus, a black rat that first arrived in Europe probably about A. D. 500, is not the rat now turning up in Paris parks. The rat causing alarm in the French capital is the Rattus norvegicus, a relative newcomer to Europe, which arrived about 150 to 200 years ago from Asia. Although it is not easy to get sick from having a passing contact with these rats, they do carry diseases like salmonella or leptospirosis, more commonly known as swamp fever. Dirt, disease, degeneracy, the poor rat is much despised. The celebrated French satirist and printmaker Honoré Daumier depicted a rat that looked similar to those today that run around the Tour St. Jacques. Mr. Daumier, however, shows them running over dead bodies. The French   writer Victor Hugo had one of his main characters in “Les Misérables” terrify small children by telling them that the rats that lived in an abandoned statue of an elephant in the Place de la Bastille “were so big they could eat cats. ” But today’s   Parisian rat is also, if not man’s best friend, at least a familiar and constant denizen of city life: Where there are men, there are rats, said Mr. Demodice, the pest control manager. Listening to Mr. Demodice, who has spent much of life observing rats, it is almost possible to feel affection for them. “A rat is a very intelligent and athletic animal,” he said. “Rats play a very useful role for us because what they eat we do not need to dispose of, so it’s very economical for us, and when rats are underground they also clean the pipes with their fur when they run through them. “So we need to keep them. They’re sort of our friends, but they need to stay below. That’s all we ask: that they stay below. ”",0
6130,Police Turn In Badges Rather Than Incite Violence Against Standing Rock Protesters: Report,By Amanda Froelich It should be evident if you’re following news concerning the Standing Rock protests in North Dakota that tension continues to escalate between... ,0
6131,’The War on Coal Is Over’: Donald Trump Signs Energy Executive Order - Breitbart,"President Donald Trump made a dramatic display of executive power at the Environmental Protection Agency, as he signed an executive order to begin ratcheting back the   EPA regulations. [“My administration is putting an end to the war on coal,” Trump said in a speech prior to signing the executive order. Trump was joined by Environmental Protection Agency administrator Scott Pruitt, Secretary of Energy Rick Perry, and Secretary of the Interior Ryan Zinke.  “Our nation can’t run on pixie dust and hope,” Zinke said during his speech. “The last eight years showed that. ” Vice President Mike Pence was also present for the event. “President Trump digs coal,” Pence said as he introduced Trump. “The war on coal is over. ” Several coal miners were also present at the event, and at one point Trump left the podium in the middle of his speech to shake all of their hands. “We’re with you 100%,” he said, recalling his campaign promise to put them back to work. Trump said that his executive order was focused on giving power back to the states and back to the people to restore American energy jobs. “We’re going to have safety, we’re going to have clean water, we’re going to have clean air, but so many are unnecessary and so many are job killing, we’re getting rid of the bad ones,” he said. Despite his focus on coal miners, Trump also praised EPA employees. “You’re doing important work to protect our health and public resources, so important,” he said. Trump also recognized Sen. Shelley Moore Capito ( ) who joined the event. After signing the executive order, Trump reached back with one of the signature pens and gave it to the miners. “Only a miner, c’mon fellas you split it up,” he said, as the crowd laughed. After signing executive order at the EPA, Trump double taps the desk pic. twitter.   —   Charlie Spiering (@charliespiering) March 28, 2017, ",0
6132,How Big Pharma Has Hijacked Conventional Medicine,"Op-Ed by Paul A. Philips Ever wondered how Big Pharma has managed to tightly control so many aspects of conventional medicine’s healthcare system, even to the point of imposing limitations on our... ",0
6133,Anthony Weiner Confirms Child Welfare Agency Is Investigating Him - The New York Times,"Anthony D. Weiner confirmed on Thursday that the New York City Administration for Children’s Services has opened an investigation into his treatment of his    son, Jordan. The inquiry comes after Mr. Weiner was embarrassed yet again this week by revelations that he had sent sexually charged messages over social media to a woman he had never met. One message showed his son in a photograph that also included Mr. Weiner’s crotch. Though The New York Post reported on Wednesday that the child welfare agency had begun looking into the matter, citing anonymous sources, Mr. Weiner told The New York Times the same day that he had not yet been contacted. On Thursday, however, he said that the agency had left a   letter about the investigation at his mother’s house. It was unclear why the agency had sent a letter to his mother’s residence, rather than to him directly. He, too, seemed mystified: “Crazy if you ask me,” he said, adding that he had called the agency to learn more. To prompt an investigation, a person who has direct knowledge of the allegations of mistreatment must report any concerns to the Statewide Central Register, a state hotline if the state believes that an inquiry is warranted, it directs the city agency to investigate. By law, the agency must investigate all reports it receives from the state. Mr. Weiner, a Democrat, once served in Congress and ran for mayor. His political career was destroyed by two previous scandals involving lewd online messages, and he is now separated from his wife and Jordan’s mother, Huma Abedin, a top aide to Hillary Clinton. Ms. Abedin announced the separation on Monday.",0
6134,London Attack Suspect: Pub Fights and Anti-Muslim Rants,"LONDON (AFP)  —   The    accused of driving a van into a crowd of Muslim worshippers outside a London mosque is “troubled” according to his family, while those who know him describe a man who has verbally abused Muslim children. [Darren Osborne, a father of four from Cardiff in Wales, was arrested after the attack near Finsbury Park Mosque early Monday and is being questioned by police on suspicion of attempted murder and terrorism.  According to witnesses who detained the man before police arrested him, he was shouting that he wanted to “kill all Muslims” before he was taken away. Neighbours said Osborne had been thrown out of The Hollybush, his local pub in Pentwyn, a suburb of Cardiff, on Saturday for drunkenly insulting Muslims. “He was cursing Muslims and saying he would do some damage,” according to a regular at the pub quoted by The Sun. His Muslim neighbour, Khadijeh Sherizi, said she had never had any problems with Osborne until this weekend, when he insulted her children. Her son Nadeem, 12, was quoted in The Guardian as saying: “I was on my bike and he just came up to me and said ‘inbred’. ” His sister Nadia, 10, said she and her grandmother had heard Osborne using the same word. “All of a sudden we heard him say ‘inbred’”. Other neighbours said that Osborne’s behaviour had become erratic in recent weeks, and that he was living in a tent in the woods after splitting up with his   partner. “Around two weeks ago I saw him and he was a right state,” Peter Mackuin, 53, told The Sun. “His missus had been out looking for him, I saw him wandering out of the woods. ”  —   ‘Too much trouble’  —   Sherizi told AFP of her shock when she recognised the suspect, saying: “I saw him on the news and I thought, Oh my God, that is my neighbour. “He has been so normal. He was in his kitchen yesterday afternoon singing with his kids. ” His mother Christine, 72, said she screamed when she saw her son in television footage. “My son is no terrorist  —   he’s just a man with problems,” The Sun quoted her as saying. In a statement on behalf of the family, his nephew Ellis Osborne, 26, said: “We are massively shocked. Our hearts go out to the people who have been injured. ” His uncle was “not a racist” he said, adding: “It’s madness. It is obviously sheer madness. ” Darren’s sister Nicola added that the suspect had shown no interest in politics, telling The Sun: “He wouldn’t even know who the prime minister was. ” Some neighbours described a normal but loud character. “I know him. I’ve lived here for five years, he was already living here when I moved in,” said    Saleem Naema. “If I ever needed anything he would come. I just can’t believe that he did that. I am a Muslim. ” But others described a man who attracted trouble, and who often argued in the street with his wife. “He’s quite a shouty person, always shouting at his wife and kids,” pharmacist Rebecca Carpenter told The Times. Osborne was reportedly born in Singapore and is believed to have moved to Wales from    in west England. Locals in    told the Times newspaper that he had left “because he was too much trouble” frequently getting into pub fights.",0
6135,U.S. Dementia Rates Are Dropping Even as Population Ages - The New York Times,"Despite fears that dementia rates were going to explode as the population grows older and fatter, and has more diabetes and high blood pressure, a large nationally representative survey has found the reverse. Dementia is actually on the wane. And when people do get dementia, they get it at older and older ages. Previous studies found the same trend but involved much smaller and less diverse populations like the mostly white population of Framingham, Mass. and residents of a few areas in England and Wales. The new study found that the dementia rate in Americans 65 and older fell by 24 percent over 12 years, to 8. 8 percent in 2012 from 11. 6 percent in 2000. That trend is “statistically significant and impressive,” said Samuel Preston, a demographer at the University of Pennsylvania who was not associated with the study. In 2000, people received a diagnosis of dementia at an average age of 80. 7 in 2012, the average age was 82. 4. “The dementia rate is not immutable,” said Dr. Richard Hodes, director of the National Institute on Aging. “It can change. ” And that “is very good news,” said John Haaga, director of the institute’s division of behavioral and social research. It means, he said, that “roughly a million and a half people aged 65 and older who do not have dementia now would have had it if the rate in 2000 had been in place. ” Keith Fargo, director of scientific programs and outreach at the Alzheimer’s Association, said the group had been encouraged by some of the previous research showing a decline but had also been “a little bit nervous” about drawing conclusions because the populations in the earlier studies were so homogeneous. Now, he said of the new data, “here is a nationally representative study. It’s wonderful news. ” An estimated four million to five million Americans currently have dementia. It remains the most expensive disease in America  —   a study funded by the National Institute on Aging estimated that in 2010 it cost up to $215 billion a year to care for dementia patients, surpassing heart disease ($102 billion) and cancer ($77 billion). The study, published online Monday by the journal JAMA Internal Medicine, included 21, 000 Americans 65 and older across all races, education and income levels, who participate in the Health and Retirement Study, which regularly surveys people and follows them as they age. The National Institute on Aging funded the work but was not involved with the data collection, analysis or interpretation. To assess dementia, participants were asked, among other things, to recall 10 nouns immediately and after a delay, to serially subtract seven from 100, and to count backward from 20. The test was based on extensive research indicating it was a good measure of memory and thinking skills. Participants also were asked about their education levels, income and health. In a way, the dementia decline might seem unexpected. It occurred despite an increase in diabetes  —   the diabetes prevalence among older Americans surged to 21 percent in 2012 from 9 percent in 1990. It began to fall only very recently. And, the study found, diabetes increased the risk of dementia by 39 percent. More older people today also have cardiovascular risk factors  —   high levels of blood pressure, blood sugar and cholesterol  —   which increase the risk of dementia. But more are taking medications for those conditions, so perhaps better control of those risk factors played a role in the decline. The findings about obesity were especially puzzling. Compared with people of normal weight, overweight people and obese people had a 30 percent lower risk of dementia, the study found. Underweight people had a risk 2. 5 times as great. Yet the obesity picture is muddled because other studies have found that obesity in middle age increases dementia risk in old age. Then there is the education question. On average, older Americans in 2012 had one more year of schooling than older Americans in 2000. And years of education were associated with decreased dementia risk in this study, as in many others. It is still not clear exactly why education would reduce the risk of dementia. There is the cognitive reserve hypothesis: that education changes developing brains in a good way, making them more resistant to dementia, and that people with more education have brains that are better able to compensate for dementia damage. But education also is linked to more wealth. People with more education often live in environments that differ from those of people who have less schooling, and they tend to have better health over all. They also are less likely to smoke. As for black Americans, the dementia risk was higher, but some possible reasons  —   less education, less wealth, more cardiovascular risk factors  —   did not fully explain the difference. One possibility is that they received a poorer quality of education, so each year of it offered less protection from dementia, said the study’s lead author, Dr. Kenneth Langa. In the end, much of what is happening with dementia rates defies explanation, said Dr. Langa, a professor of medicine at the University of Michigan in Ann Arbor, who also works in the Veterans Affairs health care system there. Dr. Denis Evans, a professor of medicine at Rush University Medical Center in Chicago, urged caution in accepting the conclusion that dementia rates were declining and, if they are, in accepting the possible explanations. Although he had nothing but praise for the abilities of the researchers, he noted that such studies were extremely difficult to do. Deciding if a respondent is demented can easily be inadvertently skewed, he said. “It’s very complex,” Dr. Evans said. But the decline is consistent with what seems to be a   trend, despite researchers’ failure to find any effective way for individuals to protect themselves from Alzheimer’s, the most common form of dementia. Dr. Langa estimates that compared with the rate in the early 1990s, there has been a 25 to 30 percent decrease in dementia rates among older Americans. As for the future, that is hard to predict, Dr. Langa said. Even with the lower prevalence of dementia, there will be many more older people in the United States over the next few decades, especially people age 85 and older, who are at highest risk. For that reason, the total number of people with dementia should rise, although not as much as had been estimated. And there are forces acting against the continuation of the decline in dementia rates. More people reaching age 65 and above in the next few decades will have been obese in middle age, possibly increasing their risk of dementia. In addition, the trend toward more years of schooling seems to have leveled off, so the education effect might not be as much of a factor. But researchers remain optimistic. The study found associations, Dr. Hodes noted. “Now the real challenge,” he said, “is to see if we can generate evidence of what causes what. ”",0
6136,"Charlotte, Syria, Ted Cruz: Your Friday Evening Briefing - The New York Times","(Want to get this briefing by email? Here’s the  .) Good evening. Here’s the latest. 1. Disturbing footage emerged of the fatal encounter between a black man and police officers in Charlotte, N. C. Recorded on a cellphone by the wife of the man, Keith Scott, the video shows the officers ignoring her as she tells them from a distance that her husband is unarmed, has a traumatic brain injury and just took his medicine. As she pleads with the officers not to shoot, the sound of gunfire can be heard. “He better live,” she says repeatedly, turning the camera to his body on the ground. Then: “Did you all call the police? I mean, did you all call an ambulance?” _____ 2. Stock prices dipped on Wall Street. Some investors dropped Yahoo, driving down its share price a day after the company revealed the 2014 breach of a staggering 500 million user accounts, an episode that may affect Verizon’s deal to acquire the company. Facebook’s stock was down, too, after it acknowledged a measuring error led to inflated figures on video consumption, while Twitter shares shot up  —   way up  —   on reports that the company was in talks to be bought. _____ 3. President Obama vetoed a bill that would allow families of Sept. 11 victims to sue the Saudi government for any role in the attacks. But Congress, which passed the bill in both houses with bipartisan support, is likely to override the veto, which would be a first during Mr. Obama’s presidency. Mr. Obama will speak at the opening of the Smithsonian’s National Museum of African American History and Culture on Saturday. _____ 4. Hillary Clinton and Donald J. Trump are  preparing for their first debate, each looking to take advantage of the other’s vulnerabilities on Monday night. In our campaign podcast, The   Mr. Trump’s ghostwriter for “The Art of the Deal” shares his observations on both candidates’ weak spots. As of Sunday, there will be a new platform for following the race: We the People, a Snapchat Discover channel from one of the founders of Politico. _____ 5. Mr. Trump won the surprise endorsement of a former bitter rival: Ted Cruz. And in another sign of Republican acquiescence, if not unity, House Speaker Paul Ryan, who once made it a point to counter Mr. Trump’s more controversial statements, generally deflects questions about the candidate now. Here’s our    voter registration guide. _____ 6. In theaters this weekend: “The Magnificent Seven,” a remake of a remake. Our critic says its main redeeming feature is Denzel Washington, “a great star, which means that he has that ineluctable what’  for selling the goods no matter what their   date. ” And our TV experts recommend Season 3 of “Transparent” (Amazon) and, for those who want to relive the distinctive humor of Garry Shandling, “The Larry Sanders Show” (HBO   Now). _____ 7. In   San Francisco, the new   Millennium apartment tower has taken on a pronounced lean, forcing city officials to reassess how buildings are vetted. An exemplar of the city’s construction spree, the tower is the subject of a   suit on behalf of the   unnerved residents, some of whom paid more than $2 million for a   apartment. _____ 8. Violence in Syria suddenly escalated. Government forces and their Russian allies launched aerial assaults on   areas of the northern city of Aleppo and threatened a ground invasion. Secretary of State John Kerry’s efforts to revive a   at the United Nations appeared to collapse. President Obama has said the situation in Syria “haunts me constantly,” but his calculations of the realities, including the difficulty of trusting deals with Russia, have stopped him from greater intervention. _____ 9. One of our   stories today is by a novelist whose defense of fiction as a vehicle for empathy was met with outrage by those who understood her interest in writing about people different from herself to be excusing cultural appropriation. The novelist, Lionel Shriver (“We Need to Talk About Kevin”) said she worried that the    stance popular among the young could end up damaging progressive politics. “There are many people who see these frenzies about cultural appropriation, trigger warnings,   and safe spaces as overtly crazy,” she writes. “The shrill tyranny of the left helps to push them toward Donald Trump. ” _____ 10. Finally,  need a break? You need venture no farther than your armchair to go to the ends of the earth through the eyes of six adventuresome photographers. “It’s the region where Lucy, the famous hominin, was found it was the start of humanity, and it feels like it,” one of them wrote about his visit to the area pictured above, the Danakil Desert in Ethiopia. Have a great weekend.  _____ Martin Tsai contributed reporting.  _____ Your Evening Briefing is posted at 6 p. m. Eastern. And don’t miss Your Morning Briefing, posted weekdays at 6 a. m. Eastern, and Your Weekend Briefing, posted at 6 a. m. Sundays. Want to look back? Here’s last night’s briefing. What did you like? What do you want to see here? Let us know at briefing@nytimes. com.",0
6137,Many Women Suffer From Fungal Infections And They Can Cure Them At Home,"posted by Eddie Female fungal infections have become quite common in recent times. Treating them is difficult, but luckily, we have a few natural solutions which will help you treat them from the comfort of your own home. Tea Rosemary tea is particularly effective against the symptoms of fungal infections. The tea can also be used for daily intimate care. To treat yeast infections, drink 1-4 cups of rosemary tea a day, and in cases of fungal infections, you should drink blueberry juice a couple of times a day. You can also eat fresh blueberries or take cranberry extract for the same problem. Oils Some essential oils have powerful antifungal properties that can relieve infections. You can soak a tampon in tea tree oil and insert it into your vagina to treat vaginal infections. Leave the tampon in for a couple of hours and repeat the process twice a day for best results. Oregano oil provides a similar effect, and can be applied topically diluted with olive oil. Taking two capsules of oregano oil extract every day and you will defeat the infection in just a week or two. Garlic Garlic is great against yeast infections. We recommend applying a garlic paste on the affected area, or consuming a mixture made of garlic, oil, vitamin E capsules and coconut oil. Vinegar Pour a cup of apple cider vinegar in a tub of hot water, then soak in it for 20 minutes to relieve fungal and yeast infections. Marigold Marigold has great antifungal and anti-inflammatory properties. Take a couple of marigold leaves, then mash them and apply the paste on the affected area to get rid of the infection. The treatment should be avoided during pregnancy. source:",0
6138,Penguins Eliminate Nemesis Rangers in Game 5 Rout - The New York Times,"PITTSBURGH  —    There would be no   magic for Henrik Lundqvist and the Rangers this year. After four consecutive postseasons in which they often played their best when their backs were against the wall, the Rangers’   season ended with a thud Saturday. The rookie Bryan Rust had two goals and an assist as the Pittsburgh Penguins wrapped up their Eastern Conference quarterfinal series against the Rangers with a   victory in Game 5. Pittsburgh won the series, four games to one, after losing to the Rangers by the same series margin in the first round last year. “We just got beat,” Rangers defenseman Marc Staal said. “We got beat by the better team. They were better than us. All series. ” The Rangers entered Saturday’s game hoping for a repeat performance of their 2014   series against the Penguins, in which they came back from a     deficit to beat Pittsburgh in seven games. Having won 15 of the past 19 games in which they faced elimination, the Rangers had reason to have confidence that they could do so again. After all, Lundqvist had a 1. 50 goals against average in those games. But these Rangers are not the same Rangers who reached the conference finals three times from 2012 to 2015. And this Lundqvist is not the same Lundqvist. He failed to finish a game for the third time in five outings this series, which began with his being knocked out of Game 1 after he was hit near the eye by a teammate’s stick. The Penguins bombarded Lundqvist for 10 goals during his final four periods. His backup, Antti Raanta, played the third period Saturday after having played the final   minutes in Game 4 on Thursday. Lundqvist allowed four goals on 12 shots in what proved his final period of the season. “The second period, it was a feeling of embarrassment to give up that many goals,” Lundqvist said. “But also a sense of hopelessness. ” He allowed only eight goals in the entire series against Pittsburgh last season. And before Thursday’s   loss in Game 4, he had given up just 16 goals to the Penguins during his previous 11 playoff appearances against them, winning eight of those games. But then Lundqvist gave up 10 goals in 64 minutes 55 seconds  —   the equivalent of a 9. 23 goals against average. “There’s been a lot of big opportunities right in front in this series, and you need strong goaltending,” Lundqvist said. “You need a goalie that’s going to make a lot of big extra saves. And I wasn’t able to come up with that. ” While Lundqvist was not sharp in Game 5  —   four of the goals came on shots that were unscreened but well placed  —   the breakdowns by the remade defensive corps in front of him did not help. Coach Alain Vigneault pulled out all the stops. He brought back the veteran Dan Girardi, who had been out since Game 1 because of a “whole body” injury. Vigneault also dressed seven defensemen, turning to Raphael Diaz, who had not played in an N. H. L. game all season. (Dan Boyle, 39, was a healthy scratch in what was most likely his final game he said in the fall that he planned to retire after the season.) Diaz and Girardi rewarded those decisions as each assisted on a goal. A Girardi shot 62 seconds into the game was deflected in by Rick Nash. Chris Kreider got a piece of a similar shot by Diaz from the point during a power play in the third period for the Rangers’ first goal in the series with a    advantage. Dominic Moore had made the score   just past the midway point of the first period, the puck going into the net after ricocheting off several Penguins. But the Rangers’ final lead of the series lasted only 64 seconds, until a Phil Kessel slap shot from the right circle smacked off the shaft of Lundqvist’s stick and into the far top corner of the net. That made Pittsburgh 8 for 20 on the power play in the series. Then came the   onslaught in the second period, and the Rangers were finished. The Rangers, who lost in the first round of the playoffs for the first time since 2011, had won eight playoff series over the previous four years, including 2014, when they advanced to the finals. “The way they play the game, that’s what we used to do to teams,” Rangers forward Derick Brassard said, noting that Penguins Coach Mike Sullivan had been an assistant with the Rangers from 2009 to 2013. “And they did it to us now. ” With many in the Rangers’ core aging, some will wonder if this is the end of an era. Nine Rangers who played in this series are 30 or older two more will turn 30 before the start of next season. Lundqvist posted the worst goals against average of his   career and tied for his worst save percentage since the   season. Nash, who missed 20 games with a leg injury, had his fewest goals in a season. Girardi had an uneven season. Eric Staal and Keith Yandle, trade acquisitions during the past 14 months, are pending unrestricted free agents. After the game, Vigneault said it was too early to give a   evaluation of where his team would go from here. “Like any organization, we’re going to go through all the steps, from coaches to management,” he said. He added, “Everybody wanted to end this way differently than it did. ”",0
6139,Rand Paul: With Ryan’s Obamacare Lite Premiums Will Continue to Rise - Breitbart,"Sunday on CBS’s “Face The Nation,” while discussing the Republicans the repeal and replacement of the Affordable Care Act dubbed Obamacare, Sen. Rand Paul ( ) said Speaker of the House Paul Ryan’s ( ) proposal was “Obamacare lite” and that will cause premiums to continue to rise.  Paul said, “I think it is basically Obamacare light. It keeps the subsidies, keeps the taxings for a year, then keeps the Cadillac tax forever, the tax on good insurance. It keeps the individual mandate, interestingly, Republicans have complained for years and we didn’t like the government was going to make you pay a meant, well now instead of paying the penalty to the government you pay the meant to the insurance industry. There is also in the insurance industries, the one primary thing that is wrong with Obamacare, this is what everybody, is that premiums are rising and  —   through the roof, soaring in the individual market. That will happen under the Ryan plan as well because it does nothing to fix the fundamental problem. ” Follow Pam Key on Twitter @pamkeyNEN",0
6140,The Lights Are On in Detroit - The New York Times,"DETROIT  —   Just before the holidays, on a dark street a few blocks from downtown, a group of public officials crowded onto a makeshift stage before a shivering crowd, flipped a big switch  —   and the last of this city’s 65, 000 new streetlights blazed on. For years, urban decline here was encapsulated in headlines about Detroit’s lights going out. Nowadays, tales of the city’s slow recovery tend to focus on plucky hipsters from Los Angeles or Brooklyn colonizing abandoned spaces, opening pickle companies or tilling little urban agriculture plots. Glossy magazines acclaim Detroit as the next Berlin never mind that Germany’s reunified capital has always floated on a bed of cushy federal subsidies. Let’s hope that if anyone writes a history of Detroit’s rejuvenation, a chapter is devoted to the lights returning. Like picking up the trash, fixing potholes and responding to emergencies, these efforts signal that no matter where you live in Detroit, you are no longer forgotten  —   that government here can finally keep its basic promises. The city, postbankruptcy, is led by Mike Duggan, a strong mayor. Its most solid indicator of progress may come this year, with the release of census figures, Mr. Duggan told me. After generations of white and black flight, there’s hope the numbers will reveal, for the first time in decades, the population holding steady or even rising. So far, much news about growth has focused on downtown, where Dan Gilbert, the billionaire owner of Quicken Loans, is a vocal booster, and on Midtown, home to businesses like the luxury brand Shinola. A light rail under construction will soon link the two neighborhoods, doubling down on their redevelopment. All that said, Detroit is a large city with limited resources. It sprawls across 139 square miles (two and a half times the size of Miami) a preponderance of which remain blighted and empty, with few   prospects for prosperity. I made a pilgrimage to Sister Pie, a cozy corner bakery opened a few years ago by a gifted Brooklyn transplant in the troubled West Village area, where more new shops and restaurants have lately settled. West Village is being advertised as another pocket of resurgence. You sometimes even hear the G word  —   gentrification  —   bandied around. But drive a block or so from Sister Pie and you’ll still find street after street of   houses. This is where the new lights come in. They’re spread all across town. The project cost $185 million, paid by the city and the state. The  Public Lighting Authority of Detroit, backed by the mayor, received a critical assist from the Obama administration: Energy Department experts advised local officials to swap out the old, costly,   sodium lamps, which vandals had been stripping bare for copper wire. They recommended LED technology. Investments by the Obama administration in   lighting have reduced costs, making LEDs feasible for a city like Detroit. Three years ago, nearly half the 88, 000 streetlights in the city were out of commission. The more potent LED lights allow the authority to replace those 88, 000 old fixtures with 65, 000 new ones, strong enough for you to read one of those glossy magazines after dark. The whole thing came in under budget and on time. When was the last time anyone could say that about a major infrastructure project in Detroit? “An example of how good government should work,” as Lorna L. Thomas, chairwoman of the lighting authority, put it at the   ceremony. It’s also an example of how one smart   decision can have ripple effects. Some residents here grumbled about fewer lights. That said, the stronger new ones turn out to save Detroit nearly $3 million in electric bills. They use aluminum wiring, which nobody wants to strip, discouraging crime. The technology even cuts carbon emissions by more than 40, 000 tons a year  —   equivalent to “taking 11, 000 cars off of your streets,” Shaun Donovan, Mr. Obama’s director of the Office of Management and Budget, pointed out at the lighting event, as well as “putting more money in the city’s pockets to do more good things. ” Good things like investing in development beyond the   core. I met with the city’s new planning and housing chiefs, who outlined a bold agenda to target dense areas, like the one around Livernois Avenue, between Seven Mile Road and Eight Mile Road, the city’s former luxury fashion district. Homegrown entrepreneurs like Rufus Bartell, catering to a young, more   population, are reviving the avenue. Mr. Bartell and his family have opened nearly a dozen businesses along Livernois, including Kuzzo’s Chicken  Waffles, where he and I convened one recent morning over breakfast. The place was mobbed, as usual. Businesses like Kuzzo’s pretty much had to shut down by dinnertime during the winter when the lights were out, Mr. Bartell told me. “People didn’t want to go out to eat or shop after the sun went down,” he said. He gestured out the window toward a shop across the street. “I own a store that sells furs and leather goods, with a customer base that skews older. Foot traffic almost fell to zero after dark. Since the lights came on, it’s up 15 percent across this neighborhood. ” Back at Sister Pie, I talked with Shannon Smith, 26, another Detroit native, who said he had grown up in Cody Rouge, an area on the northwest side of the city where getting to and from the bus stop as a teenager was a   nightmare when streetlights failed. He and other schoolchildren all across town waited in the dark for   buses that often didn’t arrive on schedule. “I was especially vulnerable whenever it snowed, because the city didn’t clear the sidewalks,” Mr. Smith recalled. City officials told me that since 2014, using federal Department of Transportation funding, Detroit has added 80 buses, hired dozens of drivers and increased ridership by approximately 100, 000 trips a week. Buses are critical to bringing together the   areas of newly targeted development. It’s one of the cruel (many here say racist) burdens of life in Detroit that automobile insurance rates for city residents are through the roof many can’t afford a car. Like the streetlights, buses restore the fabric of the streets and   a base line of normalcy. I made one last stop, at Louisiana Creole Gumbo, a       restaurant near downtown. Joe Spencer has owned Louisiana Creole since the early 1980s. It catered to neighborhood workers before drug dealers moved in and the lights went out. Now the lights are on, Mr. Spencer said, and diners are returning at night. But more important, he said, the lights demonstrate that City Hall followed through on a promise: “Residents stopped trusting government, and without trust people won’t want to settle here or start a business. The mayor said he’d turn the lights back on. He did. ” Among ripple effects, trust may be the most invaluable. As I said, one smart design move.",0
6141,"ISIS Declares It Will kill Palestinians “One By One”’, Yet Remains Quiet On Israel","Email 
ISIS has declared war on Palestine, threatening genocide against the Palestinian people, following the murder of Hamas’ senior commander Saber Siam on Sunday. ISIS militants said that Siam was killed due to the fact he was “a partner in a declared war against religion and against Muslims, working for the heretical government in Gaza”. Americans.org report: The attack was conducted by ISIS-affiliated Salafist rebels who have also warned local residents to stay away from Hamas offices and buildings as it plans to carry out more attacks. The conflict between Hamas and ISIS in Gaza started when Palestinian forces demolished a makeshift mosque used by Ansar al-Bayt al-Maqdis in early May. Ansar al-Bayt al-Maqdis is an Egyptian Islamist group that has pledged allegiance to ISIS and has been recruiting Palestinians for the Islamic State. After demolishing the Almtahabin mosque, Hamas then arrested seven men, including a local Salafist Sheikh Yasser Abu Houli. ISIS claims it will kill Palestinians “one by one” and that it knows the names and addresses of all the officers working for the Palestinian Intelligence agency.",0
6142,Prison Officers face gaol for striking over prison overcrowding. More soon.,"Posted: Nov 15th, 2016 by Guest Click for more article by Guest .. More Stories about: Ticker",0
6143,"Your Thursday Evening Briefing: Prince, Donald Trump, Volkswagen - The New York Times","(Want to get this briefing by email? Here’s the  .) Good evening. Here’s the latest. 1. The world lost another revered musician: Prince died at his home in Minnesota. He was 57. No cause of death has been given, but his publicist said last week that he was “fighting the flu” after reports that his plane made an emergency landing because of a health scare. His death comes just months after David Bowie, also lauded across the musical spectrum, died at age 69. _____ 2. The most important decision Republican voters make in Pennsylvania next week may not be choosing a candidate, but choosing delegates. The unusual way the state selects them means the 54 unbound delegates sent to the national convention could well end up casting decisive votes for a nominee who is not Donald Trump. Meanwhile, the divisive Republican nomination fight is forcing the party to scale back its spending. _____ 3. On the Democratic side, Bernie Sanders is under intense pressure to win the Pennsylvania primary on Tuesday. A loss for the senator would mean watching Hillary Clinton  —   who has burned through tens of millions of dollars  —   add to her already sizable delegate lead and potentially hamper his   efforts. If Mrs. Clinton secures the nomination, her embrace of military engagements abroad will most likely set her apart from any Republican rival. _____ 4. President Obama’s trip to Saudi Arabia wrapped up after a series of   sessions about regional security with the leaders of six Persian Gulf nations. He’s headed to London, where he’ll offer birthday wishes to Queen Elizabeth II (she is 90 today). Also happening Friday: World leaders will sign the landmark Paris agreement to tackle climate change, although experts say the plan doesn’t go far enough. _____ 5. The owners of nearly 500, 000 diesel Volkswagen cars in the United States that are outfitted with illegal emissions software will be able to sell the cars back to the company or get them fixed, under an agreement reached today. They’ll get additional compensation, too, but how much hasn’t been determined. Other details of the settlement, including what the automaker will pay in fines, are also still to be negotiated. _____ 6. There are   in the television world: ESPN fired the analyst Curt Schilling, above, over offensive remarks he made on social media, and at ABC, Kelly Ripa has been absent from the show “Live With Kelly and Michael” since being told at the last minute that her   Michael Strahan, would move to “Good Morning America. ” For Mr. Schilling, comments about transgender people this week were just the latest to have led to controversy. _____ 7. Uber can keep categorizing drivers in California and Massachusetts as independent contractors. The landmark agreement, reached through a settlement in a pair of   lawsuits, is a significant victory for the   service, which agreed to pay as much as $100 million to about 385, 000 drivers. _____ 8. An already flooded Houston got even more rain, but forecasters are hopeful that the skies will stay dry for a couple of days after the latest storm system moves out. At least eight deaths have been blamed on the weather, which has dumped more than a foot of rain on the city and surrounding counties since Sunday. _____ 9. In Vancouver, 110 addicts have prescriptions to receive three daily doses of heroin  —   injected by a nurse, in a clinic. It’s the only medical facility in North America permitted to prescribe the drug’s active ingredient, and its supporters say it has helped addicts repair their fractured lives. But in the United States, proposals for similar programs have been criticized over concerns that they would encourage more drug use. _____ 10. Meet the island fox. It is small and adorable, and nearly every member of the species is literally identical. The animals, smaller than a house cat, live on islands off the coast of Southern California. Scientists are trying to figure out how their lack of genetic variation hasn’t seriously threatened their survival. _____ 11. Finally, here’s our wine critic’s list of 20 bottles that cost less than $20. Happy spring! Don’t fret if you can’t find these particular ones: Our critic says the greatest opportunity to find values is in the range of $15 to $25. Your Evening Briefing is posted at 6 p. m. Eastern. And don’t miss Your Morning Briefing, posted weekdays at 6 a. m. Eastern, and Your Weekend Briefing, posted at 6 a. m. Sundays. Want to look back? Here’s last night’s briefing. What did you like? What do you want to see here? Let us know at briefing@nytimes. com.",0
6144,Iran’s latest propaganda tool: the Clinton-Trump debates,"By wmw_admin on November 6, 2016 Thomas Erdbrink — New York Times Nov 5, 2016 In the past, Iranians looking to mock the United States would burn cardboard effigies of Uncle Sam or Lady Liberty. But in recent months, as the U.S. presidential election took a series of bizarre turns, Iranians seeking to make fun of the “Great Satan” ditched the arts and crafts and simply switched on their TV sets. Iran’s state television, a bastion of ideologues, for once interrupted its regular programing of the “murders and crimes committed” by the United States, and instead aired all three debates between Hillary Clinton and Donald Trump — live. In a country that tightly controls information about the United States and depictions of Western democracy generally, the decision to air the debates was unprecedented. The election is an opportunity for Iranian hard-liners rather than a threat, insiders said. “We only need to sit back and let these candidates show themselves how idiotic they are,” said Hamidreza Taraghi, a conservative analyst and a regular guest on state television. “The best way for us to prove that the U.S. government is corrupt and hideous is by showing these people live on our TV.” Live, yes, but some parts — especially those criticizing Iran — were not fully translated. After each debate, experts would discuss and agree that the U.S., especially in its current state, “cannot do a damn thing.” Iran’s political establishment has been thoroughly enjoying the campaign. Not because the ruling clerics favor either candidate, but because, they say, the tenor of the debates shows the “catastrophe” that U.S. democracy has become. On Tuesday, Iran’s supreme leader, Ayatollah Ali Khamenei, called the U.S. election “a spectacle for exposing their crimes and debacles.” Khamenei seized on the campaign’s tawdriest details: accusations of infidelity and sexual assault. “The remarks made by these two U.S. presidential candidates over the last few weeks on immoral issues — which are, for the most part, not baseless accusations — are enough to disgrace America,” he said during a speech commemorating the 1979 takeover of the U.S. Embassy in Tehran. His supporters responded enthusiastically by shouting, “Death to America.” Trump, the Republican nominee, was not mentioned by name, but the ayatollah seemed to praise his outspokenness, saying: “People pay more attention to him.” The candidate, he said, is tapping into genuine American dissatisfaction. “Because the people look at what he says and see it is true,” Khamenei said. “They see it in the facts of their lives.” Since the 1979 Islamic Revolution, Iran has been officially anti-American. Many ordinary Iranians have milder feelings for the U.S., where more than 2 million of their relatives live. Iran’s leaders, however, are entangled in a constant battle for power and influence with the United States, which was long the strongest power in the Middle East. The U.S. withdrawals from Iraq and Afghanistan have emboldened Iran. Leaders felt comfortable enough to cut a nuclear deal with the U.S. and expand Iranian influence in the region, local analysts said. “America is no longer a superpower in the region. It’s weak in the Middle East. They are now only one of the players,” said Jalal Barzegar, a reformist journalist. “It’s now just a country.” For Iranians uninterested in watching the debates, Iran’s state television had another option. In recent weeks it has been airing Netflix’s “House of Cards,” called “House of Straw” here because playing cards is considered un-Islamic. Kevin Spacey’s portrayal as the conniving politician Frank Underwood is the perfect embodiment of the “inhumane face” of U.S. politics, state television officials have said. Apparently, Khamenei has also been watching. In his recent speech, he quoted a line uttered by Spacey in the series. “‘Shake with your right hand, but hold a rock in your left one,’ as they say themselves,” Khamenei said. “This is the kind of people they are.”",0
6145,Fort McMurray Wildfire Upends Plan to Restart Oil Sands Operations - The New York Times,"OTTAWA  —   Rapidly changing winds brought Alberta’s huge wildfire to the perimeter of two of the oldest and largest of Canada’s oil sands complexes on Tuesday, posing a new threat to an industry that just a day earlier had been preparing to resume   operations. And hopes that residents of the city of Fort McMurray, or at least those whose houses were not destroyed, might soon be able to return similarly waned. While the huge firestorm’s new path largely bypassed the city on Monday night and early Tuesday, two explosions added an additional 10 houses to the tally of destruction. An estimated 2, 400 buildings have been destroyed, officials said. As the raging blaze, now more than a week old, turned north, skirting the western edge of Fort McMurray on Monday afternoon and evening, a series of small camps holding about 600 oil sands workers were evacuated. By Tuesday, according to Rachel Notley, the premier of Alberta, about 6, 000 workers had been moved to the north while an additional 2, 000 fled south. Thousands of the northern escapees then made their way back south to Edmonton, the nearest major city to Fort McMurray, by air on Tuesday. The workers had mainly come from the big   mines and processing facilities owned by the companies Suncor and Syncrude. Over the past week, workers had been gradually traveling north from Edmonton and elsewhere to restart those operations. Some of them had just returned only to quickly find themselves again boarding an evacuation bus. By midday on Tuesday, the provincial government said that just eight employees remained at Suncor and 78 at Syncrude. In normal times, up to 7, 400 people work at Syncrude, producing up to 350, 000 barrels of oil a day. Most of the holdouts are members of the two companies’ fire brigades. Chad Morrison, the head of Alberta’s wildfire service, said that the fire was now close to the Syncrude and Suncor oil sands plants. As it made its way there overnight on Monday, the flames devoured a   work camp that had been evacuated hours earlier. But Mr. Morrison added that “we feel there’s good resilience with the industrial sites. ” In addition to having   and   fire brigades of their own, a wide band of gravel surrounds the oil sands operations as a fire break. Both companies have been extending the size of those barriers since the outbreak of the wildfire. If the fire nevertheless finds a way to enter the open pit mines where gigantic excavators scoop up tar like bitumen and place it in similarly oversize dump trucks, Mr. Morrison said that the province’s experience during a 2011 fire suggested that the   bitumen is unlikely to ignite. The plants where the bitumen is separated from sand and then converted into a synthetic crude oil present a potentially greater fire risk. Yet they are located well away from the fire and the forests. While firefighting efforts have been concentrated on preserving the undamaged parts of Fort McMurray, reopening the oil sands plants, which generally lie to the north, has also been a priority. In an analysis written just before the latest setback, the Conference Board of Canada estimated that 14 days of shutdown would mean a loss of production valued at 985 million Canadian dollars, about $762 million. Royalties from the oil sands are also an important part of the provincial budget. Some oil sands operations, like those of Shell Canada, are well north and were not affected on Tuesday. There were no estimates late Tuesday afternoon about when the   workers might be able to give restarting the operations a second try. On Monday, smoke was clearly as big a problem as the fire. Video made by evacuating workers showed that the atmosphere had turned a dull   red. Normally, Alberta’s poorest air quality ranking is 10, with 1 being the cleanest. Ms. Notley said that the rating hit 38 on Monday and was still at 13 on Tuesday. The cause of the two explosions remained under investigation, Ms. Notley said. After a round of setbacks, Ms. Notley’s one bit of good news was not unalloyed. “The more that’s burned around the edge of Fort McMurray,” she told a news conference, “the safer it becomes. ”",0
6146,Reward Is Doubled as Authorities Seek Leads in July Blast in Central Park - The New York Times,"More than five months after a mysterious substance exploded in Central Park, blowing off the lower part of a    man’s left leg, many questions about the episode persist. Law enforcement officials continue to believe the blast may have been the result of an amateur’s experiment with homemade explosives. But they have yet to determine why the explosive was in the park or to identify a suspect or make an arrest. On Friday, the Bureau of Alcohol, Tobacco, Firearms and Explosives, which is investigating the explosion along with the New York Police Department, said it would offer a $12, 500 reward for information that led to a suspect, bringing the total amount of reward money being offered by law enforcement agencies in connection with the blast to $25, 000. The authorities also asked for anyone to come forward who might have taken photographs or videos near the explosion site, around the entrance to the park at 60th Street and Fifth Avenue, in the days before the blast. The announcement came as investigators continued to struggle to solve the mystery behind the July 3 explosion. Connor Golden, who was visiting New York City from Virginia, was climbing down from a rock formation with two friends when a bag he stepped on exploded around 11 a. m. Occurring in such a heavily used section of the city on a holiday weekend, the accident rattled people in the area. The sense of unease was compounded by news media reports, which proved untrue, that the police had shut down the entire   park. Soon after the explosion, officials suggested they believed it was a fireworks experiment gone awry. But no motive or explanation has yet been established. The police have said they do not believe the explosive was placed as a booby trap. Mr. Golden’s family has criticized those characterizations. “We’ve consistently been maintaining that the public has been lulled in the false sense of complacency by early statements by officials,” Kevin Golden, Mr. Golden’s father, said in a telephone interview from Virginia on Friday. The younger Mr. Golden has returned to the University of Miami, where he is a sophomore. He now has a prosthetic leg. His family has been raising money to help defray the medical expenses they incurred because of the injury. Kevin Golden said the family has kept in touch with investigators in New York and that he had been lobbying officials to describe the explosion with more gravity. The announcement that the reward would double, he said, was “at least partially the result of that pressing. ” “We applaud the additional exposure and think it’s a step in the right direction,” he said. “We think that the people in the New York City area should be concerned about the potential causes of that explosion and should come forward with any information. ”",0
6147,What Was the Halloween Death Smog Disaster? And Other Scary Questions and Answers About Fluoridation,"License DMCA 
1. Why do some people object to water fluoridation? Doesn't fluoride occur in the water naturally anyway? 
The fluoride products used in water fluoridation (sodium fluoride or fluorosilicic acid) are classified as hazardous waste products of the fertilizer, aluminum, and nuclear industries. They are even more toxic than naturally-occurring fluoride, since they contain other components, such as arsenic and lead. 
However, even naturally-occurring fluoride, in areas with high concentrations (over 1 ppm) have been found to have extremely adverse health effects. Even before additional fluoride is added, the level of natural fluoride in the water in many areas in the U.S. is already equal to the amount of naturally-occurring fluoride that has been found to cause skeletal fluorosis in other countries. Studies done in India and China found skeletal fluorosis in areas containing naturally occurring fluoride as low as .07 ppm. (Gupta R, Kumar AN, Bandhu S, Gupta S. (2007) Skeletal fluorosis mimicking seronegative arthritis. Scandanavian Journal of Rheumatology 36(2):154-5.) That same amount, .07 pmm is the current amount recommended by the CDC to be added to community water supplies. 
In addition to the natural fluoride in groundwater, most people are exposed to multiple sources of fluoride (pesticides in wine and food, tea, some ceramics, anti-depressants, pollution from manufacturing, soft drinks, Teflon pans, toothpaste etc.). They presumably are being exposed to well over the equivalent of 1 ppm before any fluoride is added to the water, however no industry or government testing has ever been done to find out how much fluoride the public is absorbing from all sources. This massive exposure to fluoride did not exist in the 1950's, when fluoride was first introduced. 
2. Don't all advanced countries fluoridate their water? And hasn't it been proven that countries that do fluoridate their water have better dental health than countries that don't? 
No. Fluoridation has been almost completely abolished in Europe. Recently other countries, such as Israel and many parts of Australia, have discontinued fluoridation. Statistics gathered by the World Health Organization do not show any difference in rates of dental caries in fluoridated vs. non fluoridated countries. (WHO Collaborating Center for Education, Training, and Research in Oral Health, Malmo Univ., Sweden, 2012.) Where fluoridation has been discontinued in communities like Canada, the former East Germany, Cuba and Finland, dental decay has not increased but rather has continued to decrease (Maupome' 2001; Kunzel & Fischer, 1997, 2000; Kunzel 2000; Seppa 2000). 
In the U.S., the state of Kentucky, which has been fluoridating the longest, and has achieved almost complete fluoridation of its water supply, has the worst dental health of any state in the country. From an article appearing in the Lexington Herald Leader (10/14/2009): ""Governor Beshear said Kentucky led the nation in 2004 in terms of the number of people age 65 or older who had lost teeth. About 27 percent of Kentuckians of all ages had lost six or more teeth to decay or gum disease, compared with 18 percent in the rest of the nation."" And yet, in 2004, 99.6% of Kentucky's public water systems were providing fluoridated water to their customers. This ranked Kentucky first among all states."" (Kentucky Epidemiologic Notes and Reports, Vol. 40. No. 8, Dept. of Public Health.) - Advertisement - 
Similar results were reported in Texas: ""After 9 years and $3 million of adding fluoride, research shows tooth decay hasn't dropped among the poorest of Bexar County's children, it has only increased--up 13 percent this year."" (Conger J., 2011, San Antonio: Added to our drinking water: a chemical 'more toxic than lead? ' KENS 5 News.) 
For the best article analyzing the research on fluoridation worldwide, see the article by John Colquhoun, DDS, Phd (former Chief Dental Officer of Auckland, NZ): Why I changed my mind about water fluoridation (Perspectives in Biology and Medicine 41 29-44 1997, University of Chicago Press). Colquhoun studied the effects of fluoridation around the world, with the intention of proving how beneficial it was, but discovered, to his astonishment, that people in countries using fluoridation had the worst teeth. He then began crusading to put an end to the practice. 
Since 1990, 144 cities have rejected water fluoridation. 
3. Where did the idea of fluoridating the water come from? 
Industrialists in the aluminum and nuclear industries were under fire because of the harmful effects of the fluoride waste products being emitted from their plants--animals and people were being sickened for miles around. They hired Edward Bernays, who was the inventor of mass public relations campaigns (Bernays also happened to be the nephew of Sigmund Freud) to convince the American people that putting toxic waste in our water supply was good for us. - Advertisement - 
Bernays had organized a successful campaign, on behalf of Lucky Strike cigarettes, to convince American women that smoking was both glamorous and liberating. He hired models to pose as debutantes in a march for women's rights. When Bernays gave the signal, all the women lit up their cigarettes. Another successful propaganda campaign that he orchestrated was the overthrow of a democratically-elected government in Guatemala on behalf of the United Fruit Company. The Nazis studied and made use of Bernays' techniques for their propaganda programs. (A more in-depth discussion of Bernays' role in the campaign to convince the public to accept fluoridation can be found in the video ""The Fluoride Deception"" at youtube.com, and the book with the same name by Christopher Bryson, Seven Stories Press). 
4. OK, so maybe fluoridation hasn't been proven to be effective in improving dental health, but what harm can it do to add it to our water supply? 
First there is the cost factor. At a time when there is no money for schools, dental treatment for kids, support for the homeless and basic community services, counties are spending millions of dollars to fluoridate the water. Even worse, fluoridation has been associated with increased rates of kidney disease, Alzheimer's, bone cancer, damage to the thyroid, increased bone fractures, hyperactivity, and decreased IQ in children. (See http://www.robertgammal.com/PDFs/SciFactsFluoride.pdf .) 
Although adding hazardous waste to our water is not beneficial to anyone, it is particularly harmful to people with kidney disease (who can't excrete it properly), infants (when mixed with formula it far exceeds the safe amount of fluoride), farmworkers (already exposed to fluoride in pesticides), tea drinkers, people taking anti-depressants, people with low thyroid, and those who have chemical sensitivities. Also adversely affected would be people who drink lots of water such as diabetics, athletes, and manual laborers.",0
6148,"Donald Trump, President Obama, J.K. Rowling: Your Friday Briefing - The New York Times"," (Want to get this briefing by email? Here’s the  .) Good morning. Here’s what you need to know: • Sessions offered attorney general post.   Donald J. Trump has chosen Senator Jeff Sessions of Alabama for the cabinet position. While Mr. Sessions, a close adviser to Mr. Trump, is well liked in the Senate, his record as a federal prosecutor in the 1980s may become an issue for Democrats and civil rights groups. Also today, Representative Mike Pompeo of Kansas was picked to run the C. I. A. He’s a former Army officer who gained prominence during the hearings into the 2012 attack on an American compound in Benghazi, Libya. The news follows a report from a top official who says Mr. Trump has asked Lt. Gen. Michael T. Flynn to be his national security adviser. General Flynn has helped shape the  ’s view that the U. S. is at “world war” with Islamist militants. • More transition news. Mr. Trump is scheduled to meet this weekend with someone who once called him a “phony”: Mitt Romney, the 2012 Republican presidential nominee. The meeting comes as Mr. Trump’s    Jared Kushner, seeks a way to join the administration without violating   laws. • What does “America First” mean? The slogan used by Mr. Trump to describe his philosophy on governing is being put to the test. We look at the challenges the   faces on Iran, North Korea and Syria and in Europe. Separately, Mr. Trump said on Twitter Thursday night that he helped save a Ford plant from leaving for Mexico. The company, though, never planned to move the factory. Meanwhile, President Obama is meeting with European leaders today in Berlin and will then head to Peru for the Asia Pacific Economic Cooperation summit meeting. • A tale of two nations. Our reporters and photographers spent the past week gauging the feelings of Americans. “They returned with a portrait of a country at odds with itself,” our magazine editor says. Our graphics team took a different approach: They created two maps that represent the divide between Republicans and Democrats. • Finding hope after hate. You may have read this week about a recent wave of reports of   attacks. But the violence has been countered by acts of public support and solidarity, as in the case of an Iraqi family in Maryland after they found a threat taped to their door. • Potential agricultural breakthrough. Scientists announced a discovery that could increase the world’s food supply. Using genetic engineering to tinker with photosynthesis, they were able to boost a plant’s productivity as much as 20 percent. One scientist said gains of 50 percent were possible. • Social media’s role in U. S. politics, and the fake news sometimes used to sway voters, is now in the spotlight, but other nations have been dealing with the problem for years. Chatbots releasing false information on Twitter were used to disrupt political discussions in the U. S. a new study found. • In memoriam: Ruth Baron Ziff, 92, a sociologist and trailblazer in the   advertising world of the 1950s. Her work influenced the famous “Please don’t squeeze the Charmin” toilet paper commercials. • Worried about what you can’t control? Our personal finance columnist offers ways to cope with anxieties over the economy and politics. • U. S. stocks were up on Thursday. Here’s a snapshot of global markets. • Chasing pirates on the Amazon. Piracy is a growing menace in South America. Join a police force on a patrol in Brazil. • New at the movies. We review “Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them,” a footnote to the films based on J. K. Rowling’s Harry Potter books. “This time out the wizard isn’t a boy on the verge of manhood but a man idling in boyhood,” our critic writes. Navigating the teenage years is at the heart of “The Edge of Seventeen. ” The comedy, our critic says, “can hold its own” with movies like “Clueless” that have raised the bar for teenage films. • A lost world is found. Archaeologists hit the jackpot this fall in the Black Sea. The discovery of a sunken medieval ship led to finding dozens more shipwrecks off Bulgaria’s coast. “We can expect some real contributions to our understanding of ancient trade routes,” one researcher said. • The American Thanksgiving. The country will celebrate one of its most cherished holidays next week. Fifteen families showed us the dishes they make that speak most eloquently about their traditions. Their stories, our food editor writes, tell “the story of who we are. ” • Recipe of the day. Make tonight a taco night. Try versions with fish or pork. Over the weekend, brush up on how to cook brussels sprouts. Brazil is celebrating an important holiday on Sunday, though it’s one that may be unfamiliar outside the country: Black Consciousness Day. Slavery existed in Brazil until 1888, making it the last country in the Americas to abolish the practice. More than five million slaves were sent to Brazil through the Atlantic trade, compared with about 300, 000 in mainland North America, according to one of the most thoroughly researched academic estimates. Today the nation has more residents of African heritage than any other country outside Africa. The population has historically been underrepresented in government, but a rise in citizens identifying as black or mixed race is helping to chip away at economic and educational inequalities. Black Consciousness Day was established in 2003, featuring the “Freedom Walk”  —   parades around the country meant to show the size of the black population. The date, Nov. 20, was set for the anniversary of the death of Zumbi dos Palmares, one of the great black heroes of the Americas. He led a small kingdom founded by runaway slaves. He was killed by the Portuguese in 1695, after they overran his republic. But the power of his story has only grown as the country embraces its African roots. A researcher with the   Museum in São Paulo sees more progress ahead: “We Brazilian blacks are finally learning to be black. ” _____ Photographs may appear out of order for some readers. Viewing this version of the briefing should help. Your Morning Briefing is published weekdays at 6 a. m. Eastern and updated on the web all morning. What would you like to see here? Contact us at briefing@nytimes. com. You can sign up here to get the briefing delivered to your inbox.",0
6149,"Dump-Trump Talk Returns, but Actually Doing It Won’t Be Easy - The New York Times","WASHINGTON  —   As Republicans try to move past the furor that Donald J. Trump provoked with his attack on a   judge, party leaders are finding themselves in the unpleasant position of asking yet again just how far is too far  —   and what, if anything, they can do to keep Mr. Trump in check. Some lawmakers, senior members of the Republican National Committee and delegates to the party’s convention next month in Cleveland acknowledged in interviews this week that another disruptive   crisis would force the party to begin seriously looking at ways to deny Mr. Trump the nomination. So far, discussions of a renewed   drive have taken place only among the factions of the party that are openly opposed to Mr. Trump, and they have failed to gain much support. But Mr. Trump’s suggestion that Judge Gonzalo P. Curiel’s Mexican heritage should disqualify him from hearing a lawsuit against Trump University has reawakened talk of hatching a convention coup  —   a complicated and nearly impossible measure of last resort that has no precedent in modern Republican politics. Senator Bob Corker of Tennessee, the chairman of the Foreign Relations Committee and one of Mr. Trump’s most unapologetic backers on Capitol Hill, suggested this week that Mr. Trump had “a crucial   or   period” to smooth out his rougher edges or put his nomination in jeopardy. Stopping Mr. Trump at this point could prove additionally difficult, however, because he has quietly filled the most important convention committees  —   those that will determine the rules and platform  —   with delegates loyal to him. Initially seen as not having a strong delegate whip operation, Mr. Trump can now count on about half the seats on the platform and rules committees, according to Republicans who have been tracking delegate selection. This is a major turnaround from two months ago, when Senator Ted Cruz’s campaign was sweeping the delegate contests. Conflicting impulses are at play. Republicans have been reluctant to openly encourage a challenge to Mr. Trump at the convention for fear of hopelessly splitting the party. But they are not discouraging the idea, either, as their patience with Mr. Trump’s erratic and offensive behavior wears thin. A Republican National Committee spokesman declined to comment Thursday on calls to push Mr. Trump aside. The most prominent voice to call for Mr. Trump’s ouster since his attack on Judge Curiel has been that of Hugh Hewitt, a   host who is respected in conservative circles but has no role in the nomination process. On his show Wednesday, Mr. Hewitt advocated opening the convention to let the delegates decide the nominee because ignoring Mr. Trump’s flaws, he said, was like “ignoring Stage IV cancer. ” But the more resigned responses from party leaders like Paul D. Ryan, the speaker of the House, and Mitch McConnell, the Senate majority leader, signaled what many more Republicans have concluded: For better or worse, they are stuck with Mr. Trump. “I think it would tear the party apart if we started changing rules,” said John Whitbeck, the chairman of the Virginia Republican Party and a delegate to the convention. “Our voters have spoken,” he added. Mr. Whitbeck said that he had spoken with aides to Mr. Trump on Wednesday and that they seemed unfazed. “They do not believe that this is something that’s going to have an impact on the race,” he said. “And if they’re correct, we’ll just have to wait until the next controversial thing he says. And there will be other things. This guy just doesn’t care. ” The talk of forcing Mr. Trump from the ticket presumes something many Republicans are so far not willing to concede: That he is a lost cause whose   tendencies will make it impossible for him to beat Hillary Clinton, the presumptive Democratic nominee. Party leaders  —   most notably Reince Priebus, the chairman of the Republican National Committee, and Mr. Ryan, the House speaker  —   have seemed eager to forgive Mr. Trump and move on. Several Republicans said this week that a statement Mr. Trump issued Tuesday afternoon, in which he attempted to explain his remarks about the judge, did buy him some good will. Mr. Preibus, for one, praised Mr. Trump late Tuesday, saying his speech that night amid the uproar over the judge was “exactly the right approach and perfectly delivered. ” Republican leaders are also unwilling to be seen as nullifying the results of a   nominating process in which Mr. Trump received more than 13 million votes, a record for a Republican primary contender. But their reasons may have more to do with simple realism than with lofty principles: For much of the last year, Republican elites have proved incapable of reeling Mr. Trump in, let alone of blocking his path. Once Mr. Trump became the presumptive nominee last month, party officials more or less fell in line. Even Mr. Ryan came around, announcing last week that he would support Mr. Trump  —   just as Mr. Trump, it turned out, was unloading on Judge Curiel. One other obstacle confronts the    “Never Trump” crowd: No candidate of any stature has stepped forward to challenge Mr. Trump at the convention. “Until somebody gets courage, it doesn’t matter,” said Curly Haugland, a member of the convention Rules Committee from North Dakota who has argued that delegates should vote their consciences in Cleveland  —   a position that puts him at odds with the leadership of the Republican National Committee. Without a candidate, Mr. Haugland added, all talk of a contested convention is meaningless. “In order to have a contested convention,” he said, “we need to have contestants. ”",0
6151,Sailing Couple Seized by Somali Pirates in 2008 Are Apparently Abducted Off Philippines - The New York Times,"BERLIN  —   A ship in harbor is safe, but that is not what ships are built for, the old maritime saying goes. A German sailing couple, seized and held for ransom eight years ago by Somali pirates, apparently lived by that rule. A German yachting website reported Monday that the couple appeared to have been abducted again, this time while cruising a dangerous area of the Philippines, by militants of Abu Sayyaf, an insurgent group known for kidnapping and ransoming foreigners. The woman was said to have been killed. The couple, Jürgen Kantner, 70, and his partner, Sabine Merz, have been sailing the oceans for many years aboard their   the Rockall. They were held for 52 days in Somalia in 2008 before their captors freed them, reportedly after a   ransom had been paid. The Philippine media on Monday reported that a German couple had been attacked while sailing in an area of the southern Philippines under the control of Abu Sayyaf. The woman was shot and the man abducted, the reports said. The Philippine Daily Inquirer quoted a spokesman for Abu Sayyaf as saying via telephone that the woman had fired upon them. “Our men shot back and killed her,” he said. The newspaper said that the spokesman had made a man come to the phone and that he had identified himself as Jürgen Kantner. The account quoted him as saying: “Pirates took our boat and they took us. ” In Berlin, the foreign ministry said it was working with Philippine authorities to clarify the situation. “As always in such cases, I would like to be very ” said the ministry spokesman, Martin Schäfer. He stressed that there was no confirmation of the reported killing or the abduction. Uwe Janssen, editor in chief of the German yachting website, Yacht. de, noted the lack of official confirmation but wrote that a photograph released by the Philippine military authorities “is clear: the attacked vessel indeed belongs to Jürgen Kantner. ” The sailboat in the photo is marked Rockall, the same name that was on the vessel captured by the Somalis eight years ago. Mr. Janssen said, “Everything suggests that the two victims” were Mr. Kantner and Ms. Merz. In May 2009, Agence   reported that Mr. Kantner had returned to Somalia after the couple’s abduction and release, and quoted him as vowing to get the Rockall seaworthy once more and to set off for Asia. “Why should I return to Germany, where I have nobody?” he was quoted as saying. “After 32 years on my boat, I have lost all contact with them. ” He acknowledged “that it is a little bit like suicide,” and said he prayed that he would not get captured a second time. In a lengthy interview with the German magazine Yacht after the 2008 abduction, Mr. Kantner and Ms. Merz said they had been captured then while sailing close to the coast of Yemen, and that they had no warning of special danger. They dismissed suggestions that they had courted danger, citing cases of vessels robbed in calmer regions, like the Canary Islands or Corsica.",0
6152,Our Landfill Economy,"Leave a reply Charles Hugh Smith – Correspondent Bart D. (Australia) captured the entire global economy in three words: The Landfill Economy. Stuff is manufactured, energy is consumed shipping it somewhere, consumers buy it and shortly thereafter it ends up as garbage in the landfill. This is of course the definition of “economic growth”: waste, inefficiency, environmental destruction–none of these matter. Only two things matter: maximize “growth” by any means necessary, and maximize profits by any means necessary. The Landfill Economy now encompasses the entire planet. The swirling gyre of plastic trash the size of Texas between Hawaii and California: it’s just one modest example of the planetary trash dump that “growth” and profit generate as byproducts/blowback. The planet’s oceans are one giant trash dump. Everything from plastic water bottles to abandoned fishing nets to radiation to containers that fell off ships is floating around even the most distant corners of the seas. Seabirds nesting in remote islands die of starvation as their guts fill with plastic bits of “permanent growth.” Globalization has turned the planet’s land masses and rivers into trash dumps.Want to make a quick profit along a tropical sea coast? Dig some big holes near the coast, dump in baby prawns, food and chemicals to suppress algae blooms and diseases and then harvest the prawns to ship to the insatiable markets of the developed world. Once the prawn farms are poisoned wastelands, move on and despoil another coastline elsewhere. Globalization has greased the slippery slope from factory to landfill by enabling the global distribution of defective parts. Whether they are pirated, designed to fail or just the result of slipshod quality control, the flood of defective parts guarantee that the entire assembly they are installed in–stoves, vacuum cleaners, transmissions, electronics, you name it–will soon fail and be shipped directly to the landfill, as repairing stuff is far costlier than buying a new replacement. QE/ZIRP Is Crushing the Global Supply Chain, Product Quality and Profits (October 17, 2016) The Keynesian Cargo Cults that rule global economics love The Landfill Economy because it means more “growth”. Never mind the poisoned seas, rivers and land, or the immense waste of energy, commodities and labor that result from the global manufacture and distribution of shoddy products: if it adds to “growth,” it’s all good in the warped view of the Keynesian Cargo Cults. We got your “growth” right here. People are also tossed on the trash heap with careless abandon. The health of workers is a cost that reduces profits, so it’s ignored unless it can be turned into a profit center via state funding for managing preventable diseases, i.e. sickcare. A worker sickened by industrial waste or lifestyle illnesses who becomes a profit center is a wonderful source of “growth” and profits. A worker who can’t generate a corporation or state a profit is dumped on the trash heap as a matter of routine. A worker who can’t generate somebody a profit or “growth” by taking on more debt to spend spend spend is worthless. If a robot or software can do the same work, then it is self-destructive for an enterprise to pay a human worker: if profits fall, Wall Street will crucify the enterprise and competitors will eat it alive. This “maximizing growth and profits is the highest good” mode of production is insane. It doesn’t have to rule the world. As I outline in my book A Radically Beneficial World: Automation, Technology & Creating Jobs for All , other more efficient, sustainable and humane modes of production are within reach if we escape from the global grip of the destructive “growth by any means” cult. Charles Smith is a Contributing Writer for Shift Frequency SF Source Of Two Minds Nov. 2016 Share this:",0
6154,Trump Calls Clinton a Bigot as British ‘Brexit’ Leader Stumps for Him - The New York Times,"JACKSON, Miss.  —   Thousands of miles away from home, in a solidly Republican state, a British populist politician came here on Wednesday to deliver “a message of hope and a message of optimism. ” “You have a fantastic opportunity here,” said Nigel Farage, the outgoing U. K. Independence Party leader in Britain who is credited with leading the Brexit movement months ago. “You can go out, you can beat the pollsters, you can beat the commentators, you can beat Washington, and you’ll do it by doing what we did for Brexit in Britain. ” In a campaign that has staked its reputation on “America First,” the presence of a foreign politician was as unexpected as a Republican presidential candidate campaigning in a deeply conservative state with 11 weeks left in the election, yet Mr. Farage delivered a rousing speech in support of Donald J. Trump, keeping in line with the candidate’s populist message and offering supporters a vision and an example that they can win. He repeatedly referred to how the Brexit vote represented an upstart victory for the “little people,” how his political effort turned out “people who have never voted in their lives” and how “anything is possible if enough decent people are prepared to stand up to the establishment. ” His remarks offered a salve of optimism as Mr. Trump finds himself behind in many national and swing state polls. Mr. Farage pointed out that the Brexit vote had “beat the pollsters” and that it could be done again. For Mr. Trump, who stood just to the side of the lectern as Mr. Farage spoke, repeatedly nodding, smiling and applauding, the Brexit vote presented a parallel for his campaign. “I was very supportive of their right to do it and take control of their own future like exactly what we’re going to be voting for on Nov. 8,” Mr. Trump said, adding, “November is our chance to redeclare American independence. ” Initially, Mr. Farage expressed reticence in directly addressing the politics of the election, noting that he himself had criticized President Obama’s speech in Britain before the Brexit vote. “Having criticized and condemned his behavior, I could not possibly tell you how to vote in this election, but  …    ” he said as he let his voice trail off and the crowd whoop itself into a frenzy. Moments later, he reversed course. “If I was an American citizen, I wouldn’t vote for Hillary Clinton if you paid me,” he said, and urged the crowd to “get your walking boots on” and “get out there campaigning. ” For the rest of the rally, Mr. Trump ran through most of his standard stump speech, repeatedly harping on the immigration plan of Mrs. Clinton and accusing her of playing identity politics and delivering his harshest criticism of the candidate’s relationship with minority voters. “Hillary Clinton is a bigot who sees people of color only as votes, not as human beings worthy of a better future,” Mr. Trump told the crowd. Mr. Trump and Mr. Farage appeared at a   dinner before the rally, where Mr. Trump had said he was brilliant for championing Brexit and remind the crowd that he predicted the victory, according to an attendee at the dinner. Mr. Farage’s presence seemed to offer Mr. Trump living proof of his   clairvoyance, as Mr. Trump constantly says in his speeches that he is “very good at predicting. ” There was the occasional moment at the rally, however, when the declared parallels between the Brexit vote and the Trump campaign seemed to be lost on the crowd. At one point, Mr. Farage ratcheted his voice up with the gusto normally reserved for an applause line. “The big coward,” he shouted, referring to   Minister David Cameron, and attacking him for inviting a “foreign visitor” to London. More silence from the crowd. “Yes, we were visited by one Barack Obama,” he said. The boos rained down.",0
6155,"Arriving in Vietnam, Obama Aims to Lure It Away From China - The New York Times","HANOI, Vietnam  —   President Obama arrived in the steamy capital of Vietnam ahead of schedule on Sunday night to begin three days of meetings in hopes of luring yet another Southeast Asian country away from China’s tight embrace. He was greeted on the tarmac by a young woman in a long yellow dress who handed him a bouquet of flowers. Several   Vietnamese officials shook the president’s hand before he climbed into his limousine for a quick trip to his hotel after nearly 24 hours of travel. Quiet clusters of people on the dark streets watched his motorcade pass. Except for the small groups, the streets seemed to have been completely cleared. Since Air Force One had been scheduled to land after midnight, or about three hours later, the official arrival ceremony with high officials in attendance was postponed until Monday morning. Maybe then Mr. Obama will see the kind of emotional outpouring that greeted President Bill Clinton in 2000, when he became the first United States president to visit the country since the Vietnam War. But it is possible that relations between the two countries have reached a stage that the arrival of an American head of state no longer seems so unusual. Mr. Obama will meet with the country’s newly installed prime minister and president on Monday, then get together with the country’s real power  —   Nguyen Phu Trong, the general secretary of the Communist Party. Mr. Obama’s visit is an important step in a complex dance that Vietnam has carried on with China for centuries. Most of Vietnam’s illustrious historical figures made their reputations by battling Chinese invaders. The population here is deeply nationalistic and   sentiment is visceral. The American War, as it is known here, is mostly forgotten, particularly since half of the population is under 30. Vietnam relies on China for trade, investment and even the water that feeds the vast Mekong Delta, so the leadership knows it can poke the dragon only so much. Indeed, Vietnam had mostly sought to appease China since a brief and bloody war between the countries in 1979, and had shrugged off a series of provocations as China sought in recent years to assert its dominance over the South China Sea, which extends the length of Vietnam’s   coast. But in 2014, China placed a giant   drilling rig to explore for oil and gas right off the Vietnamese coast, and Mr. Trong could not even get his telephone calls to Beijing returned. The confrontation touched off angry protests in Vietnam that led to the deaths of two Chinese and the destruction of Taiwanese and South Korean factories. Since then, Vietnam has stepped up its contacts with the United States. Neither the United States nor Vietnam is ready for a formal alliance, but Vietnam may grant American warships access to its ports, and Washington seems certain at least to widen exceptions to its longtime arms embargo and may end it altogether. Human rights remain a barrier to closer ties.   thugs routinely attack dissidents, and recent protests over a toxic spill that killed vast numbers of fish led to beatings and arrests by the police. While the country does have elections  —   polling places were packed Sunday for a parliamentary election  —   candidates must be approved by the Communist Party. Mr. Obama plans to meet with some dissidents and civil society leaders on Tuesday before making a speech. Brad Adams, the Asia director at Human Rights Watch, suggested that the president “should start by calling for the right of all people to stand for election, voice critical views of government, associate with others and freely choose candidates. ” American help in reforming Vietnam’s economy is also high on the agenda for leaders of both countries. While Vietnam has grown robustly  —   the transformation of this city’s airport and skyline over the past two decades is astonishing  —   the country remains saddled with a bloated state sector that dominates telecommunications and other crucial parts of the economy, and reliance on   manufacturing that will be increasingly difficult to sustain as the country prospers. Widespread corruption undermines economic growth government officials with modest salaries can be seen touring the countryside in expensive European automobiles. There are keen hopes here that the   Partnership, a trade agreement with the United States and 10 other countries, will provide a huge boost. The World Bank estimated that Vietnam would gain the most from the agreement, adding 10 percent to its economic growth by 2030 through increased sales from its textiles and apparel industries. Vietnam is the only developing country in the   pact, and it had to make major concessions on issues like allowing independent labor unions and ensuring environmental compliance. “Vietnam has agreed to allow independent unions that can control their own finances, elect their own leaders, conduct strikes, affiliate as they wish, get assistance from outside labor organizations,” the United States trade representative, Michael Froman, said in a briefing. There is some debate about whether the promised changes are transformational or just cosmetic, but the government took a risk in promising to make them and is now dismayed to see that the pact has little chance of passing Congress anytime soon. Still, innovation incubators, technology   and a focus on small and   companies are now all the rage among development agencies and government officials. Mr. Obama intends to address attendees at an entrepreneurship event on Tuesday afternoon in Ho Chi Minh City.",0
6156,"James Bond wouldn’t make the grade in modern MI6, says Britain’s top spy","James Bond wouldn’t make the grade in modern MI6, says Britain’s top... James Bond wouldn’t make the grade in modern MI6, says Britain’s top spy By 0 41 
Fictional super-spy James Bond’s lack of a moral compass would quickly rule him out of the intelligence services today, the head of MI6 said in a rare public statement. 
In a question-and-answer session for the Black History Month website, spy chief Alex Younger said 007’s lack of an ethical core would have seen him rejected from training. 
“ We know that if we undermine British values, even in the name of defending them, then we have failed. Our staff are not from another planet ,” Younger said. 
“ They are ordinary men and women operating in the face of complex moral, ethical and physical challenges, often in the most forbidding environments on Earth .” 
Read more 
“ In contrast to James Bond, MI6 officers are not for taking moral shortcuts. In fact, a strong ethical core is one of the first qualities we look for in our staff, ” he added. 
Younger insisted that Bond’s erratic individualism would certainly have rendered him unable to “get through our recruitment process.” 
“ Whilst we share his qualities of patriotism, energy and tenacity, an intelligence officer in the real MI6 has a high degree of emotional intelligence, values teamwork and always has respect for the law… unlike Mr. Bond, ” Younger said. 
Some, however, would contest claims that MI6 is a bastion of ethical conduct, not least during the UK’s heavy involvement in kidnap and torture in the post-9/11 world. 
A Libyan kidnapped and delivered to the Libyan regime for torture recently questioned the commitment to morality of a previous MI6 head. 
In July, Abdul Hakim Belhaj said former MI6 chief Mark Allen was mistaken if he thinks a recent article he wrote for a Christian magazine means his “account is settled with God.” 
In 2004, Abdul Hakim Belhaj was kidnapped in Hong Kong with British complicity, along with his pregnant wife, and rendered back to his native Libya. He was then held and tortured by the regime of Colonel Muammar Gaddafi for six years. 
A note faxed from Allen to the Libyan authorities told the regime’s spy chief Moussa Koussa: “ I congratulate you on the safe arrival of… the air cargo. ” 
On August 4, a day before the Crown Prosecution Service (CPS) decided it would not press charges against Allen, the ex-spook published a piece in the Catholic Herald on “ Christian ” approaches to terrorism. 
Belhaj’s response, which had been offered to the Herald, was published on the website of the Reprieve human rights charity. 
“ His words on the power of faith to see us through bloodshed are too rich to swallow, ” the torture victim wrote in reference to the now infamous ‘ air cargo ’ fax. 
Via RT . This piece was reprinted by RINF Alternative News with permission or license.",0
6157,Investigators Horrified At What Was Left Behind In Hillary’s Hotel Room,"Investigators Horrified At What Was Left Behind In Hillary’s Hotel Room Posted on November 1, 2016 by Amanda Shea in Politics Share This Hillary Clinton (left), Huma Abedin with Hillary (right) 
Having gotten away with so much for so long, Hillary Clinton and her inner circle became careless in covering their trail, perhaps because they were confident about not getting caught. However, that’s all coming back to haunt them as investigators uncovered what Hillary left behind in her hotel room which should disqualify her from the presidential race. 
Since the start of the re-investigation into Hillary’s emails and supposedly disappearing server, a slew of secrets have trickled out that leaves one to wonder how they were missed in the first place. It’s recently been discovered what was found in her hotel room on a 2010 trip to Beijing, China, and it could result in dire consequences for our country. 
Fox News reported that when then-Secretary of State Hillary Clinton traveled to the orient with an unnamed “senior aide” six years ago, they brought classified information with them. As prior investigations into her e-mails have proved, tipsy Hillary has a hard time keeping track of highly sensitive documents, and these in China were apparently no different. The unidentified aide, whose job it is to manage these things, left the information unsecured in the hotel room. 
“In May 2010, Secretary Clinton was on official travel in Beijing, China, accompanied by senior staff. Upon Secretary Clinton’s departure, a routine security sweep by Diplomatic Security agents identified classified documents in a staff member’s suite,” State Department spokesman John Kirby told Fox News in a statement. 
Confirmation of this mishandling comes out now as Hillary herself and her longtime senior aide, Huma Abedin, are being investigated for mishandling of sensitive information on a private server that she wasn’t supposed to have. Although it’s a matter of national security, Clinton and her crack squad can’t seem to be trusted with anything of importance that puts our nation in jeopardy. 
For this reason, Hillary Clinton shouldn’t even be considered for the White House where she would have full access to nuclear codes. Ironically, she said Donald Trump couldn’t be trusted with these, yet he’s not the one with thousands of “lost” emails and classified documents left in a hotel room overseas.",0
6158,The Militarized Police at Standing Rock is Working for This Man,"The Militarized Police at Standing Rock is Working for This Man The months long Dakota Access Keystone XL pipleine protest at the Standing Rock Indian Reservation ... Print Email http://humansarefree.com/2016/10/the-militarized-police-at-standing-rock.html The months long Dakota Access Keystone XL pipleine protest at the Standing Rock Indian Reservation by Native Americans and those sympathetic to protection of our water supply has been met with heavy-handed and brutal clamp down by police and national guard. Militarized goons in battle dress have stormed protector camps with LRAD sonic weapons, attack dogs , tear gas, tazers , and even live ammunition ( killing horses ), while politicians and mainstream media do their best to ignore this growing atrocity, hoping to wait it out until the protestors give up. But, as the saying goes, Water Is Life , and the issue of life and death is at the root of this protection movement, therefore, for people concerned with life, giving up on this is simply unthinkable. The root issue justifying state oppression of the protest is capitalism, and the perception that money is more important than life itself.When the police and national guard attack U.S. citizens on private property to protect corporate interests, who are they really working for? The corporate dream of the Keystone XL pipeline is to create a profit stream for a small number of people at the expense of the natural world and anyone in the way. At the top of this pyramid of profit is Texas billionaire Kelcy Warren, CEO of Energy Transfer Partners, the company responsible for the project. So who is Kelcy Warren? A native of East Texas and graduate of the University of Texas at Arlington with a degree in civil engineering, Warren worked in the natural gas industry and became co-chair of Energy Transfer Equity in 2007. With business partner Ray Davis, co-owner of the Texas Rangers baseball team, Warren built Energy Transfer Equity into one of the nation’s largest pipeline companies, which now owns about 71,000 miles of pipelines carrying natural gas, natural gas liquids, refined products and crude oil. The company’s holdings include Sunoco, Southern Union and Regency Energy Partners. Forbes estimates the 60-year-old Warren’s personal wealth at $4 billion. Bloomberg described him as “among America’s new shale tycoons”— but rather than building a fortune by drilling he “takes the stuff others pull from underground and moves it from one place to another, chilling, boiling, pressurizing, and processing it until it’s worth more than when it burst from the wellhead.” [ Ref. ] Shockingly, in 2015 the governor of Texas, Greg Abbott, appointed Warren to the Texas Parks and Wildlife Commission which is an insult to environmentalists working to protect Big Bend National Park and surrounding sacred tribal lands from another $770 million pipeline project .“According to the governor’s office, the state parks and wildlife commission “manages and conserves the natural and cultural resources of Texas,” along with ensuring the future of hunting, fishing and outdoor recreation opportunities for Texans.” [ Ref. ] This glaring conflict of interest has inspired Environmental Science major at UTSA and former Texas State Park Ambassador Andrew Lucas to begin a drive to have Warren removed from this environmental post. His petition is described here : Most people may know Kelcy Warren as the man behind the controversial Dakota Access Pipeline. The Dallas-based billionaire and CEO of Energy Transfer Partners has been making headlines for fast-tracking a 1100 mile crude oil pipeline across the Midwest and under the Missouri River, just north of the Standing Rock Sioux Reservation. No environmental impact assessment, no respect for cultural sites, and no regard for the local and widespread communities living along the river. A similar story is unfolding out in West Texas, where Warren’s company has split through the pristine Big Bend region with the 200 mile Comanche Trail Pipeline and nearly-complete 143 mile Trans Pecos Pipeline. These Pipelines mark the way for massive natural gas and oil developments in the Trans Pecos region. With untold damages unfolding for cultural and environmental resources at the hands of Energy Transfer Partners, it would surprise most to know that nearly a year ago, Texas Governor Greg Abbott appointed Kelcy Warren for a 6 year term as 1 of the 10 commissioners who preside over Texas Parks And Wildlife… Why? Probably the $550,000 in campaign contributions Abbott received from Warren. ( Read More… ) Footage of militarized police using the Long Range Acoustic Device ( LRAD ) crowd control weapon against protectors at standing rock on October 27th, 2016: Final Thoughts Warren is listed as number 150 on Forbes list of wealthiest Americans with an estimated net worth of $4.2 billion in September of 2016. He is the head of the Dakota Access Pipeline snake. If you are scratching your head wondering why militarized police and private security contractors are beating, gassing and attacking peaceful resistors, including women, children and the elderly, the answer is, they are doing it to protect the interests of Kelcy Warren and others invested in this pipeline project. By Isaac Davis, Waking Times About the author: Isaac Davis is a staff writer for WakingTimes.com and OffgridOutpost.com Survival Tips blog. He is an outspoken advocate of liberty and of a voluntary society. He is an avid reader of history and passionate about becoming self-sufficient to break free of the control matrix. Follow him on Facebook, here . Dear Friends, HumansAreFree is and will always be free to access and use. If you appreciate my work, please help me continue. 
Stay updated via Email Newsletter: Related",0
6159,Battles for Senate Lead to ‘Precipitous Rise’ in Cloaked Money Spending,"Battles for Senate Lead to ‘Precipitous Rise’ in Cloaked Money Spending   Deirdre Fulton / Common Dreams Hey, big spender: The battle for one of Pennsylvania’s seats in the Senate pits Republican incumbent Pat Toomey (pictured) against Democratic opponent Katie McGinty in a race edging close to the record for total spending on a campaign for Congress. (Gage Skidmore / Flickr / CC-BY-SA) 
“We have truly crossed a new Rubicon,” one campaign finance expert says in response to new data showing record levels of outside spending pouring into high-stakes Senate races this election cycle. 
According to an analysis released Tuesday by the Brennan Center for Justice at NYU School of Law, outside groups—free from contribution limits and sometimes able to conceal their donors from the public—are outspending both political parties and candidates “in the battle for control of the U.S. Senate.” 
In fact, of the $557 million spent so far in 10 key Senate contests, the Brennan Center says such groups are responsible for $282 million, or 51 percent. Further, in each of the four most expensive contests—Nevada, New Hampshire, Ohio, and Pennsylvania—candidates account for 37 percent or less of total spending. 
Advertisement Square, Site wide 
“This may be a new high for non-party outside spending, although direct comparisons to past cycles are hindered by a lack of available data,” the report states . 
Brennan Center 
The analysis takes into account “shadow party groups—super PACs and nonprofits run by former top staff of party committees or party leaders and able to mimic party spending strategy—as nonparty outside groups,” the Brennan Center explains. “This is because these groups, despite being controlled to some degree by the parties, take unlimited contributions and sometimes hide their donors. That the parties are increasingly outsourcing their finances to unregulated shadow parties severely weakens the campaign finance system’s protections against corruption and undue influence.” 
Among the report’s other notable findings: 
● GOP winning outside money battle: Nearly 60 percent of the money spent so far in top Senate races supports GOP candidates, a reversal from 2014. Dark money spending, from groups that conceal their donors, favors GOP candidates six to one. 
● Dark money spending is highly concentrated: Just three groups, One Nation, with ties to Republican Majority Leader Mitch McConnell; the Koch network’s Americans for Prosperity; and the U.S. Chamber of Commerce, account for 67 percent of all dark money spending. 
“The precipitous rise of outside groups is problematic for a few reasons,” said study author Ian Vandewalker, counsel in the Brennan Center’s democracy program. 
“Unlike the parties and candidates, they are free to accept donations of unlimited size and can conceal their funders from the public,” he continued. “So the bigger a role they play in an election, the more political power is concentrated in the hands of a few million-dollar funders and professional political operatives, with a consequent loss in power for the millions of Americans who can’t afford jumbo donations. While this problem was created in part by 2010’s Citizens United decision , the 2016 data shows we have truly crossed a new Rubicon.” 
To snatch back some of that power, the Brennan Center calls for the U.S. Supreme Court to reverse its damaging decision in Citizens United; for stronger rules against coordination between candidates and outside groups; for improved disclosure and transparency laws; and “most fundamentally” for a public campaign financing system to “provide an alternative to the incentives to chase bigger and bigger checks that currently drive political spending, allowing candidates to fund competitive campaigns without relying on the wealthiest donors.” 
Two such public financing systems are on statewide ballots this November. TAGS:",0
6160,8 Ways To Forge Strength Through Challenges,"  8 Ways To Forge Strength Through Challenges 8 Ways To Forge Strength Through Challenges 
Corey is an aspiring iconoclast. He believes that the key to life is for men to honour their primal nature. 
Learn more about his views at theprimalmale.com You can also follow him on Twitter . November 14, 2016 Mind 
We, modern men, need to constantly improve ourselves in a hostile world like ours that tries to debase us. While the lesser “men” embrace weakness and degeneracy, we must embrace strength and discipline. While whiners complain about how unfair the world is and how it’s better to just disengage, we must engage the world with greater willpower and defeat our enemies. Towards this end, I propose that we become both resilient and antifragile in every way possible. 
The following are ways you can turn a seemingly negative circumstances into strengths. 1. Stress 
Although stress has been maligned as the plague of the modern world that wrecks our mental and physical health, the way you perceive it makes a profound difference on how it affects you. New studies have shown that those who see stress as being toxic suffered damaging health effects while who saw it as being helpful were able to turn it into a source of energy to push them through their challenges. 
So, next time you feel stressed from whatever trouble you may be facing, remember that it is your friend. You must reframe the sensation and believe that it’s your body trying to help you. By changing how you processes stress, you can use it to succeed in life. 2. Obstacles Your response to obstacles reveal the kind of man you really are. 
Whatever obstacles you may face in your endeavors, you have two choices: become frustrated and discouraged by it, or see it as an opportunity to grow stronger. Like stress, it’s the weaker man’s inclination to view an obstacle as a confirmation of his own helplessness, but you must do better and face up to whatever gets in your way. Use every occasion to grow stronger from your obstacles and if you aren’t facing enough of them in your life, you need to get out and start doing more things. 
How you deal with obstacle will show your true nature as a man for the world to see. So, don’t pussy out or moan about what you must overcome; instead, be determined to rise above it. Your honor is at stake. 3. Failures 
Failures are inevitable in life. Although you should always try your best to succeed, you shouldn’t be afraid to fail either. Just as with obstacles, view every instance of failure as an opportunity to learn and adapt. It’s not failure itself that is bad, but not learning from it or giving up so easily. Remember: winners don’t quit; they try to do better. 4. Rejection 
Rejection is a specific kind of failure that is often the most painful of them all. It’s especially difficult because it’s often unclear whether it was actually your fault or not. I would say that it’s best to assume full responsibility for all the rejections you face and see what area you can improve to better increase your chance next time. As long as you’re willing to learn and as long as you’re willing to try again, you will grow. Master rejections and you’ll be placing yourself far above other men. 5. Physical Discomfort This is why Russians are so tough. 
It’s well known that the human body is designed to be anti-fragile. Your bones get thicker with every blow and your skin gets tougher with every scrap. Pain and discomfort of all sorts also become more bearable the more you expose yourself to them. The more harshness you endure, the stronger you become over time. But inversely, the more comfortable you are, the softer you turn and the weaker you get. 
One simple method you can implement to become more healthy and energized is to start taking cold showers. The benefits of doing it are many, including: stronger immune system, enhanced mood and energy, better circulation, boost in testosterone level, and so on. If you are having trouble getting started, start by doing just 30 seconds at the end of your usual warm shower and go from there. You want to train yourself until you can comfortably stand under the coldest water for at least five minutes. 6. Fear 
You can’t really turn fear itself into a positive, but the process of conquering your fears can have a transformative effect on your life. Some of the proudest, most exciting, and memorable moments of my life were when I defied fears by doing a presentation in front of hundreds of people (I had a terrible stage-fright), going rock climbing (I have a terrible fear of heights), and traveling for the first time by myself to a foreign country. 
One thing you can do to completely turn your life around is to do what this man did and make a list of all the fears that you wish to defeat. Write them down in an order from the least fearful to the most and start knocking them down one by one. It’s impossible not to become a better man once you conquer them all. 7. Anger 
Like fear, anger is not something you can transform into a positive trait (I’ve heard of people “transmutating” their anger to re-channel the energy into other activities, but I’ve never had it work that way). However, it is a good focal point to master your mind to become more stoic. It can also serve as your area of focus if you practice meditation. 
No matter how unpleasant, your anger will teach you a lot about yourself and only if you allow it. It will reveal your weaknesses, insecurities, and any other areas of your life in need of improvement. As one of the most base and primal of human emotions, you shouldn’t just shirk it as something that is unneeded; instead, make it your friend. 8. Negativity And Pessimism 
For the longest time, I felt guilty about being “so negative” because I was constantly told by everyone else that it was a bad thing. Smile, they said; think positively, they said; your life will improve, they said. I was constantly berated for not being part of the North American positivity cult. It’s no wonder why people there tend to say that they’re doing “great” even when they’re feeling like shit (a habit I have yet to fix). 
But in contrary to the long held belief that positive thinking and attitude gives you a better life, studies have shown just the opposite: Forced positivity can actually harm you . For some people (like me) positive thinking backfires and makes things worse. Also, bad-tempered people who are pessimists have been shown to enjoy more successful marriages, be healthier, live longer, be better at negotiating, and more successful overall in life. So, if you’re a natural grouch like me, it’s time to embrace who you are and tell the fake-ass, positivity people to shove it. Conclusion 
The road to self-improvement is an ugly and a bumpy one. I honestly can’t say that I enjoy it. But no matter what, I know that it is a necessary part of being a man. I can’t imagine myself not trying to be better in spite of all the difficulties. I refuse to live a life of complacency. Some people mock and insult our efforts , but know that their opinions don’t matter. Lesser men have no say on what it means to live. So, fight on and prosper, for this is your one and only life.",0
6161,JewTube Shuts Down Bill Clinton’s Black Son Danny Williams,"JewTube Shuts Down Bill Clinton’s Black Son Danny Williams 
Andrew Anglin Daily Stormer October 27, 2016 
The filthy Christ-killing Jews who run YouTube have shut down the account of Bill Clinton’s Black son Danney Williams AKA America’s Favorite Clinton AKA The Greatest Clinton Generation AKA The Good Clinton AKA D’Jamal Clinton AKA My Favorite Black Guy. 
Seriously. 
WND : 
YouTube on Wednesday suspended the account of Danney Williams, the 30-year-old man who has claimed since the 1990s to be the black son of former President Bill Clinton. 
YouTube, citing ârepeated or severe violations of our Terms of Use and/or Community Guidelines,â declared the account âcannot be restored.â 
The YouTube decision blocked the nine-minute feature âBANISHED â The Untold Story of Danney Williams,â which had received 1.2 million views since Williams posted it last week. Produced by filmmaker Joel Gilbert, it drew nearly 100,000 views per day and more than 1,000 viewer comments, with the overwhelming majority expressing support for Williams and outrage at the Clintons for not being willing to allow a DNA test to determine paternity. 
Like the reporting you see here? Sign up for free news alerts from WND.com, Americaâs independent news network. 
âMy YouTube account has been deleted, but the same video appears in 50 other places on YouTube alone,â Williams said on his Facebook page after being notified of YouTubeâs decision. â[YouTube] canât handle the truth! Please share #BillClintonSon.â 
Twitter also continues to allow Williams to post the âBanishedâ video on Danney Williamsâ page, but the Twitter link to YouTube displays the message: âThis video is no longer available because the YouTube account associated with this video has been terminated. Sorry about that.â 
This young lad has bravely come out and confronted his evil father who won’t even give him any money. The media has attacked him as a Trump plant. 
Danney has been raising kids since he was 16. He needs money. His kids need money. But old grandpa Bill the rapist won’t give a cent. 
The least Bill could do is dip into his quarter-billion dollar fortune and buy these Black grandkids some friggin bikes. I mean come on. 
Here’s the video. 
I highly recommend this video. It is a fantastic voyage with great music. 
Make sure to download it and reupload it for when this copy gets shoah’d. 
Alex Jones also interviewed him recently and his Vegas press conference was spectacular. 
Danney Clinton should be running for President. At least he’s a good person. He raises his own kids and takes them to church. 
When Trump is in control and Bill and Hillary are in prison, Danney should be given control of the Clinton Foundation. And least then his kids can get bikes. 
Follow Danney on Twitter and support him.",0
6162,"A Haircut for French Taxpayers? Hollande’s $10,000-a-Month Stylist Is Revealed - The New York Times","PARIS  —   As heads of state go, this one appears to be quite expensive. The investigative and satirical newspaper Le Canard Enchaîné reported on Wednesday that President François Hollande’s personal hairdresser has been paid 9, 895 euros  —   over $10, 000  —   per month since Mr. Hollande was elected in 2012, about the same amount as a government minister’s salary. The report is especially jarring for Mr. Hollande, 61, a Socialist who campaigned on the promise that he would be a “normal” and exemplary president but who has seen his private life spill into the open on several occasions. It would be hard for Mr. Hollande to be less popular. His approval ratings, while receiving a bump from the Euro 2016 soccer tournament, have been persistently low. He has been forced to agree to a primary among   parties, including his own Socialists, to settle on a candidate for president next year  —   a first for a sitting president. Mr. Hollande has not managed to deliver on his promise to significantly lower unemployment, especially among young people. His government has faced months of street protests over an unpopular bill to loosen France’s rigid labor laws. And he faces a potential challenge from his economy minister, Emmanuel Macron, who has hinted that he may run for president next year. The new controversy  —   the hashtag #CoiffeurGate, “coiffeur” being French for hairdresser, was a trending topic on Twitter on Wednesday  —   could contribute to the image as a president who is out of touch. Mr. Hollande is certainly not the first politician to encounter problems with hairdressing. In 1993, two of Los Angeles International Airport’s runways were shut for nearly an hour so that President Bill Clinton’s Beverly Hills hairstylist could come aboard Air Force One to give him a haircut. In 2007, John Edwards, a former senator, had to reimburse his presidential campaign $800 to cover the cost of two haircuts. The Republican   nominee Sarah Palin spent tens of thousands of dollars on hair and makeup in the homestretch of her 2008 campaign. In France, opposition   and   parties were, unsurprisingly, critical of Mr. Hollande, and while reactions in his own party were more muted, some struck a harsher tone. “That’s a lot of money for a hairdresser, and for the French in general,” Thierry Mandon, the junior minister for higher education and research,  told the LCP news channel. “For many people in France that really, really, really is a lot of money. ” Still, the revelations have yet to morph into a   political scandal in France, where the financial excesses or abuses of politicians are sometimes met with a shrug. On Twitter, French observers expressed a mixture of amusement and outrage. “When my 2, 600 euros of income tax represent one week of the hairdresser’s salary #CoiffeurGate #shameful,” one user wrote. “#CoiffeurGate  —   ah, now I finally understand the expression ‘budgetary cuts,’” mused another. Some photoshopped royal wigs, mullets or toupées onto the French president’s sparsely adorned head. The hairdresser, identified by Le Canard Enchaîné only as Olivier B. was first mentioned in a book by two French journalists published in April that aimed to give a    look at the Élysée Palace, the presidential residence. The book identified the hairdresser as Olivier Benhamou, and said that his monthly salary was 8, 000 euros. When the tabloid magazine Closer wrote an article using that information, Mr. Benhamou sued them that case is pending. The work contract Mr. Benhamou signed with the Élysée Palace was recently introduced as evidence in a French court as part of that case, and was obtained by Le Canard Enchaîné, which used it as the basis of its report. The contract was signed by Mr. Hollande’s former chief of staff. It is unclear whether Mr. Hollande knew how much the hairdresser is paid. On Wednesday evening, Valérie Trierweiler, Mr. Hollande’s former companion, wrote on Twitter: “Let’s be fair: F. Hollande was not aware of the hairdresser’s salary. I can attest to his anger when he learned about it later. ” The Élysée Palace confirmed the report, telling Le Canard Enchaîné that Mr. Benhamou started his days very early and that “he redoes the president’s hair every morning and as much as needed, for each public statement. ” A 2015 report by the Cour des Comptes, the French organization that conducts financial audits of the state and other public institutions, found that personnel spending at the Élysée Palace in 2014  —   68. 2 million euros, out of the palace’s overall budget of 100 million euros  —   had fallen by 1. 6 percent from the previous year and that staff numbers had been cut.",0
6163,U.S. Wrestlers Find They Have Passionate Fans in Iran - The New York Times,"IMAM KHOMEINI AIRPORT, Iran  —   When the United States wrestling team arrived at 3 a. m. on Saturday at an airport hotel outside Iran’s capital, Tehran, staff members ordered out for pizza. “We were all over the lobby, eating out of the boxes,” said Rich Bender, the executive director of Team USA. The wrestlers had just flown in from the western Iranian city of Kermanshah, where the team lost the Freestyle Wrestling World Cup to Iran, in a series of thrilling matches. At a time of increasing tension between the countries, how were the athletes received and what did they think about Iran? Kyle Snyder, an Olympic gold medalist, said his mother had been a bit worried when he told her he would travel to Iran. But he said the team was welcomed with nothing but friendliness. “They gave us roses at the airport, brought our bags, everyone wanted to take selfies with us,” Mr. Snyder said. “This was the best tournament I have ever participated in, even better than the Olympics in Rio. ” Later on Saturday, during a sightseeing trip, the wrestling team took to the landmark Milad Tower in Tehran, and excited Iranians took pictures of the team. Jordan Burroughs, an Olympic champion, said he has more fans in Iran’s capital “than from any other city. ” For a time, it had seemed the American wrestlers would be forced to stay home. After President Trump announced that Iran would be included in a travel ban, the country decided it would reciprocate by barring the team. But the Iranian authorities changed their minds after seeing numerous protests in the United States against the ban. Mr. Burroughs said that he was disappointed when he heard of the issues with the travel ban. “I don’t necessarily agree with all decisions by my government, and clearly not with this one,” he said of the   order barring travel by Iranians and citizens of six other predominantly Muslim countries to the United States. “I have never been affected by terror, but here in Iran, I have never felt any ill will toward me  —   the opposite actually. ” Iranian fans cheered the American wrestlers during matches against competitors from Azerbaijan, Russia and Georgia. “They were just screaming Jordan, Jordan, all the time,” said Bill Zadick, the team’s head coach, about Mr. Burroughs. “Jordan has defeated some of their heroes in key matches in the past, so they look up to him. ” Mr. Bender has accompanied the team on four trips to Iran. “We never had issues, as I recall,” he said. American wrestlers did not make their first trip back to Iran after the 1979 revolution until 1998. But since then, they have visited the country more than a dozen times. Wrestling can be a highly emotional sport, Mr. Bender said, but the athletes realize they are viewed as ambassadors of their country. “This is a highly competitive, mano a mano sport,” Mr. Bender said. “Sometimes people get poked in the eye. People can get angry. So we stress that here it is extra important to keep your posture, shake hands. Luckily, all the guys understand they represent the U. S. on and off the mat. ” Iran’s wrestling federation sent a former wrestler to the hotel to protect the team members in case someone might not be a fan. But there, as during the event in Kermanshah, all of the Iranians they met were all smiles. It was hard to believe, someone said, that Iran is  . “Is it true there is a mural in the city center that says ‘death to America’?” Mr. Bender wanted to know. “Because I haven’t noticed any of that. ”",0
6164,Neil Young Celebrates His 71st Birthday By Performing At Standing Rock,"By Amanda Froelich The rock legend’s latest song, Indian Givers, is about the pipeline and seeks to raise awareness about the Native water protectors in North Dakota. Since Donald Trump won the... ",0
6165,MP in Trouble for Telling the Truth,"About the EU and NATO . (Thanks to Daniel McAdams) 12:29 pm on October 28, 2016",0
6166,"Robert De Niro: Trump Is a Bully, We Have to ’Bully’ Him Back - Breitbart","Friday on ABC’s “The View,” discussing his 2016 election video saying he would like to punch then presidential candidate Donald Trump “in the face,” actor Robert De Niro said “of course” he wanted “to punch him in the face,” but added it was “only a symbolic” because he said “when people are bullies” that’s what you have to do, “bully them back. ”  De Niro said, “I said that because he said that about somebody, that he would like to punch them in the face. How dare he say that to the crowd. How dare he say the things he does. Of course I want to punch him the face. ” He continued, “It was only a symbolic thing anyway. It wasn’t like I was going to go find him and punch him in the face, but he’s got to hear it. He’s got to hear it that, you know, that’s what he makes people feel. It’s not good to feel that way. It’s not to start that stuff up, but at the same time sometimes when people are bullies like that, that’s what you have to do to shut them up  …    . Bully them back. ” “When you have people going in there just to win, it’s not about winning. It’s about what’s right for the country, the people. And we hear a lot of lip service about that and even from Trump. He added,”But now is the time to see what he’s going to do. So far it doesn’t look good” Follow Pam Key on Twitter @pamkeyNEN",0
6167,The Tomb of Jesus Revealed,"It has been 1,700 years since Emperor Constantine built the Church of the Holy Sepulcher, where the tomb of Jesus was revealed. The emperor believed Joseph of Arimathea placed the body of Jesus inside the church, according to CBN News.
Workmen, under the watchful eye of The National Geographic, have gently removed the marble slab that laid on top of the tomb. This heavy piece of marble has laid on the tomb of Jesus since 1555 A.D. Fredrik Hiebert, a National Geographic archeologist-in-residence, said he was profoundly astonished by the find.
The Tomb of Jesus Hours of examination of the tomb of Jesus led the team of researchers to announce their revelations. Hiebert says, they are not 100 percent sure, but it appears the location of the tomb has not shifted. He also said that scientists and historians have wondered this for decades.
The tomb of Jesus revealed a layer of fill material. After hours of labor, workers exposed an entirely different marble slab with a cross carved into it. Workers also found, in the tomb of Jesus, three crosses and some iron nails. After high anticipation, of those watching, they finally uncovered what they believe is the original limestone burial bed of Christ .
Christian tradition states that the body of Jesus Christ laid on a shelf, or burial bed, carved into the side of a limestone cave. This happened after the Romans crucified him, around 30-33 A.D. According to Christian faith, Jesus was resurrected after his death. As the story goes, a woman who went to anoint Jesus’ body, three days after he was buried, said there were no remains in the tomb.
In the Gospel of John, 19:38-42, it is written that Joseph of Arimathea, a disciple of Jesus, asked Pilate if he could take the body of Jesus away. He was given permission and took Jesus’ body.
Nicodemus brought a mixture of myrrh and aloes. He brought about 100 pounds of them. They both took the body of Jesus and bound him in linen covered in spices; this was a custom of the Jews. A garden grew in the place where he was crucified. The tomb sat in the garden no one had yet laid in. This is where John and Nicodemus placed the body of Jesus Christ.
Restoring the Tomb
Scientists from the National Technical University of Athens are trying to repair a structure that protects the tomb of Jesus called Edicule. This is from the Latin word, aedicule that means little house . The last dated work to the structure was between 1808-10.
In the 19th-century, Edicule suffered structural integrity, from an earthquake, in 1927. The building was shored up, in 1947, by the British authorities. Lack of financial resources and difficulties had put a stop to the repairs.
Antonia Moropoulou, the leader of the restoration project, said they will have to remove the marble and stone slabs. She went on to say they will also inject grout into them. This process will homogenize the complex structure.
People working on the project say that it is more than just a job. Vasyleyos Zafeylys, a Greek civil engineer, says he is a Christian Orthodox. He also said, he has worked on projects like this, but this is a special one. He believes he cannot go to another project that will be bigger and better than this one. Moropoulou said, it is a collaborative effort, but everyone near the archeological find feels the value of the holy tomb giving the resurrection message.
The churches’ communities agreed to restore the church, in March of 2016. Completion of Edicule is scheduled for spring of 2017. The $4 million-plus project has major backers such as royal benefactors from King Abdullah II of Jordan. Mica Ertegun gifted $1.3 million to the World Monument Fund in support of the endeavor.
By Tracy Blake
Edited by Jeanette Smith
Sources:
CBN News: What Researchers Found in the Tomb of Jesus
Live Science: Original Bedrock of Jesus’ Tomb Revealed in New Images
National Geographic: Exclusive: Christ’s Burial Place Exposed for First Time in Centuries
Image Courtesy of Seetheholyland.net’s Flickr Page – Creative Commons License
Inline Image Courtesy of Ft Lawrence, Lew O.P.’s Flickr Page – Creative Common License spot , Tomb of Jesus",0
6168,Freedom Rider: Obama’s Hollow Legacy | Black Agenda Report,"2016 presidential campaign by BAR editor and senior columnist Margaret Kimberley 
Democrats used to value things like global peace and justice in the workplace. But, for decades they have given their votes to warmongers and job-exporters. This week, they are mourning the defeat of a politician they once would have despised. In January, lots of Black Democrats will cry over the exit of a president who “won by making himself palatable to white people while also taking advantage of undeserved black pride.” Freedom Rider: Obama’s Hollow Legacy by BAR editor and senior columnist Margaret Kimberley 
“The sight of Barack and Michelle hosting a state dinner was enough to make black hearts swoon.” 
Obama’s legacy is in tatters, and that is good news. Donald Trump’s victory was not just a win over Hillary Clinton, but against Democratic Party policies that silenced the rank and file. For years Democrats became convinced that the only means of keeping Republicans at bay was to go along with their party leadership without complaint. If they wanted to expand trade deals that stole workers’ jobs, so be it. The people who marched against the invasion of Iraq folded their tents when Democrats became the party of endless war. When Obama promoted austerity and “grand bargains” with Republicans not a word was uttered. Even Black Lives Matter refused to point out that the Obama Justice Department left killer cops unpunished. 
Barack Obama is nothing if not consistent. While Democrats take to the streets in protest against president elect Trump, Obama declares that the man he once called unfit is not an ideologue, but a “pragmatist.” No one should be surprised about the conciliatory tone. Obama never had a problem with Republicans. They may have obstructed him, but he was always happy to assist them because he wasn’t really opposed to their policies. 
The most obvious example of Obama’s lack of substance was his relationship with black Americans. His disdain and contempt for the people who loved him the most was clear to anyone who paid attention. Jokes about “cousin Pookie” and parents serving fried chicken for breakfast should have been seen as the racist screeds they clearly were. But the desire to see a black face in a prominent place endures to our detriment. 
“The people who marched against the invasion of Iraq folded their tents when Democrats became the party of endless war.” 
Obama won by making himself palatable to white people while also taking advantage of undeserved black pride. Hillary Clinton would be the president elect if the new voters who emerged in 2008 had remained committed to the Democratic Party. But their loyalty was to the imagery of Barack Obama as president. Their joy was confined to seeing him meet the queen of England alongside his first lady or disembarking from Air Force One with his signature swagger. The sight of Barack and Michelle hosting a state dinner was enough to make black hearts swoon. Policy initiatives need not intrude upon the love fest. 
The end result of this unrequited and superficial love was six million fewer votes cast for Hillary Clinton in 2016 than for Obama in 2012. The apocryphal cousin Pookie stayed home and no one should be surprised. There is no secret to keeping voters engaged. They are engaged if their needs are met. Deliver for voters and they deliver in the voting booth. 
Even the unpopular and shady Hillary Clinton could have won Michigan if the people of Flint had received the federal help they needed so badly. Not only did the Obama environmental protection agency allow the beleaguered city to be given contaminated water, but he showed up for a photo opportunity and did nothing else as residents suffered. He drank a glass of water, posed for the cameras and returned to Washington. The people of Flint are still living under conditions Americans think of as being “Third World.” 
“Democratic voters must ask themselves why they said nothing when their party promoted trade deals that were against their interests.” 
The response to Trump’s victory should mean more than protesting policies the Democrats now have little ability to fight. This moment presents an opportunity for much needed introspection and mea culpas. Millions of people did more than just accept Democratic Party policy. They supported actions they would have rejected if carried out by a Republican or a white Democrat. They supported Muammar Gaddafi when Republicans were president but averted their eyes to his murder when committed by a Democrat. They even voted for the person who bragged about the killing. Democratic voters must ask themselves why they said nothing when their party promoted trade deals that were against their interests. Ultimately that acquiescence led to defeat at Trump’s hands. 
The Obama team’s propaganda skills were legendary but the day of reckoning revealed the emptiness of what they produced. The corporate media acted like scribes under White House direction and declared that Russia was an enemy state and its president a 21 st century Hitler. Now it is Donald Trump, the self-promoting reality television star, who declares his willingness to talk to his Russian counterpart. It is the sort of behavior that Democrats once valued. 
Democratic presidents Jimmy Carter and Bill Clinton began the tradition of getting Democrats to support what they didn’t like. Obama perfected the art, which ultimately led to the debacle. He will certainly not be the last to tempt the party faithful but in 2016 Democrats sold their souls and ended up with nothing. Defeat creates the most hollow feelings of all. Margaret Kimberley's Freedom Rider column appears weekly in BAR, and is widely reprinted elsewhere. She maintains a frequently updated blog as well as at http://freedomrider.blogspot.com. Ms. Kimberley lives in New York City, and can be reached via e-Mail at Margaret.Kimberley(at)BlackAgendaReport.com. ",0
6170,U.S. to Attempt Simulated North Korean ICBM Intercept - Breitbart,"Pentagon officials said on Friday that next week will mark the first attempt to shoot down an intercontinental ballistic missile in flight, closely simulating a North Korean attack on the United States. [The Associated Press notes that missile intercept technology has a “spotty track record,” having succeeded in just 9 of 17 attempts since 1999. Previous tests have involved   missiles, not an intercontinental ballistic missile. ICBMs pass through space en route to their targets. The difficulty of keeping the warhead intact upon reentry to Earth’s atmosphere is one of the hurdles North Korean scientists have not yet been able to overcome.  “The most recent test, in June 2014, was a success, but that followed three straight failures,” the AP recalls. The system, known as   Midcourse Defense (GMD) has been notoriously compared to “hitting a bullet with a bullet. ” More precisely, it involves hitting a rocket with a rocket that launches another rocket.  “An interceptor is to be launched from an underground silo at Vandenberg Air Force Base in California and soar toward the target, which will be fired from a test range on Kwajalein Atoll in the Pacific. If all goes as planned, the ‘kill vehicle’ will slam into the   target’s mock warhead high over the Pacific Ocean,” the AP writes. Officials said the test target would be moving much faster than targets from previous intercept tests, to better simulate the challenge of hitting an inbound ICBM. However, the target is not meant to precisely simulate any specific model of North Korean missile. Although Reuters quotes recent remarks from U. S. intelligence officials that indicate “mounting concern about Pyongyang’s advancing missile and nuclear weapons programs,” it notes that next week’s intercept test was “planned well in advance and was not in reaction to any specific event. ” The U. S. has a total of 36 interceptor missiles ready to fire, and plans to build 8 more during the coming year, but no such defensive weapon has ever been used in actual combat conditions. Skeptics say even those sporadic test successes involved simulated targets that were much less challenging than an actual enemy missile would be.",0
6171,"Brexit, Donald Trump, Chelsea Manning: Your Morning Briefing - The New York Times","Good morning.  Here’s what you need to know: • President Obama commuted most of the sentence of Chelsea Manning, the army intelligence analyst convicted of an enormous 2010 leak to WikiLeaks that revealed U. S. military and diplomatic activities around the world. She will be free in five months. The decision will likely come up at Mr. Obama’s final news conference today, along with other legacy issues, like the fight to preserve the Affordable Care Act. A report found that repealing major provisions of Obamacare would cost 18 million people medical insurance in the first year, a number that could increase to 32 million in 10 years. _____ • President Xi Jinping of China continues a visit to Switzerland, with stops at the U. N. in Geneva and the International Olympic Committee in Lausanne. Mr. Xi, who made a forceful argument for free trade, international integration and climate responsibility at the World Economic Forum on Tuesday, appears to be positioning China as a global leader in sharp contrast to the incoming U. S. president, Donald J. Trump. _____ • “Rigged. ” Mr. Trump hit back at a poll that put his favorability rating at 40 percent, compared with President Obama’s 79 percent before inauguration and George W. Bush’s 62 percent. Senate hearings for Mr. Trump’s cabinet picks continue on a packed schedule. And officials are putting the final touches on days of celebrations for his inauguration on Friday, which will also be surrounded by protests. Security costs could  top $100 million. _____ • Australia’s transport minister did not rule out future underwater searches for missing Malaysia Airlines Flight 370, but said that investigators were certain the jet is not on the seabed in the area that searchers had scoured for nearly three years. The decision, while expected, drew criticism from families of the 239 people who were on board _____ • Jay Y. Lee, the Samsung vice chairman, is expected to attend a hearing and then be held in detention  —   possibly overnight  —   to await the decision of a judge in Seoul on whether he should be arrested. Mr. Lee has denied accusations that he paid more than $36 million in bribes to organizations linked to Choi   the unofficial adviser at the center of the corruption scandal that engulfed President Park  . • British American Tobacco is buying all of Reynolds American that it did not already own. The $49 billion deal, if approved by shareholders and regulators, will reshape the global tobacco industry. • General Motors  became the latest company to highlight initiatives following Mr. Trump’s pressure to bolster U. S. manufacturing, announcing a $1 billion investment in American factories. •   the maker of aircraft engines and   turbines, agreed to pay $817 million to resolve corruption inquiries by Britain, the U. S. and Brazil, including accusations of wrongdoing in Indonesia and China. • The New York Times released a review of its newsroom and a blueprint for the future created by a team of seven of its journalists. • U. S. stocks were lower. Here’s a snapshot of global markets. •  Prime Minister Theresa May charted a “clean break” for Britain from the European Union and stressed her country’s determination to regain control of migration. [The New York Times] • A Nigerian fighter jet that meant to strike Boko Haram militants bombed a refugee camp. Doctors Without Borders counted more than 50 dead and 200 injured. [The New York Times] • The widow of the gunman who killed 49 people at an Orlando, Fla. nightclub last year was charged under antiterrorism laws. “She knew he was going to conduct the attack,” a federal prosecutor asserted. [The New York Times] • NASA and the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration are expected to announce that 2016 set the record for the hottest year globally. [Climate Central] • The head of Air India was quoted as saying that the carrier planned to set aside seats to allow more protection for women traveling alone. [The Economist] •  Cambodia canceled military exercises with the U. S. for two years, a decision announced weeks after its   exercises with China. [The Cambodia Daily] • Bhutan has struggled to persuade other nations to adopt its Gross National Happiness index as a measure of social ills. [The New York Times] • Fifty years ago this month, Vo Thi Mo led three commando squads against a U. S. Army battalion in the Vietnam War. Here is her story of resilience and survival. [The New York Times] • Maybe don’t skip your workout this morning  —   it just might help your brain grow stronger. • Here is a guide to help you teach young people about philanthropy and offer them the tools to give. • Recipe of the day: For a simple side dish, try braised greens spiced with red pepper flakes. • India’s democracy includes 287 million illiterate people, so party symbols matter. This week, a feud over the image of a bicycle that had split a powerful political dynasty was resolved. • Each spring, poplar trees planted by the millions under Mao blanket Chinese cities with cottonlike balls of fluff. In Beijing, the government hopes to eliminate the fuzz forever. • And we introduce The Long View, in which the historian Jon Meacham looks at books that speak to historical and cultural moments. This first installment looks at the chaotic U. S. of the 1930s. The Oval Office is often used as shorthand for the U. S. presidency, but did you know that fewer than half of the presidents have worked there? During President Theodore Roosevelt’s term ( ) the West Wing was added to hold the executive branch’s growing staff. He had a   office in the addition (now called the Roosevelt Room). Earlier leaders worked in the residence, mostly in what is known as the Lincoln Bedroom. Roosevelt’s successor, William H. Taft, had the Oval Office built and was its first occupant. The design wasn’t novel. George Washington had   rooms in Philadelphia in 1791, allowing him to greet guests circled around him. The pomp mimics an English court tradition called the levée. There was a White House precursor, too. The Blue Room is rounded and used for diplomatic receptions. In the family quarters, there’s a Yellow Oval Room. On Christmas Eve in 1929, the Oval Office was badly damaged in a fire. President Franklin Roosevelt renovated it, moving it closer to the residence. The “commute” is under a minute. Presidents can redecorate, but there are limits. One is that the presidential seal must remain on the ceiling. And there’s an other tradition: the outgoing president leaves a letter on the desk for his successor. Adeel Hassan contributed reporting. _____ Your Morning Briefing is published weekday mornings. What would you like to see here? Contact us at asiabriefing@nytimes. com.",0
6172,New Zealand Struck by Powerful Earthquake - The New York Times,"SYDNEY, Australia  —   A powerful earthquake measuring 7. 8 magnitude hit the east coast of New Zealand’s South Island early Monday, causing tsunami waves and killing at least two people, officials said. Hours later, another strong quake measuring 6. 4 magnitude struck the same region, northeast of Christchurch, around the small town of Hanmer Springs, according to Geoscience Australia. The New Zealand Ministry of Civil Defense and Emergency Management warned people living near the coast to move inland to higher ground as tsunami waves raised seawater levels in some places by about six feet. Officials in Wellington, the capital, urged people to stay out of the city’s central business district until the risk of damage to buildings could be assessed. Prime Minister John Key said the earthquake had killed at least two people, Reuters reported. “We don’t have any indications at the moment to believe it will rise, but we can’t rule that out,” Mr. Key said of the death toll, speaking to reporters in Wellington. Glasses broke and furniture moved at Premier House, the official prime ministerial residence in Wellington, Mr. Key said. He had stayed there overnight after meeting with Secretary of State John Kerry, who was on a state visit there and to Antarctica. Geoscience Australia said the 6.  earthquake was one of three large aftershocks that measured between 5. 1 and 6. 4 magnitude. There have been at least 12 aftershocks since early Monday morning in New Zealand. Caroline Little, a spokeswoman for GeoNet New Zealand, which monitors geological hazards, said seismologists had modeled the probability of the number and intensity of aftershocks on Monday morning. “The initial earthquake was a complex rupture,” she said in a telephone interview. “It was one quake, but there were a number of fault segments and a series of orientations in terms of the way the energy was released. ” She described it as a zigzag rather than a single fault and said this would affect the way aftershocks played out. “We expect aftershocks for weeks, maybe months,” she said. The New Zealand Herald reported that one of the confirmed deaths was caused by a heart attack and that the other had taken place on a historic homestead near the beach town of Kaikoura. Military helicopters flew there to assess the damage after roads were destroyed. “There are some reports of casualties in the Kaikoura area, but just exactly what the extent of that is is not yet reported,” Gerry Brownlee, the country’s acting minister of civil defense, told reporters.  The first earthquake struck about 50 miles southwest of Kaikoura and 50 miles north of Christchurch. Elliot Fim, a regional official in Christchurch, said in a telephone interview that there were no reports of damage, injuries or fatalities there. The Fire Department was dealing with a large number of emergency calls. Mr. Fim said people living along about 200 miles of coastline had been evacuated. A spokesman for the Wellington Region Emergency Management office said there were reports of minor damage in the capital. One of Wellington’s newest hotels, the Sofitel, had minor damage. Some members of Mr. Kerry’s staff had to evacuate the hotel in the middle of the night. Dan Jaksa, a duty officer from Geoscience Australia, said that if the small townships north of Christchurch did not have   buildings, “it is going to be tough. ” In 2011, an earthquake measuring 6. 3 magnitude devastated Christchurch and killed 185 people. The earthquake on Monday was about 40 to 50 times as large as the one in 2011, Mr. Jaksa said. In Cheviot, a small town thought to be close to the epicenter, there were no reports of casualties. “There is minimal damage to buildings that we can see,” Grant Burnett, the chief of the Cheviot volunteer fire brigade, said in a telephone interview. “It is surprising, because it was a big quake. ” Mr. Burnett said that some properties along the coast had been evacuated, but that none had been seriously damaged by the surge in seawater. The fire brigade went door to door to check on residents. The earthquake occurred in the Hikurangi Trench, a subduction zone where one tectonic plate slides under another. New Zealand’s North Island and the northern part of its South Island are on the Australian plate, which is moving north, while the Pacific plate is largely moving west. “This is the zone where the Pacific plate goes underneath the Australian plate,” Mr. Jaksa said.",0
6174,Irak verbietet den Alkohol,"Irak verbietet den Alkohol Voltaire Netzwerk | 26. Oktober 2016 français Español italiano عربي Das irakische Parlament hat in aller Heimlichkeit am 22. Oktober 2016 eine Änderung zu seinem Gemeindegesetz verabschiedet, die den Verkauf, die Einfuhr und die Herstellung von Alkohol untersagt.
Das Alkoholverbot wurde angenommen, um am Vorabend der Befreiung des von Daesch besetzten Mossul die Islamisten zufrieden zu stellen.
Das Gesetz führt Bußgelder von 8.000 bis 20.000 Dollar für den festgestellten Verstoß ein.
Da die Christen des Irak (die den Wein benutzen, um ihre Messe zu feiern) das Gesetz als diskriminierend betrachten, haben sie beschlossen, vor einem Bundesgericht gegen den Gesetzestext zu klagen.
Übersetzung
Sabine",0
6175,"Self-Driving Tesla Was Involved in Fatal Crash, U.S. Says - The New York Times","DETROIT  —   The race by automakers and technology firms to develop   cars has been fueled by the belief that computers can operate a vehicle more safely than human drivers. But that view is now in question after the revelation on Thursday that the driver of a Tesla Model S electric sedan was killed in an accident when the car was in   mode. Federal regulators, who are in the early stages of setting guidelines for autonomous vehicles, have opened a formal investigation into the incident, which occurred on May 7 in Williston, Fla. In a statement, the National Highway Traffic Safety Administration said preliminary reports indicated that the crash occurred when a   made a left turn in front of the Tesla, and the car failed to apply the brakes. It is the first known fatal accident involving a vehicle being driven by itself by means of sophisticated computer software, sensors, cameras and radar. The safety agency did not identify the Tesla driver who was killed. But the Florida Highway Patrol identified him as Joshua Brown, 40, of Canton, Ohio. He was a Navy veteran who owned a technology consulting firm. In a news release, Tesla on Thursday described him as a man “who spent his life focused on innovation and the promise of technology and who believed strongly in Tesla’s mission. ” Mr. Brown posted videos of himself riding in autopilot mode. “The car’s doing it all itself,’’ he said in one, smiling as he took his hands from the steering wheel. In another, he praised the system for saving his car from an accident. The death is a blow to Tesla at a time when the company is pushing to expand its product lineup from expensive electric vehicles to more mainstream models. The company on Thursday declined to say whether the technology or the driver or either were at fault in the accident. In its news release it said, “Neither autopilot nor the driver noticed the white side of the   against a brightly lit sky, so the brake was not applied. ” The crash also casts doubt on whether autonomous vehicles in general can consistently make      driving decisions on the highway. And other companies are increasing investments in   technology. Google, for example, recently announced plans to adapt 100 Chrysler minivans for autonomous driving. Earlier this year, G. M. acquired the software firm Cruise Automation to accelerate its own   applications. Even as the companies conduct many tests on autonomous vehicles at both private facilities and on public highways, there is skepticism that the technology has progressed far enough for the government to approve cars that totally drive themselves. The traffic safety agency said it was working with the Florida Highway Patrol in the inquiry into Mr. Brown’s fatal accident. The agency cautioned that the opening of an investigation did not mean it thought there was a defect in the vehicle being examined. The federal traffic safety agency is nearing the release of a new set of guidelines and regulations regarding the testing of   vehicles on public roads. They are expected to be released in July. At a recent technology conference in Novi, Mich. the agency’s leader, Mark Rosekind, said   cars should at least be twice as safe as human drivers to result in a significant reduction in roadway deaths. “We need to start with two times better,’’ Mr. Rosekind said. “We need to set a higher bar if we expect safety to actually be a benefit here. ” Karl Brauer, an analyst with the auto research firm Kelley Blue Book, said the accident served as a signal that the technology might not be as advanced and ready for the market as some proponents have suggested. “This is a bit of a   call,” Mr. Brauer said. “People who were maybe too aggressive in taking the position that we’re almost there, this technology is going to be in the market very soon, maybe need to reassess that. ” Tesla said in its news release that it had informed the traffic safety agency about the accident “immediately after it occurred. ” But the company reported it publicly only on Thursday, after learning that the agency had begun to investigate. Mr. Brown had spent 11 years in the Navy and then founded a technology consulting company, Nexu Innovations, according to a May obituary of Mr. Brown in The Greensburg Tribune Review in Westmoreland County, Pa. where he had formerly lived. The Nexu Innovations website, describing Mr. Brown as founder and owner, said that in the Navy he had been on active duty as a “master explosive ordnance disposal technician,” including a stint with the Naval Special Warfare Development Group, which is commonly known as SEAL Team 6. Ricky Hammer, a retired Navy master chief who worked with Mr. Brown at the development group, said Mr. Brown had strong computer skills and “was the equivalent of an electrical engineer even though he didn’t have the degree. ” In Iraq in 2006, he said, Mr. Brown played a crucial role in preparing captured explosive projectiles for shipment to the United States to support efforts to improve the armor on military vehicles. “He did it by being very aggressive,” Mr. Hammer said, noting that Mr. Brown helped to collect the projectiles after raids on   shops and would   them to determine their contents. In the past, Elon Musk, the Tesla chief executive, has praised the company’s   feature, introduced in the Model S last fall, as “probably better than a person right now. ” But in its statement on Thursday, the company cautioned that it was still only a test feature and noted that its use ‘‘requires explicit acknowledgment that the system is new technology. ’’ It noted that when a driver activated the system, an acknowledgment box popped up, explaining that the autopilot mode “is an assist feature that requires you to keep your hands on the steering wheel at all times. ”",0
6176,"Your Tuesday Evening Briefing: Donald Trump, Golden State Warriors, Hillary Clinton - The New York Times","(Want to get this briefing by email? Here’s the  .) Good evening. Here’s the latest. 1. Donald Trump railed at reporters for   his promises and revealing delays in donations he promised military veterans in January. “The press should be ashamed of themselves,” he said. “You make me look very bad. ” He also defended Trump University against testimony that was revealed as part of a lawsuit filed by dissatisfied former students. “I believe that Trump University was a fraudulent scheme,” said one sales manager at the school. _____ 2. The battle for California heated up a week ahead of the primary. Gov. Jerry Brown endorsed Hillary Clinton, but also spoke highly of Bernie Sanders. “He has driven home the message that the top 1 percent has unfairly captured way too much of America’s wealth, leaving the majority of people far behind,” Mr. Brown said in an open letter. Above, Mr. Sanders campaigned in Northern California. _____ 3. The sniffer dogs U. S. airports rely on to detect even the most minute trace of explosives  face new challenges as bombmakers shift to using household chemicals, like the compound TATP. “So we’re now asking dogs not just to find a needle in a haystack,” one expert said. “Now we’re also saying to the dog, ‘We need you to find any sharp object in the haystack.’ ” _____ 4. “It is practically a reinvented game these   Splash Brothers are playing. ” That’s our sports columnist, saluting Stephen Curry, above, and Klay Thompson for pushing the Golden State Warriors into the N. B. A. finals with 13   on Monday night. (Game 1 of the title rematch with the Cleveland Cavaliers: Thursday, 9 p. m. Eastern, at Golden State, ABC) _____ 5. The    party that took power in Poland in November is reviving efforts to extradite the filmmaker Roman Polanski to the U. S. the country’s close ally. The justice minister said he would appeal a court ruling that said turning over Mr. Polanski, 82, would be an “obviously unlawful” deprivation of liberty. He fled the U. S. decades ago, after pleading guilty to having sex with an underage girl. _____ 6.   militias, elite Iraqi Army counterterrorism forces and Sunni policemen are all taking part in the operation to drive Islamic State fighters out of the   city of Falluja. An estimated 50, 000 civilians are believed trapped with little food or medicine. _____ 7. The Cincinnati police said they were investigating how a    managed to get into a gorilla enclosure at the city’s zoo over the weekend. Zoo workers fatally shot the    gorilla after it dragged the boy around the pen, prompting complaints by animal rights activists and petitions blaming the boy’s mother. The police declined to identify the family. _____ 8. Our   story for days: a novelist’s essay on marriage. The bad news: Because we’re lonely, or mix love up with destructive tendencies, or think we can make happiness permanent, many of us marry the wrong people, he writes. The good: There really isn’t a perfect person to meet all of our needs anyway, so learn to tolerate differences. “Compatibility,” he concludes, “is an achievement of love it must not be its precondition. ” _____ 9. Federal data show that the number of homeless people over 50 has risen by about 20 percent since 2007, passing 300, 000 to make up some 31 percent of the nation’s total. Some people have been on the streets for a generation. “Skid Row is sad,” said a    homeless woman. “It is as sad as you can imagine. You literally have to live here to see how sad it is. ” _____ 10. Finally, can civil tensions be worked out in street theater? The spectacular Patum festival that wrapped up in Catalonia, Spain, dates to medieval times, but its evocation of the struggle between good and evil colorfully reflects the clashes between between right and left, church and state, the Spanish government in Madrid and Catalan secessionists. _____ Your Evening Briefing is posted at 6 p. m. Eastern. And don’t miss Your Morning Briefing, posted weekdays at 6 a. m. Eastern, and Your Weekend Briefing, posted at 6 a. m. Sundays. What did you like? What do you want to see here? Let us know at briefing@nytimes. com.",0
6177,"'If Trump loses, I'm grabbing my musket,' former congressman tweets","Email 

Former Illinois congressman and conservative radio host Joe Walsh appeared to invite armed insurrection when he tweeted that he was ""grabbing his musket"" if Hillary Clinton defeats Donald Trump in the presidential election. 
""On November 8th, I'm voting for Trump,"" Walsh tweeted. ""On November 9th, if Trump loses, I'm grabbing my musket."" 
""@WalshFreedom what exactly does that mean?"" CNN's Jake Tapper tweeted in reply. 
""@jaketapper It means protesting,"" Walsh tweeted. ""Participating in acts of civil disobedience. Doing what it takes to get our country back."" 
Walsh's rhetoric comes as Americans are already nervous about what will happen on and after Election Day. Trump's insistence that the election is ""rigged,"" and his statement at the last debate that he would keep America ""in suspense"" about whether or not he will accept the results, have left some in fear that violence could flare up if his supporters refuse to accept the outcome. 
More than half of Americans expressed concern about violence on election day according to a USA TODAY/Suffolk University poll released Wednesday. 
Walsh dismissed another Twitter user's concern that his call to arms could draw the attention of the Secret Service saying, ""They understand that a musket hasn't been used in battle in almost 200 years."" 
""I'm serious,"" Walsh tweeted later. ""I don't think a musket would do much good these days, but it's time for civil disobedience on the right."" 
Walsh repeated his defense that he was only speaking of civil disobedience to NBC's Chicago affiliate. ""We're talking about a musket,"" Walsh said, according to NBC 5 Chicago. ""I could've said grab your slingshot and let's go. Metaphorically, I meant grab your muskets, if Trump loses, man, we're going to do what we have to do. We're going to protest and boycott and practice civil disobedience. We may start a third party."" 
This wasn't the first time Walsh, who served one term before being defeated by Rep. Tammy Duckworth in 2012, drew criticism for an incendiary tweet. In July he got national attention for telling President Obama to ""watch out"" after five police officers were killed by a shooter in Dallas. 
""3 Dallas Cops killed, 7 wounded,"" Walsh tweeted in a post that has since been deleted. ""This is now war. Watch out Obama. Watch out black lives matter punks. Real America is coming after you.""",0
6178,"Geert Wilders: Let’s Stop the Cowardice, And Tell The Truth About Islam","This week, a documentary called “Wilders” premiered at DocFest, a film festival for documentaries in the British town of Sheffield. [The documentary is made by American film director Stephen Robert Morse. Although he does not agree with my political views, he at least tried to bring a balanced story, which is more than I can say of many Dutch journalists.  I allowed Morse and his team to follow me around for a few months. The documentary shows how, due to Islamic death threats, I have to live under   police protection, am being driven around in armoured cars, am obliged to wear a bulletproof vest whenever I have to speak in public, etc. Some live in almost similar situations, such as Danish cartoonist Kurt Westergaard and his Swedish colleague Lars Vilks, British author Salman Rushie, Danish historian Lars Hedegaard, and others. In that sense, this documentary is also a tribute to them. What we all have in common is that we are on Islam’s death list. But what always strikes me is that I am the only elected politician on the list.  All politicians competing in elections claim to be standing for office with the goal of serving the people. But serving the people begins with telling them the truth. The truth about Islam is not a pleasant one. How wonderful would it be if Islam were what most of our politicians claim it to be: a religion of peace. Wonderful, but naïve, for the truth is that almost all terrorist acts committed in the world today are committed in the name of Islam. Many politicians do not tell the truth about Islam. Some find it much easier to parrot the   dogmas of the left. Others are afraid of having to live like me and Westergaard, Vilks, Rushdie, Hedegaard and others. But I do not consider that a valid excuse.   is forced to be a politician, but if you do choose to do so, allowing yourself to be silenced by the threat of violence, means that you allow the violent side to win. And that is something no democratic politician should ever do. Over the past decades, the threat of terrorism in the West has steadily grown. This growth has everything to do with the growth of Islam in our democratic societies. Politicians who refuse to see this reality are not just fooling themselves but also endangering the citizens. That is why today everyone is on the death list of Islam. We are all at risk now. And this is totally unacceptable. People have the right to live safely in their own towns and cities. That, too, is a basic human right. In my opinion, it overrides the rights of the followers of Islam in our society to live according to their   religion. The West should not grant Islam the freedom to abolish the freedoms of the West. There are already plenty Islamic nations in the world, such as Saudi Arabia, Iran, Pakistan, where Sharia is the law of the land. Why don’t those who want to introduce Sharia in our land just move there? Sooner or later, even those politicians who still prefer to look away from the problems will be forced to face them. Meanwhile, however, we are losing precious time. And the present governing elite is entirely to blame for that. The more Islam it allows into our country, the less free we will become. In my country, the Netherlands, we are currently in the process of forming a government coalition. Although my party, the Party for Freedom (PVV) has become the second largest party in parliament, the Liberal Party (VVD) of the outgoing Prime Minister Mark Rutte, which managed to remain the largest party despite suffering heavy losses in the 15 March 2017 elections, refuses to form a government with the PVV. So does the third party, the   (CDA) of Sybrand Buma. This has resulted in political gridlock, making it virtually impossible to form a majority government. Earlier this week, both Mark Rutte and Sybrand Buma wrote a letter explaining why they refuse to cooperate with the PVV. They do so, they write, because they consider the PVV to be “radical. ” It is not the PVV, however, which is radical it is Islam. Let us stop the cowardice. Let us reject political correctness. As General Patton said: “The coward is the one who lets his fear overcome his sense of duty. ” I will keep doing my duty. Probably again as leader of the opposition. And I will keep speaking out, whatever the price may be. I will fight the Islamization of my country and defend its freedom. Without compromise and with determination, conviction and strength. Always. Geert Wilders MP is leader of the Party for Freedom (PVV) in The Netherlands.",0
6179,Putin calls for observing military safety measures to avoid incidents,"Putin calls for observing military safety measures to avoid incidents October 28, 2016 TASS vladimir putin , dmitry peskov Russian President Vladimir Putin. Source: Kremlin.ru 
Russian President Vladimir Putin has called for strictly obeying set safety measures to avoid dangerous incidents involving military aircraft and ships, Kremlin spokesman Dmitry Peskov told reporters on Oct. 28. 
""Unconditionally, the president does not support fanning any tensions,"" Peskov stated. ""He urges strict observance of the existing regulations in international law, which define cooperation in the context of avoiding dangerous incidents - both in the skies and at sea."" 
Along with this, Peskov neither confirmed, nor denied media reports that at one of the meetings, Putin had allegedly harshly responded to an incident when Russian jets flew close to a U.S. warship. 
""Closed-door meetings are held so that opinions could be exchanged there freely,"" the spokesman emphasized.",0
6180,Viral NASA Photographs Show Mysterious Blue Sphere in Front of the Sun,"On November 17, NASA’s STEREO satellites photographed a giant blue sphere moving in front of the Sun. The strange images quickly went viral and the internet is full of theories trying to explain the highly unusual occurrence. Is the Blue Star Kachina finally here? 


The mysterious image was first uploaded to Facebook by Pamela Johnson and immediately received the attention it deserved. Intrigued by the appearance of the sphere, she dug deeper and quickly made some troubling findings. Although NASA’s archives contained images of the enigmatic sphere taken on November 17, several frames were missing from the feed; images taken on November 15 and November 16 were nowhere to be found. Does this scream ‘NASA cover-up’ or not? One YouTube user commented:

“I have downloaded the images from SECCHI HI1 and this is strange. This ‘anomaly’ can only be seen on images from 11.17. But there are several missing frames both before and after its appearance.” 

The STEREO (Solar Terrestrial Relations Observatory) satellite array is officially meant to study the “structure and evolution of solar storms” but in this case it was able to provide us with what some call definitive proof of a massive and unknown presence in our solar system. What’s more intriguing is the fact that the image was uploaded to NASA’s science center servers without any accompanying explanation.

Furthermore, as Pamela Johnson pointed out, NASA tried to cover their mistake by trying “to use EUVI 171 images of the Sun to hide the sphere.” Not good.

When things started going south, NASA forwarded an official explanation that failed to sway the belief of conspiracy theorists: 

“On rare occasions, the SECCHI image processor on board STEREO becomes overloaded, and produces corrupted images,” NASA explained. “Because the images from the Heliospheric Imager (HI) telescopes are built up from a large number of exposures added together, this sometimes results in ‘double exposures,’ where data from several telescopes appear in the same image.” 


WATCH THE VIDEO: 

Not taking NASA’s word for it, the internet floated other explanations out there. UFO hunters are convinced the blue sphere was actually an enormous UFO and due to its sheer size, it could have been responsible for the missing frames by creating an electromagnetic anomaly. When it left the area, the satellites resumed their normal activity.

“Whether the object is one of the giant extraterrestrial or interdimensional spacecraft, which are accessing our solar system, using the Sun as a Stargate or an unknown celestial body like the famed planet Nibiru, it is clear what happened on the 17th was not the result of an equipment failure,” one conspiracy theorist wrote. 

Others believe the strange sphere was actually the result of malevolent human beings, an expression of the infamous Blue Beam Project. This perverse and apocalyptic-inclined venture –if real– would seek to cause mayhem among Earth’s population by instilling fear and simulating the thing we all fear most: doomsday. If this theory is correct, one logical conclusion would be that NASA is either in cahoots with or being run by the NWO. 
Other theories attempting to explain the blue sphere mention Nibiru or an enormous stargate; both possibilities are ominous and disconcerting. But there could be another meaning behind this incident and, as far as I know, it hasn’t been forwarded yet.

An ancient Hopi prophecy states that “when the Blue Star Kachina makes its appearance in the heavens, the Fifth World will emerge.” It also speaks about the manifestation of nine signs foretelling this world-changing event. Could it be happening right now? 

The Hopi (meaning Peaceful People) have been living in northeastern Arizona since they can remember and are believed to be descendants from cultures to the south, east and north. The Anasazi are forefathers of the Hopi, which creates a direct link to the ancient Aztec culture. Though many civilizations around the globe support religious beliefs of “white gods” descending from the sky, the Hopi tribe believe their ancestors came from within the ground. 

One of the many Hopi myths specifically describes strange beings who reside inside the heart of the Earth and are called the Ant People. Drawings displaying the Ant People firmly resemble illustrations found in modern grey alien encounter reports. Another connection exists between the Hopi’s Ant People and the Mesoamerican legend of Quetzalcoatl. It is believed that the Ant People had helped the “White God” discover corn on a mountain packed full of grain and seeds.

The Hopi believe the Star People and their star knowledge will return at the end of the current period of time, as they have in past times. Their entire mythology is built upon the assumption that the world goes through successive cycles separated by cataclysmic events. According to their legends, at the time of the Blue Kachina, the Star People retreated to the heart of the Earth, seeking shelter during the world’s destruction. Passed down from generation to generation, their intriguing mythology describes the event: 
First, the Blue Kachina would start to be seen at the dances, and would make his appearance known to the children in the plaza during the night dance. This event would tell us that the end times are very near. Then the Blue Star Kachina would physically appear in our heavens which would mean that we were in the end times.” When the First World was destroyed, people returned from the ground to the outer world to live as ants for the continuation of the Second World. The Third World tells of an advanced civilization with “flying shields” and wars between far – off cities ultimately destroyed by terrible floods, narratives very similar to those found in Babylonian mythology.

Hopi Indians are now wardens of the Fourth World in exchange for the benefit of living on Earth. They consider the coming of the Fifth World is near and will begin when members of the Fire Clan return.
“In the Final days we will look up in our heavens and we will witness the return of the two brothers who helped create this world in the birthing time. Poganghoya is the guardian of our North Pole and his brother Palongawhoya is the guardian of the South Pole.” “In the final days the Blue Star Kachina will come to be with his nephews and they will return the Earth to its natural rotation which is counterclockwise. Not far behind the twins will come the Purifier – The Red Kachina, who will bring the Day of Purification. On this day the Earth, her creatures and all life as we know it will change forever.” 
The legend of the Blue Kachina also corresponds with Mayan prophecies and the Planet – X theory, suggesting an interdependence between Hopi assumptions and those of the Mayan civilization. Furthermore, another link is formed between the Hopi legend of Pahana and the Mesoamerican myth of Quetzalcoatl, connecting the Hopi to certain North American Indian cultures who worship the Horned/Feathered Serpent. Other ancient mysteries tend to relate with many genesis stories and religious beliefs of other archaic civilizations in both South and North America.

The Hopi claim that four stone tablets of creation exist. In ancient times, these tablets were given to them by Massau – The Guardian of the Underworld, who requested that the tablets be kept until a number of signs were fulfilled at the end of the fourth world and the beginning of the fifth. When the signs appeared, the Hopi were advised to reveal the tablets and their prophecies to the world regarding the purification of Earth.

The Nine Signs of Destruction were described by author Bob Frissell in Something in this Book is True. The signs were described to him in 1958 by a Hopi elder named White Feather. 

This is the First Sign: We are told of the coming of the white-skinned men, like Pahana, but not living like Pahana, men who took the land that was not theirs. And men who struck their enemies with thunder.

This is the Second Sign: Our lands will see the coming of spinning wheels filled with voices. In his youth, my father saw this prophecy come true with his eyes.

This is the Third Sign: A strange beast like a buffalo but with great long horns will overrun the land in large numbers. These White Feather saw with his eyes.

This is the Fourth Sign: The land will be crossed by snakes of iron.

This is the Fifth Sign: The land shall be crisscrossed by a giant spider’s web.

This is the Sixth Sign: The land shall be crisscrossed with rivers of stone that make pictures in the sun. 
This is the Seventh Sign: You will hear of the sea turning black, and many living things dying because of it.

This is the Eighth Sign: You will see many youth, who wear their hair long like my people, come and join the tribal nations, to learn their ways and wisdom.

The Ninth sign , as White Feather told Frissell, is a herald of destruction: “You will hear of a dwelling-place in the heavens, above the Earth, that shall fall with a great crash. It will appear as a blue star. Very soon after this, the ceremonies of my people will cease.


Many believe the first eight signs have already been fulfilled. The First Sign can be interpreted as the arrival of Europeans on the North American continent. The Second is a reference to the early exploration of America, using the wagon as a primary means of locomotion. The next three Signs point to other European influences, such as the arrival of cattle, and the emergence of railroads and telephone lines.

The “rivers of stones” mentioned in the Sixth Sign can only be roads and highways. The Eight Sign is pretty self-explanatory and encapsulates the symptoms of worldwide pollution. The Hopi believe the increased toxicity levels in the Earth’s oceans are a clear indication that the second-to-last sign is already upon us.

Is this yet another wrongfully-interpreted prophecy, a metaphoric cow milked to exhaustion by authors with no other interest than to sell their books? Or are the peaceful Hopi really the keepers of ancient sacred knowledge, passed down from a time when man walked alongside the gods?

The first eight Signs have come and passed and the Hopi are waiting for the Blue Kachina as a signal that the current world is nearing its end. If they were to see the recent NASA image, what would they say?

UFOholic 
SOURCE ",0
6181,"In Gorsuch Confirmation Battle, Both Sides Spin and Mislead - The New York Times","WASHINGTON  —   In the rhetorical battle over Judge Neil M. Gorsuch, President Trump’s Supreme Court nominee, senators in both parties have been selectively arguing the facts on the jurist and overstating the Senate’s procedural history. Senator Mitch McConnell, Republican of Kentucky and the majority leader, promised on Sunday that Judge Gorsuch would be confirmed this week, even if it required changing longstanding Senate practice to require only a simple majority vote. Here is an assessment of claims from Democratic and Republican lawmakers. THIS IS MISLEADING To reasonably claim a   standard, filibusters would have to be a factor. It takes only a majority, 51 votes, to confirm a nominee. Two current Supreme Court justices, Samuel A. Alito Jr. and Clarence Thomas, did not receive 60 confirmation votes. But under current Senate rules, ending debate or a filibuster over a Supreme Court nominee  —   called a cloture vote  —   requires a   majority. Eight Democrats would need to vote for cloture to end debate over Judge Gorsuch and bring his nomination to a straight    vote. The Senate has moved to invoke cloture only four times in history for Supreme Court nominations, most recently for Justice Alito’s confirmation in 2006, when it voted   to end debate. Factoring in cloture votes to end filibusters, Mr. Schumer is right that the most successful nominees have met the   bar at some point. Justice Thomas is the one exception since 1949. According to the Congressional Research Service, Democrats chose not to filibuster him: “In 1991, five days of debate on the Thomas nomination concluded with a   confirmation vote. The 48 opposition votes would have been more than enough to defeat a cloture motion if one had been filed. ” In three other cases, they chose not to filibuster, but the nominees failed the    vote. Why does this matter? In 2013, the Senate majority leader at the time, Harry Reid, “went nuclear” and reduced the cloture threshold for all other judicial and executive nominees to a simple majority. Mr. McConnell has signaled willingness to change the debate rules for Supreme Court nominees as well, and he rejected the idea of a   standard. “It’s a shot across the bow, so to speak,” said Joshua Huder of the Government Affairs Institute at Georgetown University. “You’re seeing hardball tactics in the Senate accompanied by hardball language dressed up as procedural nuance. This is about as intense as a showdown in the Senate gets. ” THIS IS MISLEADING Last year, Republicans repeatedly justified their decision not to consider President Barack Obama’s nominee, Judge Merrick B. Garland, by citing tradition. But a Supreme Court vacancy during the “last, final months” has happened only one other time in modern history. In 1968, President Lyndon Johnson nominated Associate Justice Abe Fortas to replace Earl Warren as chief justice. The Senate did consider Justice Fortas for the position. Justice Anthony M. Kennedy was also confirmed during President Ronald Reagan’s last year in office, though he was nominated the year before. Looking further back, seven nominations in the 19th century were made by a “lame duck” president between the election and inauguration of his successor. THIS NEEDS CONTEXT  The debate over Justice Fortas in 1968 also serves as an example of a successful filibuster, as noted on the Senate’s website. During hearings, Justice Fortas’s ties to the president, judicial philosophy and outside activities lost him support, and the Senate failed to invoke cloture by a   roll call vote. Nine Democrats and three Republicans did not vote. His nomination was then withdrawn. The filibuster was technically bipartisan, with 19 Democrats voting against cloture. But 15 of them were Southern Democrats, who were part of the conservative coalition and “who stood apart from the regular Democratic Party and would be Republicans today,” said Russell Wheeler of the Brookings Institution. Filibusters are not always a factor in unsuccessful nominations. President Ronald Reagan’s pick, Judge Robert Bork, was outright rejected, as were two of President Richard M. Nixon’s selections. “In modern practice, nominees more often withdraw if it looks like their confirmation is in jeopardy,” Mr. Huder said. “That’s what happened with Harriet Miers, Bush II’s nominee. ” THIS IS MISLEADING Judge Gorsuch had long exchanges with Senator Richard Blumenthal, Democrat of Connecticut, about the school desegregation case during his hearings. While he never simply stated that he agreed with the decision, Judge Gorsuch offered praise several times: ■ “It is one of the shining moments in constitutional history in the United States Supreme Court. ” ■ “It’s a great and important decision. ” ■ “It was a seminal decision that got the original understanding of the 14th Amendment right and corrected one of the most deeply erroneous interpretations of law in Supreme Court history, Plessy v. Ferguson, which is a dark, dark stain on our court’s history. ”",0
6182,"Clinton, Sanders and the Crowd Bring the Noise in Brooklyn Debate - The New York Times","Thursday night, Democrats did what party people do in Brooklyn. They rented out a big space on the waterfront and held a rave. Along with a few rants. The CNN debate between Hillary Clinton and Bernie Sanders was not, substantively, much different from their previous showdowns. But man, was it louder. Mrs. Clinton and Mr. Sanders, heading into Tuesday’s   New York primary, went at each other hard, sniping, snapping and jockeying for attention like starving customers trying to order the pastrami at Katz’s. It was a   Midtown traffic jam of a debate. The charges were sharp  —   she questioned his command of facts, he condemned her “racist” use of the term “ ” in defense of a 1990s crime bill but the hectoring was sharper. At one point, Wolf Blitzer, one of the moderators, broke in to scold the pair: “If you’re both screaming at each other, the viewers won’t be able to hear either of you. ” Did the candidates realize they had microphones? Any undecided New York voters didn’t need cable to tune in they could probably just open a window. But credit where it’s due: The true cause of political junkies’ lingering headache Friday morning was the audience. Good lord, that audience. It sounded like someone told it the primary was going to be decided by   . From the   audience members made themselves a factor, or an obstacle. The crowd cheered, booed, kibitzed. Someone shouted “Free Palestine!” during an answer on Israel. Mr. Sanders’s section broke into “Bernie! Bernie!” repeatedly, like concert fans calling for an encore. In fairness, we’ve heard competitive hooting at plenty of Republican debates this cycle. And while Mrs. Clinton and Mr. Sanders were especially feisty Thursday, no one defended the proportions of any of their body parts. It would be reasonable if their campaigns had concluded that, if you want to be heard in 2016, you had better bring your own amplifier. Indeed, if this campaign’s debates in both parties have made one persuasive argument, it is this: We should ban debate audiences. They’re tent revivals of the converted, full of staffers and supporters whose huzzahs and boos may be heartfelt but are meaningless all the same. A debate audience’s only real purpose is as a prop. It reflects the candidates like a vanity mirror, howling at the applause lines and hissing at uncomfortable arguments, cueing us how to feel. For the networks, it pumps up the excitement and drama that keep viewers coming back. Debate audiences are the laugh tracks of politics. In the middle of the din, Mr. Blitzer, CNN’s Dana Bash and Errol Louis of the NY1 news channel did a good job following up and pointing out when candidates evaded answering. By this stage in the campaign, though, most of those questions and answers are familiar. Early on, Mr. Blitzer brought up Mr. Sanders’s attacks on Mrs. Clinton’s qualifications later, Ms. Bash raised Mrs. Clinton’s   questioning of Mr. Sanders’s bona fides as a Democrat. In between, it was sparring over banks, guns, the Middle East, once more and with feeling. It’s not as though there are no other topics to cover. Late in the debate (and during the debate from her Twitter account) Mrs. Clinton chided the panel for not asking “one question about a woman’s right to make her own decisions about reproductive health care. ” (Scoring points off the moderators is another tactic we’re more used to seeing at Republican debates.) Much had been made in advance of the location: not just New York City but Brooklyn, where Mr. Sanders was born and where the former New York senator Mrs. Clinton has campaign headquarters. In the end, though, the most New York thing about the debate was the noise. It was set on the same red, white and blue,   stage that you could have dropped in Atlanta or Indianapolis or Sacramento. There is only one place now: Debateland. We have been living there since last summer, and it feels as if we will never get out. But we will: If the blaring of the candidates and their   rooting sections said anything, it was that we’re approaching the finish of the primary and they know it. Did this debate move the needle? Absolutely. It moved the needle all the way into the red.",0
6183,Facebook Lets Advertisers Exclude Users by Race,"Facebook Lets Advertisers Exclude Users by Race Posted on Oct 29, 2016 
By Julia Angwin and Terry Parris Jr. / ProPublica David Sleight / ProPublica 
Imagine if, during the Jim Crow era, a newspaper offered advertisers the option of placing ads only in copies that went to white readers. 
That’s basically what Facebook is doing nowadays. 
The ubiquitous social network not only allows advertisers to target users by their interests or background, it also gives advertisers the ability to exclude specific groups it calls “Ethnic Affinities.” Ads that exclude people based on race, gender and other sensitive factors are prohibited by federal law in housing and employment. 
Here is a screenshot of an ad we purchased in Facebook’s housing categories via the company’s advertising portal : 
Advertisement Square, Site wide 
The ad we purchased was targeted to Facebook members who were house hunting and excluded anyone with an “affinity” for African-American, Asian-American or Hispanic people. ( Here’s the ad itself .) 
When we showed Facebook’s racial exclusion options to a prominent civil rights lawyer John Relman , he gasped and said, “This is horrifying. This is massively illegal. This is about as blatant a violation of the federal Fair Housing Act as one can find.” 
The Fair Housing Act of 1968 makes it illegal “to make, print, or publish, or cause to be made, printed, or published any notice, statement, or advertisement, with respect to the sale or rental of a dwelling that indicates any preference, limitation, or discrimination based on race, color, religion, sex, handicap, familial status, or national origin.” Violators can face tens of thousands of dollars in fines . 
The Civil Rights Act of 1964 also prohibits the “printing or publication of notices or advertisements indicating prohibited preference, limitation, specification or discrimination” in employment recruitment. 
Facebook’s business model is based on allowing advertisers to target specific groups — or, apparently to exclude specific groups — using huge reams of personal data the company has collected about its users. Facebook’s microtargeting is particularly helpful for advertisers looking to reach niche audiences, such as swing-state voters concerned about climate change. ProPublica recently offered a tool allowing users to see how Facebook is categorizing them . We found nearly 50,000 unique categories in which Facebook places its users. 
Facebook says its policies prohibit advertisers from using the targeting options for discrimination, harassment, disparagement or predatory advertising practices. 
“We take a strong stand against advertisers misusing our platform: Our policies prohibit using our targeting options to discriminate, and they require compliance with the law,” said Steve Satterfield, privacy and public policy manager at Facebook. “We take prompt enforcement action when we determine that ads violate our policies.” 
Satterfield said it’s important for advertisers to have the ability to both include and exclude groups as they test how their marketing performs. For instance, he said, an advertiser “might run one campaign in English that excludes the Hispanic affinity group to see how well the campaign performs against running that ad campaign in Spanish. This is a common practice in the industry.” 
He said Facebook began offering the “Ethnic Affinity” categories within the past two years as part of a “multicultural advertising” effort. 
Satterfield added that the “Ethnic Affinity” is not the same as race — which Facebook does not ask its members about. Facebook assigns members an “Ethnic Affinity” based on pages and posts they have liked or engaged with on Facebook. 
When we asked why “Ethnic Affinity” was included in the “Demographics” category of its ad-targeting tool if it’s not a representation of demographics, Facebook responded that it plans to move “Ethnic Affinity” to another section. 
Facebook declined to answer questions about why our housing-categories ad excluding minority groups was approved 15 minutes after we placed the order. 
By comparison, consider the advertising controls that the New York Times has put in place to prevent discriminatory housing ads. After the newspaper was successfully sued under the Fair Housing Act in 1989, it agreed to review ads for potentially discriminatory content before accepting them for publication. 
Steph Jespersen, the Times’ director of advertising acceptability, said that the company’s staff runs automated programs to make sure that ads that contain discriminatory phrases such as “whites only” and “no kids” are rejected. 
The Times’ automated program also highlights ads that contain potentially discriminatory code words such as “near churches” or “close to a country club.” Humans then review those ads before they can be approved. 
Jespersen said the Times also rejects housing ads that contain photographs of too many white people. The people in the ads must represent the diversity of the population of New York, and if they don’t, he says he will call up the advertiser and ask them to submit an ad with a more diverse lineup of models. 
But, Jespersen said, these days most advertisers know not to submit discriminatory ads: “I haven’t seen an ad with ‘whites only’ for a long time.” 
Clarification, Oct. 28, 2016: We’ve updated the story to explain more clearly that the ad we bought was not for housing itself — it was placed in Facebook’s housing categories. 
Julia Angwin is a senior reporter at ProPublica. From 2000 to 2013, she was a reporter at The Wall Street Journal, where she led a privacy investigative team that was a finalist for a Pulitzer Prize in Explanatory Reporting in 2011 and won a Gerald Loeb Award in 2010. 
Terry is ProPublica’s community editor. Prior to joining ProPublica, he led digital production and engagement at WDET 101.9 FM, NPR’s affiliate in Detroit. TAGS:",0
6184,THE WIKILEAKS LIST: At Least 65 Mainstrea Media Reporters Were Meeting with and/or Coordinating Offline with Top Hillary Advisors,"November 2015 Ads THE WIKILEAKS LIST: At Least 65 Mainstrea Media Reporters Were Meeting with and/or Coordinating Offline with Top Hillary Advisors   
A few of the “journalists” meeting offline with Hillary advisers 
Thanks to Wikileaks we now know that at least 65 mainstream reporters were working closely with the Clinton campaign this election year. They were invited to top elitist dinners with Hillary Campaign Chairman John Podesta or Chief Campaign strategist Joel Benenson. 
NO FOX NEWS REPORTERS MADE THE LIST! 
These 65 mainstream reporters CAN NEVER BE TRUSTED: 

As previously reported — At least 38 top national reporters attended a different dinner at John Podesta’s house in April 2015. 
The Clinton campaign sent out invites to New York reporters in April 2015 on their off-the-record meeting on how to sell Hillary Clinton to the public 
FOR ENTIRE ARTICLE CLICK LINK",0
6185,"Emergency Evacuations Ordered, Oroville Dam Spillway Near Failure","The California Department of Water Resources issued a sudden evacuation order shortly before 5 p. m. Sunday for residents near the Oroville Dam in northern California, warning that the dam’s emergency spillway would fail in the next 60 minutes. [The Oroville Dam is the highest in the nation.  An emergency alert issued on Facebook stated: EMERGENCY EVACUATION ORDER ISSUED: Officials are anticipating a failure of the Auxiliary Spillway at Oroville Dam within the next 60 minutes. Residents of Oroville should evacuate in a northward direction, toward Chico. Other cities should follow the orders of their local law enforcement. The emergency spillway, which is unpaved, was activated on Saturday morning to relieve the flow down the dam’s normal spillway, where a major hole appeared in recent days and began to widen. The height of the lake, once drained by drought and now swollen by recent rains and snow melt, had reached 901 feet above sea level when the emergency spillway was opened. Aux spillway at Oroville Dam expected to fail within hour. Oroville under mandatory evacuations, could have downstream effects in Sacramento pic. twitter.   —   Sacramento Fire (@SacFirePIO) February 13, 2017,  As Breitbart News reported in continuing coverage of the crisis, officials initially assured the public that evacuations would not be necessary, because the damage to the normal spillway appeared limited. They repeated those assurances on Saturday as the emergency spillway was used for the first time since the dam’s construction in 1968. Now, however, local ABC News affiliate KRCR reports that state officials warn the emergency spillway could suffer a structural failure. It is not clear whether that would lead to a structural failure of the dam itself, which would be a major ecological and economic disaster. #Evacuation area for #OrovilleDam #spillway. Immediate evac from the low levels of #Oroville  downstream areas ordered. pic. twitter.   —   bbdd333 (@bbdd333) February 13, 2017,  The Sacramento Bee quoted California Department of Forestry and Fire Protection spokesperson Mike Smith: “What they’re expecting is as much as 30 vertical feet of the top of the spillway could fail and could fail within one to two hours. We don’t know how much water that means, but we do know that’s potentially 30 feet of depth of Lake Oroville. ” Authorities said Sunday afternoon that they had increased the flow down the normal spillway to 100, 000 cubic feet per second, despite the damage, to relieve pressure on the emergency spillway. The Feather River flows south into the Sacramento River. Flooding could potentially affect the Sacramento River and surrounding areas. Update: A flash flood warning has been issued for significant parts of Butte County. The Butte County Sheriff has issued a warning: “This is NOT a drill. ” Immediate Evacuation Order  —   Officials: Oroville Dam In California Expected To Fail Any Moment  …     https:  .  pic. twitter.   —   #MAGADayVarela (@dayvarelat) February 13, 2017, Update (6:53 p. m. PDT): Officials speaking at a press conference indicated that releases from the normal spillway had reduced some of the erosion to the emergency spillway and lowered the level of the lake. They were optimistic that the expected failure of the emergency spillway might be averted. They explained that they had evacuated the region out of an abundance of caution. Update (8:30 p. m. PST): Officials are moving construction equipment into position in preparation for a daring operation to plug the hole in the emergency spillway by using rocks, which are to be dropped from helicopters. Meanwhile, there are unconfirmed reports of looting in the   town of Oroville (later denied by law enforcement see 11:30 p. m. update). Houses getting looted in my neighborhood. My sons best friend home got broken in to. My house is houses down #OrovilleDam #OrovilleSpillway,  —   Jen  —   Jmona (@JmonaReviews) February 13, 2017,  Update (8:36 p. m. PST): The Butte County Sheriff announces that county jails are being evacuated to other prison facilities shelters are being opened for displaced residents and Butte College facilities and buses will be shut down on Monday. A statement on Facebook indicates the situation at the dam is precarious: “The next several hours will be crucial in determining whether the concrete structure at the head of the auxiliary spillway remains intact and prevents larger, uncontrolled flows. ” Update (8:48 PST): Mark Finan of local NBC affiliate KCRA reports that the level of the lake has dropped to near 100% capacity  —   just over 901 feet above sea level  —   such that flow has effectively ended over the emergency spillway. At 8pm, Lake Oroville was at 901. 02′. Flow is now ending over the emergency spillway,  —   Mark Finan (@kcraFinan) February 13, 2017,  That does not mean the danger is past, but it should slow the erosion of the spillway  —   for now. Update (11:30 PST): A   press conference revealed that water had stopped flowing over the emergency spillway. Authorities plan to keep flow through the main spillway at about 100, 000 cubic feet per second, with a goal of lowering the level of the lake by 50 feet, which will help the lake absorb additional runoff from anticipated storms later in the week. Law enforcement said that there was no looting or violence in Oroville or neighboring towns, and that the rumor of looting had been started thanks to a coincidental   within Oroville at the time that the crisis began. Authorities said they hoped for drier weather, as well as cooler weather (to keep snow from melting on the mountains). The maximum flow rate of the main spillway was 150, 000 cubic feet per second current inflows were 40, 000 cubic feet per second. They planned to evaluate the damage to both the main and emergency spillways at first light Monday morning. Meanwhile, evacuation orders would remain in place for nearly 200, 000 people in the area below the dam. Joel B. Pollak is Senior    at Breitbart News. He was named one of the “most influential” people in news media in 2016. His new book, How Trump Won: The Inside Story of a Revolution, is available from Regnery. Follow him on Twitter at @joelpollak.",0
6186,BREAKING: Obama Just Caught Trying to Sabotage New Clinton Email Investigation… This is SICK | EndingFed News Network,"Email Print You know Hillary Clinton is getting desperate when she begins resorting to cheap tricks like this one… As you already know, yesterday the FBI announced that they will be reopening the Clinton email investigation following the discovery of new emails on Anthony Weiner’s laptop that Hillary thought she had deleted. Well, as a last ditch effort to try and save her career, President Obama stepped in last minute and Ordered Attorney General Loretta Lynch to tell Comey to back off and not release the information to the public! You see, technically Loretta Lynch is in charge of the FBI by being attorney general. She approached Comey directly when she learned about the information and ordered him to stand down, saying he was violating Department of Justice policy. According to her, it would “interfere with the election.” James Comey, however, was apparently sick and tired of being bossed around. He stared back at her and declared that he had a duty to Congress and the American people to let them know what is REALLY going on. Comey said, “I also think it would be misleading to the American people were we not to supplement the record.” So thank you, FBI Director Comey, for finally growing a pair and standing up to the Hillary Clinton and Obama machine. Now the American people know the TRUTH about Hillary Clinton, and that will end her reign of terror. If you want to show Comey your support, then share this out so everyone can see that the man is a hero just in case Obama uses some dirty trick to try and sabotage him too… Join us on Facebook to Stop The Takeover. Click on the button to subscribe. ",0
6187,The FBI Can’t Actually Investigate a Candidate Such as Hillary Clinton,"Eric ZUESSE | 05.11.2016 | OPINION The FBI Can’t Actually Investigate a Candidate Such as Hillary Clinton The power above the US Federal Bureau of Investigation (FBI) is the US Attorney General, and, above that person, the US President. That’s whom the FBI actually serves — not the US public. This is the reason why the FBI is having such internal tensions and dissensions over the investigation of Hillary Clinton: Not only is she the current President’s ardently preferred and designated successor — and overwhelmingly supported also by America’s aristocracy and endorsed by the aristocracy’s press — but the top leadership of the FBI have terms-in-office that (unlike, for example, the term of the US Attorney General) do not end with the installation of the next President; and these people will therefore be serving, quite possibly, the very same person whom they are now ‘investigating’. This is the reason why James Comey, the FBI’s Director, let Clinton totally off the hook on July 5th, when he declined to present the case to a grand jury: he and the rest of the FBI’s top management violated three basic principles of trying white-collar-crime cases when a prosecutor is serious about wanting to prosecute and obtain a conviction against a person — he (and they) wanted to keep their jobs, not be fighting their boss and their likely future boss. If America were an authentic democracy, there would be a way for the FBI to serve the public even when the US President doesn’t want it to. According to the only scientific study that has ever been done of the matter, the US federal government is a dictatorship not a democracy. This was reluctantly reported by the researchers, whose own careers are dependent upon the aristocracy which they were finding actually controls that government. They found that the US, at the federal level, is not a democracy but an «oligarchy», by which the researchers were referring to an «economic elite», America’s billionaires and centi-millionaires who control America’s international corporations and the ‘charities’ (such as think tanks) that are dependent upon them — including many that directly affect US politics, such as the think tanks or other way-stations for former US government employees to become hired by private firms. The authors of the only empirical scientific research-study that has been done of whether the United States is a democracy , or instead a dictatorship, excluded the very term «aristocracy» (or «collective dictatorship» such as an «economic elite» is if that «elite» actually is in control of the given nation’s government) from their article. They did this so as for the meaning not to be clear to the US public. In any country in the modern world where an aristocracy exists, aristocrats nowadays try to hide their power, not (like in former eras) display their power by crowns and other public symbols of ‘the nobility’. The closest the study’s authors came to using that term, «aristocracy», was their only sentence that employed the pejorative term for an aristocracy, «oligarchy». That obscure lone sentence was: «Jeffrey Winters has posited a comparative theory of ‘Oligarchy,' in which the wealthiest citizens — even in a 'civil oligarchy' like the United States — dominate policy concerning crucial issues of wealth and income protection.11"" Their 11th footnote made clear that they were referring here to the book Oligarchy , by Jeffrey A. Winters, which stated the ‘theory’ that this article had actually just confirmed in the American case. Their article mentioned the book — and the «oligarchy» — only in this one footnote, so that the authors of the article (whose own careers are dependent upon America’s ‘oligarchs’) won't be able to be accused by oligarchs (or in any way thought by their own financial benefactors — America’s aristocrats) to have called the US an «oligarchy» (a collective dictatorship by the few super-rich and their agents). To apply either term — «aristocracy» or «oligarchy» — to one’s own country, is now viewed as negative, an insult to the country’s controlling elite. Neither scholars nor scholarly publishers wish to insult the people who ultimately are their top funders. This article was written in the standard unnecessarily obscurantist style of social ‘scientists’ who want to be comprehensible only to their peers and not to the general public. Doing it this way is safer for them, because it makes extremely unlikely that their own benefactors would retaliate, against them or else against the institutions that hire them, by withdrawing their continued financial and promotional support (such as by no longer having them invited onto CNN as an «expert»). (This type of fear prevents theory in the social ‘sciences’ from being strictly based upon the given field’s empirical findings: it’s not authentically scientific. The physical sciences are far less corrupt, far more scientific. The biological sciences are in-between.) One particular reason why the authors never called the people who control the US government an «aristocracy», is that everyone knows that the Founders of the US were opposed to, and were engaged in overthrowing, the existing aristocracy, which happened to be British, and that they even banned forever in the US the use of aristocratic titles, such as «Lord» or «Sir.» Consequently, within the US, the only term that the aristocrats consider acceptable to refer to aristocrats, is «oligarchs», which always refers only to aristocrats in foreign countries, and so is considered safe by the aristocrats’ writers (including scholars and political pundits) to use. Everyone knows: in accord with the clear intention of America’s Founders , the US should eliminate from its citizenry any aristocrat (any self-enclosed and legally immune group that holds power over the government), but Americans naturally accept the existence of «oligarchs» in other countries (and «good-riddance to them there»), typically the ones in countries US foreign policy opposes and often overthrows by means of coup or outright military invasion (any form of conquest, such as in 2003 Iraq, or 2011 Libya). It’s fine to refer to other countries’ aristocracies as ‘oligarchies’, because any such foreign aristocracy can therefore be declared to be bad and ‘deserving’ of overthrow. Thus, any aristocracy that is opposed to America’s aristocracy (especially one that’s opposed to being controlled by the US aristocracy), and which wants to be controlling instead their own independent nation, can acceptably be overthrown by coup (such as Ukraine 2014 was) or invasion (such as Libya 2011 was). Thus, calling a foreign aristocracy an «oligarchy» is supportive of, not opposed to, the US aristocracy — and, so, «oligarchy» is the term the authors used (on that one occasion, and they never used the prohibited term «aristocracy»). Nonetheless, despite the cultural ban on describing the US as an «aristocracy», the authors were — as obscurely as they were able — proving that the US is an aristocracy, no authentic democracy at all. Or, again, as they said it in their least-obscurantist phrasing of it: « Economic Elite Domination theories do rather well in our analysis, even though our findings probably understate the political influence of elites. Our measure of the preferences of wealthy or elite Americans — though useful, and the best we could generate for a large set of policy cases — is probably less consistent with the relevant preferences than are our measures of the views of ordinary citizens or the alignments of engaged interest groups. Yet we found substantial estimated effects even when using this imperfect measure. The real-world impact of elites upon public policy may be still greater». ‘Greater’ than what? They didn’t say. That’s because what they were saying (as obscurely as possible) is that it’s probably ‘greater’ than is shown in the data that was publicly available to them, and upon which data their clear finding is that the US is an aristocracy, no democracy at all. Or, as they also put it: ""Economic Elite Domination theories do rather well in our analysis.» But, actually, «Economic Elite Domination theories» (virtually all of which come down to positing an aristocracy that consists of the billionaires — and centi-millionaires — and their corporations, and their think tanks, and their lobbyists, etc.) did phenomenally well, in their findings, not just ‘rather well’— they simply can’t safely say this. Saying it is samizdat, in the US dictatorship. They were allowed to prove it, but not to say it. So, that’s what they did. They didn’t want to «upset the applecart» from which they themselves are feeding. The simplest (but no less accurate) way of stating their finding is: the US, at least during the period the researchers probed, which was 1981-2002, was an aristocracy, no democracy at all. The US, in other words, was (even prior to the infamous Citizens United Supreme Court decision, which is making the aristocracy even more concentrated among even fewer people) a country of men (and women — that’s to say, of individuals ) not of laws; it’s a dictatorship, in short; it is not a country «of laws, not of men» . America’s Founders have finally lost. The country has been taken over by an aristocracy. And one of those «men» now, is actually Hillary Clinton, even though she is no longer officially holding governmental power. They know she soon might be. That’s why, the FBI cannot really, and seriously, investigate her. It’s not for legal reasons at all. It’s because of whom she is. In fact, purely on the basis of US laws, she clearly ought to be in prison . Any honest lawyer, inside or outside the FBI, has long known this, because the actual case against her is ‘slam-dunk’ , even though the FBI has refused to investigate it and has limited its ‘investigation’ only to peripheral ‘national security’ issues. (The #2 person at FBI, Deputy Director Andrew McCabe, right below Director James Comey, specified this limitation to his ‘investigators’. They simply weren’t allowed to investigate her, except on the hardest-to-prove crimes that she probably but not definitely did also do. The slam-dunks were just off-limits to them. McCabe’s wife’s political campaign had received $675,000 from the PAC of Terry McAuliffe , a close friend of the Clintons, who chaired Hillary’s 2008 Presidential campaign. And, even on the harder-to-prove matters, which FBI Director Comey declined on July 5th to pursue, they stood a strong chance of winning, if only Comey hadn’t prevented their moving forward to try — but those issues are tangential to the basic case against her, anyway.) There are at least six federal criminal laws which accurately and unquestionably describe even what Ms. Clinton has now publicly admitted having done by her privatized email system, and intent isn’t even mentioned in most of them nor necessary in order for her to be convicted — the actions themselves convict her, and the only relevance that intent might have, regarding any of these laws, would be in determining how long her prison sentence would be. I have already presented the texts of these six laws (and you can see the sentences for each one, right there), and any reader can easily recognize that each one of them describes, unambiguously without any doubt, what she now admits having done . Most of these crimes don’t require any intent in order to convict (and the ones that do require intent are only «knowingly … conceals», or else «with the intent to impair the object’s … use in an official proceeding», both of which «intents» would be easy to prove on the basis of what has already been made public — but others of these laws don’t require even that); and none of them requires any classified information to have been involved, at all. It’s just not an issue in these laws. Thus, conviction under them is far easier. If a prosecutor is really seeking to convict someone, he’ll be aiming to get indictments on the easiest-to-prove charges, first. That also presents for the prosecutor the strongest position in the event of an eventual plea-bargain. As Alan Dershowitz said , commenting on one famous prosecution: «They also wanted a slam-dunk case. They wanted the strongest possible case.» Comey simply didn’t; he wanted the hardest-to-convict case. His presentation was a brazen hoax. That’s all. That’s the real scandal, and nobody (other than I) has been writing about it as what it is — a hoax. But what it shows is that maybe the only way that Clinton will be able to avoid going to prison is by her going to the White House. Either she gets a term in the White House, or else she gets a (much longer) term in prison — or else our government is so thoroughly corrupt that she remains free as a private citizen and still above the law, even though not serving as a federal official. Even if she is convicted only on these six slam-dunk statutes (and on none other, including not on the ones that Comey was referring to when he said on July 5 th that, «Although there is evidence of potential violations of the statutes regarding the handling of classified information, our judgment is that no reasonable prosecutor would bring such a case»), she could be sentenced to a maximum of 73 years in prison (73 = 5 + 5 + 20 + 20 + 3 + 10 + 10). Adding on others she might also have committed (such as the ones that Comey was referring to, all of which pertain only to the handling of classified information), would mean that her term in prison might be lengthier still, but what’s important in the email case isn’t that; it’s to convict her on, essentially, theft and/or destruction of US government documents by means of transferring them into her private email and/or smashing hard drives. No one, not even a US federal official, can legally do that, and those six laws are specifically against it. Motive is important in Ms. Clinton’s email case, because motive tells us why she was trying to hide from historians and from the public her operations as the US Secretary of State: was it because she didn’t want them to know that she was selling to the Sauds and her other friends the US State Department’s policies in return for their million-dollar-plus donations to the Clinton Foundation , and maybe even selling to them (and/or their cronies) US government contracts, or why? However, those are questions regarding other crimes that she might have been perpetrating while in public office, not the crimes of her privatized email operation itself ; and those other crimes (whatever they might have been) would have been explored only after an indictment on the slam-dunks, and for further possible prosecutions, if President Obama’s people were serious about investigating her. They weren’t. Clearly, this is selective ‘justice’. That’s the type of ‘justice’ an aristocracy imposes. Why, then, did Comey finally switch to re-open the Clinton case? It wasn’t merely the discovery of some of her previously unknown emails on the computer of Anthony Wiener, husband to Hillary’s closest aide Huma Abedin. As Politico on October 28th reported , «Another former Justice official said Comey's letter [announcing the re-opening of Hillary’s case] could be part of an effort on his part to quiet internal FBI critics who viewed him as burying the Clinton probe for political reasons. ‘He’s come under a lot of criticism from his own people for how he’s handled this. He’s trying to gain back some of their respect,’ former Justice Department spokeswoman Emily Pierce said. ‘His ability to do what he does largely depends on the respect within his own ranks.’» Joachim Hagopian at Global Research headlined on October 30th, «The Real Reasons Why FBI Director James Comey Reopened the Hillary Email Investigation» , and reported: «Former federal attorney for the District of Columbia Joe diGenova spelled it all out in a WMAL radio interview last Friday just hours after the news was released that Comey had sent a letter informing Congress that the case is being reopened. DiGenova said that with an open revolt brewing inside the FBI, Comey was forced to go public on Friday with reopening the investigation. … Finally, diGenova dropped one more bombshell in Friday’s interview. An inside source has revealed to him that the laptops belonging to key Clinton aides Cheryl Mills and Heather Samuelson, both wrongly granted immunity , were not destroyed after all as previously reported, but have been secretly kept intact by investigating FBI agents refusing to destroy incriminating evidence as part of the in-house whitewash». In other words: Comey was between a rock (the resignation-letters piling up on his desk from subordinates who felt that no person should be above the law) and a hard place (his ability to stay on at the FBI and not have a scandal against himself bleed out to the public from down below). The US wasn’t yet that kind of dictatorship — one which could withstand such a public disclosure. In order for it to become one, the aristocracy’s control would have needed to be even stronger than it yet is. Also on the 30 th , Ed Klein in Britain’s Daily Mail bannered : EXCLUSIVE: Resignation letters piling up from disaffected FBI agents, his wife urging him to admit he was wrong: Why Director Comey jumped at the chance to reopen Hillary investigation James Comey revived the investigation of Clinton's email server as he could no longer resist mounting pressure by mutinous agents, sources say The atmosphere at the FBI has been toxic ever since Jim [Comey] announced last July that he wouldn't recommend an indictment against Hillary He told his wife that he was depressed by the stack of resignation letters piling up on his desk from disaffected agents. So, does this now mean that, finally, the FBI will bring before a grand jury the evidence that Hillary Clinton blatantly violated those six federal criminal laws against stealing and/or trying to destroy federal documents? There has never — at least since 1981 — been so severe a test of the extent to which this nation is (as those researches found it to have unquestionably been between 1981 and 2002) an «oligarchy». However, a serious criminal prosecution of Ms. Clinton would potentially start an unwinding of this dictatorship. The present writer will make no prediction. However, obviously, the results of the election on November 8th will certainly have an enormous impact upon the outcome. Since I think that anyone but a complete fool can recognize this much, I’m confident enough to assert it — a conditional about the future.",0
6188,Kurdish forces enter town near Mosul as Iraqi troops find mass grave,"November 8, 2016 Kurdish forces enter town near Mosul as Iraqi troops find mass grave 
Iraqi Kurdish fighters have exchanged heavy fire with militants as they entered a town held by Islamic State east of Mosul, while troops advancing south of the city discovered a mass grave containing an estimated 100 or so decapitated bodies. 
The offensive to reclaim the town of Bashiqa is part of the broader push to drive Isis out of Mosul, Iraq’s second-largest city, relieving those living under its brutal occupation, which has included mass killings. 
Email (will not be published) (required) Website Sow a seed to help the Jewish people Follow Endtime Copyright © 2016 All Rights Reserved Endtime Ministries | End of the Age | Irvin Baxter Endtime Ministries, Inc. PO Box 940729 Plano, TX 75094 Toll Free: 1.800.363.8463 DON'T JUST READ THE NEWS... understand it from a biblical perspective. Your Information will never be shared with any third party. Get a 2-year subscription, normally $29, now just $20.15. ONLY 500 deals are still available. Offer available while supplies last or it expires on December 31, 2015. close We are a small non-profit that runs a high-traffic website, a daily TV and radio program, a bi-monthly magazine, the prophecy college in Jerusalem, and more. Although we only have 35 team members, we are able to serve tens of millions of people each month; and have costs like other world-wide organizations. We have very few third-party ads and we don’t receive government funding. We survive on the goodness of God, product sales, and donations from our wonderful partners. Dear Readers, X close We have experienced tremendous growth in our web presence over the last five years. In fact, in 2010 we averaged 228,000 pageviews per month. Last year we averaged just over 2,000,000 pageviews per month. That’s an increase of 777% in five years! However, our servers and software are outdated, which causes downtime on occasion for many of you and additional work hours and finances to maintain for us at Endtime. Updating our servers and software as well as maintaining service for a year will cost us $42,000. If each person reading this gave at least $10, our bill to provide FREE broadcasting and resources to the world via our website would be covered for over a year! Learn more - Click Here ► Dear Readers,",0
6189,Identity Politics in America: a Post-Mortem,"Here is what eight years of President Obama’s “post-racial” reign have wrought.
The weekend before Election Day, Hillary Clinton grinned from ear to ear at a Cleveland rally while reciting a verse from Jay-Z’s remix of Young Jeezy’s “My President is Black.” As the rapper and his Black Lives Matter-promoting wife, Beyonce, beamed on stage nearby, pandersuit-clad Clinton twanged with a stilted accent:
“Remember, Jay memorably said: ‘Rosa Parks sat so Martin Luther could walk, and Martin Luther walked so Barack Obama could run, and Barack Obama ran so all the children could fly.'”
This would be comical if not for the noxious cynicism of it all. Clinton may not remember (if she was ever aware in the first place), but the original version of “My President is Black” is a brazen middle finger to nonblack America. Just a few lines after the verse Hillary quoted, the song taunts:
Hello Miss America, hey pretty lady
Red, white, and blue flag, wave for me baby
Never thought I’d say this s—, baby I’m good
You can keep your p—, I don’t want no more Bush
No more war, no more Iraq
No more white lies, the President is black
So the poster granny for liberal white privilege, groveling for black votes, kissed the rings of celebrity Obama BFFs Jay-Z and Beyonce by parroting an inflammatory anthem laced with profanities and radical racialized gloating.
Could there have been a more perfect beclownment to cap Clinton’s phony-baloney “Stronger Together” campaign?
After denigrating millions of Trump supporters as “deplorable” and “irredeemable” earlier this year, Clinton then unctuously confessed on election eve: “I regret deeply how angry the tone of the campaign became.”
Note the classic textbook employment of the passive voice to evade personal responsibility.
The good news is that after being blasted as haters by Clinton’s hate-filled minions, after being slapped down as racial “cowards” by Clintonite holdover Eric Holder, after being lambasted as “xenophobes” and “nativists” by immigration expansionists in both parties, after enduring a string of faked hate crimes blamed on conservatives, after ceaseless accusations of “Islamophobia” in the wake of jihad attacks on American soil, after baseless accusations of “homophobia” for protesting the government’s gay wedding cake coercion, and after mourning a growing list of police officers ambushed and targeted by violent thugs seeking racial vengeance, an undeniable movement of citizens in the 2016 election cycle decided to push back.
When all is said and done, one of the most important cultural accomplishments of Donald Trump’s bid will be the platform he created for Americans of all colors, ethnicities, political affiliations, and socioeconomic backgrounds to defy soul-draining identity politics.
Beltway chin-pullers expediently focused on Trump’s white and conservative supporters who are rightly sick and tired of social justice double standards. But they ignored the increasingly vocal constituency of hyphen-free, label-rejecting American People Against Political Correctness who don’t fit old narratives and boxes.
And the same “Never Trump” pundits and establishment political strategists who gabbed endlessly about the need for “minority outreach” after 2012 were flummoxed by the blacks, gays, Latinos, women and Democrats who rallied behind the GOP candidate.
The most important speech of the 2016 election cycle wasn’t delivered by one of the presidential candidates. It came from iconoclastic Silicon Valley entrepreneur/investor and Trump supporter Peter Thiel who best explained the historically significant backlash against the intolerant tolerance mob and phony diversity-mongers.
“Louder voices have sent a message that they do not intend to tolerate the views of one half of the country,” he observed at the National Press Club last week. He recounted how the gay magazine The Advocate, which had once praised him as a “gay innovator,” declared he was “not a gay man” anymore because of his libertarian, limited-government politics.
“The lie behind the buzzword of diversity could not be made more clear,” Thiel noted. “If you don’t conform, then you don’t count as diverse, no matter what your personal background.”
Trump’s eclectic coalition was bound by that common thread: disaffected individuals tired of being told they don’t count and discounted because their views do not properly “match” their gender, chromosomes, skin color or ethnicity. That is exactly why the more they and their nominee were demonized, the stronger their support grew.
“No matter what happens in this election,” Thiel concluded last week, “what Trump represents isn’t crazy and it’s not going away.” 
He’s right. I too often take for granted my own personal awakening about the entrenched tribalism of identity politics at a crazy liberal arts college in the early 1990s. The liberation from collectivist ideology is profound and lasting. Witnessing so many outspoken newcomers arrive at this enlightenment, however circuitous the route, has been the most encouraging and underappreciated phenomenon of the 2016 campaign.
Michelle Malkin is a senior editor at Conservative Review. For more articles and videos from Michelle, visit ConservativeReview.com. Her email address is malkinblog@gmail.com.
COPYRIGHT 2016 CREATORS.COM
",0
6190,Iraq ‘Ready For War’ With Turkey Over Who Should Control Mosul After Isis,"  
Iraq and Turkey are threatening to go to war with each other over who should hold power in Mosul and the surrounding region after the defeat of Isis . Turkish tanks and artillery have deployed along the border and Iraqi Prime Minister Haider al-Abadi has said that while Iraq “did not want war with Turkey” it is ready to fight one if necessary. 
The confrontation is sharpening as the Iraqi Army enters eastern Mosul and Shia militia known as the Hashd al-Shaabi advance towards the town of Tal Afar, threatening to cut Isis’s last escape route from Mosul to Syria . Turkey sees itself as the protector of the Sunni Arabs of Mosul and northern Iraq, a community left vulnerable by the likely defeat of Isis by Shia and Kurdish forces backed by US-led airpower. 
The dependence of the anti-Isis forces on air strikes and drones was underlined on Wednesday when Iraqi Special Forces delayed their advance into east Mosul because high humidity and clouds made it difficult for aircraft to identify and attack targets on the ground. They had entered the industrial suburb of Gogjali on Tuesday and were Wednesday going from house to house looking for Improvised Explosive Devices (IEDs) and booby traps. 
The population of Mosul east of the Tigris River, which divides the city in half, has in the past consisted largely of well-educated professional people such as doctors and engineers, few of whom are likely to be sympathetic to Isis. Residents in the east say they expected Isis to withdraw to the western side of Mosul, which is more sympathetic to them, crossing the five bridges spanning the Tigris which, the residents say, have been rigged with demolition charges. 
The Iraqi government reacted angrily to the possibility of Turkish intervention. “The invasion of Iraq will lead to Turkey being dismantled,” said Mr Abadi at a news conference in Baghdad on Tuesday. “We do not want war with Turkey, and we do not want a confrontation with Turkey, but if a confrontation happens, we are ready for it.” He added that Iraq would consider Turkey as an enemy and would deal with it as an enemy. 
The exchange of abuse between Ankara and Baghdad continued on Wednesday when Turkish Foreign Minister Mevlut Cavusoglu denounced Mr Abadi as “weak”, asking: “If you have the strength, why did you surrender Mosul to terror organisations? If you are so strong, why has the PKK occupied your lands for years?” Earlier Turkey’s deputy prime minister Numan Kurtulmus had tried to lower the temperature by saying that the military build-up was a precaution and not a threat. 
Iraqi leaders in Baghdad have long privately blamed Turkey for aiding or tolerating al-Qaeda-type movements like Isis which operated in Iraq, but the ill-will is now becoming more public on both sides. On 11 October President Recep Tayyip Erdogan launched a furious tirade against Mr Abadi, saying: “He insults me. You are not on the same level as me! You are not my equal! Scream all you want from Iraq! It will not change anything! We will do what we want to do.” On 23 October, Mr Erdogan further raised the stakes by asserting Mosul has historically belonged to Turkey and it should therefore play a role in determining its future. 
Turkey already has 700 troops at a base in Bashiqa, north of Mosul, and has been training a Sunni Arab militia force of former policemen from Mosul numbering about 2,500. This force is probably not big enough to make Turkey a player in the struggle for the city and political observers in Irbil believe Turkey will not intervene militarily. But this could change if the Hashd attack Tal Afar, whose Turkman population is about 80 per cent Sunni and which is the home town of many Isis commanders, judges and religious police. Turkey would also be energised if the PKK was visibly benefiting from developments in and around Mosul. Another more cynical interpretation of Turkey’s focus on Mosul is that it is to divert attention from its muted response to the Syrian and Russian assault on East Aleppo. 
The fall of Mosul is likely to give birth to a series of crises because the province of Nineveh, of which it is the capital, is a mosaic of warring sects and ethnic groups. After years of war these are divided by deep hatreds, with Yazidis, Kurds and Christians all accusing their Sunni Arab neighbours of complicity in Isis massacres. In Nineveh Plain most of the Sunni Arabs have fled into Mosul city fearing revenge from returning Christians and the Shabak minority who are largely Shia. 
Revenge is taking place within sectarian and ethnic groups, some of whom joined Isis while others fought it. Amnesty International says that pro-Iraqi government Sunni tribal fighters taking part in the Mosul operation are carrying out revenge attacks on men and boys in “liberated” areas suspected of belonging to Isis. Fighters from the Sabawi tribe, originally from Mosul, are said by Amnesty to have illegally detained civilians, beaten them with metal rods, given them electric shocks and tied some of them to the bonnets of vehicles and paraded them through the streets while others were placed in cages, according to interviews with local officials and eyewitnesses. Many people displaced from Mosul and surrounding towns and villages say they will not return home until security is restored and this is still a long way off. (Reprinted from The Independent by permission of author or representative)",0
6191,Letter of Recommendation: Presidential Biographies - The New York Times,"Late last year I started reading a biography of Chester A. Arthur. Quickly, I began to feel as if I’d wandered into the plot of a Philip K. Dick novel, or succumbed to an especially unnerving fever dream. The book, by Zachary Karabell, tells the story of a deeply unpopular and untrustworthy New Yorker who, against all odds, achieves the presidency. Arthur, a   emblem of the   culture of the day, was never even elected to the highest office. His ascent was made possible by Charles J. Guiteau, the man who gunned down President James Garfield in a railroad station, thus promoting Arthur from the vice presidency. To contemporaries, the situation seemed dire. Arthur’s administration surely would be defined by unprecedented greed and corruption, full of woefully underqualified appointees lacking any experience in government. Even the most optimistic American could hardly have imagined that Arthur’s presidency would be a success. But as I continued reading, I was astonished to discover that Arthur redeemed himself. He championed   reform, hobbling the “spoils system” with which he had been so closely associated. He restored faith in the presidency, and faith in what the presidency can restore in its occupants. “No man ever entered the presidency so profoundly and widely distrusted as Chester Alan Arthur,” wrote the Gilded Age journalist Alexander K. McClure, “and no one ever retired . .. more generally respected, alike by political friend and foe. ” I finished the biography in late 2016, but found myself still carrying it with me as Donald J. Trump prepared to take office. I wasn’t rereading it, not exactly. Sometimes, when my dog lingered by a particularly intriguing tree, I’d open it up to a passage I’d marked. Other times, it served as a base for my phone, as if it were in conversation with the disquieting tweets I scrolled through. And during those notably edgy moments in late January, I’d hold onto it tight, like a security blanket, or just want it nearby, so that I could occasionally tap on it like a talisman. As an American historian, I’ve long relied on presidential biographies for edification and pleasure. If I’m using biographies to write a book or an essay, I have them propped up on a stand, next to my highlighters, pencils,   Notes and paper clips. But now my work doubles as an antidepressant these books are rife with the kind of horrors that led half of the country to believe, at any given time, that they were living out the end of the American experiment. I now surround myself with presidential biographies the way I would tissues if I had the flu. There’s a stack of them next to my bed, a few by the front door and some more next to the couch. You’ll spot them on my windowsill and   table, above the fridge and in my bathroom. They’re hidden around my car, and just this morning I remembered that I’d tucked a small published conference paper on George Washington’s nationalism into the interior pocket of my North Face puffy jacket. This obsession comes with a physical cost. The tomes make the straps of my bag dig painfully into my shoulder. Even the slenderest of biographies from the Arthur Schlesinger presidential series runs around 200 pages, and a Ron Chernow joint will push past 800. There are other costs, too. Having found some solace in these countless moments of national resilience amid chaos, I find myself constantly pushing these biographies onto others, believing in their therapeutic powers, and replacing my own copies time and again. Calvin Coolidge had a major depressive episode and basically checked out, I texted a worried friend  —   but we survived, I added, asking for her address. F. D. R. was an aristocrat before he contracted polio, I told another over drinks, reluctantly sliding over a   volume about how suffering transformed him. Ronald Reagan tried and failed to do away with the Energy and Education Departments, I told an acquaintance who teaches English. I was lugging around a thick George H. W. Bush book a few months ago when I decided, on the walk to an event where I’d be speaking, against reading from the biography and instead to read a segment I’d written for my podcast, “Presidents Are People, Too!” The event’s hosts quickly cued up a recent photo of Bush and his wife, which shone behind me as I read a letter George wrote about Barbara in 1943. The audience howled at the line “she is so very young and so darn attractive. ” But they might have laughed harder at the concerned email he wrote to his eldest granddaughters when they were off on spring break, shortly after he came across what he called the “’u2009‘Wild College Women’ TV show. ” Presidential biographies don’t tell you that everything is going to be O. K. but rather that nothing was ever really O. K. to begin with. And yet, for hundreds of years, Americans have not only survived heartbreaking, backbreaking periods but also stood tall in them. My advice, for these divisive times, is to find the perspective that history gives us. The next time you feel anxious or incensed, or even if you feel hopeful and gratified, turn off the television. Close your laptop. Silence your phone. Go ahead and put it   down for the rest of the evening. Instead, choose to hang out with the likes of President Chester A. Arthur: It’s good for your health.",0
6192,Russian Official Apologizes for Doping Problem but Says Athletes Shouldn’t Be Barred - The New York Times,"Russia, facing deepening scrutiny over accusations that it orchestrated a doping campaign during the Sochi Olympics in 2014, on Sunday made a public plea for its track and field athletes to be allowed to compete in this summer’s Games in Rio de Janeiro. Writing in The Sunday Times, a British newspaper, the Russian sports minister said Russian officials, coaches and athletes made “serious mistakes,” but he stopped short of specifying them or admitting to any state role. “We are very sorry that athletes who tried to deceive us, and the world, were not caught sooner,” wrote the sports minister, Vitaly Mutko. “We are very sorry because Russia is committed to upholding the highest standards in sport and is opposed to anything that threatens the Olympic values. ” But he added: “It cannot be right that clean athletes should suffer for the behavior of others. In no other walk of life would this happen. ” The accusations of an elaborate drug operation at the 2014 Winter Olympics, published last week in The New York Times, have led to growing calls to bar Russia and its powerhouse track and field team from the Rio Games, which are set to open in August. Craig Reedie, the president of the World   Agency, told the BBC on Saturday that it was “highly unlikely” that Russia’s antidoping agency would be declared compliant with world sports rules in time for the Games. Russia was provisionally suspended from international track and field competition by the International Association of Athletics Federations in November after WADA issued a   report that outlined a pervasive culture of doping among the country’s sports programs. The I. A. A. F. is expected to decide next month whether the country has done enough to fix the problems and have its eligibility reinstated. In the New York Times report, Grigory Rodchenkov, a former director of Russia’s antidoping laboratory, detailed how a doping program that involved dozens of athletes unfolded at the Sochi Games. Dr. Rodchenkov said state antidoping experts and members of the intelligence service covertly replaced tainted urine samples with clean ones collected from the athletes months earlier, before they started doping. Russia has reacted to the accusations with statements both deploring the use of   drugs by its athletes and vigorously rejecting contentions that it was involved. On Thursday, the Russian sports ministry acknowledged in a statement that doping problems existed among its athletes while expressing “shock” over Dr. Rodchenkov’s disclosures. Speaking to reporters the next day, a spokesman for President Vladimir V. Putin said, “All this simply looks like slander by a turncoat. ” The deputy sports minister, Yuri Nagornykh, said Russia and the athletes named in the Times article were considering whether to file a defamation lawsuit. On Sunday, Mr. Mutko struck a much more conciliatory tone. He said Russian officials were doing all they could to stamp out doping by the country’s athletes. He also said that aspiring Olympians would be subjected to additional tests and that two “international experts” were now based in Moscow to supervise the country’s antidoping agency. “We have done everything that has been asked of us by the I. A. A. F. in order to be reinstated,” Mr. Mutko wrote in The Sunday Times. However, he added, the scourge of doping extends worldwide. To single out Russia would be unfair, he said. “The Olympic Games should be a cause of unity,” he said. “Barring Russia’s athletes from competing in Rio would risk tearing this unity apart. ” Peter Donnelly, the director of the Centre for Sport Policy Studies at the University of Toronto, said on Sunday that Mr. Mutko had touched on a legitimate problem with how doping violations are handled by sports governing bodies. The International Olympic Committee and world sport federations need to find ways to target punishments at those who are complicit in an athlete’s doping, Dr. Donnelly said, adding, “It’s difficult for me to see how punishing all pending Russian Olympic track and field athletes can be considered as justice. ”",0
6193,"I'm Not Voting ""For"" Donald Trump. I'm Voting To Stop The Clintons From Consolidating Power.","Getty - Tim Sloan IJR Opinion is an opinion platform and any opinions or information put forth by contributors are exclusive to them and do not represent the views of IJR. 
A Donald Trump or Hillary Clinton presidency is rather mind-boggling to many of us. At last check, there are over 300 million people in the United States, and we can't find anyone better than HRC and 'The Donald'? 
Sadly, we are watching the American presidential election devolve into a competition between the DNC and the GOP as to who can put forward the most corrupt, asinine, power hungry candidate possible. Although the race to the bottom is a voting conundrum for both sides, the extreme left has posited a unique argument that can help social conservatives when it comes to personal principles and the voting booth. 
In a world where biological sex is gleefully separated from gender identification, shouldn’t it be acceptable that one might separate selecting a candidate from voting for him or her? Put another way: if having male genitalia doesn't necessarily make you male, then selecting someone for president doesn’t necessarily mean that you voted for that person. Right? 
This type of disconnected reality is only fair if everyone can play the game. Wow - this is an existential moment! I feel better already. To quote The Kinks : “Girls will be boys, and boys will be girls. It’s a mixed up, muddled up, shook up world…” 
Thank you, transgender community, for helping me work through this “mixed up, muddled up” election. Although I will select Donald Trump for President of the United States, I will not be voting for him. 
That’s right. I’m voting for three reasons and three reasons only: 
I’m voting to curtail the Clintons' power. 
I’m voting to curtail the Clintons' power. 
I’m voting to curtail the Clintons' power. 
There you have it: three solid reasons for selecting Donald Trump without voting for him. It’s time to be pragmatic. It’s time to select a candidate who will create the greatest amount of disturbance within the system albeit with the least amount of power. 
Who might that be? Let’s see: “ eeny, meeny, miny, moe , H-R-C has got to go! ” Really, people - how long are we going to elect the same old political hacks who have consolidated their power for decades? 
It is amazing that in a “free” country we’ve allowed the Clintons to run the DNC (and thus a fair portion of Washington, D.C.) for nearly 30 years! They have manipulated the system for their personal gain to the tune of $110 million! They are willing to sell our country to the nation or company that will pay the highest speaking fee . They lie, cheat, and steal their way to the top. 
Is this not problematic? Power - and the lack of - is the most important thing for the next president, yet the media isn’t discussing it. 
Here’s the most substantial difference between Donald Trump and HRC. If elected, Donald Trump would have a fraction of the power of HRC. For crying out loud: 2/3 of the GOP is already against him . Do you hear any major resistance rising up against HRC by DNC insiders? No. Progressives should wake up to the fact that if they vote for HRC, then they prove that their Occupy Wall Street, stick-it-to-the-man gig is a complete sham. 
Indeed, if progressives vote for HRC, then they’re either quintessential hypocrites who couldn’t care less about the American people or they’re complete idiots being played like a drum by the powers that be in the DNC. 
Make no mistake about it. I’ll select Trump’s name for president, but I’m not voting for him. Rather, I’m voting to limit the power of the presidency; I’m voting to stop HRC’s quest to become the first Queen of America by wielding the power of her husband’s former kingship. 
Wake up, America! We fought a revolution to prevent such a consolidation of power. I would like to think Americans are smart enough to stop the Clintons from gaining even more of it. 
Proverbs 15:27 - “He who is greedy for gain troubles his own house.” ",0
6194,"Lady Gaga at the Super Bowl: No Controversy, Lots of Glitter - The New York Times","Lady Gaga went for one big, glittering, diverse party with her Super Bowl halftime show. “We’re here to make you feel good,” she declared  . At her N. F. L. news conference, she had promised a statement of “inclusion,” an upbeat and uncontroversial stance, and she made good on it as she began her set, singing a few lines each of “God Bless America” and “This Land Is Your Land” and reciting the “one nation indivisible” conclusion of the Pledge of Allegiance. Wearing a shiny, silvery,     bodysuit and matching   boots, with a glittery mask painted around her eyes, Lady Gaga was lowered through the air, on suspension cables, into NRG Stadium in Houston, showing off a   flip. And she started belting her hits, with a nod to the local audience: “Poker Face” announced, “I want to hold ’em like they do in Texas. ” One of those hits was “Born This Way,” her   anthem of   for all kinds of people. “You’re black, white, beige, chola  ’re Lebanese, you’re orient,” she sang, and later, “No matter gay, straight, or   transgendered  ’m on the right track   was born to survive. ” It was doubtless the first time the word “transgendered” had been sung at a Super Bowl halftime show. Dozens of dancers of multiple skin tones and genders joined her, matching her moves in exultant line dances and embodying her message of empowerment as a shared celebration. But most of the show was simply about   pop fun: songs like “Telephone,” about dancing at clubs, and “Bad Romance,” about falling in love and lust. It was a megamix of her songs spanning her career, from her 2008 debut single, “Just Dance,” to “Million Reasons,” the power ballad from her 2016 album, “Joanne. ” She sang “Million Reasons” from a piano as people waving orange electric torches made patterns that radiated across the football field that was her relatively still point in a fiercely athletic performance. “The Super Bowl is what champions are made of,” she declared as “Bad Romance” revved up. Lady Gaga has proudly presented herself as the continuation of generations of    showbiz troupers, a tradition of fervent effort and   spectacle delivered with joy. She sang with hardworking gusto throughout the set, even as she covered considerable yardage strutting and kicking, prancing and gesticulating, pumping her hips and shaking hands with fans. It was a show of shiny costumes and big smiles, of a huge group of dancers all sharing the same moves, an outpouring of energy that was eager to please everybody. Lady Gaga ended it with one last strut, up a ramp, and a   gesture that has been used by both rappers and an  : a microphone drop, earned with sweat.",0
6195,"John Key, New Zealand’s Prime Minister, Says He Will Step Down - The New York Times","SYDNEY, Australia  —   New Zealand’s prime minister, John Key, surprised the country on Monday by announcing he would resign next week, citing a desire to spend more time with his family. Mr. Key, 55, has been in office since November 2008 and led the conservative National Party to election victories in 2011 and 2014. The next election is scheduled for next year, and Mr. Key had been seen as the likely favorite. Though many people were asking why, answers were elusive. “I think he decided he was simply done with politics particularly when this year his friend David Cameron in the U. K. decided to step down as prime minister and another friend of his, Barack Obama, will next year leave office,” said Stephen Levine, a professor of political science at Victoria University of Wellington. Mr. Key, a former Merrill Lynch executive, said Monday that he had never wanted to be a career politician and did not know what he would do next. “Throughout these years I have given everything I could to this job that I cherish, and this country that I love,” he said in a statement. “All of this has come at quite some sacrifice for the people who are dearest to me  —   my family. ” Shelley Mackey, a spokeswoman for Mr. Key, said the prime minister had decided to leave office for personal reasons. Mr. Key said that he would resign on Dec. 12 and that his party would choose a new leader and prime minister that same day. Mr. Key said he would support whomever the party chose but that he would vote for Bill English, his deputy prime minister and finance minister, if Mr. English put his name forward. “The expectation is that Bill English will be the new leader of New Zealand,” Professor Levine said. Mr. English, 55, declined to comment. Mr. English was involved in Mr. Key’s initiative to partly privatize   utilities and, like the prime minister, was an enthusiastic supporter of the   Partnership, the multilateral trade deal that has been put in doubt with Donald J. Trump’s election to the presidency of the United States. Mr. Key was prime minister during the 2011 earthquake in the city of Christchurch that killed 185 people. During his tenure, Mr. Key pushed for New Zealand to adopt a new flag, saying the old one symbolized a bygone colonial era. But voters chose to keep the old flag in a nationwide referendum. Mr. Key successfully negotiated the first visit of a United States warship to New Zealand in 30 years. The Sampson, a guided missile destroyer, arrived at the port of Auckland last month as part of the 75th anniversary celebrations of the Royal New Zealand Navy. New Zealand’s Nuclear Free Zone, Disarmament, and Arms Control Act of 1987 declared that the country’s sea, air and land space were   zones. But Mr. Key successfully negotiated the visit of the Sampson without generating internal political controversy or compromising American policy that neither confirms nor denies its vessels are carrying nuclear weapons, Professor Levine said.",0
6196,Transgender People Will Be Allowed to Serve Openly in Military - The New York Times,"WASHINGTON  —   Defense Secretary Ashton B. Carter on Thursday removed one of the final barriers to military service by lifting the Pentagon’s ban on transgender people serving openly in the armed forces. “Effective immediately, transgender Americans may serve openly,” Mr. Carter said. “They can no longer be discharged or otherwise separated from the military just for being transgender. ” The decision pushes forward a transformation of the military that Mr. Carter has accelerated in the last year with the opening of all combat roles to women and the appointment of the first openly gay Army secretary. He made his feelings on ending the transgender ban clear last year, when he called it outdated and ordered officials across the military to begin examining what would need to be done to lift it. When Mr. Carter ordered that assessment, there were already thousands of transgender people in the military. But until Thursday, most had been forced into an existence shrouded in secrecy to avoid being discharged, a situation much like that faced by gay men, lesbians and bisexuals before the lifting of the “don’t ask, don’t tell” policy in 2011. Transgender people have “deployed all over the world, serving on aircraft, submarines, forward operating bases and right here in the Pentagon,” Mr. Carter told reporters. “The lack of clear guidelines for how to handle this issue puts the commanders and the service members in a difficult and unfair position. ” For many transgender people, the lack of clarity described by Mr. Carter has resulted in them being forced out of uniform. Army Capt. Sage Fox, 43, was in the reserves when she told her unit that she was transgender in November 2013. A month later, she was placed on inactive status and has not done any reserve duty since. She called the end of the ban “thrilling news,” and said she expected to be reactivated as a reservist in the coming weeks. She was confident that the military would adapt. “We’re military officers. We are trained to be adaptable, and I get so frustrated when people think we’re not going to be able to deal with this,” she said in an interview. “You’re on the battlefield, the situation changes in the blink of an eye, we adapt and overcome. That’s what we do. ” Mr. Carter said the Pentagon would cover the medical costs of those in uniform who are seeking to undergo gender transition, though it would expect new recruits who are transgender to spend at least 18 months in their transitioned gender identity before joining the military. The Pentagon also plans to begin a broad, yearlong training program about the changes for service members up and down the ranks. The military’s top leaders, including Gen. Joseph F. Dunford Jr. the chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff, were on board with ending the prohibition, Mr. Carter said, although none of the military’s top brass appeared with him for the announcement. Lifting the ban on transgender people has faced resistance from some at the highest ranks of the military, who have expressed concerns over what they consider to be a social experiment that could potentially harm the military’s readiness and effectiveness in combat. When Mr. Carter in July 2015 first ordered the military to begin examining how to lift the ban, he indicated the work would be completed earlier this year. But as winter turned to spring and the ban remained in place, “I think everyone was raising questions about what was going to happen,” said Aaron Belkin, the director of the Palm Center, a research institute that has studied the effects of having gays, lesbians and transgender people in the military. Still, the announcement on Thursday came faster than Mr. Belkin would have predicted when he began to press for lifting the transgender ban three years ago, after the end of “don’t ask, don’t tell. ” “I thought it would take 10 or 15 years” he said. Mr. Belkin said that the end of “don’t ask, don’t tell,” the opening of combat roles to women and the lifting of the ban on transgender people were “all about the same idea  —   that job assignments should be based on merit, not about gender identity or sexuality. ” Those within the military who did not feel similarly were unsurprisingly silent on Thursday. Republicans in Congress were not. Senator Jim Inhofe of Oklahoma, a Republican member of the Senate Armed Services Committee, called for the new policy to not be carried out until Congress could convene hearings. And Representative Mac Thornberry of Texas, the chairman of the House Armed Services Committee, released a statement saying he would examine “legislative options to address the readiness issues associated with this new policy. ” “Our military readiness  —   and hence our national security  —   is dependent on our troops’ being medically ready and deployable,” Mr. Thornberry said. “The administration seems unwilling or unable to assure the Congress and the American people that transgender individuals will meet these individual readiness requirements at a time when our armed forces are deployed around the world. ” But several studies on the issue have concluded that lifting the ban is unlikely to have any appreciable effect on the readiness of the armed forces. Estimates of the number of transgender service members have varied, but the number most often cited comes from a study by the RAND Corporation and commissioned by Mr. Carter. It found that out of the approximately 1. 3 million   service members, an estimated 2, 450 were transgender, and that every year, about 65 service members would seek to make a gender transition. Providing medical care to those seeking to transition would cost $2. 9 million to $4. 2 million a year for the Pentagon, which spends about $6 billion of its $610 billion annual budget on medical costs for   service members, according to the report, which was completed in March. The report also said that if the Pentagon did not cover medical procedures like hormone therapy and surgery, transgender service members would probably not seek medical care and could have higher rates of substance abuse and suicide. Making the announcement on Thursday, Mr. Carter said the Pentagon had studied the experience of allied countries that already allow transgender people to serve in their militaries, such as Britain, Australia and Israel. He also cited the experience of companies such as Boeing and Ford, which offer health insurance policies that cover the costs of gender transitions. “That’s up from zero companies in 2002,” Mr. Carter said. “Among doctors, employers and insurance companies, providing medical care for transgender individuals is becoming common and normalized in both public and private sectors alike. ” But as much as any practical concern played into the decision, Mr. Carter said it was also “a matter of principle. ” “Americans who want to serve and can meet our standards should be afforded the opportunity to compete to do so,” he said. “After all, our   force is built upon having the most qualified Americans. And the profession of arms is based on honor and trust. ”",0
6197,"Hillary Thugs IDENTIFIED, Homeless Woman Protecting Trump Star Gets Justice","Hillary Thugs IDENTIFIED, Homeless Woman Protecting Trump Star Gets Justice Posted on November 1, 2016 by Rebecca Diserio in News Share This 
In a sad story that went viral, thugs beat up a homeless black woman who was defending Donald Trump’s star on Hollywood Boulevard. Now, those thugs have been identified. Shockingly, these Hillary Clinton thugs are nothing but bullies who beat up anyone supporting Trump, even the elderly and disabled, but the good news is, the homeless black woman is getting much-deserved justice. A black homeless woman was beaten up by Hillary thugs for protecting Donald Trump’s “star”& supporting him in this election. 
After an idiot took a jackhammer to Donald Trump’s Hollywood “Star of Fame,” one brave black homeless woman decided to protect it from further damage. That brought out the Hillary bullies, but there was one problem. None of them could be identified because   kept the best video evidence from getting out. 
Now, Paul Joseph Watson of Infowars has obtained a clear copy of what happened, and we now have enough evidence to identify the attackers. In the video, Watson does an excellent job of identifying two of the Hillary bullies. One he calls “ Trigglypuff ,” an obese woman who may identify as a man, is wanted for felony assault by Los Angeles police, and another man, who ironically is wearing a cross necklace, taunted the homeless woman, saying, “Didn’t I tell you about five minutes ago that no I would not defend you because you spewed hate and you got hate, you got exactly what you were dishing out.” “Trigglypuff” (the name given to social justice warriors who get triggered) is caught on video, wanted by police for felony assault. The thug who yelled, “Didn’t I tell you,” is caught on video and also wanted by Los Angeles police for aiding and abetting a felony assault. 
The California homeless woman sat on the star with a sign that read, “20 Million Illegals and Americans Sleep in the Streets In Tents, Vote For Trump.” That was the “hate” she was spewing, and here is the backward logic the Hillary bullies are selling, as Watson sarcastically points out , “Didn’t I tell you if you disagree if you dare disagree with our retarded political opinions you get physically attacked by a sack of sh*t [Trigglypuff] and by the way it’s your fault for spewing hate.” 
Another thug can be heard saying not to call an ambulance as they continue to laugh at the victim, but there is a silver lining. This latest video gives the police all they need to formally identify “Trigglypuff,” who is wanted for felony assault and those other thugs who aided and abetted the felony crime of beating this homeless woman. 
This incident has gotten so much attention, and the police are very motivated to do everything they can to track down these Hillary bullies. It’s just a matter of time, and they will be positively identified. In the meantime, Trump dispatched one of his representatives to Los Angeles to find the homeless woman to give her “something.” I’m sure Trump was moved by this woman’s plight, and what he is offering will help her in the dire situation she finds herself in. 
This story was not on any mainstream media networks, but imagine if the homeless woman was a Hillary supporter and Trump supporters beat her up. We all know it would be reported on 24/7 on CNN and MSNBC with panels of experts discussing Trump and his supporters who commit acts of violence. 
As Watson concludes in his video, the only thugs acting out after this election will be the paid Hillary bullies who time after time have shown up at Trump events and used violence against peaceful citizens. Luckily, their sick reign of shame and violence is coming to an end as Hillary is falling apart and Trump will be elected our next president.",0
6198,U.S. Forces Play Crucial Role Against ISIS in Mosul - The New York Times,"HAMAM   Iraq  —   One week after Iraqi forces began their push into western Mosul, American firepower is playing an essential role in softening the opposition from the Islamic State. The thunderous booms from howitzers near Hamam   a town along the Tigris River, are just part of the American military’s contribution to keeping the Iraqi offensive moving forward. Capt. Geoffrey Ross, who commands the unit of   artillery here, said his soldiers had been a lot busier than he had anticipated. “It’s considerably more than we thought we were going to shoot when we left Fort Hood,” he said on Saturday, as one of his howitzers hurled another round toward Mosul, 15 miles to the northwest. At Qayyarah Airfield West, a sprawling Iraq base 40 miles south of Mosul, a United States Army task force fires Himars   rockets at targets. Apache attack helicopters, equipped with Hellfire missiles, stand ready to carry out their missions from the base’s airfield. Not to mention the punishing airstrikes by American and allied warplanes and drones. A flurry of attacks were carried out by the   coalition in and around Mosul on Saturday, some involving the dropping of multiple bombs. That firepower, the decision to position American advisers closer to the fighting, and the determined efforts of the Iraqi forces themselves have yielded some notable gains. Iraq’s federal police have fully secured the Mosul airport, while Iraq’s elite counterterrorism service seized a nearby military base last week. That ground has been taken at a cost. Four Iraqis were killed in action and 53 wounded on Friday, according to an American official who requested anonymity to discuss the statistics, which have yet to be officially published. That is a small fraction of the approximately 500 dead and 3, 000 wounded that Iraqi forces suffered in their push to secure the eastern half of the city during an earlier,   offensive. But the toughest part of the battle  —   the    combat in the narrow streets of the old part of western Mosul  —   still lies ahead. The Islamic State’s military tactics have also added to the challenge. With the encouragement of the Americans, the Iraqi strategy has been to mount an attack on multiple axes to present the militants with more problems than they can handle. But the Islamic State, also known as ISIS or ISIL, has responded at times by concentrating its firepower on what it believes to be the Iraqis’ main line of attack. In ISIS’ version of combined arms warfare, it has sent drones equipped with bombs even as it lobbed mortars and deployed suicide car bombers, whom the militants use as a primitive but often effective way to deliver   munitions. Iraqi troops have been spooked by the ISIS drones, which sometimes hover in swarms of three to five. Neither the American nor the Iraqi military has an easy remedy. Trying to jam the drones might interfere with the Iraqis’ own communications, and it is not always easy to shoot them out of the sky. So the United States military has used its firepower to try to mitigate the drone problem, just as it targeted ISIS’ car bomb factories, mortar teams and command posts. On Saturday, the   command announced that it had struck a “staging area” for launching drones and a cache of the weapons. Qayyarah West, which was once known as Saddam Airbase and is called   by American soldiers, is a pivotal base for the Mosul offensive. Runways at the air base, captured from the Islamic State in July, have been repaired by American combat engineers, which makes it an important logistics hub and a useful platform for projecting power. First Lt. Mary Floyd, a    officer who was raised in South Carolina, has been focused on doing exactly that. The commander of a platoon that fires Himars rockets, she helped flatten a   building the American military says Islamic State militants were using as a command post shortly before the Iraqis began their offensive to take western Mosul. Over the past week, she said, her platoon launched rockets toward Mosul 10 to 20 times. Military officers have a name for the two platoons that fire Himars that are deployed at the base: Task Force Thor. Firing rockets into a densely populated city is a tricky proposition. But the rockets’ satellite guidance, perpendicular angle of attack and the fact that they can accommodate a relatively small warhead have led the military to turn to it during previous urban fights, including the 2006 battle for Ramadi and the 2007 struggle for the control of Haifa Street in Baghdad. The United States is not the only nation supporting the Iraqis by firing artillery. French artillery has been active as well. Hamam   was taken by Iraqi forces in November, and a mass grave of ISIS victims was later uncovered near an agricultural college there. Now, United States Army crews live and even sleep inside their Paladin artillery units, waiting for orders to fire. Captain Ross declined to say precisely how many rounds his soldiers had fired. But he said they were ready to shoot day and night and could “range the entire city. ”",0
6199,Want a Zika Test? It’s Not Easy - The New York Times,"MIAMI  —   After returning from a honeymoon in the Dominican Republic, Jamie   asked to be tested for the Zika virus. Ms.   28, a publicist in Rochester, N. Y. wants to get pregnant, but not before she knows her body is Zika free. But she and other   parents are quickly learning that getting a Zika test isn’t easy. As worries about the spread of the virus in the United States continue to mount, public health department labs in Florida and New York City are running at or close to capacity, while private commercial labs have won emergency approval to run Zika tests and have ramped up their testing capacity. But that doesn’t mean that just anybody can get a test. Even people like Ms.   who have compelling reasons to be tested for a virus known to cause devastating brain defects in the fetus, can’t walk into a local health department and get tested on demand. That’s because the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention has issued strict guidelines about who should be tested, giving priority to pregnant women with possible exposure to Zika and people with   symptoms. Already public health officials in Florida say they face a backlog of tests for pregnant women, some of whom may be waiting to make decisions about whether to have abortions if they test positive. But the C. D. C. ’s testing policy largely ignores a sizable subgroup of women and men also at risk  —   those who are trying to conceive but fear they have been exposed to Zika. The C. D. C. recommends women contemplating pregnancy avoid travel to areas where Zika transmission is occurring and, if they have traveled, says they should wait at least eight weeks before trying to conceive. But it does not recommend testing. Guidance for men is inconsistent. Although the virus can persist in sperm for months after exposure, the C. D. C. recommends that men who may have been exposed to the virus have protected sex for at least eight weeks after potential exposure unless they have symptoms. The World Health Organization just changed its recommendation to six months of protected sex for men and women. Neither group recommends testing. The restrictions are aimed at preventing an onslaught of requests for Zika tests that could clog the system and prevent public health officials from identifying new cases quickly. They also shape medical practice and influence insurance coverage, making doctors reluctant to order tests and insurers unwilling to cover the costs  —   between $229 and $800 on the private market  —   if patients don’t fit the C. D. C. ’s testing criteria. In the case of Ms.   and her husband, her obstetrician and primary care doctors declined to refer her for testing because she didn’t meet the criteria. “If I have to wait a year, I will, because you want a healthy baby,” said Ms.   who booked her trip to the Dominican Republic almost a year ago, long before Zika had emerged as a threat. She and her husband already have a    son and want to conceive now so the children are close in age. “If I could conceive sooner rather than later, that would be good for our family,” she said. Public health experts say the restrictions are necessary to ensure that people most at risk have access to testing. “We aren’t interested in stimulating the testing of simply anxious people,” Dr. William Schaffner, an infectious diseases specialist and the head of preventive medicine at Vanderbilt University Medical Center. “We want health care providers to provide the appropriate counseling and to be selective in the use of this test, as they are in the use of any other test. ” Laboratories and public health agencies say they are inundated with requests for tests, but declined to provide specifics. Julie Kliegl, the president of   Laboratories, a commercial lab in Lee’s Summit, Mo. said the demand for Zika testing had doubled between July and August. Clarissa Bradstock, the chief executive of Any Lab Test Now, a franchise company with headquarters in Alpharetta, Ga. said its central call center had been getting dozens of calls a day from people asking about Zika testing. The lab briefly offered   testing, in defiance of C. D. C. guidelines, but last week stopped the practice after one of the company’s testing partners raised concerns. “We’re just trying to respond to customers’ demands,” she said. “We don’t want to add to the hype, but we’re getting many people who want to conceive or are concerned about themselves or their partners being infected. ” One problem with private testing, health officials say, is that most commercial labs can’t offer all the tests needed to determine conclusively if a person has been exposed to the virus. Testing for Zika is surprisingly complex, and may require three tests to be sure of a result. One type is called a polymerase chain reaction, or P. C. R. designed to detect the active virus in blood and urine. The test is similar to those used for more common viruses like West Nile and influenza. But the P. C. R. test is reliable only if it’s used within a week or two of exposure. Since most people don’t have symptoms for Zika, many can’t pinpoint the date of exposure. While a positive P. C. R. test shows definitively that a person has Zika, a negative test does not mean a person is Zika free. If a P. C. R. test is negative, the next step is to test the blood sample for Zika antibodies. Antibody tests are not widely available and can also produce equivocal results. A negative antibody test means a person wasn’t exposed to Zika. But a positive result requires a third test to be sure the detected antibodies aren’t other viruses, such as dengue or chikungunya, both of which cause flulike symptoms and are present in Latin and South American countries. The third type, the plaque reduction neutralization test, or P. R. N. T. determines conclusively if a person was exposed to Zika. But the test is now done only by the C. D. C. and a limited number of local health department labs. For men, the story is even more complicated. Infected men can carry Zika in their semen for up to six months, but there is no approved test for screening semen. “Unfortunately, telling someone ‘you do not have Zika and never had Zika’ can be challenging. There are limitations to the best available tests,” said Dr. Jay K. Varma, the deputy commissioner for disease control at New York City’s Department of Health and Mental Hygiene. “There are situations in which we have to tell people, ‘We don’t know for sure whether or not you’ve been infected. We can’t conclusively say you were infected, and we can’t conclusively say you weren’t infected.’ That’s the limitation of the technology. ” For Elizabeth   33, of Los Angeles, the lack of reliable testing for women who want to conceive has been disappointing. Ms.   had her dream wedding in May on a beach in Puerto Rico, an active zone of   Zika transmission, and didn’t realize the impact it would have on her path to pregnancy. A cancer survivor, she consulted a fertility specialist after returning home to Los Angeles to talk about getting pregnant. “My doctor just said, ‘No, you can’t. No, you have to wait,’” Ms.   said. “It was kind of heartbreaking. ” Some medical groups are pushing back against the C. D. C. guidelines. On Thursday, the American Society of Reproductive Medicine, a membership organization that represents fertility experts, recommended that men and women who may have been exposed to Zika consider being tested and embark on fertility treatments only if tests are negative. But while the new guidelines incorporate the option of testing, Dr. Kristin Bendikson, an assistant professor of obstetrics and gynecology at the Keck School of Medicine at the University of Southern California, said, “If you aren’t sure, your best option is to wait two months. ”",0
6200,"BEWARE: Communists, Socialists and Progressives in the U.S. Congress!","0 comments Our Constitution REQUIRES us to defend from ALL enemies, foreign and DOMESTIC and that is the message Trevor Loudon puts forth in “ The Enemies Within ” 
“ The Enemies Within ” exposes the anti-American, Socialist, Communist and Jihadist sympathies of leading figures in the Democratic Party including Bernie Sanders, Barack Obama, and Hillary Clinton. 
Loudon uncovers the shocking Communist connections of many of our elected servants, which explains well why they do not act like servants…and instead like masters. 
Trevor Loudon has lived through the horrors of handing the reigns over to communist sympathizers in New Zealand. What is happening in the United States scares him. 
He points out that 100 Congressmen and 20 Senators could not qualify to obtain a basic security clearance to clean the toilets at any military base in the nation. Neither could Barack Obama. He discusses how many elected officials have close ties to Russia, China, Cuba and Venezuela and even Iran and North Korea. 
We have some serious problems in the United Stated and as the Apostle Paul told Timothy, they will wax worse and worse if we do not wake up! 
“ The Enemies Within ” is designed to show American voters exactly how modern communism works and how it impacts on your life, every single day. Just how do the communists win big on things like Obamacare and immigration “reform,” which go completely against the wishes of the American people?” This has been a “deliberately engineered attack” on the United States! 
Watch the trailer : 
Order your copy now at EnemiesWithinMovie.com 
“The Enemies Within” zooms in on the best-kept secret of modern politics. Almost no one is aware of the fact that fewer than 20,000 U.S. communists, socialists and extreme “progressives” are able to influence the politicians and even write the laws that control the lives of over 300 million Americans. 
This movie is a must have for your library! Order the movie today and share with your friends. How we stop the madness is by shedding the light on the insanity!",0
6201,Renting Rooms to Travelers Can Be a Source of Income Later in Life - The New York Times,"VALERIE VALDEZ, now 60, was separated from her husband, Ted, and living in a converted garage apartment in Santa Cruz, Calif. when he died of a heart attack in 2014. She faced a sudden loss of income and wondered how she was going to support herself. She owned a home in Noe Valley, an upscale San Francisco neighborhood, occupied by a tenant renting month to month. She gave the tenant notice and moved back into the house, which she had cleaned and repainted. She invited the friend of a friend as a paying guest for $60 a night, placed a listing on Airbnb and received two additional bookings right away. “This is going to work,” she remembers telling herself. “I’m going to be O. K. ” Ms. Valdez now lists the   home (she occupies one bedroom) on Airbnb, as well as Vacation Home Rentals, HomeAway and VRBO. The three bedrooms each list for $105 to $155 a night on Airbnb. On other sites she lists the entire house. Last year, she said, she hosted about 400 guests from 100 cities. Owning a cozy    in an idyllic location has long been a common dream of many    employees. But it’s hard work. Many baby boomers, though, are finding another way to become de facto innkeepers. “It’s an ingenious way of making money off this asset that you otherwise can’t monetize,” said Richard W. Johnson, director of retirement planning at the Urban Institute in Washington. Airbnb, in a 2015 study, identified people over 60 as the   cohort of its hosts, increasing by 102 percent that year, compared to its overall growth rate in the United States of 85 percent. Worldwide, the company estimates that about 260, 000 of its roughly two million listings are offered by hosts 60 and older. Of those, 64 percent are women. (The company doesn’t track marital status.) Other home rental companies also have older hosts, they say, but don’t break down statistics by age or gender. There is even a   specifically aimed at older people. Some 1, 500 individuals pay a $75 annual fee to belong to the Evergreen BB Club, which advertises    homestays for people over 50. Members are expected to be hosts as well as paying guests, contributing $20 a night to cover the cost of breakfast and incidentals. While some may have concerns about lost privacy or living with strangers, those who have taken the plunge say their experiences are largely worthwhile. Divorced in 2012, Jacque Schultz, 66, heard about Airbnb at a party and looked at the furnished but unused downstairs of her duplex, which has a separate entrance, as a potential profit center. “It was more house than I needed,” she said of the property, which is in Nashville. She added a luggage rack. Her guests have included European tourists, performers who come to the area for a gig and recent college graduates on job searches. During winter months, she visits family in Florida. Ms. Schultz says that the unit, which rents for $110 a night, is booked about 15 to 20 days a month. Airbnb says the average senior host receives about $6, 000 a year for about 60 days of work. The company charges hosts a 3 percent booking fee, as does Vacation Home Rentals. Fees at other companies vary. Having strangers nearby doesn’t faze her. “I’ve not had a single negative experience,” she said. She turned away one persistent guest who wanted to circumvent the registration process. She relies on Airbnb’s screening to weed out undesirable guests. “A potential host or guest is disqualified if he or she appears on state or national sex offender registries, terrorism designations or if they have been convicted of a violent crime, serious sexual offense and prostitution or   drug offenses,” Nick Shapiro, an Airbnb spokesman, wrote in an email. The company said its hosts can require guests to provide a government ID, like a driver’s license or passport. And they created a program called Verified ID for guests, which connects this offline identification to their Airbnb profile. The company says adding publicly available reviews and feedback also helps create an atmosphere of trust. Experts say hosting provides some nonmonetary benefits as well. It “allows you to stay in your home longer, adds a level of social engagement and provides some level of daily purpose,” said Ken Smith, director of mobility at the Stanford Center on Longevity. Opening your home to guests can mean almost always being on, as Elle La Forge, 65, found out when she began renting out the ground floor of her townhouse in the St. George neighborhood of Staten Island, a short walk to the ferry to Manhattan. She invested $5, 000, painted and installed a new floor, and added appliances, glasses, dishes and a microwave. For a private space that sleeps up to three, she charges $80 a night for one person and $10 a night for each additional person. “It does tie you down,” Ms. La Forge said. “I have my phone with me all the time. ” One guest, she recalled, phoned after departure for a lesson in paying tolls on the New Jersey Turnpike. But her solicitousness, and the general enjoyment she takes in helping point her guests to tourist attractions and other options, pays off. She is almost fully booked through September, she said. Airbnb said women over 60 are consistently the   in the company’s star system. Edward LeMay, 73, a retired accounting professor, is another popular host. He has augmented his pension and retirement income by renting out rooms in his rowhouse in the South End of Boston. The extra income has provided him with the means to take piano and voice lessons, and travel to Israel and Turkey with the Boston Gay Men’s Chorus. In comments online, guests praise his warm welcome and engaging conversation. Still, his hospitality has limits. For two couples looking to stay together during the crowded Boston Marathon event, he agreed to give up his own room. But then he received a belated   complaint letter from one of them about some minor repairs that were going on at the time. He did not need to reimburse the guests, but it still left a sour taste that they hadn’t recognized that he had gone out of his way to help them. “Even if someone is very nice, they aren’t necessarily going to be a good guest,” he said. Others prefer the reciprocity of Evergreen BB Club. Nancy Kennedy, 78, a weaver from Eureka, Calif. drives to shows to display her handmade rugs and stays with club members en route. “It’s a way to cut costs and make new friends,” she said. She discussed “politics and life” with one host. At another destination, the host told her where to find the key and left food in the refrigerator. Ms. Valdez has told friends and relatives about her experiences and encouraged them to join Airbnb as well. She has entertained German, French and Chinese tourists simultaneously. “It makes me feel like I am traveling around the world,” she said.",0
6202,"KIEV IN PANIC: Tymoshenko declares Third Maidan, emergency govt committee prepares martial law","KIEV IN PANIC: Tymoshenko declares Third Maidan, emergency govt committee prepares martial law November 14, 2016 - Fort Russ News - RusVesna - translated by J. Arnoldski - Ukrainian law enforcement and security agencies are preparing for possible protest actions in the country. A headquarters for responding to a surge of protest activities has been established at the base of the National Security and Defense Committee of Ukraine. This has been confirmed by Ukrainian journalists close to the headquarter’s structures. Among the planned measures is a crackdown on protest actions and the introduction of martial law in Kiev if the situation deteriorates to armed confrontation. The headquarters is headed by the national security committee’s secretary, Alexander Turchynov. According to insider sources, the special structure also includes Defense Minister Arsen Avakov, General Prosecutor Yuri Lutsenko, Chief of General Staff Viktor Muzhenko, SBU and intelligence representatives, and also people’s deputy Sergey Pashinsky. The first meeting of the headquarters took place on Sunday at the presidential administration. Several resolutions were adopted. The police have been ordered not to allow vehicles transporting protesters into the capital. Kiev authorities and law enforcement have been ordered to by all means prevent equipment and tents from being set up on the Maidan. The municipality is supposed to seek a court ban on holding mass actions in the center of the capital in order to enact this. MP’s from the coalition factions in parliament (the Petro Poroshenko Bloc and People’s Front) have been suggested to organize private security detachments out of athletes and staff to help security forces disperse actions if necessary. Intelligence services and the SBU have been tasked with investigating evidence of a “Russian trace” in the planned protests. They have also been instructed to look into shutting down TV channels and blocking internet sites. If all of these measures do not have the desired effect and protests are held on a large scale with the blockade of administrative buildings, then security forces could receive the order to disperse protests and arrest their leaders. Detachments of the National Guard, Armed Forces, and SBU special forces have been proposed to carry out such operations. At the headquarters meeting, the National Security and Defense Committee of Ukraine was instructed to prepare draft legislation on the imposition of martial law and a curfew in Kiev, sources have reported. The most likely pretext for protests will be the so-called “shock bills”, according to which as of October new prices are to be introduced for heating. Earlier, the Cabinet of Ministers raised them by 75-90%. Now, heating a two-bedroom apartment costs approximately 1,500 hryvnia, while the average salary is in the range of only 5,000 hryvnia. Earlier, authorities also raised the prices for electricity, gas, and cold water. Videos taken by locals have captured columns of military vehicles moving in the direction of Kiev. **** Novorossiya - translated by J. Arnoldski - Yulia Tymoshenko has urged Ukrainians to take to the streets on November 15th for an indefinite protest action in the center of Kiev. She stated this on Monday, November 14th, during a speech in the Verkhovna Rada. According to Tymoshenko, Ukrainian President Petro Poroshenko and the National Bank have become a bastion of corruption and the head of state has appointed his business partners to key positions in the country. “Today only the people can restore justice and put the government in its place. Tomorrow morning, citizens, including pensioners, will go out for an indefinite protest against the devaluation of the hryvnia, the increase in utility costs, and for returning their bank deposits,” she announced. Tymoshenko also added that the government is calling protesters “the hand of the Kremlin”, while in fact “people are just fed up.” “Officials hide behind the war, but they themselves are corrupting and robbing the country. Either the people will unite or the government will simply destroy the Ukrainian nation and Ukrainian state,” she emphasized. Information that Tymoshenko was preparing a new Maidan appeared as early as late September. It was reported that public organizations with links to her had purchased from 300 to 500 tents for use in mass actions. Tymoshenko recently stated that even Western Ukraine is starting to think positively about the country’s former president, Viktor Yanukovych. “If they think so in Galicia, then you can only imagine what thoughts people from other regions are having,"" she warned. Follow us on Facebook!",0
6203,"Obamacare shrinks employment, drives up premiums and deficit spending","Print 
“Premiums will go up sharply next year under President Barack Obama’s health care law, and many consumers will be down to just one insurer, the administration confirmed Monday.” The Associated Press explains at this link . Arizona will see the biggest spike (a whopping 116 percent), while Oklahoma will see a spike of 69 percent and Tennessee, Minnesota and Alabama will see spikes around 60 percent. The national average will be about 25%, the Obama administration says. 
Mary Katharine Ham recently wrote a column titled “ My Defective Obamacare Health Insurance Product Just Blew Up . Last year, her insurance plan’s cost went up “by almost 60 percent.” The plan had been purchased on the Affordable Care Act “marketplace.” This year, things got much worse: 
My premium is going up 96 percent. Ninety-six percent . My monthly payment, which was the amount of a decent car payment, is now the size of a moderate mortgage. The president refers to these for thousands of citizens as “a few bugs” when to us it feels like a flameout. 
For this astronomical payment, I get a plan with an astronomical deductible that my healthy family of three will likely never hit except in the most catastrophic of circumstances. 
Before Obamacare, she, like many other people , had a better plan at a lower price: 
During the run-up to Obamacare, President Obama referred to these plans as “junk” plans, but my family and I received perfectly good care and service through them. We were responsible, healthy citizens consuming a small amount of health care, paying out of pocket for most of it, and making sure we weren’t deadbeats should something catastrophic come to pass. Our health insurance was a rational and responsible purchase. 
But thanks to Obamacare, that plan no longer exists, even though Obama got Congress to approve Obamacare by falsely claiming that “If you like your health care plan, you can keep it.” (A claim that even biased left-leaning fact-checker PolitiFact later called the “ lie of the year .”) 
As Grace-Marie Turner of the Galen Institute noted in the Chicago Tribune, 
Obamacare inflation impacts everyone. August saw the biggest monthly gain in prices for medicine, doctor appointments and health insurance since 1984. . .The average employer-sponsored family policy now costs more than $18,000 a year. 
That means family coverage costs $4,400 more today than before the health law passed in 2010. So much for President Barack Obama’s promise families would save $2,500 a year. 
Further, the Government Accountability Office found the Obamacare website is a magnet for fraud. The office created 14 fictitious enrollees who were approved for $60,000 in health insurance subsidies. 
Turner argues that an expansion of Obamacare recently proposed by Hillary Clinton would “double down” on its failures, replicating on a much larger scale the flaws of the “health insurance cooperatives concocted by Obamacare. The co-op program cost taxpayers $2.4 billion, but 17 of the 23 state co-ops have failed.” 
Obamacare has already reduced employment in most states by between 1.5% and 3%, according to Georgetown University’s Tomas Wind. The “healthcare law will slow economic growth over the next decade, costing the nation about 2.3 million jobs and contributing to a $1 trillion increase in projected deficits, the Congressional Budget Office said in a report released” in 2014 .",0
6204,Flooding in the South Looks a Lot Like Climate Change - The New York Times,"Climate change is never going to announce itself by name. But this is what we should expect it to look like. That’s what many scientists, analysts and activists are saying after heavy rains in southern Louisiana have killed at least 11 people and forced tens of thousands of residents from their homes, in the latest in a series of extreme floods that have occurred in the United States over the last two years. That increase in heavy rainfall and the resultant flooding “is consistent with what we expect to see in the future if you look at climate models,” said David Easterling, a director at the National Centers for Environmental Information, which is operated by the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration. “Not just in the U. S. but in many other parts of the world as well. ” The flooding in Louisiana is the eighth event since May of last year in which the amount of rainfall in an area in a specified window of time matches or exceeds the NOAA predictions for an amount of precipitation that will occur once every five hundred years, or has a 0. 2 percent chance of occurring in any given year. Louisiana joins five other states, most of them in the South, that have experienced deadly flooding in the last 15 months, including Oklahoma, Texas, South Carolina and West Virginia. In the last three months alone, floods in Maryland, West Virginia and Louisiana have combined to kill dozens of people and damage tens of thousands of homes and vehicles. The National Weather Service reports that parts of Louisiana have received as much as 31 inches of rain in the last week, a number Dr. Easterling called “pretty staggering,” and one that exceeds an amount of precipitation that his center predicts will occur once every thousand years in the area. Dr. Easterling said that those sorts of estimates were predicated on the idea that the climate was stable, a principle that has become outdated. The third National Climate Assessment, released in 2014 by the United States Global Change Research Program, showed that “the amount of rain falling in very heavy precipitation events” had been significantly above average since 1991. However, the research did not identify the South as one of the areas of greatest concern the increase was found to be greatest in the Northeast, Midwest and Upper Great Plains regions of the United States. Some climate researchers warned Tuesday that it was too early to explain why so much of the country has faced sudden flooding. “It’s really hard to attribute things like this without a larger body of evidence,” said Barry D. Keim, the Louisiana state climatologist. “And, of course, the question keeps coming up: How large does that body of evidence have to get?” But others said that the situation was quite clear. “This is exactly what scientists have been predicting,” said the climate activist Bill McKibben. “The basic physics are simple: Warm air holds more water vapor, something that is turning out to be one of the most important facts of the 21st century. ” “And while Louisiana was flooding, there were also huge flood events underway in Moscow (biggest rains in 129 years of  ) the Sudan, Manila, and probably plenty of other places,” he added. For the last four years, the American Meteorological Society has attempted to explain how climate change has influenced individual extreme weather events. However, that type of analysis, known as event attribution, is not yet available for the flooding in Louisiana. Rob Moore, a senior policy analyst at the Natural Resources Defense Council, an environmental nonprofit, who focuses on climate change’s effect on water resources, said that state and local governments would have to change their approaches to keeping citizens safe from flooding. “If you look across all our natural disaster policies, they’re predicated on the wrong assumption that our flood risk in the future looks identical to our flood risk in the past,” he said. He said that initiatives like the National Flood Insurance Program, which focuses on helping people rebuild in areas that have been flooded, were increasingly “untenable,” given sea level rise. A report released earlier this month by the real estate sales company Zillow predicted that almost 1. 9 million homes, worth a combined $882 billion, would be lost to the rising sea levels  —   and the flooding likely to follow  —   that climate scientists expect to see by the year 2100. “When Zillow starts warning about sea level rise, it may be time to start worrying about sea level rise,” Mr. Moore said.",0
6205,Colombia Reports First Cases of Microcephaly Linked to Zika Virus - The New York Times,"CARACAS, Venezuela  —   Colombian health officials said on Thursday that they had discovered two cases of microcephaly linked to the Zika virus, the first to be confirmed in the country since the infection began to spread there late last year. But officials said that they did not expect the birth defects to reach the scale seen in neighboring Brazil, which has had more than 1, 000 cases of microcephaly, a disorder that causes infants to be born with unusually small heads. Fernando Ruiz Gómez, Colombia’s deputy health minister, has estimated that 95 to 300 children might be born with microcephaly and that about 380 patients will contract   syndrome, an autoimmune condition that has been tied to Zika cases and causes paralysis and, in some cases, death. The total number of Zika infections is projected to reach 200, 000 over the course of the outbreak, Mr. Ruiz said. Colombia recently said its Zika epidemic had peaked, and the new estimates are far below larger projections the government published earlier in the year estimating that as many as 600, 000 people would contract Zika. On Wednesday, the federal Centers for Disease Control and Prevention in Atlanta confirmed that Zika was the cause of severe birth defects, including microcephaly. Colombian health officials said one of the children with microcephaly had been born in the district that includes the capital, Bogotá. The second case appeared in the Norte de Santander department, whose main city, Cúcuta, borders Venezuela and has a large number of pregnant women who contracted Zika. Colombia has become a second battleground after Brazil in the fight against Zika in South America. It is also a breeding ground for the Aedes aegypti mosquito, which carries the virus. In addition to Zika, the country has also been combating a wave of related infectious diseases, which include dengue, yellow fever and chikungunya.",0
6206,Bernie Sanders’s Supporters Fume Over Hillary Clinton’s New Label - The New York Times,"Passionate supporters of Senator Bernie Sanders awoke enraged on Tuesday after learning that his slim hopes for winning the Democratic presidential nomination had been effectively dashed as a batch of superdelegates revealed their support for Hillary Clinton. After months of dancing around the phrase, news organizations on Monday night finally bestowed a   label on Mrs. Clinton: presumptive nominee. The Sanders campaign immediately assailed the media for rushing the process and undermining the will of voters who were set to head to the polls in six states on Tuesday. In a     email, Jeff Weaver, Mr. Sanders’s campaign manager, urged voters to defy the pundits and deliver a stunning series of victories for the Vermont senator. “We should let the voters decide who they want the Democratic nominee to be rather than having the media decide for them,” Mr. Weaver wrote. “I am asking you to continue to stand with Bernie in pushing for the political revolution. ” On social media, supporters of Mr. Sanders fumed at a system that they have increasingly felt is rigged against their candidate. Irate messages poured onto the “Sanders for President” message board on Reddit, an online discussion forum, with users promising to vote for Mr. Sanders regardless of what the superdelegates said. Some said they would vote for Donald J. Trump, the presumptive Republican nominee, and others suggested that Mr. Sanders join the Green Party and keep running against Mrs. Clinton. But the momentum that now favors Mrs. Clinton may be too much. The term “presumptive nominee” has no formal definition in politics. Yet traditionally when it is used to describe a candidate, a wave of endorsements carries that person to the nomination. Once The Associated Press, which prodded the superdelegates to come forward, declared Mrs. Clinton the presumptive Democratic nominee, the phrase soon reverberated across news outlets around the world. “There’s a bandwagon effect,” Douglas G. Brinkley, a presidential historian and professor at Rice University, said of being billed as a presumptive nominee. “Everybody starts coalescing around that candidate. ” The A. P. said it uses the term when it becomes clear a candidate for president will be formally nominated at a party’s convention. Television networks, newspapers and online media quickly followed The A. P.’s lead once it was determined that Mrs. Clinton had reached the 2, 383 delegates needed to clinch the nomination. Mr. Sanders and his campaign were clearly fearful that Mrs. Clinton would be called the presumptive nominee while primary voting was still going on, particularly with Tuesday’s contest in California, where polls have shown the two candidates to be close. But both candidates could be now exposed by The A. P.’s early call, which could dampen turnout among voters who think the race is over. Mrs. Clinton noted the importance of crossing the delegate threshold on Monday night, but avoided marking the moment as conclusive. If her voters stay home on Tuesday, a series of defeats would be an embarrassment and could buttress Mr. Sanders’s argument for why he should continue campaigning until the Democratic convention in July. Although the media was quick to give the designation to Mrs. Clinton, the Democratic Party did not. The Democratic National Committee has no official definition for the term “presumptive nominee. ” Mark Paustenbach, a spokesman for the committee, would not say if or when the D. N. C. would begin using “presumptive” to describe Mrs. Clinton. On the Republican side, Reince Priebus, chairman of the Republican National Committee, declared Donald J. Trump the presumptive nominee after he won the Indiana primary last month. For the time being, Mr. Sanders is still making arguments for why superdelegates should ditch his opponent and make him the nominee. Polls that show him performing better against Mr. Trump than Mrs. Clinton, and his energized   following, form the crux of his appeal. Mrs. Clinton, who eight years ago dropped her presidential bid and supported Barack Obama, can likely relate to the plight of Mr. Sanders despite her desire to focus on the general election. In 2008, Mr. Obama captured a majority of pledged delegates in May, but declined to declare victory. Mrs. Clinton insisted that the contest was not finished and argued that neither candidate would have enough delegates for the nomination. “This is nowhere near over,” Mrs. Clinton said at the time. The race went on for only two more weeks.",0
6207,"Captagon and Western-backed rebels: New drug, old story","Captagon and Western-backed rebels: New drug, old story Captagon? What’s that you may ask? Tweet Captagon is the addictive drug used by some of the numerous terrorists, jihadis, mercenaries and Western-backed rebels in Syria – including Al-Nusra and ISIS . Captagon (aka fenethylline, Biocapton or Fitton) was first produced in 1961 as a mix of amphetamine and theophylline. It became illegal in most countries in 1986 due to WHO pressure. Being a stimulant, it fuels feelings of euphoria, fearlessness and power, gives you an energy rush before the crash, and numbs emotions and empathy. These are of course all qualities which are ideal for soldiers who want to kill and not feel the pain. Apparently, captagon is playing a significant role in the Syrian War , both economically and in terms of its mood-altering ability. Multiple drug busts have occurred since 2010. Last year in November 2015, Turkish authorities confiscated 11 million Captagon pills (1800 kg and worth an estimated US$220 million) that were destined for Syria. Last month in October, Lebanese police seized 3.5 million Captagon pills that were headed for Saudi Arabia. Is the drug another avenue by which the Western alliance (NATO-US-UK) is trying to influence and control the outcome of the Syrian War? Drugs and Soldiers: A Connection Old as Humanity Itself 
There is long history of tyrants, monarchs, despots, army generals and military leaders feeding drugs to their soldiers to enhance their performance. A very early example is Alexander the Great, whose army relied on the opium poppy plant for its morphine (and from which modern heroin is made). The morphine allowed his soldiers to walk and fight with grave injuries and achieve astonishing feats of endurance. In more recent history, in both world wars, American and German soldiers used amphetamines during battle. Historian Norman Ohler recently released a book “Der totale Rausch” (which literally translates as “Total Rush”) which exposes the Nazi use of drugs during WWII. This article quotes Norman: “… the (German) soldiers used Pervitin, a German product patented in 1937 that contains methamphetamine, which is known today as crystal meth. It was freely available as a medicine until 1939. In Berlin, it became a drug of choice, like people drink coffee to boost their energy. People took loads of Pervitin, across the board. The company wanted Pervitin to rival Coca Cola. So people took it, it worked and they were euphoric …” 
The Nazi rise to power was fueled by their military industrial complex (funded by Americans and Wall St.), including IG Farben, their powerful pharmaceutical conglomerate which was the ancestor of Big Pharma today. Hitler himself was said to be addicted to opiates: “The first thing I wanted to see were the personal notes of Hitler’s personal physician Dr Theodor Morell – … these notes were quite elaborate, describing how he treated Hitler over the years, including things like “injection as always” and “Eukodal,” which is a strong opiate.” Captagon: The Force Behind Crazed ISIS Fighters? 
Can captagon explain, at least to some degree, the crazed attitude of ISIS fighters? We don’t have definitive proof, but we do have a collation of many anecdotes and quotes indicating that the amphetamine-based drug is a factor. The Washington Post collected these ones: “You can’t sleep or even close your eyes, forget about it,” said a Lebanese user (featured in this BBC documentary ) “and whatever you take to stop it, nothing can stop it.” “I felt like I own the world high.” “Like I have power nobody has. A really nice feeling.” “There was no fear anymore after I took Captagon.” “So the brigade leader came and told us, ‘this pill gives you energy, try it,’ ” he said. “So we took it the first time. We felt physically fit. And if there were 10 people in front of you, you could catch them and kill them. You’re awake all the time. You don’t have any problems, you don’t even think about sleeping, you don’t think to leave the checkpoint. It gives you great courage and power. If the leader told you to go break into a military barracks, I will break in with a brave heart and without any feeling of fear at all — you’re not even tired.” 
The world was first horrified by the cruelty of mercenaries like ISIS who were defiling historic sites and beheading prisoners. Was some of that barbarism due to drug-induced states? Where is the Captagon Being Made? 
The Cuban based website Prensa Latina released a short article in 2015 claiming that “according to experts, the North Atlantic Treaty Organization (NATO) began production of Captagon in 2011 in a laboratory in Bulgaria and it is now manufactured elsewhere in the world. Part of the profits from the illegal trade in Captagon, experts say, is used to finance armed extremist groups that are trying to overthrow the Syrian government led by President Bashar al-Assad.” 
The article, however, does not mention which “experts” it got its information from. While this fits in with what we know of NATO – a US-controlled, aggressive military organization which invades sovereign nations like Libya on the flimsiest of pretexts to gain territory and control for the New World Order – there still needs to be more research done to determine the source of captagon. Other sources suggest it is being produced in Sunni rebel areas. Captivated by Captagon 
The word captagon, coincidentally, is a mix of the words “captivate” and “Pentagon” – interesting given the addictive nature of the drug and the potential US role in providing it. War and drugs have a long history together, whether it be because the soldiers are been fed drugs by their commanders, or because the war itself is being fought over the land and fields that grow the drug-producing plants (Vietnamese and Afghani heroin, Latin American cocaine). In his article CIA Drug Wars Could Explain Why Syrian ‘Rebels’, ISIS Violence Fuelled by Captagon Pills , journalist Patrick Henningsen writes that: “the deliberate strategic dispensing of potent narcotics in a paramilitary, insurgency theater … is a common technique employed by US intelligence agencies … more often than not, these drugs are the X-factor which fuels the extreme violence we see, and it’s used to terrorize local populations and produces more extreme graphic imagery for western media consumption. The result: it aids in the generation of western fear, and public calls for Washington & Co to “step-up” its military activity in the region – in order to “keep us safe” in cozy America. A vicious cycle. Isn’t this what we’ve seen in Syria so far?”",0
6208,Garrison Keillor Turns Out the Lights on Lake Wobegon - The New York Times,"Garrison Keillor’s “A Prairie Home Companion” signed off the air for good on Saturday evening, after 42 seasons, as millions of listeners, many in their cars on a holiday weekend, tuned in via public radio. With the exception of a telephone call from President Obama, the show, which was recorded Friday at the Hollywood Bowl in front of 18, 000 people, ambled along the way it always has. There were pretty   songs an ad for Powdermilk Biscuits a   “Lives of the Cowboys” skit a heartfelt version of “Every Time We Say Goodbye. ” The phone call was telling. The   Mr. Keillor refused to allow the conversation to be about himself. He praised Mr. Obama’s “dignity and wit and humor” and the fact he’d “never had an awkward moment in all these years. ” When the president was finally allowed to speak about Mr. Keillor, he said, “One of the reasons I miss driving is that you kept me company. ” “A Prairie Home Companion,” he said, “made me feel better and more human. ” Mr. Keillor responded with awkward silence. The segment of the show that promised a bit of stronger emotional drama was Mr. Keillor’s final monologue, his concluding “News from Lake Wobegon. ” And it delivered, in its way, by not trying too hard to deliver. It was, to borrow words the former New York Times critic Anatole Broyard once used to describe a middling Philip Roth novel, “reasonably funny, reasonably sad, reasonably interesting. ” If that sounds dismissive, it’s not meant to be. Mr. Keillor has always worn his storytelling gifts casually. Here, he seemed to take a page from “Pontoon” (2007) one of his Lake Wobegon novels, in which he wrote, “You get old and you realize there are no answers, just stories. ” Mr. Keillor liked to say that his fictional town’s name, Wobegon, comes from an also fictional Indian word that means “the place where we waited all day in the rain [for you]. ” His final monologue was 17 minutes long and opened with a hymn to rain. About sunny days, he asked, “How many do we deserve?” As a boy, he said, sunny days meant ruined days. He’d have to go dig potatoes or play softball, for which he had no talent. How much more blissful to be indoors with an adventure novel. Mr. Keillor described a   day, even as the talk moved into the shadows. This monologue was a ghost tour, a rumination on impermanence. The narrator walked through his hometown and commented: “When you’ve lived in one place for so long, you go back and you are in a museum. Everywhere you go, there are the dead. ” Mr. Keillor’s fictional universe, in his radio shows and books, has often been compared to Sherwood Anderson’s “Winesburg, Ohio. ” The comparisons are apt. Like Anderson, Mr. Keillor has a feel for loneliness and isolation. In the final “News From Lake Wobegon,” Mr. Keillor’s narrator walks by the town’s Chatterbox Cafe (“the place to go that’s just like home”) and recalls where various locals, now dead, used to sit. One of these is Jack, from Jack’s Auto Repair, who made appearances in these monologues. In this monologue, Jack stood in for the listeners who dislike Mr. Keillor’s show, who’ve found it to be more Mayberry than Winesburg, an overly sugared Midwestern hot dish. (I sometimes felt this way, and have dialed the show out for years at time. On many other Saturday evenings over the decades, I’ve been overjoyed to find it during a long drive. The show could indeed be good company.) “Jack never cared for my radio show and he told me every time he saw me,” Mr. Keillor said. “He was a jazz guy. He did not care for sentimental songs about home. Though I did point out to him that half the sentimental songs about home are about wanting to leave home. ” Mr. Keillor reported talking to Larry, the owner of the town’s graveyard, who tells him he’ll be buried next to Jack. There’s no escaping one’s critics. As the monologue began to come to its close, Mr. Keillor, 73, spoke about how he might be remembered, if at all. “I am at that age now where people start to use the word ‘legacy,’ although there is no such thing and we all know that,” he said. “Radio has the permanence of a sand castle. Even books that are printed on   paper, they tend to migrate toward recycling rather quickly. ” It’s an interesting question, Mr. Keillor’s legacy. He left a lot of uncomplicated pleasure in his wake, and some complicated pleasure, too. For his show’s fans there are always reruns and downloads. For those of us who’ve gravitated more to his prose, which can be savvy and   the best news is that he’s said to be working on a memoir. It’s a book that, if he bears down, I’d wait in the rain for.",0
6209,Thought-Control Technology Enables Quadriplegic to Move Arm - Breitbart,"At Case Western Reserve University in Cleveland, Ohio, Bill Kochevar was able to eat independently for the first time in 8 years. [After a brutal cycling accident left Bill Kochevar completely paralyzed below the shoulders, he spent eight years without the ability to perform the most basic daily tasks for himself. But Dr. Bob Kirsch and his team of researchers at Case Western Reserve University have given Bill  —   and others like him  —   hope with the results of a new trial.  The trials were part of the “BrainGate2” project, which is focused on improving the lives of paralysis victims using   interfaces.  Before 36 electrodes could be placed into Kochevar’s arms, he first had to learn to operate a virtual hand with the two   electrodes planted in his brain. Those electrodes act as substitute nerve centers, using neuron activity to record signals to manipulate muscle. It took four months of hard work to prepare him for his victory. Kochevar, with the assistance of another   support system, was able to lift a cup and drink from a straw on his own. He was also able to feed himself forkfuls of mashed potatoes. And while that may not seem like much to most people, it’s a   change for someone whose body doesn’t obey even the most elementary commands. Kochevar said that it was “better than [he] thought it would be,” and that “for somebody who’s been injured eight years and couldn’t move, being able to move just that little bit is awesome to me. ” He didn’t even have to “really concentrate hard on it,” which speaks volumes about the success in and of itself. Dr. Kirsch said that BrainGate2 is “really breaking ground for the spinal cord injury community,” as “a major step toward restoring some independence. ” They are currently holding various trials at Massachusetts General Hospital, Providence Virginia Medical Center, and Stanford University in addition to Case Western Reserve. Their goal is to “provide natural, intuitive,   control of assistive devices” with their groundbreaking   implants. For people like Bill Kochevar, they’re just heroes. Follow Nate Church @Get2Church on Twitter for the latest news in gaming and technology, and snarky opinions on both.",0
6210,Howard Dean: ’We Have to Completely Change the Way We Approach Race in This Country as Democrats and as a Nation’ - Breitbart,".@GOVHOWARDDEAN: We have to completely change way we approach race in this country as Democrats and as nation #AMJoy https:  .  Former DNC chairman Gov. Howard Dean ( ) said Saturday on MSNBC’s “AM Joy” that Democrats, as well as the rest of the United States, need to “completely change the way we approach race in this country. ”  “We have to completely change the way we approach race in this country as Democrats and as a nation, and that will get us back into the power which we deserve and where we can benefit the country,” Dean told host Joy Reid. Follow Trent Baker on Twitter @MagnifiTrent",0
6211,Muslims BUSTED: They Stole Millions In Gov’t Benefits,"Print They should pay all the back all the money plus interest. The entire family and everyone who came in with them need to be deported asap. Why did it take two years to bust them? 
Here we go again …another group stealing from the government and taxpayers! A group of Somalis stole over four million in government benefits over just 10 months! 
We’ve reported on numerous cases like this one where the Muslim refugees/immigrants commit fraud by scamming our system…It’s way out of control! More Related",0
6212,VIDEO : Sean Hannity “The American People Have Finally Been Heard” – TruthFeed,"VIDEO : Sean Hannity “The American People Have Finally Been Heard” VIDEO : Sean Hannity “The American People Have Finally Been Heard” Videos By TruthFeedNews November 10, 2016 
Sean Hannity Reacts to Trump’s Historic Victory. 
“The Washington Establishment is TERRIFIED and they should be. These people do NOT get it. I’m going to try to explain it to them.” 
Watch the video: 
Support the Trump Presidency and help us fight Liberal Media Bias. Please LIKE and SHARE this story on Facebook or Twitter. ",0
6213,Theresa May Is Poised to Be Britain’s Next Prime Minister - The New York Times,"LONDON  —   Theresa May emerged on Monday as Britain’s next prime minister, becoming the second woman, after Margaret Thatcher, to hold that post. She faces multiple challenges as soon as she takes office, from negotiating the nation’s departure from the European Union to addressing deep social and political divisions to reviving a wounded economy. Her victory came on another day of rapid developments in British politics and set in motion a process that officials said would put her in 10 Downing Street by Wednesday night, succeeding David Cameron. Ms. May, until now Britain’s home secretary, is set to take over at a time of immense upheaval. The nation must not only negotiate its withdrawal from the European Union, a process fraught with economic and political risks, but it must also hold itself together amid a renewed clamor from Scotland for independence. Early signs are that Britain’s economy has already taken a substantial hit from the exit vote, or “Brexit. ” A Conservative like Mrs. Thatcher, who governed from 1979 to 1990, Ms. May, 59, has won a reputation for steeliness in her tenure as home secretary. She has pledged to negotiate a deal to leave the European Union that would reassert Britain’s ability to control immigration, a central issue in the referendum on June 23 on whether to leave the bloc. Yet unlike Mrs. Thatcher, Ms. May is seen as a relative moderate and on Monday she promised to address inequality, give workers greater representation on corporate boards and limit tax cuts. Ms. May said that she was “honored and humbled” to be chosen for the job, promised to get the best deal over Britain’s exit from the European Union, and vowed to create an economy that works not for the “privileged few,” but for all. The British referendum on June 23 plunged the European Union into crisis. It left Britain rudderless as the pound sank in value and both the governing and opposition parties engaged in fierce and acrimonious leadership battles. Mr. Cameron, who had supported remaining in the European Union, said after the referendum that he would resign once the governing Conservatives selected a new leader, a process that he had expected to last until September but that was drastically accelerated on Monday. After making a brief statement describing his successor as “strong” and “competent,” Mr. Cameron was caught on a microphone humming as he returned to his office. Mr. Cameron’s statement completed a day of high political drama in which Ms. May’s rival for the Conservative Party leadership, Andrea Leadsom, the energy minister, withdrew from the race. Leading party members quickly coalesced around Ms. May, insisting that the contest should not be reopened. A party committee agreed. Ms. Leadsom had already faced accusations  —   which she denied  —   of embellishing her curriculum vitae, but her campaign ran aground over the weekend after The Times of London published an interview in which she suggested that she was a better candidate because she is a mother, while Ms. May is not. Surrounded by supportive lawmakers, Ms. Leadsom on Monday made no reference to that issue, but said that she was quitting the contest and endorsing Ms. May, and that she hoped to see her installed as prime minister “as soon as possible. ” The turn of events meant that Ms. May would become prime minister without a general election and without completing the campaign she and Ms. Leadsom had been waging for the endorsement of the Conservative Party’s    members. Last week, the former Conservative cabinet minister Kenneth Clarke described Ms. May as a “bloody difficult woman,” noting that he had worked for another female politician of similar temperament, namely Mrs. Thatcher. Far from being insulted, Ms. May used the comment to suggest that her negotiating stance with European officials would be as tough as that of Mrs. Thatcher, who went into battle on the Continent, particularly over British financial contributions to the bloc. “Ken Clarke might have found me to be a ‘bloody difficult woman.’ The next person to find that out will be   Juncker,” she told fellow Conservative lawmakers, referring to the president of the European Commission, the bloc’s executive, ITV reported. But in a speech on Monday, Ms. May outlined an economic agenda unlike that of Mrs. Thatcher, calling for new mechanisms to curb executive pay and warning big multinational companies that they must pay their share of taxes. Ms. May has also been compared to Angela Merkel, the chancellor of Germany who, like Ms. May, is the daughter of a clergyman and is known for her   methodical and pragmatic approach. The   turmoil in Britain has also gripped the opposition Labour Party, prompting a challenge against its leader, Jeremy Corbyn, who has been accused of not campaigning hard enough against a British withdrawal from Europe. There were growing fears on Monday that the party might split because of the bitter dispute. Nevertheless, opposition politicians called for a general election and questioned Ms. May’s democratic mandate, since she will assume the job on the basis of an internal transfer of power within the governing party. So far, Ms. May has rejected the notion of a quick general election. Her top priority will be to frame a negotiating strategy for leaving the union, after the referendum in which she sided with those who wanted to remain. On Monday, Ms. May insisted that “Brexit means Brexit,” as she sought to reassure   that she was committed to the policy, adding that “there will be no attempt to remain inside the E. U. There will be no attempts to rejoin it by the back door, no second referendum. ” But, while 52 percent of voters supported Brexit, they did so for differing reasons, including reasserting national sovereignty and opposition to migration from within the bloc, which guarantees the right to live and work within any member nation. Ms. May is expected to take a tough stance on immigration in part because she is politically vulnerable on the issue. As home secretary, she failed to fulfill a Conservative pledge to control the number of people arriving in Britain. The numbers persistently exceeded targets and included arrivals of   which the government had the power to curb. Ms. May has signaled her intention to restrict migration from Europe, even if doing so hurt Britain’s position in negotiating a new trade deal with the bloc. She will also be under pressure from big business to secure the best possible access to Europe’s single market, which normally entails accepting the principle of free movement of workers across national frontiers. One important question for Ms. May is when to invoke Article 50 of the European Union’s governing treaty, which starts the withdrawal procedure. That effectively sets a   deadline for a deal to be struck. She has suggested that she intends to wait until her government has settled on its negotiating stance before invoking the article despite pressure from Europe’s leaders to act more quickly. On Monday she said more about her wider political agenda in a speech that offered plans to address some of the economic and social inequalities evident in Britain. Those include populist resentments thought to have motivated many   voters in economically depressed areas outside London and in the affluent southeast of England. “There is a growing divide between a more prosperous older generation and a struggling younger generation. And there is a gaping chasm between wealthy London and the rest of the country,” she said, positioning herself in a centrist tradition of “one nation” Conservatism. Speaking in Birmingham, England, Ms. May also called for efforts to increase productivity, for employees and consumers to gain seats on company boards and for votes on executive pay to become binding rather than advisory. Big multinationals should pay their share of taxes, she said, adding: “Whether you’re Amazon, Google or Starbucks, you have a duty to put something back, you have a debt to your fellow citizens, you have a responsibility to pay your taxes. ”",0
6214,"Numerous Fatalities in Orlando Workplace Attack, Gunman Dead as Well","Five people were reportedly shot and killed around 8 a. m. in a Florida business, with the attack being viewed as a scene of workplace violence rather than terrorism. [The gunman is also dead and law enforcement officials report the situation is contained.  According to WFTV, the business where the shooting occurred is located in a manufacturing where businesses include “Gerber Collision  Glass and Fiamma Inc. a manufacturer of RV awnings. ” The Orange County Sheriff’s Office (OCSO) tweeted: OCSO on shooting scene   multiple fatalities. Situation contained, Now investigating tragic incident  will soon have accurate information,  —   OCSO FL News (@OrangeCoSheriff) June 5, 2017,  The FBI is on scene with the OCSO. CNN reports that “Orange County Mayor Teresa Jacobs and Sheriff Jerry Demings are also on the scene. ” WKMG 6 reports that the gunman was a “disgruntled employee. ” According to the Associated Press, Orange County Sheriff Jerry Demings says that gunman in the Orlando workplace attack was a former employee who “had been involved in a previous workplace violence incident. ” He said the suspect had also been “accused of battering another employee inside the business. ” UPDATE 3:17 pm ET: Law enforcement identified the suspect in Monday morning’s shooting as John Robert Neumann, Jr. saying he killed five individuals at Fiamma Inc —  a manufacturing company in Orlando —  then turned the gun on himself. CNN quotes Orange County Sheriff Jerry Demings describing an attack where certain people were targeted. The sheriff said, “He was certainly singling out the individuals he shot. ” At some point during the incident the gunman came across a temporary employee and “told her to leave. ” He killed    Robert Snyder,    Brenda      Kevin Clark,    Kevin Lawson, and    Jeffrey Roberts. AWR Hawkins is the Second Amendment columnist for Breitbart News and host of “Bullets with AWR Hawkins,” a Breitbart News podcast. He is also the political analyst for Armed American Radio. Follow him on Twitter: @AWRHawkins. Reach him directly at awrhawkins@breitbart. com.  ",0
6216,Gold & Silver: Light At The End Of The Tunnel,"Financial Markets , Gold , Housing Market , Market Manipulation , Precious Metals , U.S. Economy Comex fraud , First Majestic , Gold , LBMA fraud , silver , silver eagles admin 
Gold and silver and the mining stocks still have tremendous YTD gains despite the highly manipulated take-down that has been orchestrated since early Wednesday morning. The smash has been executed entirely in the paper derivatives in London and NYC. De rigeur for the Central Banks. 
Eric Dubin discusses why we’ve probably seen the last of the downward manipulative pressure on gold and silver: Gold and Silver Decline Is Fading, Dow Rolling Over and Rory Hall published an article on Trump that accompanies the precious metals analysis and our Shadow of Truth episode to be released later today: The Trump Trojan Horse 
I moved checking account cash into my Bitgold account on Saturday, Sunday evening and this morning. I shorted Capital One at the open today and added to my First Majestic calls. At least I put my money where my mouth is, unlike most of the alternative fear porn promoters… Share this:",0
6217,"In a Retreat, Uber Ends Its Self-Driving Car Experiment in San Francisco - The New York Times","Uber’s grand experiment of a   car service in its hometown officially lasted only a week. On Wednesday, Uber ended the autonomous car service in San Francisco after defying California officials who had told the company to stop the service because it was illegal. The company lacked the necessary state permits for autonomous driving, state officials have said. In a statement on Wednesday, the company said it ended the pilot program after the California Department of Motor Vehicles revoked the registrations for its   cars. “We’re now looking at where we can redeploy these cars but remain 100 percent committed to California and will be redoubling our efforts to develop workable statewide rules,” the company said. Uber has tended to barrel into new markets by flouting local laws, part of a combative approach to expand globally. Uber began a pilot of its   experiment in Pittsburgh in September, which is continuing. Yet the defeat in California on   vehicles is one of a growing number of setbacks. The company gave up on its own   service in China this year, choosing instead to invest in a local incumbent, Didi Chuxing. It has also turned tail or reduced its presence in other markets, including some cities in Germany. A day before Uber began its pilot, state regulators were explicit about their demands that the company adhere to the rules. In a statement on Dec. 13 about the testing of autonomous vehicles, the Department of Motor Vehicles said: “We have a permitting process in place to ensure public safety as this technology is being tested. Twenty manufacturers have already obtained permits to test hundreds of cars on California roads. Uber shall do the same. ” Nonetheless, as recently as Friday, Uber remained defiant. It said that it had no intention of ending its test and that its   cars were still on the road and picking up passengers. Uber officials contended that under the letter of California law, the company did not need a permit because the Motor Vehicles Department defined autonomous vehicles as those that drive “without the active physical control or monitoring of a natural person. ” Uber said its modified,   Volvo XC90s required human oversight, and therefore did not fit California’s definition of an autonomous vehicle. Companies such as Google and Tesla Motors have all gotten such permits. “This rule just doesn’t apply to us,” Anthony Levandowski, vice president of Uber’s advanced technologies group, said in a conference call with reporters last week. “You don’t need to wear a belt and suspenders and whatever else if you’re wearing a dress. ”",0
6218,"Omar Mateen Posted to Facebook Amid Orlando Attack, Lawmaker Says - The New York Times","JENSEN BEACH, Fla.  —   The gunman who committed the massacre at a popular gay nightclub in Orlando used multiple Facebook accounts to write posts and make searches about the Islamic State. “Now taste the Islamic state vengeance,” he declared, denouncing “the filthy ways of the west. ” He even searched for references to the massacre while he was carrying it out, a United States senator said. In his posts, the gunman, Omar Mateen, called on the United States and Russia to stop the bombing campaign against the Islamic State, the extremist group that controls parts of Syria and Iraq. He pledged allegiance to the group’s leader, Abu Bakr   and said, “may Allah accept me,” Senator Ron Johnson of Wisconsin wrote in a letter to Mark Zuckerberg, Facebook’s chief executive. “You kill innocent women and children by doing us airstrikes,” Mr. Mateen wrote, according to the letter. “Now taste the Islamic state vengeance. ” And in what Mr. Johnson described as the gunman’s final post, he wrote, “In the next few days you will see attacks from the Islamic state in the usa. ” Mr. Johnson, a Republican who leads the Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs Committee, wrote in his letter to Mr. Zuckerberg that officials had found that “five Facebook accounts were apparently associated with Omar Mateen. ” The letter asked Facebook to share all data on accounts tied to the gunman. Mr. Mateen frequently used Facebook to search for information on law enforcement agencies and terrorist groups, Mr. Johnson wrote. And on Sunday morning, during the siege at Pulse, “Mateen apparently searched for ‘Pulse Orlando’ and ‘Shooting. ’” More information came to light Thursday about Mr. Mateen’s troubled work and school history, and about his actions leading up to the slaughter at Pulse nightclub on Sunday that left 49 people dead and 53 wounded in the worst mass shooting in United States history. In the weeks before the shooting, Mr. Mateen, 29, went to a gun store here in Jensen Beach, Fla. and tried to buy   body armor and at least 1, 000 rounds of ammunition, said a   of the store, Robert Abell. He said the store, Lotus Gunworks, did not stock the type of armor sought by Mr. Mateen, who lived nearby, and a salesman grew suspicious of Mr. Mateen’s behavior during a visit that lasted perhaps five minutes, including a telephone conversation he conducted in a foreign language, and refused to sell him bulk ammunition. “Something in his gut told him it was wrong,” Mr. Abell said of the employee. He said the store contacted the F. B. I. but had no information by which to identify the customer only after the killings did an employee recognize Mr. Mateen, who used an assault rifle and a handgun in the attack. “Unfortunately, nobody connected the dots, and he slipped under the cracks, and this is where we’re at now,” he said. School records released under public records requests showed that Mr. Mateen, who was born in Queens and grew up in Florida, was frequently in trouble as a child, and struggled to keep pace academically, especially in the early grades. He was disciplined 31 times in elementary and middle school, with one report when he was in third grade including a sweeping list of concerns. He was “constantly moving, verbally abusive, rude, aggressive,” the report said, often put his hands on other students, disrupted class and engaged in “much talk about violence  sex. ” In high school, he was repeatedly suspended, for a total of 48 days, in a span of less than two years, and attended three different schools. The last suspension came two days after the Sept. 11, 2001, attacks. The Martin County School District found no detailed records of what prompted the penalty, said Kim Sabol, a lawyer for the district, but former classmates have told news organizations that he celebrated the attacks, sparking conflicts with other students. In May 2001, when he was 14, he was suspended twice for fighting, and one of those times he was arrested, according to personnel records from his later work for the State Department of Corrections. In a note explaining the incident to the department, he wrote he was not taken to jail, and “the charge of battery was adjudicated and the charge of disturbing school function was dropped. ” From October 2006 to April 2007, Mr. Mateen worked for the Florida Department of Corrections as a corrections officer trainee, earning $1, 123. 35 every two weeks, according to state records. He was dismissed but the records do not say why, except that it was not for misconduct. He received middling scores on a performance evaluation. He worked for a private security company, where, according to law enforcement officials and a former   he talked of killing people, and claimed to support or belong to Islamist extremist groups. He also expressed hatred of gay people. The leader of the Orlando police SWAT team added new detail to accounts of the massacre and defended the handling of the siege, saying that a lot of people believe, wrongly, that “we weren’t doing anything for a long period of time. ” “From the beginning of this, officers were running inside and trying to save people,” Capt. Mark Canty said. “They were setting up around the outside trying to figure out how to get people out. ” Officers rescued people escape throughout a   standoff, including removing an air conditioner from a wall to allow several people in one room to climb out. Officials decided to storm the club after Mr. Mateen threatened to strap himself and hostages with explosives, which later turned out to have been a bluff. Law enforcement teams used explosives to try to blow a hole in the outer wall of the club, but they did not completely breach it. Then they used an armored vehicle to make a hole by ramming the building, but they had to do it repeatedly, Mr. Canty said, trying to find the spot where some people were trapped. A battery pack that officers saw through the bomb squad robot camera  —   which led them to believe there were explosives inside  —   turned out to have been from an exit sign or a smoke detector, Mayor Buddy Dyer said. Federal law enforcement officials said Thursday that the F. B. I. is increasingly skeptical of reports that Mr. Mateen was gay but “closeted,” that he had been visiting gay clubs or that he had used gay dating apps. The bureau has recovered the Samsung phone he used the night of the attack, and is trying to retrieve data from it. Investigators believe his wife, Noor Zahi Salman, drove Mr. Mateen to Pulse within a week or two of the shooting, apparently to assess the target, the officials said. She has told agents that she tried to talk her husband out of mounting an attack, and Justice Department say it is not clear if she will face criminal charges. Officials and eyewitnesses have said that during the siege at Pulse, Mr. Mateen, a son of Afghan immigrants, declared allegiance to Mr.  . Officials say he was influenced by radical propaganda that he found online, but so far have found no direct connection to any larger organization. On Thursday, the Central Intelligence Agency director, John O. Brennan, gave a grim assessment of the prospects for more attacks. Though the Islamic State has been pushed back on battlefields in the Middle East, he said in testimony before the Senate Intelligence Committee, “our efforts have not reduced the group’s terrorism capabilities and global reach. ” The Islamic State is intensifying plans to attack in the West, he said, and continues to use propaganda to inspire “lone wolf” attacks like Mr. Mateen’s.",0
6220,"Radio Derb: Peak White Guilt, PC Now To The LEFT Of Marxism, And Voices from the Mencken Club, Etc.", ,0
6221,Comment on GOP Presidential Candidate Trump – You Need A Spanking! by para kazanmak,"Subscribe 
Dear GOP Presidential Candidate Donald Trump, 
I just watched a portion of your interview from Sunday night and I was appalled. You seriously need to be put over someone’s knee. 
You are running for the highest leadership position in this country and you are carrying on like a spoiled little toddler, stomping your feet and throwing temper tantrums and hollering all over social media. Hollering things like “Stop calling me names!”“I hate you!”“You’re being mean to me!”“I’m telling my mommy!” are not things that an adult man does – those are things that a toddler does. 
Here is a prime example : “In what is now a familiar pattern, Donald Trump took to Twitter following his interview in order to trash the interviewer and whine about how the questions were supposedly stacked against him.” 
Guess what? Running this country is HARD. It isn’t for whiners. Not once have I heard President Obama whine about you running him through the ringer about his birth certificate. Not once have I heard him whine when people in public office have disrespected him. Not once have I heard him whine when Congress has voted against his programs simply because he is a black man and they don’t like him. Not once in almost seven years has that man whined that Fox News has said something bad about him. Not once. Let that sink in. 
I ain’t your mommy, but I am a mom. Nothing more – Just A Mom. I have a normal kid. But for a few minutes here I’m going to pretend you’re my son because you really seem to need a mom’s advice. When my kid has a temper tantrum, she gets sent to her room. When she can talk calmly to adults, she is allowed to come out and we discuss what she did wrong. 
I’m thinking that maybe no one ever did that for you. No one ever said “No” to you. You never got a spanking, literally or figuratively. 
You are acting like an insufferable ass. The United States is not a dictatorship. It is not a corporation that you can run into the ground and file bankruptcy on. It is a democratic government that is set up with three distinct branches of government. Those three branches of government are designed to act with a series of checks and balances to ensure that no one person has the authority or the ability to make horrid decisions, treat people in a sucky way, and waste our tax dollars on frivolities. 
Here is a link to a children’s website , where they spell it out at a level that even you should be able to comprehend. 
By saying “ We’ll see “ every time the interviewer reminded you of this system of checks and balances you displayed your ignorance of how our government works. My 12-year-old knows more about government than you appear to. 
This is not a media circus for you to use to continue pumping hot air into the atmosphere. Global climate change is already a problem and your constant bloviating is causing more detrimental effects than the farting cows. Stop treating this campaign like your very own little playground. It isn’t. Our government is a democracy – that means that if hell freezes over and you do somehow manage to gain the presidency you work for us, the people of this country. 
Here’s a thought – instead of building a wall that will cost billions, why don’t you propose an amnesty program that could be enacted for a couple million? The sheer cost of deporting millions of people, only to turn around and let them back in ‘legally’ is an astronomical burden to place on already over-burdened tax payers. It is also the DUMBEST idea I have ever heard. Does having all that money remove any shred of common sense? Do you possess any ability to think reasonably? 
You would be amazed at how many cost-cutting things can be enacted if you think about them and come up with common sense solutions. The end goal is what you want to accomplish. 
Since your fellow Republicans are going to be the biggest stopping block on any type of an amnesty program – sell them on what they stand to GAIN from doing this as opposed to booting everyone out and building an asinine wall. 
You can’t just think about “The Donald” and how he feels about things. You have to consider each and every person in this country. You have to take our tax dollars and use them in the best way possible to make life better for us. This isn’t all about you. You’re just a potty-mouthed little boy that needs a bar of soap to wash your mouth out and a time-out to reflect on your actions lately. 
You can’t act like a spoiled little toddler if you expect to be taken seriously as a GOP presidential candidate. You need to stop that silliness right now. Get your head out of your ass and look around. You have no clue how to run a government. If you want to continue acting like a toddler, no one will ever take you seriously. The voters in this country will not subject themselves to being ruled by a spoiled brat. 
Grow up, Donald.",0
6222,Phony Obamacare Attack Aimed At Luring Conservatives To Support A Hedge Fund Windfall,"Earlier this week, Fox News’ Tucker Carlson asked a guest on his show if it were true that the United States government has been “looting” Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac. [His guest, a mortgage industry analyst named Joshua Rosner, described the bailout that has kept alive the two mortgage finance giants since their collapse in 2008 and subsequent need for $187. 5 billion of taxpayer funding, as “a simple theft. ”   Not a theft from taxpayers —  but from Fannie and Freddie’s shareholders. While it was jarring to see Carlson and Fox not even attempt to challenge an advocate for the two   mortgage companies —  long the targets of conservative critics who argued they distorted mortgage markets, enjoyed a privileged status of being   by the U. S. government even before they were bailed out, and were primary causes of the financial crisis —  Rosner’s basic argument is hardly new. Hedge funds and other big investors, including Perry Capital LLC and the Fairholme Funds, have been making similar arguments in federal courts for years —  to no avail. The cases have been met by dismissal in four federal district courts and last month a federal appeals court largely rejected the bid by investors to reverse one of those decisions. On Fox, however, Rosner gave the shareholder cause a novel twist —  one designed to appeal to conservatives and perhaps the Trump administration despite its lack of grounding in evidence or logic. According to Rosner, the U. S. Treasury is taking funds from Fannie and Freddie to pay for Obamacare —  perhaps the one thing loathed more by conservatives than bailouts of putatively private companies. “Essentially, in 2012, to avoid dealing with Republicans on the debt ceiling, on sequester, and to fund Obamacare, the Obama administration took Fannie and Freddie’s profits,” Rosner said. The message: if you hate Obamacare, you should support the cause of the hedge funds seeking to profit by prying Fannie and Freddie out of government hands.  And please pay no attention to the fact that the two companies have always needed —  and will always need, unless they are eliminated —  the backing of the U. S. taxpayer.  Fannie and Freddie: The Walking Dead, Fannie and Freddie provide liquidity to the housing market by buying mortgages from lenders, packaging them into securities whose principal and interest payments they guarantee. Prior to their 2008 collapse, Fannie and Freddie were widely viewed as enjoying an “implicit guarantee” from the U. S. government, enabling them to earn enormous profits because investors viewed their bonds as being safe —  or nearly so —  as U. S. Treasury bonds, The companies were taken over by the U. S. government in 2008 when officials feared their collapse could further destabilize the housing and financial markets. Treasury provided hundreds of billions of funding while the Federal Housing Finance Agency became their conservator.   Under their original agreement with the U. S. Treasury, both companies were supposed to pay a dividend equal to 10% of their taxpayer funding as well as a fee on the hundreds of billions more Treasury had pledged to support them. For years, however, neither company earned enough to pay the dividend, which forced them to draw even more from their bailout funds just to send the money back to Treasury as the dividend. This circular draw, as it came to be called, threatened to put the companies into a death spiral, slowly eating away at the remainder of the Treasury backstop. In   Treasury and the FHFA agreed to change the terms of the bailout so that Fannie and Freddie would no longer have a fixed dividend —  ending the need for circular draws. Instead, each company would have a flexible dividend obligation that would rise and fall with their profits. Because the new dividend is equal to the positive net worth of each company, less a small capital cushion set to decline each year, it is known as the “net worth sweep. ” At the time the net worth sweep was implemented, Treasury Department officials noted that in addition to ending the circular draws and death spiral, the arrangement would facilitate the eventual wind down of the companies by preventing them from using profits to recapitalize as   designed a safe, more stable mortgage finance system.  Because every attempt at bipartisan mortgage finance reform legislation stalled out on Capitol Hill, neither company has been  . Instead, they have remained in conservatorship and supported by taxpayer backing for more than eight years —  a situation that nearly everyone involved in mortgage finance reform regards as undesirable. “These companies are zombies. They died in 2008 but they’ve been kept alive by the contaminant of government backing ever since —  all because every attempt to build a better system has gone nowhere,” said one former government housing official who spoke on the condition of anonymity. Conservatives Balk At Net Worth Sweep For Keeping Companies Alive, The net worth sweep was designed by the Obama administration in part to placate conservative critics of the two companies. Obama housing officials believed that merely lowering the dividend obligation to a level the companies could afford would invite criticism from Republican lawmakers that Fannie and Freddie were getting a second bailout —  a bailout from their bailout. Since the net worth sweep would produce larger dividends if the companies were highly profitable and lower dividends when they were not, it balanced the risks to taxpayers with potential rewards, in the view of several Obama administration officials who spoke on background. Nonetheless, the net worth sweep met with initial resistance from Republican lawmaker who feared it would delay the wind down of the companies. “The reduction of the dividend payments for Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac will ensure the American taxpayers remain on the hook for the bailout of these two failed institutions,” Congressman Scott Garrett ( ) the chairman of the House Financial Service Subcommittee on Capital Markets and Government Sponsored Entities, said in a statement.  “Instead of devoting time and energy to prolonging bailouts, Obama administration should work with Congress to wind these companies down and create a new and sustainable housing finance system where taxpayers are not at risk,” Rep. Garrett said. This prompted an email, made public in one of the shareholder lawsuits, from an Obama administration official named Jim Parrott to complain that the net worth sweep had been misunderstood.  “We’re not reducing their dividend but including in it every dime these guys make going forward and ensuring that they can’t recapitalize,” Parrott wrote to one of Rep. Garrett’s staffers. This didn’t fully satisfy the staffer. “In regards to them keeping additional profits, in my mind that is only an accounting issue, gov recoups now (per new method) or later when we liquidate them and then realize those gains for the taxpayer,” the staffer wrote back. Summarizing the    Parrott wrote to the Treasury Department’s Timothy Bowler: “We’ve closed off possibility that they every [sic] go (pretend) private again and sped up the clock on the wind down of their portfolio, all while increasing the stability of the markets by removing concern that these guys run out of support before we have a place to which to transition. ” Despite this initial resistance, however, there was very little sustained opposition from conservatives to the net worth sweep —  largely because it was presented as a step toward the wind down of Fannie and Freddie.  The Hedge Funds Strike Back, Resistance to the sweep arose from another, unanticipated quarter: hedge fund managers and other large investors who acquired large amounts of the preferred and common shares of Fannie and Freddie —  betting that the government wouldn’t succeed in winding them down and that they would eventually be revived. Several hedge funds made a fortune in the wake of the financial crisis by snapping up shares of   financial companies, such as failed insurance giant AIG and banking giants Citigroup Bank of America, when many investors still shunned the sector. Investors like Bruce Berkowitz of Fairholme and John Paulson of Paulson  Co, who had made a fortune shorting housing before the crisis, came to see themselves as heroic allies of the government’s attempt to rescue the financial companies. Some former Obama administration officials encouraged them to see Fannie and Freddie as presenting similar opportunities. If the government couldn’t wind down the entities, these former officials said, it might wind up recapitalizing them and releasing them to the public —  just as it had with AIG. With the common shares trading at pennies a share and the preferred at deep discounts to face value, the upside potential could be huge. Perry Capital, Paulson  Co, and Fairholme Funds all acquired stakes in the companies. Later, activist investor William Ackman’s Pershing Square would become the largest holder of the common stock of Fannie and Freddie. Others followed the lead of these prominent investors. The trouble was that the Obama administration did not go along with what the hedge fund managers believed to be the script to their next windfall play. It insisted that the companies remain in conservatorship —  and subject to the net worth sweep —  so long as no comprehensive housing finance reform was forthcoming. Which meant that instead of acting as allies of government policies, the funds were now fighting it. Perry Capital, Fairholme and Pershing Square all sued the government in federal court. They argued that the ongoing conservatorship violated the law and that they net worth sweep illegally deprived them of the profits of the companies.  It quickly became conventional wisdom on Wall Street that the net worth sweep was “obviously illegal. ” Shares of the companies rocketed upward as investors piled into the trade that the “smart money” had endorsed. Top flight legal scholars, such as New York University’s Richard Epstein and Yale University’s Jonathan Macey, added their support to the hedge fund cause —  in Epstein’s case, at least, while receiving consulting fees from one of the investors. Hopes for a court room victory were bolstered as Fannie and Freddie turned in record profits in 2013 and 2014, thanks in part to reversals of past losses,   of once abandoned deferred tax assets, and legal settlements with large banks. Shareholders gleefully declared the government’s worry about a death spiral as a ruse and described the mortgage giants as “the most profitable companies in the world,” ignoring warnings that the artificially high profit levels would soon fall. In subsequent years, however, profits did fall by enough that both companies would once again have struggled or failed to pay the original 10 percent dividend. The Influence Vultures Take Flight, Paulson  Co did not join the lawsuits, although his internal legal advisors believed the courts would side with the investors, according to people familiar with the matter. But that didn’t mean Paulson sat by passively. Instead, Paulson helped finance a behind the scenes lobbying campaign urging the government to relinquish its controls on the mortgage giants, according to a report in the Wall Street Journal. Lobbying efforts included campaign donations to sympathetic politicians as well as giving cash to minority advocacy groups that voiced support for Fannie and Freddie, the Wall Street Journal reported. Some advocacy groups in Washington, D. C. began offering donations to groups and individuals who agreed to write   advocating for the release and recapitalization of Fannie and Freddie, according to multiple people familiar with the matter. The Wall Street Journal reported that the Raban Group, a Washington lobbying firm, offered a minority trade association $25, 000 contingent on signing its name to an   arguing for the    of Fannie and Freddie, according to the Wall Street Journal. In 2014, John Paulson’s private foundation donated $25, 000 to the Leadership Conference Education Fund, an arm of a coalition of   civil rights advocacy groups, the Wall Street Journal revealed. The Leadership Conference has been an outspoken advocate for the release of Fannie and Freddie to private control.  The DCI Group, a Washington lobbyist outfit that works on behalf of Fannie and Freddie shareholder pressure group Investors Unite, gave the Leadership Conference a total of $325, 000 in donations, according to the Wall Street Journal.  In June of 2016, a group of primarily   New York Baptist ministers calling itself ‘Our Loans Matter’ held a rally near Wall Street. Video of the rally was posted on Twitter by none other than Tucker Carlson’s Obamacare funding critic Josh Rosner, who is manging director at Graham Fisher  Co. which bills itself as an independent research consultancy. The accompanying hashtag: #ourloansmatter.  “Wow.  #OurLoansMatter rally in Wall Street w leading Pastors,” Rosner said in another tweet. Wow. #OurLoansMatter rally in Wall Street w leading Pastors pic. twitter.   —   joshua rosner (@JoshRosner) June 17, 2016,  The Our Loans Matter group decried efforts to   Fannie and Freddie, saying they would hurt homeownership opportunities for “our parishioners,” in an October 2016 letter to New York’s Senator Chuck S`chumer and the FHFA’s Mel Watt. That same summer, Rosner appeared on Perspectives, a television show “geared to discussing contemporary topics affecting the   community. ” His message there was very different than the one he delivered to Tucker Carlson about Fannie and Freddie’s profits allegedly being used to support Obamacare. Instead, he argued that the government is “now in the process of eliminating Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac, essentially to hand the business to the big banks, who already are the ones who are likely to overcharge borrowers for home loans. ” There’s no evidence that most big banks want to be in the business of being in the   position on the types of loans Fannie and Freddie tend to back. In fact, the biggest banks have been losing market share to nonbank lenders and retreating from the riskier parts of the market. Rosner went on to argue that eliminating Fannie and Freddie would reduce minority homeownership —  and thereby increase crime, damage the quality of education and reduce people to being “wage slaves. ” Rosner has long been an advocate of homeownership while still criticizing loose credit the practices of banks as well as Fannie and Freddie. Indeed, he was one of the few who understood years before the financial crisis that Fannie and Freddie had taken on —  and disguised —  far more credit risk than they should. He famously criticized low to no downpayment mortgages by saying, “A home without equity is just a rental with debt. ” Currently, he argues that Fannie and Freddie should become   utilities whose profits and practices are stringently regulated but whose shares are owned by investors. His views are not influenced by hedge funds or other investors in Fannie and Freddie, he said. “I put my own views out there and I’ve been remarkably consistent. Anyone who looks at my record knows I’m not for sale,” Rosner said in an phone interview.   Crash and Burn, Despite the sums spent on lobbying and litigating against the government, the hedge funds and other investors did not gain much traction. The Obama administration stood firm in its position that Fannie and Freddie would not be released or recapitalized without congressional action. Capitol Hill lawmakers agreed, including in 2015’s omnibus budget “sense of Congress” provision that demanded the the administration make no changes to Fannie and Freddie’s status without congressional approval. The passage of time did not improve the odds for the hedge funds. As recently as last week, a bipartisan group of Senators sent a letter to FHFA director Mel Watt, who oversees the conservatorships of Fannie and Freddie, that he should not allow the companies to recapitalize without congressional approval. The lawmakers warned against “any administrative action that would adversely impact” efforts underway to legislate housing finance reform. If Capitol Hill and the White House have been cool to the hedge funds’ pleas, the reception in federal courts has been even frostier. In the fall of 2014, a federal court completely dismissed a group of shareholder lawsuits, finding that the government acted well within its rights when it implemented the net worth sweep. At first, the decision was derided by shareholders and their advocates but as court after court reached similar conclusions —  including the influential D. C. Circuit —  hopes for a hedge fund win in the courts withered. Rosner points out that the Obama administration kept from the public over 10, 000 documents investors have sought in connection with the litigation, a practice that the Trump administration has continued. He argues that the documents are likely to show that the motivations for putting in the net worth sweep were different from those stated by government officials. In any case, the public deserves to know what is in those documents, Rosner says. “Let’s see what’s in them. I think it will be  . If I’m wrong about the motivations here, I’ll be the first to say so,” Rosner said in a phone interview. Hope Revived, Briefly  The election of Donald Trump as President briefly revived hopes that the administration would embrace a policy that would bring the   windfall to Fannie and Freddie investors. Although Trump himself has not taken a position on housing finance reform, Fannie investor John Paulson had been a big fund raiser for Trump, hosting a $50, 000 per plate dinner in NYC. Paulson was reportedly picked to be the Trump transition teams advisor on housing policy. What’s more, Trump had reportedly invested between $3 million and $15 million in Paulson’s hedge fund. A day after he was tapped to be Trump’s Treasury Secretary nominee, Steve Mnuchin appeared to bolster the prospects that the hedge funds could finally wrest control of Fannie and Freddie from the government.  “We got to get Fannie and Freddie out of government ownership,” Steven Mnuchin said on Fox Business Network in November. “It makes no sense that these are owned by the government and have been controlled by the government for as long as they have. ” “Trump Treasury May Mean Independence for Fannie and Freddie,” the New York Times declared in a headline. The accompanying article was written by columnist Gretchen Morgenson, who   2011’s Reckless Endangerment with Josh Rosner. Shares of Fannie and Freddie soared. Morgenson described the euphoria among the   Fannie and Freddie investors that followed these comments:  The revival of this particular dream of avarice, however, was quickly quashed. At his confirmation hearing in January, Mnuchin told the Senators his comments had been misinterpreted. “My comments were never that there should be a recap and release,” Mnuchin said. Meanwhile, the Trump administration has continued to fight the hedge funds in court —  and continued to stack up legal victories. There are no signs that the Justice Department, Treasury, or the FHFA is considering settling with the litigious hedge funds or backing away from the government’s strong hand in these lawsuits. Sources inside the Treasury Department say the administration is still reviewing a wide variety of housing financing reforms options but is not planning on making any changes to the conservatorship or dividend of Fannie and Freddie without congressional authorization. On Capitol Hill, Senators and Representatives are already at work on a new version of housing finance reform legislation —  one that is unlikely to leave any value left over for shareholders of Fannie and Freddie, according to people familiar with the matter. “These guys overreached and they’ve accomplished something rare: bipartisan alienation. Both Republican and Democrat leaders can’t stand these Fannie hedge fund guys,” a person close to Capitol Hill housing reform efforts said. Time Traveling Obama Officials and Other Villians, Despite this most recent setback, efforts continue to influence the right to adopt the hedge funds’ position on Fannie and Freddie, in hopes that the Trump administration can still be brought around to changing its views.   legal scholars have been recruited and, in some cases, paid to write   and conservative outlets such as the Competitive Enterprise Institute and the Daily Caller have run pieces adopting the hedge fund line on Fannie, Freddie, and the net worth sweep.  The latest argument appears   to lure in conservatives with claims that the Obama administration illicitly diverted funds from Fannie and Freddie to bankroll portions of the Affordable Care Act. Specifically, the funds were allegedly used to provide a substitute funding source after a federal court ruled that some subsidies that had been provided to insurers were improper. The trouble is that the changes to Fannie and Freddie’s bailout that net worth sweep in place were made in 2012, while the judge’s ruling on the Obamacare subsidies didn’t come until 2016. What’s more, the judge in the case has allowed the payments to continue pending appeal, which means there still isn’t a budget gap to fill. Absent a trip in Dr. Who’s TARDIS, it is unlikely the Obama administration foresaw an adverse court ruling four years in advance then put in place a controversial change to Fannie and Freddie’s bailout to avoid it. Another recent tactic has been to target those in the Trump administration viewed as both vulnerable and potential opponents of the hedge fund Fannie and Freddie agenda. Craig Phillips, a former BlackRock Inc. executive who was a big fundraiser for Hillary Clinton’s presidential bid, has recently come under fire. Phillips is leading Treasury’s review financial regulations —  and many on Capitol Hill worry he is not a supporter of the administration’s agenda to rollback the regulations. Supporters of the hedge fund agenda for Fannie and Freddie have been playing on these concerns and Phillips’ connections to former Obama administration officials in hopes that if conservatives were to force Phillips out, he could be replaced by a more pliant Treasury official. “They’ve flipped from seeking support from the civil rights types to seeking support from conservatives and libertarians,” said a staffer of a Republican Congressman who has been approached about his position on Fannie and Freddie. This type of political flexibility is not altogether unheard of in the nation’s capital. Back in 2011, Josh Rosner, who advocated for preserving Fannie and Freddie to preserve minority homeowners in 2016 and decried the alleged use of their funds to support Obamacare in 2017, appeared before a House oversight panel alongside Dr. Anthony Sanders, a George Mason University finance professor. “I really want to go with what the administration said earlier, which is to start paring them down if not dismantling them,” Sanders told the panel after arguing that Fannie and Freddie’s guarantees were keeping private capital out of the mortgage market. “I totally agree with that,” Rosner said moments later.   Editorial Note: This article has been updated to include the comments of Josh Rosner following a phone interview with him after the initial publication.",0
6223,"After Thousands of Broadway Performances, 5 Shows Take Their Bows - The New York Times","“Sunrise, sunset, swiftly flow the days,” sing the weary residents of Anatevka in “Fiddler on the Roof. ” That will also be the melancholy tune on Broadway in the coming weeks, as several shows, including “Fiddler” and the megahit “Jersey Boys,” prepare to darken their marquees. Here’s a look at what happened during the long runs of five of them. During the run of the revival, the cast went through: 93 pairs of boots and shoes 972 challahs 234  or so haircuts and beard trims 1 onstage marriage proposal (after a show, by Ben Rappaport, who plays Perchik Megan Kane said yes). Other than a misplaced exit, Adrianna Hicks has had very few mishaps as a swing who has covered  —   or stepped in to play  —   seven characters in the   musical “The Color Purple. ” Unlike an understudy, who usually covers one lead role, a swing steps in “whenever someone is out sick or on vacation, or someone can’t make the train,” as Ms. Hicks put it. Like all swings, Ms. Hicks, 27, is at the theater even when she’s not scheduled to perform, in case something happens to an actor during the show. That’s what occurred at a performance in May when Cynthia Erivo, the show’s   star, left after the first act because of illness. “Somebody runs upstairs and was like, ‘Cynthia might be out, so just be prepared,’” Ms. Hicks recalled. “I was like, ‘Nobody talk to me, I just need to focus.’ They announced my name and said the performance would be continued by Adrianna. I remember walking out onstage and with the audience so responsive, loving that moment. ” Ms. Hicks said covering Ms. Erivo’s leading role, Celie, which she has done over 25 times, was the most daunting part of being in the show, her Broadway debut. (She goes next into the Encores! production of “Big River. ”) “In her voice there’s such freedom, because she has it in her body physically,” Ms. Hicks said of Ms. Erivo. “With me, I’m still learning to get it there. ” As for that missed departure, Ms. Hicks said, “Flaws have happened. ” “I have exited off the wrong side of the stage because I’m so set being another character for the entire week, and then, for one show, doing someone totally different,” she said with a laugh. “Thank God we just walk onstage and stand there at certain moments. ” The actor Gerry Vichi thinks “Something Rotten!” might be his last show. He’s 79. He’s developed a hernia that will require an operation, which he put off until after the show closes. He says his memory is fine, but keeping up the     energy is a challenge. So what’s next? “Maybe I’ll sit in my chair and drink Scotch and watch TV,” said Mr. Vichi, who made his Broadway debut in 1981 in the Kander and Ebb musical “Woman of the Year,” with Lauren Bacall. “Who knows? There’s always baseball season. ” Mr. Vichi has been with “Something Rotten!” for the show’s entire run  —   it opened in April 2015  —   playing a comedic version of Shylock. (“He speaks a little more modern and he does like to loan money, but he doesn’t look for a pound of flesh,” he explained.) Between shows on a recent Wednesday, he got on the phone to talk about what he called “probably the most fun of any show I’ve done. ” Following are edited excerpts from the conversation. “Something Rotten!” had a good run. Congratulations. We had a nice run. If it weren’t for Ben Brantley, maybe we would have run longer. Put him on the phone. I’ll tell him. Has performing gotten more difficult as you’ve gotten older?   that’s fine. Keeping up the energy is a challenge, but it’s fun. It’s a joy to come to work every day. How many people can say that? Do you have any   rituals? I will often take members of the cast out to dinner. One night I took a bunch of the girls out. When we fellows get together, we pick a steakhouse, like Quality Meats, and we have a good time. When you say you take members out for dinner, does that mean you pay? I like to pay. I’m a good tipper. Who wants to ask around  —   who had the borscht? Who had the Caesar salad? Give me a break. How do you feel about the show’s closing? There will be tears, but not from me. I don’t have any illusions about being a star or a big shot. I just like to have fun.  Anything else you wanted to say before we close? Tell Ben Brantley I called. When the show wraps up, it will have had: 19 girls featured in the role of Matilda 64 kids employed in the production 1 fresh copy of “Alice in Wonderland” torn up in every show 23, 880 balloons inflated (15 per show) 796 pounds of chocolate frosting shoveled into the face of Matilda’s classmate Bruce, who takes a slice of Miss Trunchbull’s chocolate cake and winds up forced to eat the whole thing. 51 actors have made their Broadway debuts in the show. THREE original Broadway cast members are still in it (Peter Gregus, Mark Lotito and Sara Schmidt). ONE actor has been in it since the   engagement at La Jolla Playhouse (Peter Gregus).  29. 8 pounds of gunpowder have been fired onstage. 31 babies were born to company members in the show (22 are girls). 120, 692 times “Oh What a Night” has been said or sung onstage (26 per performance). 157, 828   (34 per performance).",0
6224,Denis O’Brien Announces Bid For Irish Presidency,"We Use Cookies: Our policy [X] Denis O’Brien Announces Bid For Irish Presidency November 15, 2016 - BREAKING NEWS , POLITICS Share 0 Add Comment 
MEDIA mogul and multi billionaire Denis O’Brien has today announced his bid for the Irish presidency 2017. 
Following in the footsteps of American businessman and peer, Donald Trump, Mr. O’Brien stated he will begin campaigning early next year in what is expected to be the hottest Irish presidential election since the foundation of the state. 
“I’m really looking forward to making Ireland okay again,” he said, wearing a baseball hat with the same phrasing, “I’m going to build a wall around my financial affairs – made from solicitors. Believe me, this wall will be impervious to poorer people. It will be great. Okay?” 
Taoiseach Enda Kenny was the first to offer his support to the Cork man, who currently resides in Malta because it’s nice and warm and no other reason, stating O’Brien will be a perfect contender to represent Ireland’s current climate. 
“He’s a lovely man, Denis, and he will make a great president if elected,” Mr. Kenny said with his mouth, “Sure, he’s basically representing the country already with his large stake in the Irish media. It would only make sense that such an influence would put themselves forward for such a position”. 
Mr. O’Brien then added that first things he will do in office is to abolish the current government.",0
6225,Trump Warns Comey: Better Hope That There Are No ’Tapes’ of Our Conversation,"President Trump warned former FBI Director James Comey Friday morning, after accounts surfaced in the press about a dinner they had in January, attributed to Comey associates. [“James Comey better hope that there are no ‘tapes of our conversations before he starts leaking to the press!” Trump tweeted.  James Comey better hope that there are no ”tapes” of our conversations before he starts leaking to the press!  —   Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) May 12, 2017,  Trump fired Comey on Wednesday, setting off a slew of speculation and leaks over why the former FBI director  —   who had been disliked on both sides of the aisle  —   was fired. On Thursday, the New York Times published an account of a dinner, sourced to two Comey associates, that differed from the president’s account. It’s not clear yet whether Trump has any recordings of the conversation that took place. Trump told NBC’s Lester Holt on Thursday Comey had requested the dinner on January 27, because the wanted to stay on as FBI director. He said at that dinner, Comey told him he was not under investigation. But according to Comey’s associates, Trump requested the dinner, and pressed him to pledge his loyalty. “Mr. Comey declined to make that pledge. Instead, Mr. Comey has recounted to others, he told Mr. Trump that he would always be honest with him, but that he was not ‘reliable’ in the conventional political sense. ” Comey’s people added that Comey was wary about dining with the president, but believed he couldn’t turn him down. The White House disputed the account. “We don’t believe this to be an accurate account,” said Sarah Huckabee Sanders, the deputy press secretary. “The integrity of our law enforcement agencies and their leadership is of the utmost importance to President Trump. He would never even suggest the expectation of personal loyalty, only loyalty to our country and its great people. ” According to the White House, one of the many reasons Comey was fired was because he failed to stop sensitive leaks of information to the media.",0
6226,Comment on Have You Swallowed The Red Pill? Take The Test by Why Do People Become Cuckservatives?,"  Have You Swallowed The Red Pill? Take The Test Have You Swallowed The Red Pill? Take The Test Video December 11, 2012 124 Comments Masculinity 
There’s a lot of guys who claim to haven taken the red pill, but I suspect there is a sea of blue still swirling within their core. To find out if that’s you, watch the following three portions of the above video: 
0:47 – 0:53 2:24 – 2:31 
Time to grade the test: 
1. Did you think what you just witnessed was the most heart-warming thing in the world? If yes, you’re drowning in blue pill. 
2. Do you wish you could have a female friend like the Indian man in the video? If yes, you’re still blue pill. 
3. Did you think there’s nothing wrong with being friends with a girl? If yes, you’re bluer than the ocean. 
4. Did you run to the nearest bathroom and throw up in the toilet at his display of supreme betatude? If yes, you’re red pill. 
5. Did you viscerally cringe and actually get angry at the world when the girl said, “You’re my best friend in the world, and you always will be” while the beta withheld his tears of emotion? If yes, you’re blood pill! 
One problem with swallowing the red pill is that you will get offended at just about everything that mainstream people enjoy. You can no longer digest their media, enjoy their viral videos, or even have a normal conversation with a blue piller. You form your own red pill bubble, whether it’s frequenting sites on the manosphere , not dating women from blue pill societies, or outright expatriating to countries where men are rewarded for being masculine. Long live the red pill! 
P.S. I make an appearance at 2:24.",0
6227,"[WATCH] FBI Re-Opens Hillary Investigation, Trump Immediately Does THIS","0 comments 
Just 11 days before the election, the FBI has re-opened its investigation into Hillary Clinton. According to The Political Insider , the news broke just as Donald Trump took the stage in New Hampshire, and it was the first thing heÂ mentioned. 
Watch: BREAKING: Trump begins New Hampshire rally by reacting to FBI saying it's probing new Clinton emails: âPerhaps finally justice will be doneâ pic.twitter.com/iiCU5PeF4d 
— CNBC Now (@CNBCnow) October 28, 2016 
Here is Trump’s full statement: 
I need to open with a very critical breaking news announcement.Â The FBI has just sent a letter to Congress informing them that they have discovered new emails pertaining to the former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton’s investigation.Â And they are re-opening the case into her criminal and illegal conduct that threatens the security of the United Staes of America. 
Hillary Clinton’s corruption is on a scale we have never seen before. We must not let her take her criminal scheme into the Oval Office. I have great respect for the fact that the FBI and the Department of Justice are now willing to have the courage to right the horrible mistake that they made. This was a grave miscarriage of justice that the American people fully understood and it is everybody’s hope that it is about to be corrected. 
So that is a big announcement that I heard ten minutes ago, and I guess obviously most of you folksÂ have heard about. And in all fairness, for all of the people that have suffered for doing so much less, including just recently 4-Star General James Cartwright, General Petraeus, and many others. Perhaps finally justice will be done. 
With that being said, the rest of my speech is going to be so boring. Should I even make the speech? We will talk about borders, right? We will talk about trade. We’ll bring back our jobs, we’ll strengthen our military… 
Twitter reacted accordingly. Trump, at Manchester, N.H. rally, says FBI decision to reopen Clinton email case suggests ""the system might not be so rigged"" 
— Gabby Morrongiello (@gabriellahope_) October 28, 2016 The crowd at this Trump rally is literally going insane. 
— Andrew Clark đ (@AndrewHClark) October 28, 2016 On HRC Trump said at a rally in Manchester, New Hampshire. ""We must not let her take her criminal scheme into the Oval Office."" @BillKristol 
— Robert Fischl (@robtdfischl) October 28, 2016 Unlike Trump, Clinton did not address FBI letter at start of her rally. She said she's glad to be back in Iowa, talked about recent flooding 
— Jennifer Jacobs (@JenniferJJacobs) October 28, 2016 Trump calls Clinton's email investigation 'bigger Than Watergate' https://t.co/nuHKoqtZDS 
— ABC News Politics (@ABCPolitics) October 28, 2016 
SHARE this news if you are glad that the FBI is finally doing its job by investigating Hillary Clinton!",0
6229,2nd Night of Trump Protests Brings 29 Arrests in Oregon - The New York Times,"Thousands of demonstrators filled the streets in several cities across the country for a second night on Thursday in protests against the election of Donald J. Trump as president. In Portland, Ore. the police arrested 29 people while contending with what they described as an “aggressive” crowd of about 4, 000 protesters and widespread reports of vandalism, fires and broken windows. “Due to extensive criminal and dangerous behavior, protest is now considered a riot,” the Portland Police Department said on Twitter. Sgt. Pete Simpson, a police spokesman, said Thursday that there were accounts of protesters with bats and drivers being attacked, but there were no reports of injuries. Photos and videos posted to social media showed vandals   buildings and cars, and the police later said on Twitter that they had deployed “less lethal munitions,” including pepper spray and “rubber ball distraction devices. ” Sergeant Simpson said that the overwhelming number of participants were   citizens but that “a smaller segment are  ” who were hiding in the crowd. “We’re constantly assessing what’s happening and trying to figure out where they’re going next,” he said. Protests took place in other cities, including Baltimore, Denver, Milwaukee, Oakland and Philadelphia. Some demonstrations started early Wednesday after election returns showed the Democratic nominee, Hillary Clinton, losing to Mr. Trump, a Republican. On Twitter on Thursday night, Mr. Trump expressed his dissatisfaction at the protests, which he said were “incited by the media. ” On Friday morning, however, Mr. Trump reversed course with a   post on Twitter that praised the demonstrators and echoed the themes of unity he expressed in his victory speech. “Love the fact that the small groups of protesters last night have passion for our great country,” he wrote. “We will all come together and be proud!” Remigio Mateo, 31, a social worker in Los Angeles, said he was stunned by the results and wondered how a candidate who had used such   language during the presidential campaign could win election to the White House. He wanted to be with people who would understand. When a friend mentioned a protest on Wednesday night at City Hall, Mr. Mateo said he knew he needed to be there. “This election was a real   call that things aren’t anywhere near as progressive as we thought they were,” he said. “I feel confused, disheartened, shocked and afraid of what comes next. I felt I needed to be around others who felt the same way, not only to protest, but to think of how to move forward. ”",0
6230,Trump Wins Florida – Needs Michigan To Win It – Can He Do It?,"
Matt Drudge has called Florida for Donald Trump. Major news channels still holding back on their call but have noted that she’s not making any gains as final votes are counted.
The race now comes down to Michigan.

Donald Trump is projected to win Michigan but the race is tight with 2.8 million votes remaining.
Michigan is not yet a win for Trump.

",0
6231,The Hatred that Trump’s Lies will Leave Behind,"[White might burning courtesy Informed Content .] =By= Juan Cole W hether Trump wins or loses (and in my view there isn’t much chance he can win), he will leave behind a toxic legacy of increased racial and religious hatred, which he has deliberately stirred up in order to take the focus off his policies– policies that will hurt workers and will throw even more money at the super-wealthy. This use of racism to divide the working class and whip up support for the business classes is as old as American capitalism.
Trump has whipped up sentiment against Latinos and immigrants (a minority of Americans of Latino ancestry is first-generation immigrants) by loudly proclaiming that they are guilty of all kinds of crimes. In fact, violent has fallen 48% in the US since the early 1990s, yet in the past 25 years immigration has soared. Research shows that immigrants commit less crime than the native-born. It isn’t hard to figure out why. First, those who don’t yet have citizenship are afraid of being deported, so they keep their noses clean. But more importantly, and contrary to what Trump alleges, immigrants are go-getters who have taken the big step of leaving home to accomplish something. They are highly motivated to succeed and often bring with them a great deal of human capital. As for jobs, immigrants aren’t stealing them from the native born. They are doing different jobs than locals with the same educational attainments. That’s because they often don’t have as good English skills or can’t afford to turn down menial jobs. The hatred against immigrants Trump has fostered is based on a set of lies, lies that are easily shown to be falsehoods. But it is a little unlikely that this hatred of foreigners will subside Wednesday , whatever happens. 
Trump has given aid and comfort to the American far right. With his racist dog whistles (and often just unadorned racism) he has emboldened the Ku Klux Klan, Alt-right and other disgusting organizations. David Duke of Louisiana has been encouraged to run for the senate and is pledging to be Trump’s biggest supporter. This genie will be hard to put back into its lamp. 
Trump has encouraged hatred for Muslims in the US on an unprecedented scale. Hatred for Muslims has already been adopted as a latent platform by the Republican Party, but they are usually at least a little more subtle about it. If Trump can succeed in discriminating against Muslim-Americans, he can then proceed to discriminate against the rest of us on one pretext or another. Muslim-Americans are only 1% of our population. There isn’t actually any danger of them taking over the country or imposing their religious law, and most terrorism comes from the far right or from overseas, not from native-born Muslim-Americans. Trump supporters have already burned down a mosque in Florida, have assaulted Muslims (and Sikhs, whose men wear turbans) all over the country, and some Trumpists have plotted terrorism against Muslims. 
Trump has left a legacy of contempt for women and a resurgent patriarchy. He has juvenilized women and hurled slurs at them. He accused Megyn Kelly of being on her period when she asked him sharp questions. He boasted about grabbing strangers by the genitals. His message is that women should be judged not by their intelligence, hard work, or character but by their breast size and figure and the symmetry of their faces. 
Trump has taken optimistic trend lines and pulled them down into Sheol with him. He has diminished our country, traumatized our children, and made us laughingstocks in the urbane capitals of the world. He leaves us a large bequest, tied up with a bow, of hatred and prejudice, smelling like the piece of dog shit that is Donald Trump 
Note to Commenters Due to severe hacking attacks in the recent past that brought our site down for up to 11 days with considerable loss of circulation, we exercise extreme caution in the comments we publish, as the comment box has been one of the main arteries to inject malicious code. Because of that comments may not appear immediately, but rest assured that if you are a legitimate commenter your opinion will be published within 24 hours. If your comment fails to appear, and you wish to reach us directly, send us a mail at: editor@greanvillepost.com 
We apologize for this inconvenience. Nauseated by the Had enough of their lies, escapism, omissions and relentless manipulation?",0
6232,Russia’s Policies Thrown into Confusion as U.S. Resumes ’World Policeman’ Role,"This morning’s key headlines from GenerationalDynamics. com,  German Chancellor Angela Merkel said, ‘This attack by the United States of America is understandable, given the aspect of the war crimes, given the suffering of innocent people and given the logjam in the UN Security Council.’ The events of the past week were not only a major humiliation to Russia, but will also have to trigger a major strategic change in Russia’s foreign policy. The unexpected US cruise missile strike in response to the horrific Sarin gas attack by Syria’s president Bashar   on the town of Khan Sheikhoun in Idlib province, killing up to 100 people, left Russia scrambling to take   measures. So Russia canceled its “deconfliction agreement” with US designed to prevent accidental clashes between the two air forces in Syria, though this agreement will almost certainly be restored within weeks. War criminal   did his part by ordering new air strikes on the same town, Khan Sheikhoun, but this with conventional weapons. However, to bring the point home,   committed a new war crime when his missiles struck a hospital where people are recovering from  ’s Sarin gas attack. Russia, Syria and Iran may take further retaliatory moves. However, the big picture is that this week’s events will require a strategic change in Russia’s policies. As  I reported in April, 2011, Russia at that time adopted a policy of using the United Nations Security Council to cripple Nato and US foreign policy, a strategy that has been very successful for them for six years. Early in 2011, Russia had abstained on the UNSC resolution authorizing a “humanitarian” military action in Libya. As the Libyan intervention unfolded, Russia viewed the increasingly complex situation as “mission creep,” and regretted not vetoing the resolution. After that, Russia demanded that Nato and the US strictly limit their activities, and Russia would back up this demand by vetoing any attempt to go further than Russia desired. This would allow Russia to effectively control many activities of Nato and the US, since only activities approved by the Security Council, and hence by Russia, could ever be permitted. This set up a “double standard,” because Russia would do what it wanted, without seeking approval from the UNSC. Russia invaded Georgia and took control of two provinces, without asking the UNSC. Russia invaded East Ukraine and took control of two provinces, without asking the UNSC. Russia invaded Crimea and annexed it, without asking the UNSC. At the same time, any military action by the West would have to be approved by the UNSC. Now President Trump has done the same thing, ordering a military strike without asking the UNSC. This act nullifies the policies adopted by Russia in 2011, and requires a change in direction, though the nature of that change remains to be seen. AP and CNBC and CNN, Related Articles, Russia now has to throw out that “double standard” strategy, because the new US administration is willing to do what Russia has been doing all along  —   take military action when considered necessary, without asking permission from the UN Security Council (nor, by the way, from the US Congress). President Donald Trump seems willing to reinstate the “Truman Doctrine” that had been repudiated by President Obama. President Harry Truman announced the Truman Doctrine in 1947, essentially making America the “policeman of the world. ” Truman’s justification is that it is better to have a small military action to stop an ongoing crime than to let it slide and end up having an enormous conflict like World War II. The Truman Doctrine was reaffirmed in President John Kennedy’s “ask not” speech, and every president since WW II has followed the Truman Doctrine, up to and including George Bush. Barack Obama is the first president to repudiate the Truman Doctrine, essentially leaving the world without a policeman. The concept of America being the “world’s policeman” was very controversial in 1947 and it is very controversial today. And yet, we have seen what has happened in the last eight years, when the world had no policeman. There are news reports of a power struggle in the White House, and that power struggle can be interpreted as a disagreement over reinstating the Truman Doctrine. Reportedly, Steve Bannon opposes military actions like the one this week in Syria, while Jared Kushner favors it. The outcome of this power struggle, which goes to the heart of the Truman Doctrine concepts, could have a defining effect on American foreign policy, as well as on Russia’s foreign policy. Guardian (London) Related Articles, America’s missile strike in Syria has received widespread praise as a valid response to Bashar  ’s war crimes, but not with President Trump’s base. I saw this myself in the stream of comments to the Breitbart version of my April 6 article “President Trump plans military action on Syria after horrific nerve gas attack on civilians. ” Most of the comments appeared from people among Trump’s strongest supporters, but they were shocked by this article, because they believed that Trump would never order a military intervention in the Mideast, something that many of them oppose. A lot of anger was directed at me, accusing me of “fake news,” and accusing me of being a “Libtard” and trying to mislead people. But all that changed on Thursday evening around 10 PM ET, when reports of the military action started coming out, proving that the article was completely accurate. At that point, the anger that many of the commenters had directed at me began to be directed at President Trump. Some of the comments were completely delusional, such as describing the Sarin gas attack as a “false flag” operation, sometimes going so far as to accuse Trump of ordering the Sarin attack himself in order to have an excuse to bomb Syria. Probably the angriest comments were some variation of the delusional “false flag” claim. At the other end of the spectrum were comments that were very thoughtful. Many people posted variations of “I voted for Trump, but I didn’t vote for this. ” There were some detailed analyses of why we should never go into the Mideast, saying that we have tried in the past and never accomplished anything, and one person saying that we should let them kill each other so that they won’t try to kill us. However, in the mainstream media, in the US, Europe and the Mideast, comments by world leaders have been extremely supportive, almost verging on euphoria that the US is showing leadership once more. From the point of view of Generational Dynamics, both the controversy and the euphoria are to be expected at a military attack that could begin an   war. Any military attack is going to be controversial, but the population can also easily become heavily invested and become euphoric. Here’s how historian Wolfgang Schivelbusch describes how the euphoria at the beginning of a war is itself highly delusional in his 2001 book, The Culture of Defeat: On National Trauma, Mourning, and Recovery: The passions excited in the national psyche by the onset of war show how deeply invested the masses now were in its potential outcome. Propaganda had reinforced their conviction that “everything was at stake,” and the threat of death and defeat functioned like a tightly coiled spring, further heightening the tension. The almost festive jubilation that accompanied the declarations of war in Charleston in 1861 [American Civil War] Paris in 1870 [  war] and the capitals of the major European powers in 1914 [World War I] were anticipatory celebrations of victory  —   since nations are as incapable of imagining their own defeat as individuals are of conceiving their own death. The new desire to humiliate the enemy, noted by Burckhardt, was merely a reaction to the unprecedented posturing in which nations now engaged when declaring war. The deployment of armies on the battlefield is the classic manifestation of collective  . If both sides are not convinced of their military superiority, there will be no confrontation rather, those who lack confidence will simply flee the field. Accordingly, the battle is decided the moment the confidence of one side fails. The will to fight (“morale”) evaporates, the military formation collapses, and the army seeks salvation in flight or, if it is lucky, in organized retreat. The Greek term for this point in space (on the battlefield) and time (the course of the battle) was trope. The victors demarcated the spot with the weapons of the vanquished and later with monuments, yielding the term tropaion, from which we get our word trophy. (p.  ) The euphoria goes on until something goes wrong, usually some kind of military disaster, such as the Battle of Bull Run in 1861 or the Bataan Death March in 1941. The panicked reaction can be much greater when a military disaster occurs. In his 1832 book, On War, General Carl von Clausewitz describes what happens: The effect of defeat outside the army  —   on the people and on the government  —   is a sudden collapse of the wildest expectations, and total destruction of  . The destruction of these feelings creates a vacuum, and that vacuum gets filled by a fear that grows corrosively, leading to total paralysis. It’s a blow to the whole nervous system of the losing side, as if caused by an electric charge. This effect may appear to a greater or lesser degree, but it’s never completely missing. Then, instead of rushing to repair the misfortune with a spirit of determination, everyone fears that his efforts will be futile or he does nothing, leaving everything to Fate. From the point of view of Generational Dynamics, the events that cause this “sudden collapse” and “total destruction” of   are called “regeneracy events,” because they regenerate civic unity for the first time since the end of the preceding crisis war. You do not need any particular methodology to understand that the whole world has become increasingly unstable in the last ten years. Because the political atmosphere is already extremely vitriolic and is likely to worsen further, it is worth repeating what I’ve written many times: Generational Dynamics predicts that the Mideast is headed for a major regional war, pitting Sunnis versus Shias, Jews versus Arabs, and various ethnic groups against each other. This is coming with 100% certainty, irrespective of who is president. Furthermore, the president can neither cause nor prevent this outcome. Maybe Trump’s missile attack will speed up this war, or maybe it will delay it. It could go either way. If Hillary Clinton had won, she might have made the same missile attack for the same reasons that Trump did. It is impossible to tell. The only thing that we can be sure of is that we have no way of knowing what the scenario will be, only that a regional war will be the result, in this generational Crisis era. CNN and philly. com, Related Articles, KEYS: Generational Dynamics, Russia, Syria, Bashar   Germany, Angela Merkel, UN Security Council, Harry Truman, Truman Doctrine, John F Kennedy, Steve Bannon, Jared Kushner, Battle of Bull Run, Bataan Death March, Wolfgang Schivelbusch, Carl von Clausewitz Permanent web link to this article Receive daily World View columns by  ",0
6233,"Joe Scarborough, Top GOP Strategist, to Trump: You Will Be Loved if You Fire Bannon - Breitbart","MSNBC host Joe Scarborough sent a subtly coded message Tuesday morning to an audience of one: President Donald Trump, you should fire Steve Bannon. [This week, Scarborough has been on a tear against Bannon  —   a populist firebrand, top aide to the president, and former executive chairman of Breitbart News. The Morning Joe talk show host, twice in the span of three minutes, summed up Bannon’s political philosophy as “Leninist”  —   that is, wanting to “destroy the American republic. ” This meme is based on a quote which Daily Beast author Ronald Radosh, an octogenarian this year, attributed to Bannon based on a conversation that Radosh claims took place in 2013. Bannon said last year that he did not remember either meeting Radosh or having that conversation.   Scarborough linked a poll showing President Trump’s approval at 36 percent to Bannon’s role as White House chief strategist. Trump is stuck at that number, he argued, “because he has simply refused to listen to everybody that has told him you need to reach out and be more inclusive. ” One of the people most responsible for Trump overestimating his support, Scarborough continued, is “our favorite player of the week, Steve Bannon. [in, apparently, a Steve Bannon voice] ‘Oh, they’re going to want me to be Vladimir Lenin and tear down the government because 65 percent of Americans are against us.’ I mean, what idiots. ” “If he wants to get his 36 [percent approval rating] to 56,” Scarborough concluded, “he’s gonna have to fire Steve Bannon and anybody else who calls themselves a Leninist who wants to destroy the American republic and government and start working with Republicans and Democrats and doing what 78 percent of Americans told NBC News a week ago. They want their leaders to compromise and work with the other side and make Washington work again. ” Trump will need to take this warning seriously, given Scarborough’s impressive political chops. He served in the U. S. Congress for the better part of seven years, resigning in 2001 to spend time with his family. For a time, renowned conservative pundit Bill Kristol floated Scarborough as his pick for the 2016 presidential race  —   eventually settling on a National Review editor who did not run, then settling on a CIA    staffer. As for expanding his populist appeal, the president would do well to seek out Morning Joe‘s invaluable look into “what the smart set in Washington and Manhattan are thinking” every day. Scarborough’s advice to President Trump has, so far, focused on surrendering to the establishment that has called him a     spy since the start of his campaign: January 27, 2017: “The press always wins. Washington always wins. You figure out how to work with them or you’re going to get crushed. ” January 31, 2017: “[Trump aide Stephen Miller]’s not good on television, you guys should probably keep him off television. ” February 6, 2017: “I suggest somebody at the White House get him to write a statement  —   a very strong statement letting the world know that he condemns the assassination of journalists and political rivals. ” February 17, 2017: “Don’t fight the press, the press always wins. Ask Richard Nixon. The press always wins!” February 28, 2017: Trump should use his Joint Address to Congress to announce “sweeping immigration reform” (i. e. amnesty for illegal immigrants). March 22, 2017: “Next time a voice inside your head says ‘screw with the FBI,’ just stop. ” Unfortunately, Trump has signaled that he will ignore Scarborough’s tips on appeasing the   media elite. A few weeks ago, the president’s @realdonaldtrump Twitter account stopped following Scarborough and his partner Mika Brzezinski. Nevertheless, the MSNBC host persists with his invaluable hot takes and armchair governance.",0
6234,"Spirit Medicine for the Age of Chaos, Division and Decay","Waking Times 
I find it easy to imagine a better world, one in which compassion and brotherhood reign supreme. Where greed has been dethroned and truth is respected and revered. A world where our resources are applied creatively, where technology liberates people instead of killing them, and where the natural world is as precious as the human body. 
On and on it goes. It’s a beautiful vision. 
It’s simple to imagine, because it resonates so deeply with what we know to be true about humans: at our root, we are beings of love. What’s difficult, though, seemingly impossible at times, is to envision the transition from today’s world to this high vision. 
What is the missing link? What is the secret? Must we overthrow something or someone? Is a revolution in order? Against whom, precisely? Or do we just start building amid the chaos, division and decay surrounding us? How do we get there from here? 
If you follow the thread of scientific reason on human consciousness all the way to its essence, you eventually arrive at the revelation that we create reality , and that the world at large is a macrocosmic representation of the experiences of the individual. Everything conscious and unconscious that lives and breathes within the self, is mirrored as fractals in our collective experience. In this way we share each other’s pain, and in this way we contribute to each other’s greatness. 
Observation of the world in this light is a diagnosis of the individual. The sicknesses manifest in our shared reality are to be found within the mind and spirit of all people. When we grasp this as the true nature of reality, the path to a better world suddenly appears. The healing of the one is the healing of the whole. The way is clear now. False Cures and Phony Pharmaceuticals 
We live in the age of phony solutions, misplaced hopes and false cures. Shallow is the new deep. Substance is nothing in the company of style. Medicines don’t heal, they harm by making themselves necessary. Cures now perpetuate disease, and the root is rarely unearthed, the source rarely revealed. 
The disease that keeps us on the path of self-destruction is a spiritual one, for, each and every human being is a container for personal and collective history, trial and trauma. The contents of our past help to color our future. Suffering buried within creates disharmony without. This is one of the fundamental truths about the spiritual essence of human beings. We carry our past with us, never thinking to let go of that which no longer serves us well. 
Our heritage as beings of nature includes the medicines which can release us suffering. These are mother nature’s spiritual medicines which serve as tools for personal, community and planetary renewal . Medicines to explore consciousness and one’s truest nature, but deemed illegal in the matrix, and now only available to those who seek them out. For those that do, a glimpse of the deepest areas of the self is possible, bringing extraordinary understanding of the value and meaning in life. “You find peace not by rearranging the circumstances of your life, but by realizing who you are at the deepest level.” ~ Eckhart Tolle First Let Go, Then Receive, Then Integrate 
My personal experience with shamanic plant medicines in their proper ceremonial context has led me to the understanding that to be happy one must be free. And to be free, one must be unencumbered and unaffected by fear. To be unaffected by fear, one must have looked intently into the darkest regions of oneself, thereby expanding the range of the possible, so that a rebound can occur allowing for a unfathomably grand new vision of the self. 
I have a good friend who works to preserve the culture and medicine traditions of an Amazonian tribe who is being driven into extinction by our consumeristic way of life. I’ve seen firsthand how their sacred plant medicine tradition can positively and permanently change someone’s life, rescuing them from victimhood, and releasing them to their true purpose and greatness. 
Another friend of mine, a shaman whose work with a powerful plant medicine tradition from the African rainforest , works everyday providing an opportunity for people like you and I to explore the vast depths of consciousness and memory, Creating a space that allows us to hold communion with our very own souls and letting us see the full depth, richness and vividness of contents stored in the subconscious mind. READ: Matrix Deprogramming and the Prohibition of Nature’s Red Pill 
These sacred healing traditions are mostly unknown and widely misunderstood in the culture of contemporary consciousness. These are the spiritual medicines and experiences outlawed by the matrix . Verboten because they have the power to free us from the death grip of self-destruction . 
The core message of these plant medicines, as I’ve come to see it, is three-fold: let go, receive, integrate. 
First you are called to let go of that which weighs you down, of the fear which prevents you from accepting truth, and of the expectation of having control. 
Then to receive. Receive knowledge of self, both sacred and profane. Receive knowledge of the natural world, without which we are nothing. And receive knowledge of the infinitely complexity, and inspiration inherent in the cosmos within. 
Then we must integrate these lessons or they are meaningless. We have to walk with these teachings and these revelations, carrying them with each day, in each interaction with others, forever forward as our lives grow more rich. We must actively rise to the challenge of creating the highest versions of ourselves. Final Thoughts 
This is the age of chaos, division and decay, when the sickness within colors darkly the world without. 
Culture has worked itself into a destructive and frustrating loop, and as the pattern of stress repeats itself, it leads us ever further away from our true nature. Largely cut off from spiritual medicine and deep spiritual experience, we don’t know which direction to turn for inspiration and strength, and are unable to see the way towards that great vision of our future. Yet, to dig ourselves out of the current trap of destruction the individual must be healed. Read more articles by Dylan Charles . About the Author 
Dylan Charles is a student and teacher of Shaolin Kung Fu, Tai Chi and Qi Gong, a practitioner of Yoga and Taoist arts, and an activist and idealist passionately engaged in the struggle for a more sustainable and just world for future generations. He is the editor of WakingTimes.com , the proprietor of OffgridOutpost.com , a grateful father and a man who seeks to enlighten others with the power of inspiring information and action. He may be contacted at . This article ( Spirit Medicine for the Age of Chaos, Division and Decay   Dylan Charles    ",0
6235,Product Review: Power Whisperer Pro Version,"Bill White November 17, 2016 Product Review: Power Whisperer Pro Version 
The folks at Independent Living have done it again. They’ve taken their popular Power Whisperer emergency power generator and done a second upgrade, making it even better than before. 
This new upgrade essentially doubles the capacity of the original unit, meaning that it will provide power to meet even more of a family’s needs, for an even longer period of time. 
I’ll tell you more about this update so keep reading the article below! 
One of the biggest risks we face today is that of an EMP attack. As a nation, we have enemies who are working hard to develop the technology necessary to allow them to hit the United States with such an attack. If they ever get to that point, a successful attack will set this country back over 100 years. Most electronic devices will be destroyed, but worse than that, the electrical power grid that we all depend on will be out of commission; probably for the rest of our lives. 
The only electronics which will survive such an attack are those which are shielded from EMP. Outside of the military, there is little that is made, which is shielded in such a manner. Yet the Power Whisperer has been designed with this possibility in mind, and is encased in 5052 aluminum. That’s more than enough to stop the EMP from touching the unit, ensuring that you’ll have electrical power, when everyone else’s lights are out. 
I was impressed with the quality of the original Power Whisperer and the M model. These are well-built, rugged units, designed to, as Timex says, “Take a licking and keep on ticking.” But I don’t think even the designer of the Power Whisperer realized how rugged a unit he built. 
See below a video of a Power Whisperer M (Classic Model) that had a disagreement with a truck. Apparently the unit was being shipped when this happened. I don’t know if the truck was trying to take the unit to the wrong address and it refused to be shipped there or the two of them got into a political argument. 
All I know is that the truck and the Power Whisperer tried to break a law of physics and occupy the same place at the same time. To be fair, the Power Whisperer was there first, and I really can’t say that the truck had any excuse, like not seeing the unit, after all, it hit it head on. 
Well, the results of that altercation left the Power Whisperer looking like a pile of scrap. In the video, someone in the Independent Living warehouse decided to unwrap the pile of scrap and test it out. Amazingly enough, it still provided power. That’s after being hit by a truck, all but torn limb from limb and then sitting in the warehouse, being ignored for a couple of months. 
I hope my Power Whisperer never has to be tried by fire like that, but it’s nice to know that the one that was survived its trial. Granted, it doesn’t look too good now, but at least it works. In an emergency situation, that’s what’s important. 
So now they’ve decided to go ahead and upgrade this rugged beast. That intrigued me when I heard about it, because I really wasn’t sure what they’d upgrade. But I’ll have to say, they did it right. They didn’t add whistles and bells that you don’t need, they increased the capacity. 
Let’s Upgrade! 
As far as I’m concerned, electrical power in a grid-down situation is like memory in a computer… you’ve never got enough. While the Power Whisperer M (Classic Model) had enough power to make it through an emergency caused by a power outage, the new one – PowerWhisperer PRO , has double that capacity but also some other features that I’m going to address in seconds. 
The Power Whisperer M (Classic Model) comes with a 100 amp-hour capacity. That means that it can run an electronic device that requires 100 amps of 12 volt power for 1 hour or that it can run a device that requires 1 amp of 12 volt power for 100 hours, or anything in between. There’s also a Power Whisperer M-Plus model that comes with an extra solar panel and battery that literally double your power, while all the specifications are the same. 
The Power Whisperer PRO model comes with the same voltage inverter, so you still have 2000 watts of 120 volt power available at any one time. In addition, there is a 12 volt outlet, so that you can power devices which are intended to run off of 12 volts. 
Do you have any camping equipment, tools or electronics which are intended for running off your car’s cigarette lighter/accessory connector? They’ll all plug into either the M model or the new Pro model as well. 
To help with recharging the larger storage capacity, Lee Bellinger, the designer of the Power Whisperer has also added a second, 100 watt solar panel, increasing the charge capacity as well. You can either recharge the Model M in half the time or recharge both the M model and the extra power pack at the same time. With this extra solar panel, you can charge both in the time that it used to take to charge the Model M alone. 
And the unit is expandable beyond that as well. The M model generator has enough connectors to attach up to four solar panels, increasing the recharge rate and total power available from the unit. You can also add another auxiliary power pack if you desire, increasing the overall power you have available in an emergency situation even more. 
These units are totally safe, using proven battery and battery charging technology which avoids “thermal runaway.” I’m sure you’ve heard of the problems that people have been having with the Samsung phones, well the charge technology used in the Power Whisperer prevent the possibility of that happening. The unit is not only safe from being hit by a truck, but from exploding as well. 
Seeing as the Power Whisperer was inspired by military technology and intended for survival use, it even comes complete with a camouflage net system, so that you can keep your unit away from prying eyes, whether you are using it for a bug in or you’re providing power to your survival retreat in a bug out. 
This is a well thought out unit, which will provide the electrical power your family needs, when you are faced by the next disaster. Built in America and built to withstand whatever is thrown at it, the Power Whisperer Pro gives your family a level of security you won’t find just anywhere. Now is the moment to get your power generator and solve your energy problem for years. You’ll also get 3 exclusive Survivopedia bonuses worth $150 when you invest in your Power Whisperer. Click the banner below and grab the opportunity of paying in monthly installments instead of paying for it all at once! 
This article has been written by Bill White for Survivopedia. 1 total views, 1 views today",0
6236,Russia and U.S. Clash Over Syria in Security Council Vote - The New York Times,"UNITED NATIONS  —   Russia and the Trump administration clashed in a vote at the United Nations Security Council for the first time on Tuesday, as the Kremlin vetoed a measure backed by the United States and its Western allies to punish Syria for using chemical weapons. While the Russians had long signaled their intent to block the resolution, which was supported by dozens of countries, the clash offered insights into the big divisions that remain between the Kremlin and President Trump, who has vowed to improve ties. Russia and China, two of the five permanent members of the Council, blocked the measure. It was the Kremlin’s seventh Security Council veto in defense of President Bashar   of Syria over the war that has been convulsing his country for nearly six years. The American ambassador, Nikki R. Haley, who has called chemical weapons attacks in Syria “barbaric,” accused Russia and China of putting “their friends in the Assad regime ahead of our global security” in her blunt rebuke of the vetoes. “It is a sad day on the Security Council,” Ms. Haley said after the vote. “When members start making excuses for other member states killing their own people, the world is definitely a more dangerous place. ” Diplomats said that Ms. Haley had insisted on putting the measure up for a vote this week, signaling a desire to take a tough stand on Russia. In recent weeks, Ms. Haley has condemned what she called Russia’s “aggressive actions” in eastern Ukraine, vowed to maintain sanctions over Russia’s annexation of Crimea and, in her Senate confirmation hearing, went as far as saying that Russia was guilty of war crimes in Syria. Her comments on Russia have sometimes contradicted the more conciliatory language of Mr. Trump, who has made clear his desire to increase cooperation with Russia. Ms. Haley, by contrast, has often echoed the talking points of the previous administration, as well as the concerns of Republicans in Congress who distrust the Kremlin. The resolution, proposed by Britain and France months ago and endorsed by the United States last week, would have imposed sanctions on a handful of Syrian military officials and entities for having dropped   barrel bombs on   areas on at least three occasions in 2014 and 2015, according to a United Nations panel. Russia’s envoy, Vladimir Safronkov, defended the veto, calling the resolution “politically biased” and asserting that Russia’s concerns about the draft language had not been addressed. “This is railroading the draft by the Western troika,” he said. China’s ambassador, Liu Jieyi, recalling the   American warnings of Iraq’s “  W. M. D. s” in 2003, criticized the resolution as an example of “hypocrisy” by the Western powers. “It was forced through to a vote while Council members still have differences,” he said. “This is in no way helpful to finding a solution. ” Chlorine is banned as a weapon under an international treaty that Mr. Assad’s government signed in 2013. The French ambassador, François Delattre, said he welcomed the solidarity from Ms. Haley on the resolution. “The Trump administration has a very clear position that is also our French position, the British position and the position of the majority of members of the Security Council,” he said. “We’re exactly on the same page. ” Britain’s ambassador, Matthew Rycroft, said: “This isn’t even about Syria. It’s about taking a stand when children are poisoned. ” The arguments and vote over the resolution were important because they shed light on how Mr. Trump would deal with the Kremlin over the Syria war. Russia is Mr. Assad’s most important foreign ally. Mr. Trump has repeatedly expressed admiration for President Vladimir V. Putin of Russia and said he wanted to strike a deal with him to stop the Syrian war and focus on fighting terrorism. But disagreements within Mr. Trump’s administration appear to have complicated that goal. A former governor of South Carolina, Ms. Haley has by her own admission limited foreign policy experience. Since she was confirmed on Jan. 24, she has limited her comments to a handful of foreign policy issues that plainly deliver political dividends at home. She has maintained a tough line on Russia and Iran, pledged to defend Israel and promised more oversight of how American funding for the United Nations is spent. She has said nothing about the Trump administration’s travel ban on refugees and visa applicants from seven predominantly Muslim countries, which the United Nations secretary general, António Guterres, has criticized. Ms. Haley, an American of Indian descent who grew up in a small South Carolina town, also has been silent on the attack on two Indian engineers in Kansas last week, which is suspected of being a hate crime and which threatens to cloud   relations. The conflict over the Syria resolution was in sharp contrast to a   consensus on the need to contain Syria’s use of chemical weapons. After a sarin gas attack on a suburb of Damascus in August 2013, Moscow and Washington struck a deal to force Mr. Assad to sign the chemical weapons treaty and dismantle his stockpile of the poisonous munitions under international supervision. The Syrian government, though, violated the deal, according to a United Nations panel set up by the Security Council, known as the Joint Investigative Mechanism. It found that the government had used chemical weapons at least three times. Russia helped to create the panel but questioned its findings when it implicated the Syrian government. The panel also found that Islamic State militants in Syria used mustard gas in August 2015. Moscow made clear last week that it would defeat the draft measure to impose sanctions on the Syrian government, calling it unbalanced. The Russian veto signaled how far Russia was willing to go to shield its ally in Damascus. Mr. Putin reinforced his opposition before the vote on Tuesday, adding that any Security Council penalties on the Syrian government would complicate diplomatic efforts underway in Geneva aimed at halting the war. “As for sanctions against the Syrian leadership, I think the move is totally inappropriate now,” he told a news conference while visiting Kyrgyzstan. “It does not help, would not help the negotiation process. It would only hurt or undermine confidence during the process. ” Human Rights Watch concluded in a recent report that the Syrian military had not only violated its promises not to use chemical weapons but had systematically dropped chlorine bombs in the final weeks of the battle to take the northern city of Aleppo last fall.",0
6237,"Jimmy Buffett’s ‘Margaritaville’ Is a State of Mind, and an Empire - The New York Times","His newest showstopper, a   hotel near Miami, has three pools, a   spa and eight restaurants, including a seriously upscale steakhouse. That electric blue sculpture in the lobby? You’d swear it was by Jeff Koons. Over near Orlando, work has started on his $800 million family resort, which will include a   water park and 1, 200 homes priced at up to $1 million apiece. His company, which had $1. 5 billion in sales last year, is introducing a line of jewelry. He has one of America’s   craft beers. A team  —   led by a former Google executive  —   is working to transform his digital media business. The man is Jimmy Buffett. And it’s time to toss whatever you thought you knew about his lazy, hazy Margaritaville out the window. Forget the ville. This is a Margarita World. “People are always shocked when they find out how big we’ve gotten,” Mr. Buffett said recently over lunch, grinning and splashing Tabasco on a modified Cobb salad. “We just kept quietly doing our thing. Not saying much. And now  —   bam!  —   here we are. ” Margaritaville, with its themed restaurants (erupting volcanoes,   booths) started as a tropical cousin to T. G. I. Friday’s. Through trial and error, Mr. Buffett and a partner, John Cohlan, have since expanded Margaritaville Holdings to include four booming divisions: lodging, alcohol, licensing and media. Now, as they pursue growth for the first time overseas, where Mr. Buffett has a much softer fan base, they are trying to recast Margaritaville as a broad, aspirational brand  —   the Ralph Lauren of leisurely escape, if you will. “The stroke of genius was making Margaritaville a feeling, not a place,” said Mindy Grossman, the chief executive of the   behemoths HSN and Frontgate, where   Margaritaville items include a $799 hammock and $159 penny loafers. “If you don’t take the name so literally, growth could be endless. ” Endless? “O. K. not endless,” Ms. Grossman said. “I wouldn’t suggest doing fake fur coats. But almost. ” Mr. Buffett, patron saint of the untroubled, has long been known for his business acumen. In some ways, with his approach to concert merchandise and tour sponsorship in the 1980s, he created the model of    that managers for artists like Madonna and Dave Matthews have pursued more recently. Other singers have parlayed their personas into business empires  —   Dolly Parton, for instance, with her Dollywood theme park, Dixie Stampede dinner theaters, Dolly slot machines and “Coat of Many Colors” merchandise  —   but none are as singularly sprawling as Mr. Buffett’s Margaritaville. “He understands his brand, which has a substantial reach,” Warren E. Buffett, a friend (but not a relative) said by phone. “One of the secrets to his success is that he never really loses any fans. ” Still, a thriving brand needs to steadily recruit new devotees, and that may be Margaritaville’s biggest challenge. While Mr. Buffett’s fan base includes young people  —   drunkenly singing along to “Margaritaville” in a college bar is practically an American rite of passage  —   his core followers are baby boomers. How does Margaritaville make itself more relevant to people in their 30s? What fuels sales of those licensed products once Mr. Buffett, 69, has warbled his last warble? It’s a subject that Mr. Cohlan, who is Margaritaville’s chief executive, was not especially keen to discuss. Asked about how the company thinks about a future without its public face, Mr. Cohlan said, “Jimmy Buffett is an American treasure,” and changed the subject. A more robust media presence beyond Mr. Buffett seems to be one answer. Last year, Mr. Cohlan expanded the company’s digital media efforts, which already included a SiriusXM satellite radio channel. He hired Laura Lee from the Google ranks, where she was a senior executive at YouTube, and charged her with building a digital content studio, improving Margaritaville’s social media presence and introducing mobile games. (One casual game coming in July will have users searching for their lost shaker of salt.) The goal is a fully formed ecosystem. Last year, an estimated 15 million people ate at one of Mr. Buffett’s 67 restaurants or stayed at one of his seven hotels and   resorts. The company also wants the masses to buy Margaritaville food at their local grocery store (items like iced tea, frozen shrimp and tortilla chips are already on shelves) watch   videos on their phones (“The Best Beach Bars of the Caribbean” is one idea in development) and maybe even sleep on Margaritaville bedsheets (in various designs, including “Strawberry Daiquiri” coral, starting at $19. 98). Ms. Lee’s efforts could also lead to more traditional TV programming. A model is Vice Media, which began as a   video company and went on to sprout an HBO series and Viceland, a   cable channel. Not by coincidence, Margaritaville in 2014 sold a minority stake to the Raine Group, a merchant bank known for its investment in Vice and ties to the William Morris Endeavor talent agency. “The international opportunity for the Margaritaville ecosystem is really exciting,” said Joe Ravitch, Raine’s  . Mr. Buffett and Mr. Cohlan are   of the rest of Margaritaville. In success, could Margaritaville be a candidate for a public offering? “The brand isn’t yet for everybody,” said the political polling expert Douglas E. Schoen, who has conducted extensive consumer research for Margaritaville. “It’s not for me, and it’s not for most journalists. But it’s much, much bigger than I initially thought. ” Mr. Schoen added, “It has the potential to be a major global brand. ” To understand the evolving Margaritaville, consider the   Margaritaville Hollywood Beach Resort (that’s Hollywood, Fla.) which cost $190 million to build and held its grand opening in November. Relying almost entirely on word of mouth, the hotel has reached an occupancy rate of 93 percent, the lodging equivalent of a smash hit. Euphoric Margaritaville executives estimate that Parrot Heads, as Mr. Buffett’s   fans are known, make up less than 50 percent of the bookings: The hotel is attracting people that Mr. Buffett was probably not reaching before. “I personally sweated every freaking detail of this place for eight years,” said a beaming Mr. Cohlan in March, as he held court in the hotel’s   lobby, which is accented with palm trees and a lime green and turquoise carpet. “Hey! Good to see you!” he hollered to an employee as she stopped to tell him how proud she was to work at the hotel. “Thank you, doll,” he said. “That means the world. ” Located about 40 minutes north of Miami Beach, Hollywood is still Old Florida, land of grim souvenir shops, jai alai courts and   cinder block motels. And some residents worried that Mr. Buffett’s arrival would make it worse. “We don’t need people being wasted away in Margaritaville,” Audrey Joynt, a past president of the Hollywood Beach Business Association, told The Miami Herald in 2010, as Mr. Cohlan was pushing city managers to approve the project. But Margaritaville surprised critics by building a quite upscale resort. Envisioning a hotel sound system that blares “Cheeseburger in Paradise” until you want to lose your mind? Think again. Mr. Buffett’s songs play very sparingly. In fact, his persona often seems a half step removed. Rooms, decorated with white shutters, aqua blue accents and hardwood floors, start at nearly $300 and go up to $1, 800 for oceanfront suites. The steakhouse, JWB Prime Steak and Seafood, could hold its own in Manhattan. “Hotel companies always make the same mistake when the budget gets tight at the end of a project,” Mr. Cohlan said. “The last coat of paint gets cut. But guess what? That’s what your guests see. ” Pat McBride, whose McBride Company designed the hotel, noted the   lobby chandelier, made from dozens of   margarita glasses. “It looks almost like Lalique,” he said by phone. Go ahead and roll your eyes. But see it and you realize that he was kind of right. There is a boozy,  ’  ’ clientele, for sure. But there are also men and women in business suits  —   the hotel has 30, 000 square feet of meeting space  —   and guests like Lynn and Pam Wilken, visitors in their 50s from Ashkum, Ill. where they farm soybeans and run a candle business. “We don’t follow Jimmy Buffett’s music, but his name gave me comfort about booking a hotel online that we didn’t know anything about,” Mrs. Wilken said, as she lounged poolside with her husband. The couple, finishing a weeklong stay at the resort, vowed to come back, despite a caveat or two. “You don’t want to wander too far down the beach, particularly at night, but that’s fine with us. ” Mr. Wilken added: “It’s hard to put your finger on, but there is something authentic about this place. It doesn’t feel forced on you. ” That may be the biggest compliment of all. For a   lifestyle brand to flourish, it cannot feel as if it was created by a corporate focus group. That genuineness is a difficult trick to pull off, as hotel giants like Marriott and Hyatt have learned with their attempts to build   boutique chains like Edition and Andaz. “We somehow got it right,” Mr. Buffett said of the Hollywood property. “Thank you, Baby Jesus and John Cohlan. ” Fittingly, the Margaritaville empire started with a nap. The year was 1996, and Mr. Cohlan, then working for the corporate raider Nelson Peltz, known for targeting companies like Snapple and Arby’s, had gotten to know Mr. Buffett’s wife, Jane, on the Palm Beach, Fla. society circuit. One day, Mr. Cohlan turned up at the Buffetts’ home to talk about the potential growth of Margaritaville, which was then just a popular song  —   released in 1977, it peaked at No. 8 on the pop charts  —   and a   chainlet. But the singer was asleep. “Had it not been for Jane, who went to wake Jimmy up, this extremely successful partnership might not have happened,” said Richard Plepler, the chief executive of HBO, who knows both men. Asked about this anecdote, Mr. Buffett smiled sheepishly and said: “I do like a good nap. That’s true. ” Mr. Buffett opened his first Margaritaville restaurant in 1987 in Key West, Fla. It found instant success  —   so much, in fact, that he opened a second location in New Orleans in 1993. But the sequel was a relative dud, and Mr. Buffett applied the brakes, rebuffing an offer from the Walt Disney Company to build a lavishly themed Margaritaville at a Walt Disney World shopping mall. Enter Mr. Cohlan. He had recently experienced the Parrot Head phenomenon for himself  —   their wild tropical clothing, their endless tailgating  —   and had an epiphany. “All I really knew before I went to that concert was that girls would put on halter tops and play his songs when the weather turned nice,” he said. “When I saw him perform, I said to myself, ‘Whoa. Holy   . This is a brand. ’” Mr. Buffett took on Mr. Cohlan as a partner, and together they began to expand Margaritaville, beginning at the Universal Orlando Resort, which at that time was owned by Seagram. Mr. Buffett recalled how he told Seagram during negotiations that he had one final request: “Can you just tilt that bridge a little so that people leaving your park literally roll into the front doors of my restaurant?” Mr. Cohlan and Mr. Buffett cracked up recalling the look on the Seagram team’s face. Just before the Orlando opening, Mr. Cohlan played hardball with Seagram over a liquor matter and inadvertently started a new line of business. Seagram, which also owned Mr. Buffett’s record company then, had introduced Parrot Bay rum, which Mr. Buffett felt   his band’s Parrot Head imagery. Mr. Cohlan  —   quite seriously, this time  —   told Seagram that Margaritaville would boycott its alcohol. In a matter of weeks, Margaritaville had its own tequila and beer brand. The theme park Margaritaville has been a runaway hit since opening in 1999. Last year, according to Mr. Cohlan, the restaurant generated about $22 million in sales. Something about Mr. Buffett’s mellow, unchallenging persona seems to make parents feel O. K. about tying one on with their children in tow. “Believe me,” Mr. Buffett said, “I didn’t know I was going to end up as family entertainment, either. ” Not everything has gone Margaritaville’s way. For starters, that early beer, Lone Palm Lager, named after one of Mr. Buffett’s songs, did not sell as they had hoped. “We only found out later, after we did consumer research to figure out what was going on, that the name bummed people out because it made them think about drinking alone,” Mr. Cohlan said. They renamed it LandShark Lager, a nod to Mr. Buffett’s song “Fins. ”  : Sales started to take off. The company’s first resort, a planned $700 million casino and hotel in Biloxi, Miss. was delayed by the   economic collapse. Margaritaville eventually opened a much smaller hotel in Biloxi, but it went belly up, perhaps because the company picked a bad location. This month Mr. Cohlan announced a third attempt, set to open later this year. This time, there will be more of a family focus, and no casino. Eight more Margaritaville hotels, including one in Grand Cayman, are in various stages of development. Margaritaville’s signature restaurant chain is expanding quickly  —   it will soon push into California for the first time, opening at Universal Studios Hollywood  —   but a spinoff series of restaurants in the Midwest called Cheeseburger in Paradise has struggled. Margaritaville sold its Cheeseburger stake in 2005 and, since then, roughly half the locations have closed as the brand was lobbed between owners. Still, Margaritaville has mostly had smooth sailing, building a unique corporate culture  —   employees all use the same valediction in emails: “Fins Up!”  —   and drawing fanatic customers like Carol and Butch Wayland, who live in St. Catharines, Ontario. The Waylands, who own a trade school, have made it their mission to visit as many Margaritaville outposts as possible in May they plan to try their first Margaritaville at Sea, a new offering by Norwegian Cruise Line. “We’re not Parrot Heads,” Mrs. Wayland said. “We’re just normal, everyday people who happen to be residents of the Margaritaville state of mind. ” Mrs. Wayland, who is in her 50s, added that she had “spent a fortune” on Margaritaville products, including hats,   dress shirts, shorts, clocks, coffee mugs, barware, a blender and underwear. They also have a framed photograph of themselves popping out of a    Jacuzzi, snapped at a Margaritaville location in the Caribbean. If all of this sounds like maybe Mrs. Wayland sometimes has one margarita too many, she wouldn’t entirely disagree. “That too!” she said. “I once fell off a bar stool at the Margaritaville in Turks and Caicos and landed right in the water. Kerplop. ”",0
6238,BUSTED: Clinton Foundation Directly Tied To Plot To Steal Election,"BUSTED: Clinton Foundation Directly Tied To Plot To Steal Election Posted on October 27, 2016 by Prissy Holly in Politics Share This 
Ever since early voting began, numerous reports are claiming that the electronic voting machines are rigged, as votes for Donald Trump are automatically switched to Hillary Clinton. We’ve all begun to suspect that Hillary is behind the scam, and now, we have further proof that Democrats are the ones tampering with these machines as part of their intricate plan to steal the election. 
We recently reported how Hillary’s evil billionaire funder George Soros owns the voting machines in 16 key states, which immediately set off warning bells nationwide. Disturbingly, the massive fraud taking place is not just confined to those 16 areas, as another crooked player in Hillary’s election-stealing plot has just been revealed. 
In a bombshell just unearthed by independent researcher Micro Spooky Leaks , A Canadian company by the name of Dominion Voting provides the voting machines to 600 jurisdictions in 22 states and is directly linked to the Clinton Foundation as one of their massive donors. 
On their homepage, the company alludes to how they help rig elections, stating “ we strive to change elections for the better!” which is a chilling statement considering they supply 50% of the electronic voting machines on the U.S. voting market. 
Right after this startling information was revealed, however, it appears as though Democrats immediately began white-washing the information, as the link to the statement on the Wikipedia page that corroborated the bombshell information was mysteriously removed. 
Hillary has played dirty for years, and it appears as though her antics aren’t stopping now. After murdering many people close to exposing her scandals as a way to prevent them from ruining her presidential bid, the only thing left now is to steal the election through massive voter fraud. 
The picture at this point is becoming bleak. There’s no doubt that Donald Trump can defeat Hillary, as evidenced by his early lead in many historically blue states, and the recent bombshell that Hillary’s lead across many polls is completely fake. 
However, fighting back against electronic voting machines that have been calibrated by Hillary operatives to switch votes from Republican to Democrat will be extremely difficult. The only thing we can do at this point is demand a paper ballot when we vote. Dominion Voting machines that will be used in 22 states 
We are coming down to the wire here. Every day, more information surfaces on Hillary and the Democrats’ crooked scheme to steal the election. Continue to share stories like this and help fight back and spread the information. 
Knowledge is power, and with the ability to instantly share information with the internet, we can help expose what’s going on by constantly barraging our clueless friends and family members with the truth.",0
6239,Strangely Like Gulag: Schooling and the Industrial Machine,"By Suprabha Seshan / localfutures.org 
For many years, I’ve seen more and more of my rural and tribal neighbors pack their children off to school. Now, every morning between 8:00 and 9:00 am in this upwardly-mobile-yet-backward district, the country roads are full of children commuting to school, hoisting bags laden with what they believe is the wisdom and knowhow of modern culture. They are going for vidyabhyaasam (education, or more literally speaking, ‘the exercise of knowledge’), and they go to the keepers of this knowledge – to teachers in schools. Everyone (parents, children, the state and society) deems this to be good and necessary. 
While I’ve long been a champion of equal opportunities, I’m now starting to believe that a dark and dangerous psychic predicament is falling upon this land, in part aided by the simultaneous entry of television into village homes, and a slew of fickle government policies aimed at progress, modernity and the end of poverty. 
The result is that self-reliance and land-based sustenance have been, more or less, replaced by a mobile populace commuting daily in the hope of finding skills, knowledge, support, wisdom and security elsewhere. A perverse notion – that the ‘other is better’ than self and home, that this ‘other’ can be acquired through hard work, enterprise, subsidies and bank loans, that everyone is now entitled to this ‘other’– is now here in our midst. 
Since mental and social strife are also increasing, perhaps this version of modernity, underneath all the glitter and promise, needs some examination. Is it for instance, instilling aspirations that can never be truly fulfilled? Is it exchanging one type of poverty for another? What happens to family and community relations once the young leave? What do these children do, once schooled? 
The subsidiary thesis of this essay is that modern education serves a version of Gulag, by forcing our young to suffer unspeakable conditions at an early age, by compelling them to do school work and homework for a greater part of their day. By sustaining this over long periods, at the most crucial time in their vulnerable years, it breaks them, in order to refashion them into a pliable workforce. By the end of schooling, if they succeed, the young are yoked, through fear and the promise of salvation. (If they fail, as indeed most do, they are consigned to lesser destinies). This arduous entrainment is essential for the great global workplace, and can only happen with various forms of rewards, promises, threats, violence and incarceration. 
Incarceration (both voluntary and involuntary), when sustained and normalized, leads to a range of issues—shutdown, frustration, disorder, escape, split psychologies, helplessness, dissociation, physical ailments and phobias. These can be seen amongst children, prisoners, slaves, caged and beaten animals, controlled peoples. 
The primary thesis of this essay is that the psychic predicament just outlined goes hand in hand with the destruction of life, with the catastrophic end of the biosphere. 
A DIY manual for colonizing a new land might read: 
• First persuade, seduce, bribe or devastate the people. Break up their society, their beliefs, and their ways of life.• Take over their rivers, and their forests. Do this by hook or crook. Or use plain force, no pretense.• Convince them that it’s for their own good. Even better, work on the young. Instill the idea that you have something supremely better to offer.• Draw them into the concrete jungle, into the cyber machine, into the factorial workplace, into the idea of the good life in the shining city.• At all times control their food and water: this instills fear and compliance.• Then, sever their allegiance to their bodies and psyches; hook them to the machine.• Be the mighty provider. 
Evicted populations, trans-located communities, weakened land-based cultures, and migrant workforces need to be fed, watered, educated, employed, housed and kept docile with entertainment. You have them when you’ve sold them the idea of choice while you’ve closed all the exit points, and they eat what you supply. Enter a new species of human bred on petroleum-driven food, petroleum-driven water, petroleum-driven health, petroleum-driven culture, petroleum-driven mind. 
Little bodies I’ve known, bodies tumbling, climbing, swimming, running, now sit still for long hours, with book/notebook/pencil in hand, in thrall, if not of the authority at the far end of the classroom, then of their fantasies. Little minds I’ve known, curious, aware, sensitive, attuned to the lives of creatures, rivers, land and each other thrown into the maw of the global machine, to be carried away to faraway lands and cities. 
The young are given thoughts, ideas and behaviors to follow or imitate, and to believe without question, to accept without dispute, and to ignore the call of their own bodies. By the end of schooling students take the following to be truths: everything comes with a price tag; it’s possible to have an economy without an ecology; the earth is irrelevant; other humans are irrelevant; life is a matter of goods, gadgets, cash transactions and services. 
It’s a rare community that does not send its children away to the cold vigilant ‘care’ of ever-distant adults of varying backgrounds and temperaments, teaching ever-distant things, for the sake of progress and human betterment. This sending away, experienced by children variously as severance, uprooting or exile, is done with good intention, and full conviction. 
The Left, the fringe, the rebels and the spiritually-minded have clearly outlined how schools breed factory workers, zombies and psychopaths. I’d like to propose that schooling is necessary for building a hierarchy of egos by destroying the individual’s inherence in community through an insidiously brutal system of reward and punishment normalized in the name of education and social advancement. This hierarchy of egos, with an elite at the top commanding much of the world’s wealth and people, is essential to genocide and ecocide. 
Today, I’m on a journey with a friend of mine, a Kurchiya tribesman. We’ve just come out of a forest to a town bursting with tourist operations, shops selling trinkets, hippie clothing, multinational beverages. I look back towards the jungle, with its thousands of species of living beings, its hills, rivers, valleys, and rain clouds swirling, upswelling. Then my gaze cursorily moves over a famous quote from Nelson Mandela, painted on a compound wall, “Education is the most powerful weapon with which you can change the world”. 
My first thought is that different realities can be juxtaposed in one eye-sweep. Second, Mandela was not a pacifist. Third, there’s a premise here that education is a positive thing, and that there is a shared definition of education. Fourth, Hmmm, that sounds like propaganda, it’s a statement aiming to change the world. Fifth, if the word ‘weapon’ is being used, surely there’s a war going on, or theft, injustice, or unspeakable violence, and that education is part of a militant struggle. My sixth thought is that that quote is now used by liberals, right-wingers, leftists, corporate-types and has over two million hits on Google! Just goes to show how great quotes can be co-opted to serve any agenda! 
Are the following true or false, or just inconvenient? 
• Modern education serves the corporate mindset, which serves a psychopathic mind-set that is behind planetary destruction. 
• Modern education feeds young minds and bodies into the industrial machine. It does this, overtly or covertly, by destroying traditional forms of community and replacing them with notions of the global workforce, the global market. By doing this it ends up serving forces of capitalism, industrialism, and a system that rewards the elite. 
• Modern education fetishizes abstraction. It rewards adepts of abstraction and standardization. By starting this early in life, the body becomes subservient to concept and clock, to the virtual, the distant and the measurable. 
Modern schooling fractures the individual in a number of irreparable ways. The fractures are complex, and many: the child from sustained intimate body contact with mother, with family; the child from neighbors; the child’s mind from its body, from the natural environment, common/community sense, the land-base; the child from the real and the multi-dimensional (to the abstract and the virtual); from local history (to someone else’s future or past); the child from wholeness (towards a fragmentedness); the child from magic, oral histories, gleaming cosmologies, peopled and alive (to facts derived by unknown people and machines); the child from living beings (to inanimate things); the child from rootedness and sense of place; the child from natural, cyclical, expansive time. 
Life is thus reduced to a matter of negotiating between split worlds, split mind-bodies, split communities, split realities, split values, split responsibilities, split knowledge domains, split geographies, split identities, split loyalties. How can a little human being possibly tolerate this? 
R D Laing wrote: 
“In order to rationalize our industrial-military complex, we have to destroy our capacity to see clearly any more what is in front of, and to imagine what is beyond, our noses. Long before a thermonuclear war can come about, we have had to lay waste to our own sanity. We begin with the children. It is imperative to catch them in time. Without the most thorough and rapid brainwashing their dirty minds would see through our dirty tricks. Children are not yet fools, but we shall turn them into imbeciles like ourselves, with high IQs, if possible.” 
Is it a stretch of imagination that school life is a continuous process of disintegration and estrangement? Study after study guarantees that, by the end of formative education, few children have healthy levels of self-esteem and self-worth, including the ones who worked hard and proved to themselves that they could achieve their goals and desires. How many students leave school with vibrant connections to a community that they will contribute to, as it has contributed to them? How many are comfortable in their skins? How many remain ‘whole’? The subtext for graduates of schooling goes thus: her body is better than mine, their body type is better than our body type; his mind is better than mine; their minds are better than ours. Their culture is better than mine: television says it’s so. 
My Kurchiya friend, a superlative tracker, now raises his children on a diet of Animal Planet and Discovery channels, homework, white rice, white sugar. No jungle meat, no walks on the wild side. I ask him if he intends to teach his jungle craft to his children. He says he will, that he wants his children to know healing with plants and the ways of animals, but that he also wants them to go to school. Vidyabhyaasam is a good and necessary thing, he declares. I ask him about Kurchiya vidyabhyaasam . He misunderstands me and says they have no schools. I ask him how they teach their young. He replies that girls and boys are socialized to become responsible members of their community, with different sets of instructions for either sex, offered by elders in the community or their parents, through a variety of rituals, celebrations, guidance and tasks. Boys, for instance, have bows made for them when they are very small, just to play with, and then they start accompanying the men to the forest, where there is a lot to learn about every animal, and about the forest. 
The Kurchiyas were fierce rebels and proud fighters. They could read the forest better than you and I can read a book. Now they work for wages, and their children go to school. Once they’ve been educated and urbanized, their bows will be mass-produced for tourist outlets; their elders will recount tales of valor to travelers in homestays, between television commercials; and their amazing bodies will succumb to various forms of civilization-induced diseases like diabetes, hypertension and cancer. 
An oft-touted development mandate goes something like this, “Get the children in school, and crime rates will drop”. The more I see the effects of modern civilization the more I think, “Get those children in school, make them extensions of the machine, and the living world, the real world, including themselves, will drop.”",0
6240,New Heavy-Duty Voting Machine Allows Americans To Take Out Frustration On It Before Casting Ballot - The Onion - America's Finest News Source,"More Election Coverage New Heavy-Duty Voting Machine Allows Americans To Take Out Frustration On It Before Casting Ballot The new Citadel voting machines can withstand up to 40 voters an hour getting a running start from a dozen yards outside the booth, leaping at full speed, and jump-kicking them directly in the screen. Close The new Citadel voting machines can withstand up to 40 voters an hour getting a running start from a dozen yards outside the booth, leaping at full speed, and jump-kicking them directly in the screen. NEWS November 2, 2016 Vol 52 Issue 43 · Politics · Election 2016 
WASHINGTON—Saying the circumstances of this year’s presidential race made the upgrade necessary, election commissions throughout the country were reportedly working to install new heavy-duty voting machines this week that will allow Americans to physically take out their frustrations on the devices before casting their votes. 
According to Premier Election Solutions, the manufacturer of the new Citadel electronic voting machine, each unit features an easy-to-navigate interface, keeps accurate and secure tallies of votes, and is constructed with durable Kevlar buttons, a shatter-resistant Plexiglas screen, and a reinforced titanium housing, ensuring the devices are able to endure sustained blunt force trauma from voters’ fists and elbows as well as repeated puncturing attempts from sharp objects wielded by exasperated citizens. 
“These new voting machines were designed specifically with the 2016 election in mind and have been engineered to withstand everything the nation’s voters will bring at them on Election Day,” said company spokesperson Stephen Dunn, who also noted that the units’ Teflon coating makes it easy to wipe down all the sweat and saliva that will accumulate on their surface when they are being repeatedly pummeled in fits of anger. “When 18 months of disgust finally culminate inside the nation’s voting booths, these machines will be able to absorb every punch, kick, and knee drop citizens can dish out while still reliably tabulating totals for all local, state, and national races.” 
“Like millions of other Americans, I know that I’ll be ready to unload my pent-up rage next Tuesday,” Dunn added. “And our machines will be ready too.” 
According to Dunn, the Citadel underwent numerous revisions during testing, as a series of early designs proved incapable of withstanding voters’ increasing level of aggravation as the election progressed. Engineers are said to have quickly pulled their prototypes from preliminary field tests during the Virginia and Minnesota primaries upon learning the device’s original plastic housing was splintering to pieces following sharp headbutts from as few as three successive voters. 
Additionally, internal modifications were reportedly made after Super Tuesday to more securely solder the processor and wiring into place so the unit would maintain functionality each time it was thrown to the ground by a red-faced, screaming voter and continuously kicked for 35 minutes straight. 
In a later trial during the Wisconsin primary, when the Republican field had been effectively whittled down to just Ted Cruz and Donald Trump, Dunn said the design team came up with the idea to attach an aluminum baseball bat to the side of the machine with a steel cord, noting that if they didn’t provide voters with a convenient weapon, they would physically rip the unit’s legs off and beat it with those to the point of exhaustion. 
“Our test models were really pushed to their physical limits during the New Jersey primary in June when it was more or less clear that the country would be left with Hillary Clinton and Donald Trump as its two choices for president,” said Dunn, explaining that the devices had to survive all-out, abusive barrages from every voter who entered their testing precincts in Passaic County. “Thankfully, we had incorporated military-grade armor plating into the machines by that point, which proved able to sustain everything from being repeatedly smashed up against a cinder-block gymnasium wall to being dragged up and then pushed down flights of church basement stairs several times in a row.” 
“Of course, that was the night we learned we needed to make the touchscreen bulletproof, though,” Dunn continued. 
According to poll workers, excitement about the new machines appears to have increased voter turnout in the general election, with early voting up by as much as 30 percent in states where the units have already been installed, forcing many polling places to institute time limits on how long voters can batter, stomp on, and bite the units in raving bouts of hysterics. 
“It was nice to get in there and finally cast my ballot,” said 55-year-old Gordon Mulner, an early voter in Fredericksburg, VA, panting heavily as he wiped away the sheen of sweat from his brow with his raw, bleeding knuckles. “I had to wait in line a little while, but it was worth it. It felt good to make my voice heard.” 
“I think I broke my hand,” he added. 
At press time, election officials were scrambling to chain the machines to precinct walls, as it became apparent they would need to prevent voters from lugging them into the parking lot and repeatedly backing over them with their cars. Share This Story: Sign up For The Onion's Newsletter 
Give your spam filter something to do. Daily Headlines ",0
6241,Feist Wants to Ask You Some Questions About Sadness - The New York Times,"“What are 10 words to describe the way you experience your sadness?” “What makes you feel tenderness?” “Describe a lonely day in one sentence. ” This is how Leslie Feist, the Canadian singer and songwriter best known by her last name, returns to public life: armed with 16 emotional prompts that she calls “The Pleasure Questionnaire”  —   an icebreaker of sorts for the strangers she will meet while promoting her new album, “Pleasure,” out April 28 from Interscope. She realizes it’s a big ask. “It’d be hard to know if even within a lifetime of friendship some of these topics on the questionnaire would be tackled,” Feist wrote in an email, promising discretion. “They’re just the things I’d most like to know. ” It’s true that the survey is an accurate indicator of where Feist’s head is lately  —   “Pleasure,” her first LP in six years, is concerned with similarly lofty themes and broad questions, with the music serving as her version of an answer. “Here I am living in my life,” she said, “and songs occur to help me make sense of it. ” Epiphanies are not the point. “I know less now than I ever did about how life is supposed to go. It’s relaxing. ” This is the   state of a singer, now 41, who has rejected a kind of fame that did not suit her in favor of a more personal version of her own making. A decade removed from “1234,” the accidental midcareer hit that altered the course of her life (but not her music) Feist has turned further inward with “Pleasure,” which was inspired by a short    solo tour in 2014. The album is largely just her singular voice and guitar, but it pummels with intimacy and tape hiss as raw whispers turn to wails and tinny riffs clang until they break. Across two long walks in February and March  —   one in Central Park as spring tried to prematurely bloom, and another in the sunny mountains above Los Angeles  —   Feist was voluble and loose, prone to discursive reveries even as she described the personal turmoil and uncertainty that led to this knotty, taxing album. “There’s been a lot of sad times lately,” she said, speaking somewhat abstractly to avoid revealing their roots, while parsing the decision to put “a word that so doesn’t seem to fit” at the forefront of her new work, which hardly oozes joy. (“Pleasure” is also the album’s first song and single.) “It’s such an inaccurate,   word that, in fact, when you look a little closer, it carries in it yearning and loss and ” she said. “Pleasure is implicit in pain, which is implicit in pleasure. ” The producer Mocky, who has worked with Feist on her last three albums, said the goal of the sessions  —   “Pleasure” was recorded mostly live, three times in three different locations  —   was to “be more vulnerable than you’ve been before. ” Amid the success of “The Reminder,” her 2007 album that featured “1234,” Feist took on a rather inaccurate reputation for   tweeness through her most widespread songs (see also: “Mushaboom,” “I Feel It All”). But with “Metals” in 2011, she shook off any lingering commercial expectations, recasting her ambitions with more complex songwriting draped in grand, intricate musical layers. This time around, following that palate cleanser, she tore it all down. “If you came to ‘Metals’ looking for ‘1234,’ you didn’t find it,” Mocky said. “Just when you thought you had that maneuver clocked, now with this, it’s like, ‘Oh, you thought that was a hard left?’ No, no, that wasn’t a hard left at all. This is a hard left. ” New songs like “Lost Dreams” and “Century” are borderline crude with shame and despair, while the minimalist instrumentation leaves Feist’s tender melodies and often gutting lyrics unadorned. “I felt some certainty that you must have   how could I live if you’re still alive?” she sings on “I Wish I Didn’t Miss You. ” “It can feel heavier than metal when you’re by yourself, because you can make so little seem like so much,” Feist said of the stark arrangements, which she called “the natural reflection of my state of mind. ” The album may have started from a place of loneliness, but it landed at “potent, positive solitude,” she said, stressing the difference. In person, Feist’s sprightly demeanor does not betray her inner burdens leave her alone for a moment, and you might return to find her practicing “Silent Night” on a harmonica, giggling knowingly at the absurdity of the scene. There are lighter moments on the album, too  —   attempts to mitigate her own “propensity to swing like a pendulum to extremes,” said Feist, who has sparred with “classic, constant   depression and anxiety,” an affliction she called “so boring. ” The soft and dreamy “Get Not High, Get Not Low” is a reminder to herself, while on the relatively optimistic album closer “Young Up,” she reassures a past self, “Young buck, the end’s not coming. ” These songs came to her at a time when making another album was not a foregone conclusion. “I was completely open to the idea that I might focus on something else for a while,” Feist said. She watched a lot of “Nashville,” traveled and read extensively, and even took up woodworking  —   making benches, bed frames, a screen porch  —   inspired in part by John Steinbeck’s “Journal of a Novel,” the letters he kept while writing “East of Eden. ” Long a nomad, having leapfrogged for years among Toronto, Paris, Berlin and now Los Angeles, Feist also collects, in a classic bohemian sense, what she calls “aspirational people,” though never for wealth or power. There’s the older playwright with access to   real estate, the musical neuroscientist with theories on pleasure, the   busker aspiring to art therapy and the Beckett actress, each with jewels of arcane knowledge to be gleaned. “   Leslie felt   to be in a band with her friends  —   she decided what I’m doing with the rest of my life?” Feist pondered. “I just took a minute to see if any other lightning would strike me  —   a different moment, a different era. ” Of songwriting, she explained, “I wanted to make sure it was a legitimate drive, coming from a really honest and humble place, not because it’s what I do. ” She added: “Of course I worked really hard, but it’s been completely built on a zeitgeist and luck and timing. I didn’t want to keep just plunking quarters in the meter as if I owe it something  —   or as if it owes me something. It had to be a legitimate exchange. And it turned out it was. ” Though she set out to make the album alone, Feist eventually welcomed in Renaud Letang, a longtime collaborator, and Mocky as  . Their job was “to get out of the way,” Mocky said. “She was really owning every note, every decision. ” Such artistic possessiveness may have stemmed from a perceived loss of control around the success of “1234”  —   a song she did not even write  —   which snowballed from an iPod commercial to “Sesame Street,” the pop charts and the Grammys, where Feist was nominated for best new artist in 2008 alongside Taylor Swift and Amy Winehouse. “I felt like a lot of expectations had grown up around me that had not much to do with me,” Feist said. “My goal was to just very carefully descend the ladder with dignity, and go back to the altitude that I can breathe at. ” Still, surrounding “Metals,” “I was much too aware of the external side of things,” a distraction she was finally able to shake for “Pleasure,” she said. Having “accidentally achieved autonomy,” with consistent sales and touring revenue, “I actually finished making this album before we told the label that we’d made it. ” This release will also coincide with a return to an earlier chapter in Feist’s career: playing with the Canadian supergroup Broken Social Scene, which has a new album planned for summer. “My only caveat going in was I want to actually contribute  —   I can’t commit if I’m just singing oohs and aahs,” said Feist, who wrote one song for the project and contributed to about six others. “I don’t even know if I was a part of the last couple of records  —   I can’t actually remember. Certainly I didn’t bring myself to the table like I just did for this song. ” Kevin Drew, the group’s de facto leader and one of Feist’s closest friends (as well as an ex) said: “She penned something stunning. Creatively, it couldn’t have gone any better. ” Mr. Drew also recalled sitting in Feist’s rehearsal space as she worked on her own album. “I see the struggle of honesty,” he said. “There’s no hiding. ” It was laying her emotions so bare that allowed Feist some perspective on them. Climbing rocks in Central Park, she recalled the “shanty hut” on a raw Canadian island where she spends weeks during the summer, isolated and without electricity. “Being on that island, I found really concrete poetry,” Feist said, comparing her moods to the storms that passed over the exposed landscape. “I could see it coming, I would experience it, and then it would be gone. ”",0
6242,"Syrian President Bashar al-Assad, welcomes the Prime Minister and Internal Trade and Consumer Protection Minister","Email 

During a meeting with governors, Syrian President Bashar al-Assad, emphasized that, the job of a governor is not limited to the governmental representation in the province, but it is also important that the citizens feel that the Governor is their representative in the government. This is an opportunity for deeper and greater cooperation between governors, citizens and local councils. 
He also noted the importance of Law enforcement for all, justly and similar. It is an issue, that requires more research, to uncover corruption in the offices first, and then to fight with it. It also requires exclusion for personal usage of public funds in governmental institutions, creating a cooperation system between public and private institutions and protection of customer rights by removing price fluctuations. 
The President also stated the need for a great attention to the affairs of the families of martyrs and war veterans is to repay at least a small part of the sacrifices that they made for Syria. He also announced that Syria will continue the fight against terrorism.",0
6243,7 Great Conservative Films Everyone Should Own,"Selecting a quality film to watch these days often feels like an exhausting enterprise, particularly for conservatives or those trying to find something suitable for a family movie night. [These days, Hollywood seemingly revels in putting out films that bask in their own celebration of immorality and “progressive” ideology and even when a film seems appropriate, or even features positive messaging, there’s a good chance that many of the actors in it have used their elevated visibility to rail against many of the values and beliefs that conservatives hold dear.  A brief glance at the recent Academy Awards confirms that the Hollywood “industry” is a mess even when the Oscars get the Best Picture winner right, many of the stars in attendance literally wear their support for   organizations like Planned Parenthood and the American Civil Liberties Union on their sleeves. Thankfully, the modern miracle of the VHS tape, the DVD, and later, the   disc, have mitigated the need for a trip to the theater but even now, it can be difficult to decide which films best align with our conservative values. With that said, here are seven timeless film classics that resonate with positive messages that affirm the virtues that made America great  —   and can be watched any time to avoid   of Girls. (Note: Not all of these films are suitable for children. Also, the films are listed in no particular order.)   1.   (1959) William Wyler’s 1959 masterpiece won a staggering 11 Academy Awards including Best Picture, Best Director, Best Cinematography, Best Special Effects and Best Actor for leading man Charlton Heston. Don’t let the      runtime discourage you Heston is masterful as Judah   the Jewish prince who is sold into slavery and seeks revenge in this adaptation of Lew Wallace’s 1880 novel  : A Tale of the Christ. With a $15 million budget,   was the most expensive film ever made at the time of its production, and to this day features one of the most stunningly shot and elaborately choreographed race sequences in the history of cinema. The film was remade for a third time (Cecil B. DeMille’s 1925 silent film was the first) in 2016 with Jack Huston and Toby Kebbell in the leading roles, but fared poorly at the box office. Simply put, this story will never be put to film as spectacularly as it was in 1959. Wyler’s   makes our list not only because it is a deeply moving religious masterpiece based on a famous Christian novel, but also because this 1959 film was a subtle affirmation of the newly created state of Israel. Among the film’s powerful themes was Judah  ’s belief in a sovereign nation for the Jewish people. He famously tells his nemesis Messala, “I believe in the past of my people, and in their future. ” Messala taunts him by calling the Jews a “conquered people,” saying, “The glory of Solomon is gone! Do you think it will return? Joshua will not rise again to save you, nor David!” But Judah’s response confidently predicts the ultimate victory of his   people: “You may conquer the land. You may slaughter the people. But that is not the end. We will rise again!” Later, during the film’s famous chariot race, Judah proudly wears a Star of David medal pinned to his chest and wraps himself in a blue cloak like the color of the Israeli flag. The film’s sympathetic treatment of Jewish history reminds modern audiences that Israel has been the rightful home of the Jewish people since ancient times. And today   is also a poignant reminder that once upon a time, Hollywood was unabashedly  .  —   D. N. 2. Braveheart (1995) Mel Gibson pulled double duty in his 1995 magnum opus Braveheart, both directing and starring in the     war epic, for which he earned a Best Director Oscar and Best Picture. Gibson plays 13th century Scottish freedom fighter William Wallace, who leads an army against England’s King Edward I in the Scottish War of Independence. The film was criticized for being historically inaccurate, but that’s almost beside the point it features both some of the most intense war sequences ever filmed, and some of the best meditations on freedom ever uttered by a movie character. “Fight and you may die run, and you’ll live  …     at least a while. And dying in your beds many years from now, would you be willing to trade all the days, from this day to that, for one chance  —   just one chance  —   to come back here and tell our enemies that they may take our lives, but they’ll never take our freedom!” Good stuff. But keep the kids away from this one.  —   D. N. 3. Rocky (1976) Sylvester Stallone wrote the script and starred in this 1976 classic that captured the imagination of a generation and snagged three Academy awards, including Best Picture. Stallone is   boxer Rocky Balboa, a   southpaw who bobs and weaves his way through the grime and grit of his native Philadelphia. While the film’s plot is loosely based on boxer Chuck Wepner’s grueling bout with Muhammad Ali  the character of Rocky is inspired by boxing legend Rocky Marciano. Called up to play the patsy punching bag in an exhibition bout with heavyweight champion Apollo Creed, Balboa seizes the opportunity of a lifetime. In the process, he also finds the love of his life  —   a shy woman who, like Balboa, is a diamond in the rough. The film is a timeless character study on what it means to be a man and to “go the distance” against seemingly impossible odds and despite one’s fears. Ironically, “Rocky”   its weight class at the box office. The John G.   film was made on a budget of about $1 million, but went on to become the   movie of the year, grossing an astounding $117 million. That is thanks, in part, to an incredible cast of actors, including Talia Shire, Burt Young, Carl Weathers, and Burgess Meredith.  —   J. H. 4. Glory (1989) This 1989 American Civil War epic tells the true story of the 54th Massachusetts Volunteer Infantry Regiment, one of the first official black fighting units in the Union Army. The film follows the regiment’s formation under the leadership of Union Colonel Robert Gould Shaw, the son of prominent Boston abolitionists, and ends with the 54th’s valiant charge at the Second Battle of Fort Wagner. Directed by Ed Zwick, the film depicts the struggles and indignities faced by the black regiment as they fight for the right to wear the blue uniform into battle for their own freedom. In the process, Glory explores what it means to be a free man and to carry oneself with dignity and courage. Kevin Jarre’s intensely emotional screenplay, based on Lincoln Kirstein’s Lay This Laurel and Peter Burchard’s One Gallant Rush, as well as Colonel Shaw’s letters, is commanded by a colorful cast of   talent, including Cary Elwes, Morgan Freeman, and Matthew Broderick as Colonel Shaw. The film saw Denzel Washington win his first Academy Award for Best Supporting Actor. Rooted in the characters’ commitment to overcome the brutality of battle and their own personal demons, Glory was one of the first films to bravely and honestly portray the horrors and heroes of the Civil War.  —   J. H. 5. Rudy (1993) Sean Astin shines in this 1993   film  —   based on a true story  —   about a small man with an outsized desire to achieve his goal of playing football at the University of Notre Dame. Rudy follows Daniel “Rudy” Ruettiger’s journey from his small steel mill town to sports legend. Born far from brilliant, Rudy attends a junior college close to Notre Dame, takes a minimum wage job, and undergoes extensive tutoring to overcome his dyslexia. A true tribute to the power of an unbreakable will, Rudy stops at nothing to make the Notre Dame football team. And when he finally gets his chance, he doesn’t waste it. Rudy is ranked 54th on the American Film Institute’s “Most Inspiring Films of All Time” list. The film is perhaps the quintessential underdog story that reinforces the virtues of hard work and determination in achieving one’s goals.  —   J. H. 6. Juno (2007) This small independent film starring Ellen Page, Michael Cera and Jennifer Garner caught Hollywood by surprise in 2007, turning a $7. 5 million production budget into $231 million in global box office receipts and four Oscar nominations, including for Best Picture (it won one, Best Original Screenplay for Diablo Cody). Page plays Juno MacGuff, a    high school sophomore forced to make a tough decision when she discovers she’s pregnant after a seemingly harmless sexual encounter with a friend. The film could have ended very quickly (and tragically) with a trip to Planned Parenthood but Cody’s script deftly balances Juno’s internal emotional conflicts with the gentle humor of life’s most challenging and often unplanned surprises the result is one of the only mainstream,   hit films ever made.  —   D. N. 7. Groundhog Day (1993) Harold Ramis and Bill Murray’s 1993 comedy masterpiece may not seem like a “conservative” movie at first glance. But Phil Connors’s unending nightmare in the town of Punxsutawney, Pennsylvania  —   in which he is forced to   the same day, February 2, over and over and over again  —   is actually a profound story about the things that matter most to us as human beings. As a sort of karmic morality tale, Murray’s arrogant and shallow character is forced to relive the same day until he finally becomes a better man  —   and even wins the affections of his     played by Andie MacDowell. In an excellent column at National Review, Jonah Goldberg calls the film “the best cinematic moral allegory popular culture has produced in decades  —   perhaps ever. ” It’s also uproariously funny: “This is one time where television really fails to capture the true excitement of a large squirrel predicting the weather. ” Well, maybe you have to see it. Danny Rubin and Ramis won a BAFTA Award for their screenplay, and Groundhog Day was selected for preservation in the National Film Registry in 2007.  —   D. N.     Follow Daniel Nussbaum on Twitter: @dznussbaum, Follow Jerome Hudson on Twitter: @JeromeEHudson",0
6244,NYT Mag: Facebook’s ‘Building Global Community’ Manifesto ‘Bound to Be Considered Partisan’,"Even the New York Times Magazine, a liberal outlet, is convinced that Facebook’s new manifesto  —   influenced by none other than former president Barack Obama  —   will be considered politically partisan. [The NYT Magazine notes in its story “Can Facebook Fix Its Own Worst Bug?” that changes Facebook is looking to make, especially to its News Feed, “are bound to be considered partisan. ”  But if the company pursues the admittedly airy aims outlined in “Building Global Community,” the changes will echo across media and politics, and some are bound to be considered partisan. The risks are especially clear for changes aimed at adding layers of journalistic ethics across News Feed, which could transform the public’s perception of Facebook, not to mention shake the foundations of its business. According to NYT Magazine, Zuckerberg was “dismayed” that the planned changes might be seen as an attack on President Donal Trump and took the opportunity to “shoot down” rumors that the Facebook CEO plans to run against the President in 2020. At the time of our second interview, the manifesto was still only a draft, and I was surprised by how unsure Zuckerberg seemed about it in person. He had almost as many questions for us  —   about whether we understood what he was trying to say, how we thought it would land in the media  —   as we had for him. When I suggested that it might be perceived as an attack on Trump, he looked dismayed. He noted several times that he had been noodling over these ideas since long before November. A few weeks earlier, there was media speculation, fueled by a postelection tour of America by Zuckerberg and his wife, that he was laying the groundwork to run against Trump in 2020, and in this meeting he took pains to shoot down the rumors. Nevertheless, as NYT Magazine points out, pressure to change Facebook’s algorithms and tackle “fake news” came about as a direct response to the election of Trump and the popularity of Breitbart News’ election coverage on the social media platform. After studying how people shared 1. 25 million stories during the campaign, a team of researchers at M. I. T. and Harvard implicated Facebook and Twitter in the larger failure of media in 2016. The researchers found that social media created a right wing echo chamber: a “media network anchored around Breitbart developed as a distinct and insulated media system, using social media as a backbone to transmit a hyperpartisan perspective to the world. ” The findings partially echoed a long held worry about social news: that people would use sites like Facebook to cocoon themselves into self reinforcing bubbles of confirmatory ideas, to the detriment of civility and a shared factual basis from which to make collective, democratic decisions. A week and a half after the election, President Obama bemoaned “an age where there’s so much active misinformation and it’s packaged very well and it looks the same when you see it on a Facebook page or you turn on your television. ” Read the full piece at the New York Times website. You can follow Allum Bokhari on Twitter and add him on Facebook. Email tips and suggestions to abokhari@breitbart. com.",0
6245,Chuck Lorre Calls on Julian Assange to Hack Trump,"Television writer and executive producer Chuck Lorre has asked WikiLeaks founder Julian Assange to “get to work” and hack Donald Trump. [“You promised to use the Internet to expose and bring down all the corrupt bastards ruining our world, and boy did you almost follow through,” Lorre wrote in one of his infamous vanity cards, which are his trademark messages that appear   at the end of nearly every episode of his various productions.  “The job’s only   done! You need to show us you’re not just another gun for hire and hose down the other mosh pit. You know what I’m talking about,” read Lorre’s message to Assange, which appeared at the end of Thursday’s episode of the CBS comedy drama Mom. “The tax returns, the   maybe even some     beauty pageant video action. Time to step up,  . ” Assange’s WikiLeaks published thousands of Hillary Clinton campaign chairman John Podesta’s emails during the campaign. Lorre’s missive came on the heels of a news reports on a memo alleging that there was communication between Trump’s presidential campaign and Russian officials. Numerous allegation in the report, dubbed “fake news” by   Trump earlier this week, have since been found false. The Big Bang Theory creator, who attended a   fundraising dinner for Hillary Clinton in Los Angeles in July, also used a vanity card to react to Trump’s victory of Clinton. “” read the vanity card that appeared on both Big Bang Theory and Mom just two days after the election. In his latest salvo, Lorre asks Assange to become a “hero” and hack Trump. “It’s time to go all Talking Heads on this situation,” Lorre wrote. “Burning down the house, bubelah! You’re one   away from being a hero. Or maybe a martyr. Ecuadorean potato soup, Ecuadorean puhtahto soup, they’re usually the same thing. ”   Follow Jerome Hudson on Twitter @jeromeehudson",0
6246,"FBI Investigators ""99% sure"" Foreign Entities Hacked Clinton's Server","Election WASHINGTON, DC - MARCH 23: Former U.S. Secretary of State Hillary Clinton speaks at the Center for American Progress March 23, 2015 in Washington, DC. Clinton joined a panel in discussing challenges facing urban centers in the United States. (Photo by Win McNamee/Getty Images) FBI Investigators “99% Sure” 5 Foreign Intelligence Agencies Hacked Clinton’s Private Server Shane Ashton November 2, 2016 FBI Investigators “99% sure” 5 Foreign Intelligence Agencies Hacked Clinton’s Private Server. Hillary Clinton has a lot of explaining to do! As reported by Lou Dobbs on Fox News: 
Breaking new developments tonight in the FBI investigation. Investigators are now, as I said to you at the outset, 99% sure that as many as five foreign intelligence agencies, were able to hack into the Clinton email server and did put national security in jeopardy. That according to FBI sources. A direct contradiction, of course, of president Obama’s assertion to CBS News just last October. 
Previous reporting from FBI Director James Comey in his July 5 press conference concluded that there was no evidence that any foreign enemies had gained access to the server. 
Perhaps the newly discovered laptop owned by former Congressman Anthony Weiner and top Hillary Clinton aide Huma Abedin contained new information that shows that foreign actors did indeed gain access to the server. 
Republicans were dismayed at the original decision to not charge Secretary Clinton, arguing that just the mere presence of a private server put national security at risk. Director Comey argued that there was no evidence of intent to unknowingly share classified information. However, 18 U.S. Code § 798 – Disclosure of classified information states: 
Whoever knowingly and willfully communicates, furnishes, transmits, or otherwise makes available to an unauthorized person, or publishes, or uses in any manner prejudicial to the safety or interest of the United States or for the benefit of any foreign government to the detriment of the United States any classified information […] Shall be fined under this title or imprisoned not more than ten years, or both. 
This statute could be argued that intent is not necessary for prosecution, merely the making available of classified information is grounds for prosecution. 
These new developments will be another boon to an already horrible week for the Clinton camp, as the new FBI investigation has led to the tightening of polls. 
REGATED will cover the latest developments as they come along. The following two tabs change content below. Latest Posts Shane Ashton Shane Ashton is a writer for REGATED, interested in political theory, conservatism, and all things Boston. He is consistently seen at Fenway Park and has been known to sleep outside for World Series tickets. You can follow him on Twitter @ShaneRegated Latest posts by Shane Ashton ( see all ) ",0
6247,"Charlotte, U.S. Presidential Race, Syria: Your Wednesday Evening Briefing - The New York Times","(Want to get this briefing by email? Here’s the  .) Good evening. Here’s the latest. 1. A second night of protests over a police shooting turned violent in Charlotte, N. C. Gunfire at a demonstration left one man critically injured on life support and prompted law enforcement authorities to fire tear gas on the crowd. The episode that set off the protests was the killing of a black man, Keith Scott. He was the third African American fatally shot by police officers in a week. _____ 2. Secretary of State John Kerry tried to save a “shattered”   in Syria, two days after a lethal airstrike destroyed much of an aid convoy destined for Aleppo. He expressed frustration with Russia, which the U. S. holds accountable for the strike, and bluntly lashed out at the Syrian government. “How can people go sit at a table with a regime that bombs hospitals and drops chlorine gas again and again and again and again and again and again?” he said at a meeting of the U. N. Security Council. _____ 3.  A notebook  kept by the suspect in the weekend bombings in Manhattan and New Jersey includes a list of international terrorist leaders, suggesting that he was inspired by both Al Qaeda and the Islamic State. Above, an image from a Homeland Security video. And investigators are hunting for two men who happened upon a second bomb left in Chelsea on Saturday  —   and who walked off with the bag it was in, leaving the wrapped bomb behind. Some law enforcement officials said their jostling might have disabled the bomb, averting greater carnage. _____ 4. Only now is it becoming clear how seriously European terrorism investigations were damaged by a deliberately set fire at Belgium’s main forensic storehouse last month. The fire  —   set by three people who simply cut through a perimeter fence in the middle of the night  —   destroyed thousands of pieces of evidence critical to the prosecution of some suspects in the Paris and Brussels attacks, along with hundreds of other criminal and terrorism cases. _____ 5. In the presidential race, Hillary Clinton outlined both a plan to fight poverty (create   jobs and affordable housing) and her vision of an “inclusive economy” that expands job options for Americans with disabilities. The unspoken undercurrent of that second plan: one of Donald Trump most unpopular moments, when he mocked a Times reporter who has a physical disability. _____ 6. Mr. Trump had a couple of stumbles in his attempts to raise his historically low support from   voters. He urged a nationwide    effort, saying the practice had worked well in New York. In fact, it was deeply controversial in New York and has been halted. And Mr. Trump’s appearance at a meeting of black pastors in Ohio suffered when Don King, the boxing promoter, shifted from “Negro” to a racial epithet in his introduction. _____ 7. “What once seemed impossible now appears inevitable. ” That was the U. N. secretary general, Ban   announcing that the Paris climate agreement would almost certainly go into legal force this year after a remarkably rapid collection of commitments from signatory nations. Here is our full coverage of the United Nations General Assembly. _____ 8. Mark Zuckerberg and his wife, Dr. Priscilla Chan, set a high bar for philanthropy last year when they pledged to give 99 percent of their Facebook shares to charity. Their first major science initiative is, to say the least, ambitious. They are dedicating $3 billion to prevent, cure or manage all diseases by the end of the century. _____ 9. What do Basques, African pygmies, Sherpas and Cree Indians share? Apparently  —   along with the rest of us  —   origins in a single population that emerged from Africa between 50, 000 and 80, 000 years ago. Three teams of researchers who analyzed genomes from around the world have solved one of the most important mysteries of human history. “We know there were multiple dispersals out of Africa, but we can trace our ancestry back to a single one,” a genome expert said. _____ 10. There were also revelations from sometime around the first century A. D. Experts using a new computer imaging program were able to virtually unwrap a burned, fragile ancient scroll, revealing the earliest known example of the authoritative text of the Hebrew Bible. “We have never found something as striking as this,” an expert on the Dead Sea scrolls said. Above, a composite of the scroll. _____ 11. Whether Deflategate rises in importance to the level of history may be debated by New England Patriots fans. But rigorous science applies there, too. Researchers whose work led to Tom Brady’s   suspension are finally talking about their careful tests and retests. “We knew this was going to get a lot of scrutiny, from your   science classes to your physics professors,” one said. In the end, they failed to turn up any plausible reason outside of tampering for why the Patriots’ game balls were underinflated in a crucial game in January 2015. _____ 12. Finally, what are Finnish postal workers encouraged to do for patrons besides delivering mail: mow the lawn, tutor basic math and reading, share other patrons’ magazine or play charades? The question is not out of the blue  —   it’s from our international desk’s quiz in honor of its 100th What in the World feature. (The answer is “mow the lawn,” so you’re already one up!) _____ Your Evening Briefing is posted at 6 p. m. Eastern. And don’t miss Your Morning Briefing, posted weekdays at 6 a. m. Eastern, and Your Weekend Briefing, posted at 6 a. m. Sundays. Want to look back? Here’s last night’s briefing. What did you like? What do you want to see here? Let us know at briefing@nytimes. com.",0
6248,2017 Has Seen a Terror Attack Attempted in Europe Every 9 Days,"Europe, the United Kingdom, and Russia have witnessed terror attacks or attempted attacks every nine days in 2017 on average, analysis of security incidents has revealed. [Since January, around 52 people have been killed by mostly Islamic terrorists, while almost 250 have been injured. The only known incident not linked to jihadism in 2017 was the attack on the Borussia Dortmund soccer team by a   national attempting to profit from   stock in the company.  Attacks and attempted attacks have taken place in Austria, France, the United Kingdom, Belgium, Italy, Russia, Sweden, Norway, and Germany. Security services in Britain  —   population 65 million  —   believe there to be around 23, 000 potential terror suspects or persons posing a threat. Meanwhile Belgium, with its population of just 12 million, is officially tracking around 18, 000 potential jihadists, though this number has not been updated in some time. A further minimum of 14 terror attacks have occurred in Turkey in 2017, a NATO member country currently being considered for European Union membership. Note: This post has been updated to reflect the London Bridge attack as well as the attempted Notre Dame hammer attack. Details:",0
6249,Must Watch: When People Laughed At Donald Trump And Anyone Who Said He Would Win,"Who’s laughing now?

( Watch at Youtube )
And for some good comedy from Chris Rock and Dave Chappelle On Saturday Night Live’s Election Nigh wrap-up:
",0
6250,Veterans to Serve as ‘Human Shields’ for Dakota Pipeline Protesters - The New York Times,"As many as 2, 000 veterans planned to gather next week at the Standing Rock Sioux Reservation in North Dakota to serve as “human shields” for protesters who have for months clashed with the police over the construction of an oil pipeline, organizers said. The effort, called Veterans Stand for Standing Rock, is planned as a nonviolent intervention to defend the demonstrators from what the group calls “assault and intimidation at the hands of the militarized police force. ” The veterans’ plan coincides with an announcement on Tuesday by law enforcement officials that they may begin imposing fines to block supplies from entering the main protest camp after a mandatory evacuation order from the governor. Officials had warned earlier of a physical blockade, but the governor’s office later backed away from that, Reuters said. Protesters have vowed to stay put. Opponents of the   Dakota Access Pipeline have gathered for months at the Oceti Sakowin camp, about 40 miles south of Bismarck. The Standing Rock Sioux and other Native American tribes fear the pipeline could pollute the Missouri River and harm sacred cultural lands and tribal burial grounds. The evacuation order issued on Monday by Gov. Jack Dalrymple cited “anticipated harsh weather conditions. ” It came before a winter storm dumped about six inches of snow and brought strong winds to the area on Monday, making roads “roads nearly impassable at the camp sites,” according to Doualy Xaykaothao of Minnesota Public Radio, who was cited by NPR. The governor’s statement said, “Any person who chooses to enter,   or stay in the evacuation does so at their own risk. ” The order was effective immediately and was to remain in place indefinitely. The veterans’ effort will also run up against a plan by the Army Corps of Engineers to close off access to the protesters’ campsite and create a “free speech zone. ” Federal officials said anyone found on the land after Dec. 5 could be charged with trespassing. “Yeah, good luck with that,” Michael A. Wood Jr. a founder of the veterans’ event, said in an interview. Mr. Wood, who served in the Marine Corps, organized the event with Wesley Clark Jr. a screenwriter, activist and son of Wesley K. Clark, the retired Army general and onetime supreme allied commander in Europe for NATO. Mr. Wood said he had initially hoped to attract about 500 veterans he had to stop   when they reached 2, 000. He said volunteers are from diverse backgrounds: “We have every age, we have every war. ” An online   has drawn over $570, 000 in pledges as of Tuesday afternoon to pay for food, transportation and supplies for the veterans’ “muster,” which was planned for Dec.  . One veteran, Loreal Black Shawl, said the mission to support the protesters was intensely personal. Ms. Black Shawl, 39, of Rio Rancho, N. M. is a descendant of two Native American tribes, the Oglala Lakota and Northern Arapaho. She served in the Army for nearly eight years, finishing her career as a sergeant. “O. K. are you going to treat us veterans who have served our country in the same way as you have those water protectors?” Ms. Black Shawl said, referring to the protesters. “We’re not there to create chaos. We are there because we are tired of seeing the water protectors being treated as  . ” The authorities have used rubber bullets, pepper spray and water cannons against demonstrators, hundreds of whom have been injured, according to protest organizers. The clashes have been highly contentious, with the police and demonstrators leveling accusations of violence at each other. Some protesters filed a   lawsuit on Monday against the Morton County police and others, alleging excessive use of force and seeking a court injunction to prevent the authorities from using rubber bullets, explosive grenades and water cannons, according to The Atlantic. One woman was injured and in danger of losing her arm after an explosion at the protest site this month. By spotlighting issues such as the use of force by the police, national energy policies and the treatment of Native Americans, the protests have garnered national headlines and widespread attention on social media. Ms. Black Shawl acknowledged that the operation could prove problematic because the veterans and the police both have military or tactical training. She said she had a “huge, huge nervousness and anxiety” about possibly being injured and what could happen to other veterans. An “operations order” for participants outlined the logistics with military precision and language, referring to opposing forces, friendly forces and supporting units. Organizers encouraged attendees to wear their old uniforms. Mr. Wood said they were discouraging   service members from attending. “There’s no reason for them to get into hot water,” he said. In a break from military custom, the gathering will have a “chain of responsibility” instead of a chain of command, he said. There are no ranks, and participants will refer to one another by their given names. Mr. Wood said the early stages of the event will be logistical: setting up tents and organizing food supplies. The first arrivals are expected on Wednesday. The premise is for the veterans to be fully   he said. “There will be civilian and tribe members watching us from behind but nobody supporting us,” the operations order said. “We are the cavalry. ” A spokesman for the North Dakota State Highway Patrol, Lt. Thomas O. Iverson, said in an email on Monday, “Law enforcement is aware of the upcoming event planned for December  . ” He added, “If the group remains lawful and refrains from blocking the roadway, there will be no issues. ” Some officials expressed the hope that the demonstrators would move on. “The   and property of ranchers, farmers and everyone else living in the region should not be threatened by protesters who are willing to commit acts of violence,” Senator John Hoeven, a Republican, said in a statement on Friday, The Associated Press reported. The chairman of the Standing Rock Sioux Tribe, Dave Archambault II, said in an email that he had no concerns that tensions could escalate. “Everyone that comes knows our intent  —   to remain in peace and prayer,” he said.",0
6251,Hillary's High Crimes & Misdemeanors,"  
If Hillary Clinton is elected president on Tuesday, and if what Bret Baier is reporting from FBI sources on Fox News is true, America is headed for a constitutional crisis. 
Indeed, it would seem imperative that FBI Director James Comey, even if it violates protocol and costs him his job, should state publicly whether what Baier’s FBI sources are telling him is false or true. 
The people have a right to know — before Tuesday. 
For, if true, Clinton could face charges in 2017 and impeachment and removal from office in 2018. 
According to Baier, FBI agents have found new emails, believed to have originated on Clinton’s server, on the computer jointly used by close aide Huma Abedin and her disgraced husband, Anthony Weiner. 
Abedin’s failure to turn this computer over to the State Department on leaving State appears to be a violation of U.S. law. 
Moreover, the laptops of close Clinton aides Cheryl Mills and Heather Samuelson, thought destroyed by the FBI, were apparently retained and are “being exploited” by the National Security division. 
And here is the salient point. His FBI sources told Baier, “with 99 percent” certitude, that Clinton’s Chappaqua server “had been hacked by at least five foreign intelligence services…” 
If this is so, Hillary Clinton as security risk ranks right up there with Alger Hiss and Harry Dexter White, though they acted out of treasonous ideology and she out of Clintonian hubris. What do these foreign intelligence agencies know about Clinton that the voters do not? 
The second revelation from Baier is that the Clinton Foundation has been under active investigation by the white-collar crime division of the FBI for a year and is a “very high priority.” 
Specifically, the FBI is looking into published allegations of “pay-to-play.” This is the charge that the Clinton State Department traded access, influence and policy decisions to foreign regimes and to big donors who gave hundreds of millions to the Clinton Foundation, along with 15 years of six-figure speaking fees for Bill and Hillary. 
According to Baier’s sources, FBI agents are “actively and aggressively” pursuing this case, have interviewed and re-interviewed multiple persons, and are now being inundated in an “avalanche of new information” from WikiLeaks documents and new emails. 
The FBI told Baier that they anticipate indictments. 
Indeed, with the sums involved, and the intimate ties between high officials of Bill’s foundation, and Hillary and her close aides at State, it strains credulity to believe that deals were not discussed and cut. 
Books have been written alleging and detailing them. 
Also, not only Fox News but also The Wall Street Journal and other news sources are reporting on what appears a rebellion inside the FBI against strictures on their investigations imposed by higher ups in the Department of Justice of Attorney General Loretta Lynch. 
Director Comey has come under fire from left and right — first for refusing to recommend the prosecution of Clinton, then for last week’s statement about the discovery of new and “pertinent” emails on the Abedin-Weiner computer — but retains a reputation for integrity. 
And he knows better than any other high official the answer to a critical question that needs answering before Tuesday: Has Baier been fed exaggerated or false information by FBI agents hostile to Clinton? 
Or has Baier been told the truth? 
In the latter case, we are facing a constitutional crisis if Clinton is elected. And the American people surely have a right to know that before they go to the polls on Tuesday. 
What is predictable ahead? 
Attorney General Lynch, whether she stays or goes, will be hauled before Congress to explain whether she or top aides impeded the FBI investigations of the Clinton scandals. And witnesses from within her Justice department and FBI will also be called to testify. 
Moreover, Senate Republicans would block confirmation of any new attorney general who did not first promise to appoint a special prosecutor to investigate the email and pay-to-play scandals, and any pressure from Lynch’s Justice Department on the FBI. 
Even Democrats would concede that a Department of Justice, staffed by Hillary Clinton appointees, could not credibly be entrusted with investigating alleged high crimes and misdemeanors by former Secretary of State Clinton and confidants like Abedin and Mills. 
An independent counsel, a special prosecutor, appears inevitable. 
And such individuals usually mark their success or failure by how many and how high are the indictments and convictions they rack up. 
However, these processes proceed at a torpid pace. 
First comes the setting up of the office and the hirings, then the investigations, then the grand jury appearances, then the indictments, then the prosecutions, then the horse-trading for the testimony of the accused and the convicted in return for immunity or leniency. 
Steadily, it moves up the food chain. And when a head of state is involved, it is a process deeply debilitating to the nation. 
We have gone through this before, twice. 
Do we really want to go through it again? 
Patrick J. Buchanan is the author of the new book “The Greatest Comeback: How Richard Nixon Rose From Defeat to Create the New Majority.” 
Copyright 2016 Creators.com.",0
6252,"Word Via Ned Dougherty Nov 1, 2016","By wmw_admin on November 5, 2016 End Times Daily — Nov 1, 2016 St. Rosalie’s Parish Eucharistic Chapel, Hampton Bays, NY Our Lady of Light My dear son, On this very important feast day in the Church of My Son Jesus, the Redeemer of the world, I come to you with greetings from not only your Heavenly Mother, but also from your brothers and sisters, who are now united with us in the Eternal Kingdom of the Father in Heaven. You must know that your brothers and sisters are particularly saddened by the events that are taking place in your world, but your brothers and sisters in Heaven know resolutely that all will be fulfilled in the end according to the Word of the Father in Heaven. But your brothers and sisters know the challenges that you are going through in your world, particularly in the United States of America, where the evil one, the demon from hell, is currently waging his battle for the future of your country, and his minions are working overtime to keep the evil one in power and control over the rest of you. The challenge for you living here on Earth, not only in America, but throughout the world is to identify and defeat the minions of satan, who are stealthily going about their plans to create a draconian new world order to dominate and control the rest of you. Alas! Now the minions of satan are becoming exposed to the rest of you, as it has been ordained through the intervention of the Father in Heaven through His Son, the Redeemer of the world. In your governments, your institutions, your foundations, your places of higher learning, as well as through your commercial businesses and entities, and in your media and entertainment, you are seeing the work of the evil one stripped bare and the minions of the evil one fully exposed now. This dressing down of the minions of satan has been made necessary for the Father’s plans for mankind to be realized. However, the Father in Heaven and His Son, the Redeemer of the world, are relying on you, the sons and daughters of all that is good, to stand up to the challenge presented by those who are supporting all that is evil. Never before has it been so clear to you, who among your public figures have sworn their allegiance to the evil one, so it is imperative upon humanity in these times to remove these evilly motivated and controlled individuals from places of power and authority, for such is the will of your Father in Heaven. You have been given a unique opportunity in the history of mankind to reduce, nay to eliminate, all the evil in the world that comes from satan, but that is implemented and fueled by his minions. Do not avoid the truth at this point! Now is the time to remove the despots from their positions of power and authority and to replace them with those who can align themselves with the Heavenly Father and His Son to usher in a New Heaven and a New Earth, as opposed to the new world order of the evil one. So be it!",0
6253,NFL Wildcard Preview - Two National Anthem Kneelers Left Standing - Breitbart,"The NFL’s second season is here with the Wild Round Playoff Weekend upon us. [For you patriots out there, only two national anthem kneelers remain, Miami’s Michael Thomas and wide receiver Kenny Still. So if the Pittsburgh Steelers beat the Dolphins on Sunday, you won’t have to deal with this anymore.  Of the four games this weekend, the best one might be the last one, the New York Giants battling the Green Bay Packers at 4:40 PM on Sunday. Here is a breakdown of the Wildcard   . . . Oakland Raiders ( ) at Houston Texans ( ) Saturday, January 7, 4:35 PM on ESPN NRG Stadium, Houston, Texas, With their top two quarterbacks (Derek Carr and Matt McGloin) injured, the Raiders have to start   rookie Connor Cook. Watch Cook for great theater in his first ever NFL start. Nobody really knows what to expect. He certainly looks the part at   230 with a rocket arm, and is used to playing in   situations as a   starter for Michigan State in the Big Ten Conference. Playing road games at places like Ohio State, Michigan and Penn State has certainly thickened his skin. And the Raiders don’t have the only intriguing QB situation entering this game. The Texans will start Brock Osweiler, who they signed to   last   but then benched late in the regular season due to ineffectiveness. Now he’s back in the saddle after his replacement, Tom Savage, got concussed in Week 17. Perhaps Osweiler put too much pressure on himself trying to live up to his   $72 million contract, so this time around, he’s just going to enjoy himself. “I told myself, ‘If you get an opportunity to go back in, just go have fun,’” Osweiler said “Get back to the joy of football. Get back to what drew you into this sport at such a young age.’ I think when you’re able to play for the fun of the game, for the love of the game, passion comes with that. ” Anybody who thinks they can pick this game is nuts. Nobody knows what to expect from either quarterback. So this game has to be considered a  . Detroit Lions ( ) at Seattle Seahawks (  ) Saturday, January 7, 8:15 PM on NBC CenturyLink Field, Seattle, Washington, The Lions enter the playoffs losers of three straight. The Seahawks have proved wildly inconsistent, and their vaunted defense certainly misses superstar safety Earl Thomas. Before his season ended in Week 13 with a broken leg, Seattle was giving up 15. 6 points per game. In the games that followed the injury, they’re yielding 24. 5. And facing Lions   QB Matt Stafford will be no easy chore for the   secondary. The Lions also have secondary issues, coming off a torching at the hands of Green Bay QB Aaron Rodgers. In early December, Deroit lost slot cornerback Quadre Diggs, and last week they lost his replacement Asa Jackson, so expect Seahawks QB Russell Wilson to target whoever is playing nickel back for Detroit. The Seahawks, with perhaps the loudest NFL stadium, are   at home this season, and should make that  . Miami Dolphins ( ) at Pittsburgh Steelers ( ) Sunday, January 8, 1:05 PM on CBS Heinz Field, Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania, In Week Six, the Dolphins beat the Steelers  . Steelers QB Ben Roethlisberger hurt his knee and had to leave the game for a stretch, so that certainly hurt Pittsburgh a great deal. But “Big Ben’s” injury had nothing to do with the Steelers’ run defense that day, which surrendered 204 yards to British tailback Jay Ajayi. While the Steelers defense has improved since then, Ajayi could still be a problem for them. First of all, standout Steelers defensive end Cam Heyward is on injured reserve, and his replacement, Ricardo Mathews, is sidelined with ankle injury. Combine the Steelers   issues with Miami having one the NFL’s best offensive lines, Ajayi could be poised for another big day. But while the Dolphins should be able to run on Pittsburgh, what could lead to their downfall is their pass defense. Led by Roethlisberger, the Steelers finished the regular season as the NFL’s   passing attack, and the Dolphins have major secondary issues. They gave up six touchdown passes in the last two weeks, and will be without starting cornerback Byron Maxwell. Led by Roetlisberger, wide receiver Antonio Brown and their potent passing attack, the Steelers should win this game. New York Giants ( ) at Green Bay Packers ( ) Sunday, January 8, 4:40 PM on FOX Lambeau Field, Green Bay, Wisconsin, Packers QB Aaron Rodgers is coming off a remarkable season, tossing an   40 touchdowns to just seven interceptions. He is the NFL’s best QB at extending plays to create extra throwing time. “It’s almost like a second play during the play,” said Jets linebacker Jonathan Casillas. The Giants’ defense might be the best equipped in the NFL to deal with Rodgers, because they’re loaded at cornerback with Janoris Jenkins, Dominique   and Eli Apple, three   cover guys. Speaking of cornerbacks, the Packers are painfully thin at the position with starter Quinten Rollins out, and two other key corners on injured reserves, so Giants QB Eli Manning should be able to have success throwing at Lambeau Field. This should be a great game, but the Packers will probably win a close game since they’re at home, and Rodgers is playing much better than Manning right now.",0
6254,Nancy Pelosi: ’We Have a Right to Know What’s in Health Care Bill Before It Passes’ - Breitbart,"House Minority Leader Nancy Pelosi (D. ) sent a letter Tuesday to Speaker Paul Ryan (R. .) demanding to know the contents of his American Health Care Act, or RyanCare, before it passes the House —  a rich hark back to what she said when Congress was considering Obamacare seven years ago. [“We have to pass the bill so that you can find out what is in it,” is what Pelosi said March 9, 2010 to the National Association of Counties.  Tuesday, Pelosi wrote: “Members must not be asked to vote on this legislation before the CBO and the Joint Committee on Taxation have answered the following questions about your legislation in 2018 and 2019, over the   budget window, and in the decade after: How will this bill measure up to the Affordable Care Act and current Medicaid law on coverage, quality, and cost?  And how will it impact Medicare solvency?” Pelosi said Ryan should appreciate her concerns. “Mr. Speaker, as a former Chair of both the Committee on Ways and Means and the Budget, you understand the importance of having the numbers as well as anyone,” she wrote. “The American people and Members have a right to know the full impact of this legislation before any vote in Committee or by the whole House,” she wrote. “These are critical questions and I hope that Republicans will honor their responsibility to the American people both before the Committees vote and before the final bill goes to the House floor. ” What a difference seven years makes.",0
6255,Dr. Duke and Dr. MacDonald Call for Prosecution of Hillary for Treason,"David Duke October 29, 2016 
Today Dr. Duke and Professor Kevin MacDonald talked about the tide turning in Donald Trumpâs direction. In spite of the efforts by the Zio media to divert voter attention to Donald Trumpâs alleged problems with women, Hillaryâs treasonous crimes are increasingly difficult to hide. 
The fact is that Hillary should be prosecuted, not inaugurated. She has supported ISIS in its war against Syria its terrorism against America. She has sent paid thugs to disrupt Trumpâs political events. She has used her government positions to peddal influence. She really should be in prison. 
This is an extremely educating and enlightening show. Please share it widely.",0
6256,Feminist Leader Phyllis Chesler: Women Strike Movement Hates Israel,"TEL AVIV  —   Leaders of the International Women’s Strike have no idea about the meaning of feminism and have hijacked the movement to protest the “occupation of Palestine” and “Israeli apartheid” instead of speaking out against the “occupation of women’s bodies” and “Islam’s religious and gendered apartheid,”  a leading   feminist told Breitbart Jerusalem. [According to Dr. Phyllis Chesler, emerita professor of psychology at City University of New York and a bestselling author, following Israel’s 1967 defensive war, Palestinians replaced women as “the favored victims of the month” in liberal circles.  “Now, it was formerly colonized Arab men of color, symbolized by the Palestinians, that became an obsession,” she told Breitbart Jerusalem. Even feminists themselves, Chesler noted, were no “longer concerned with the occupation of women’s bodies worldwide, but rather with the alleged occupation of a country that had never existed: Palestine. ” Chesler, considered a second wave feminist leader, said her generation was focused on “the sexual objectification of women economic parity abortion rights and on all the violence that took place mainly against women: rape, incest, sexual harassment,   pornography, and prostitution. ” But then, “  and postmodernism swept the Western Academy,” she said. Indeed, organizers of Wednesday’s Women’s Strike published on their website that they “stand for an uncompromising   and   feminism” first and foremost the “decolonization of Palestine. ” As Chesler notes, women’s rights have been pushed out the picture in favor of a warped   view. “The West, including Israel, became the world’s worst colonialists. Israel, not Islam, was accused of practicing apartheid. In reality, Islam is the largest practitioner of both gender and religious apartheid, but Israel served as the scapegoat for all the crimes perpetrated by Muslims including slavery,   racism, conversion via the sword, persecution of   religious minorities, imperialism, colonialism  —   and the most barbaric abuse of women,” Chesler said. “Feminists and other Western academics and progressives simply do not want to know about Islam’s history or current nature. Those who critique Islam, however mildly, are accused of being racists and Islamophobes and may be sued or killed,” she added. Chesler said that feminists today should be focusing on combating “forced   forced child marriage, female genital mutilation, polygamy, and femicide, or honor killing. ” “Sadly, tragically, the feminists who are being funded by Soros the   feminists who proudly wore the hijab at the   march simply do not understand that girls and women are killed for refusing to wear the hijab,” she said. She praised Israel for having robust feminist and gay rights movements and mused that any activists hoping to spearhead similar movements in countries such as Saudi Arabia, Egypt, Iran, and Pakistan, would end up being “jailed, tortured, raped, and murdered, perhaps beheaded. ” Women like Rasmea Odeh and Linda Sarsour, the faces behind Wednesday’s women’s strike as well as January’s Women’s March, are not feminists, Chesler said. As Breitbart Jerusalem reported, Odeh, who together with other strike organizers are calling to “decolonize Palestine” and protest the “white supremacists in the current government,” is a convicted terrorist accused of bombing attacks in the late 1960s that killed two Israeli university students and injured nine more. In 1980, Odeh was freed from an Israeli jail as part of a prisoner exchange deal, and a decade later emigrated to the U. S. She recently made headlines again after being charged with immigration fraud for lying about her terrorist background when applying for U. S. citizenship. For her part, Linda Sarsour is an     activist who made headlines for becoming the lead plaintiff in the lawsuit against Trump’s executive order on immigration.",0
6257,McCain to Trump: Don`t You Dare Make Peace with Russia!,"Written by Daniel McAdams Tuesday November 15, 2016 Sit down. This is going to shock you. (Not). We reported yesterday on the telephone call between US president-elect Trump and Russian president Putin, where the current and future presidents discussed the need to set aside differences and look to more constructive future relations. With serious observers of this past year's increasing tensions between US and Russia openly worrying about a nuclear war breaking out, with some 300,000 NATO troops placed on Russia's border, with sanctions hurting average businesspersons on both sides, a normal person might look at the slight thaw in Cold War 2.0 as an early positive indicator of the end of the Obama Era.Sen. John McCain (R-AZ) begs to differ. In a blistering statement he released today responding to the Trump/Putin telephone call, Sen. McCain condemned any efforts by President-elect Trump to find common ground with Putin. Any claim by Putin that he wants to improve relations with the US must be vigorously opposed, writes McCain. He explains: We should place as much faith in such statements as any other made by a former KGB agent who has plunged his country into tyranny, murdered his political opponents, invaded his neighbors, threatened America’s allies, and attempted to undermine America’s elections. Interesting that Republican McCain has taken to using the Hillary Clinton campaign line (the one that lost her the election) that somehow the Russians were manipulating the US electoral process. The claim was never backed up by facts and Hillary's claim that some 17 US intelligence agencies agreed with her was shown to be a dangerous and foolish lie.Why is Putin not to be trusted, according to McCain? Vladimir Putin has rejoined Bashar Assad in his barbaric war against the Syrian people with the resumption of large-scale Russian air and missile strikes in Idlib and Homs. Another brutal assault on the city of Aleppo could soon follow. What McCain doesn't say is that unlike US troops in Syria, the Russians are invited by the Syrian government and operate according to international law. Oh yes, and they are also fighting al-Qaeda and ISIS, which has sought to overthrow Assad for the past five years.Maybe McCain is just really sensitive after meeting with al-Qaeda and ISIS in Syria?As rumors swirl from Washington about neocons sniffing out top jobs in the incoming administration, it would serve president-elect Trump well to reflect on he true nature of the neocon beast... Copyright © 2016 by RonPaul Institute. Permission to reprint in whole or in part is gladly granted, provided full credit and a live link are given.",0
6259,"Influential Journalist Nails It: Trump Will Be In Jail Soon, But A Clinton Win Means Stalemate Term","November 7, 2016 Influential Journalist Nails It: Trump Will Be In Jail Soon, But A Clinton Win Means Stalemate Term   
In an interview with The National , New Yorker journalist and New York Times best-selling author, Malcolm Gladwell, was asked by Wendy Mesley to predict what the next four years will look like after tomorrow’s votes are in. 
With understandable trepidation, the show’s host inquired what would happen if Trump wins, to which the English-born Canadian writer’s answer was simple: 
“I think he’ll be in jail within a year. We’ve got the Trump University fraud case, we probably have criminal charges coming out of his charitable donation. We’ve got all of the Russian ties we don’t know much about. He’s got so many legal problems, I suspect he’ll spend the next few years huddled with his lawyers.” 
So, what does Gladwell think will happen when Hillary is elected? 
“Republicans in Congress will start an investigation of her on day one, which will only end when she leaves office four years later. The forecast for the next four years is just stalemate. Their hatred will not be satiated by a Hillary Clinton victory, it will be enhanced. For twenty years they have been coming after this woman and they’re gonna keep coming after her.” Adding, “It will result in some kind of political paralysis for sure.” 
Gladwell does not paint a very inspiring picture of a Clinton win, for sure, but it is better than the alternative. We all know Trump belongs in jail, but he can’t be allowed to bring the entire nation down with him. In short, get your ass out and vote! 
Also, watch the full CBC interview where Gladwell discusses sexism, elitism, racism and the baffling media obsession with Hillary’s emails: 
Featured image via video screengrab Share this Article!",0
6260,Foundation Ties Bedevil Hillary Clinton’s Presidential Campaign - The New York Times,"The kingdom of Saudi Arabia donated more than $10 million. Through a foundation, so did the    of a former Ukrainian president whose government was widely criticized for corruption and the murder of journalists. A   developer with vast business interests contributed as much as $5 million. For years the Bill, Hillary and Chelsea Clinton Foundation thrived largely on the generosity of foreign donors and individuals who gave hundreds of millions of dollars to the global charity. But now, as Mrs. Clinton seeks the White House, the funding of the sprawling philanthropy has become an Achilles’ heel for her campaign and, if she is victorious, potentially her administration as well. With Mrs. Clinton facing accusations of favoritism toward Clinton Foundation donors during her time as secretary of state, former President Bill Clinton told foundation employees on Thursday that the organization would no longer accept foreign or corporate donations should Mrs. Clinton win in November. But while the move could avoid the awkwardness of Mr. Clinton jetting around the world asking for money while his wife is president, it did not resolve a more pressing question: how her administration would handle longtime donors seeking help from the United States, or whose interests might conflict with the country’s own. The Clinton Foundation has accepted tens of millions of dollars from countries that the State Department  —   before, during and after Mrs. Clinton’s time as secretary  —   criticized for their records on sex discrimination and other   issues. The countries include Saudi Arabia, the United Arab Emirates, Qatar, Kuwait, Oman, Brunei and Algeria. Saudi Arabia has been a particularly generous benefactor. The kingdom gave between $10 million and $25 million to the Clinton Foundation. (Donations are typically reported in broad ranges, not specific amounts.) At least $1 million more was donated by Friends of Saudi Arabia, which was   by a Saudi prince. Saudi Arabia also presents Washington with a complex diplomatic relationship full of strain. The kingdom is viewed as a bulwark to deter Iranian adventurism across the region and has been a partner in the fight against terrorism across the Persian Gulf and wider Middle East. At the same time, though, American officials have long worried about Saudi Arabia’s suspected role in promoting a   strain of Islam, which has some adherents who have been linked to violence. Saudi officials deny any links to terrorism groups, but critics point to Saudi charities that fund organizations suspected of ties to militant cells. Brian Fallon, a spokesman for the Clinton campaign, said the Clintons and the foundation had always been careful about donors. “The policies that governed the foundation’s activities during Hillary Clinton’s tenure as secretary of state already went far beyond legal requirements,” he said in a statement, “and yet the foundation submitted to even more rigorous standards when Clinton declared her candidacy for president, and is pledging to go even further if she wins. ” Mrs. Clinton’s opponent, Donald J. Trump, could face his own complications if he becomes president, with investments abroad and hundreds of millions of dollars in real estate debt  —   financial positions that could be affected by moves he makes in the White House. And on Friday, Paul Manafort resigned as chairman of the Trump campaign, in part because of reports about his lucrative consulting work on behalf of   Ukrainian politicians. Still, Mr. Trump has seized on emails released over the past several weeks from Mrs. Clinton’s tenure as secretary of state, in which a handful of donors are mentioned. He has attacked her over an email chain that showed Douglas J. Band, an adviser to Mr. Clinton, seeking to arrange a meeting between a senior American government official and Gilbert Chagoury, a   real estate developer who donated between $1 million and $5 million. Mr. Chagoury explained through a spokesman that he had simply wanted to provide insights on elections in Lebanon. Some emails and other records described donors seeking and in some cases obtaining meetings with State Department officials. None showed Mrs. Clinton making decisions in favor of any contributors, but her allies fear that additional emails might come out and provide more fodder for Mr. Trump. Craig Minassian, a spokesman for the foundation, said the decision to forgo corporate and foreign money had nothing to do with the emails. The foundation will continue to raise money from American individuals and charities. “The only factor is that we remove the perception problems, if she wins the presidency,” he said, “and make sure that programs can continue in some form for people who are being helped. ” But Tom Fitton, the president of Judicial Watch, a conservative group that has sued to obtain records from Mrs. Clinton’s time at the State Department, said that “the damage is done. ” “The conflicts of interest are cast in stone, and it is something that the Clinton administration is going to have to grapple with,” Mr. Fitton said. “It will cast a shadow over their policies. ” And in an election year in which a majority of Americans say they do not trust Mrs. Clinton, even some allies questioned why the foundation had not reined in foreign donations sooner, or ended them immediately. A Bloomberg poll in June showed that 72 percent of voters said it bothered them either a lot or a little that the Clinton Foundation took money from foreign countries while Mrs. Clinton was secretary of state. In a   International Poll the same month, 38 percent of voters said Mr. Clinton should completely step down from the foundation, while 60 percent said he should be able to continue working with the foundation if his wife became president. Mr. Clinton said Thursday he would leave the foundation’s board if Mrs. Clinton won. Edward G. Rendell, a former Democratic governor of Pennsylvania, said the foundation should be disbanded if Mrs. Clinton wins, and he added that it would make sense for the charity to stop taking foreign donations immediately. “I think they’ll do the right thing,” Mr. Rendell said, “and the right thing here is, without question, that the first gentleman have nothing to do with raising money for the foundation. ” Mr. Minassian said ending foreign   before other sources of money could be found, and without knowing who will win the election, could needlessly gut programs that help provide, for instance, H. I. V. medication to children in Africa. Begun in 1997, the foundation has raised roughly $2 billion and is overseen by a board that includes Mr. Clinton and the couple’s daughter, Chelsea. Mrs. Clinton joined when she left the State Department and stepped down in 2015 before beginning her campaign. Its work covers 180 countries, helping fund more than 3, 500 projects. Having a former president at the helm proved particularly productive, with foreign leaders and business people opening their doors  —   and their wallets  —   to the preternaturally sociable Mr. Clinton. Among the charity’s accomplishments: Its Clinton Health Access Initiative  —   which is run by Ira C. Magaziner, who was a White House aide involved in Mrs. Clinton’s failed effort to overhaul the health care system in her husband’s first term  —   renegotiated the cost of H. I. V. drugs to make them accessible to 11. 5 million people. The foundation helped bring healthier meals to more than 31, 000 schools in the United States, and it has helped 105, 000 farmers in East Africa increase their yields, according to the foundation’s tally. In December 2008, shortly before Mrs. Clinton became secretary of state, Mr. Clinton released a list of more than 200, 000 donors to defuse speculation about conflicts. Soon after, Mrs. Clinton agreed to keep foundation matters separate from official business, including a pledge to “not participate personally and substantially in any particular matter that has a direct and predictable effect upon” the foundation without a waiver. The Obama White House had particularly disliked the gatherings of world leaders, academics and business people, called the Clinton Global Initiative, that the foundation was holding overseas. The foundation limited the conferences to domestic locations while Mrs. Clinton was secretary of state. On Thursday, Mr. Clinton said the gathering in September in New York would be the foundation’s last. One of the attendees at these conferences speaks to the stickiness of some donor relationships. Victor Pinchuk, a steel magnate whose    Leonid Kuchma, was president of Ukraine from 1994 to 2005, has directed between $10 million and $25 million to the foundation. He has lent his private plane to the Clintons and traveled to Los Angeles in 2011 to attend Mr. Clinton’s   65th birthday celebration. Between September 2011 and November 2012, Douglas E. Schoen, a former political consultant for Mr. Clinton, arranged about a dozen meetings with State Department officials on behalf of or with Mr. Pinchuk to discuss the continuing political crisis in Ukraine, according to reports Mr. Schoen filed as a registered lobbyist. “I had breakfast with Pinchuk. He will see you at the Brookings lunch,” Melanne Verveer, a   then working for the State Department, wrote in a June 2012 email to Mrs. Clinton. A previously undisclosed email obtained by Citizens United, the conservative advocacy group, through public records lawsuits shows the name of Mr. Pinchuk, described as one of Ukraine’s “most successful businessmen,” among those on an   list of influential people invited to a dinner party at the Clintons’ home. Earlier in 2012, Ambassador John F. Tefft wrote to Mrs. Clinton about a visit to Ukraine by Chelsea Clinton and her husband, Marc Mezvinsky, “at the invitation of oligarch, Victor Pinchuk. ” Mrs. Clinton replied, “As you know, hearing nice things about your children is as good as it gets. ” In July 2013, the Commerce Department began investigating complaints that Ukraine  —   and by extension Mr. Pinchuk’s company, Interpipe  —   and eight other countries had illegally dumped a type of steel tube on the American market at artificially low prices. A representative for Mr. Pinchuk said the investigation had nothing to do with the State Department, had started after Mrs. Clinton’s tenure and been suspended in July 2014. He added that at least 100 other people had attended the dinner party at Mrs. Clinton’s house and that she and Mr. Pinchuk had spoken briefly about democracy in Ukraine. A deal involving the sale of American uranium holdings to a Russian   enterprise was another example of the foundation intersecting with Mrs. Clinton’s official role in the Obama administration. Her State Department was among the agencies that signed off on the deal, which involved major Clinton charitable backers from Canada. There was no evidence that Mrs. Clinton had exerted influence over the deal, but the timing of the transaction and the donations raised questions about whether the donors had received favorable handling. Even if Mr. Clinton steps down, there could be remaining complications about a potential president’s name being affixed to an international foundation. And Chelsea Clinton, who is its vice chairwoman, would continue her leadership role. “It is very difficult to see how the organization called the Clinton Foundation can continue to exist during a Clinton presidency without that posing all sorts of consequences,” said John Wonderlich, the interim executive director of the Sunlight Foundation, a government watchdog group in Washington. “What they announced only addresses the most egregious potential conflicts. ” Considering the scale and scope of the foundation, Mr. Wonderlich said it was easy to “name a hundred different types of conflicts. ” The reality is, he added, “there are no recusals when you are president. ”",0
6261,Conspiracy Galore – Get Your Tinfoil Hats Ready – 11/11/16,"Mobile users should click the link below to visit our mobile site. The site is a better fit for your screen and you will get all the articles without having to scroll all the way down. ← Prepper Website home Conspiracy Galore –Page 4 
The page for all the conspiracy nuts out there! Here you will find a ton of links to articles all in one place. If I’m missing a website, please let me know – todd [dot] sepulveda @ prepperwebsite [dot] com. 
Ron Paul Warns Trump That 'Shadow Government' Seek To Destroy Him 11/12/2016",0
