id,title,text,label
4008, Trump Supporter Kicked Out Of Trump Rally; Bet You Can Guess Why (VIDEO),"Donald Trump s popularity with African-Americans is somewhere near zero. Still, there are some African-American Trump supporters, but it appears that Trump doesn t want anything to do with them, at least not when they show up to his rallies.An African-American Trump supporter attended a rally for the GOP candidate on Wednesday in Kinston, North Carolina. Soon, Trump s other supporters began singling the man out by waving their signs in his direction. When Trump saw him, his initial response was,  That s all right, leave him alone. Then, Trump changed his mind.  We have a protester,  said the candidate to boos from the crowd.  By the Way, were you paid $1,500 to be a thug? Where s the protester? Where is he? Was he paid? This was in reference to a heavily edited video by James O Keefe that supposedly implicated Democrats in sending violent agitators to Trump rallies.Then, Trump s security detail began escorting the man out of the rally, with cheers from the audience and  You can get him out. Get him out,  from Trump.Here s the video:This man was no Democratic plant, even if the Democratic plants exist. He was a longtime Trump supporter and North Carolina resident, C.J. Cary. All he wanted to do was hand the self-described billionaire a note.Cary, in a phone interview Saturday with The Washington Post, said he had gone to the rally because he wanted to hand-deliver a note to the Republican presidential nominee. He made his way to about 20 to 30 feet from the stage and was shouting  Donald!  while waving his note around to try to catch his attention. Everyone else is waving Trump signs and I m waving this white letter,  Cary, 63, said. He said that, coupled with the fact that he was wearing sunglasses during an evening rally to deal with his sensitivity to light, may have been what set people off.Source: Washington PostStrangely, Cary still wants to vote for Trump. He believes he shares a history with the businessman. Cary wrote to Trump back in 1992 when Trump was separating from Ivana. Trump allegedly wrote back. Since then, he s been a fan   a yuuuuge fan. He has about 100 Trump signs in his yard and he wants to defeat  lying Hillary and lying Obama.  Why does he like Trump? He calls him  honest,  while Trump calls him  a thug. Featured image via Chip Somodevilla/Getty Images.",0
4009, Virginia Paper Trolls Gov. Pat McCrory Hard With Its ‘Endorsement’ For His Re-Election,"After Gov. Pat McCrory (R) signed HB2   dubbed the  bathroom bill    into law, the state lost a lot of business. Corporations canceled expansions in the state, therefore scrapping jobs that they were planning to offer and entertainers canceled events over the anti-LGBT law. Some of the business that N.C. lost made its way to Virginia.The Roanoke Times threw its support behind McCrory s re-election in the trolliest way possible. Which candidate would do the most to help our local economy? That s easy. It s Pat McCrory, the Republican governor of North Carolina, who s seeking his second four-year term in the November election.  reads the Friday editorial. We can point to specific and multiple ways he has helped the economy   our economy. North Carolina panicked and made a spectacle of itself by passing HB2, its so-called  bathroom bill.  In response, various companies and even sports leagues pulled events from the state,  the editorial continues.  Three of those have wound up in Salem   the NCAA Division III men s and women s soccer championships, as well as the Division II Central Intercollegiate Athletic Association football championship. That s money in the bank for us,  it says.The  endorsement  further states:McCrory has given Virginia a competitive advantage in economic development, as well. When the University Economic Development Association recently held its national conference in Roanoke, the keynote speaker highlighted a North Carolina program to encourage partnerships between colleges and companies, as a way help recruit technology companies interested in research and development. The speaker hailed it as a model for other states to follow as they try to build a  knowledge economy.  Then the speaker noted that McCrory had cancelled it. The pro-business audience groaned.On Monday, a data company picked Richmond as the site for a new office, with 730 jobs. Industry officials said it beat out Charlotte specifically because of HB2.Feel free to argue all you want which presidential candidate would be best, but it s clear that Virginia would be best served if North Carolina re-elected McCrory.In March, McCrory signed HB 2 into law which prohibits transgender people from using public bathrooms that match the gender they identify with. McCrory wants government so small it can fit in your bathroom.The state is losing money due to Gov. Bigot s insistence of signing the law. $395 million isn t exactly peanuts.And there s more:That doesn t include the $250 million and 730 jobs the state lost this week when CoStar Group, a real estate research firm, announced it chose Richmond, Virginia, for a major expansion instead of Charlotte, North Carolina, because of the law.Business boycotts and pullouts have cost North Carolina another $87.7 million, according to Wired.Roy Cooper is leading McCrory in the polls.Photo by Chip Somodevilla via Getty.",0
4010," Trump Says Hillary’s Emails Are Worse Than Watergate, Watergate Prosecutor SHREDS Him","When former President Richard Nixon s cronies broke into DNC Headquarters at the Watergate Hotel in 1972, it was a scandal so monumental and unprecedented that Nixon became the first and only president to resign from the office.The perpetrators were trying to bug the offices and Nixon attempted to cover up the crime using government resources.Hillary Clinton, on the other hand, merely used a personal server to receive and send emails as Secretary of State. While her decision to use a personal server was a bad one, it is hardly a crime and that is what the FBI declared in July when the agency declined to charge her with a crime.Fast-forward to October and Hillary again finds herself in Republican crosshairs as Donald Trump and his deplorable supporters continue to call for her arrest after the FBI reportedly found three emails related to the email investigation on a device belonging to Anthony Weiner.As NBC s Pete Williams reported soon afterward, none of the emails were sent by Clinton or her campaign, nor were these emails hidden by Clinton or her campaign.In fact, the FBI has only just begun investigating the emails and a conclusion won t be reached until after the election and all the signs suggest the FBI will find nothing criminal about these emails either.Yet Donald Trump continues to yammer on to his supporters about how this is an  October surprise  that should derail Hillary s campaign and that her emails are worse than Watergate.Yeah, he totally thinks this situation is worse than the biggest political scandal in American history.But former U.S. Attorney Nick Akerman vehemently disagrees.Akerman was a prosecutor who worked on the Watergate case, so if anyone can compare a scandal to Watergate he s the one to ask.According to a statement provided to Mic, Akerman wrote that FBI Director James Comey acted inappropriately by writing a letter to Congress informing them of the new emails because they haven t even been reviewed yet, which means Comey didn t even bother getting all of the facts before giving Republicans something to whine about only ten days before Election Day.But Akerman saved the real ass-whooping for the Republican nominee and compared him to a past Republican who is just as disgraceful as Nixon. Donald Trump s statement that this is bigger than Watergate is totally absurd,  Akerman wrote.  There is no evidence of any violation of law. For Trump to reach that conclusion based on a total lack of evidence is reminiscent of the innuendo spread by Joseph McCarthy in the early 1950s. #Watergate prosecutor @nickakerman letting both James Comey and Donald Trump have it over today s Hillary Clinton email developments: pic.twitter.com/uWExp4VKyx  Celeste Katz (@CelesteKatzNYC) October 28, 2016That sound you just heard is the sound of all the heads of Trump supporters exploding.Featured Image: Mark Makela/Getty Images",0
4011," BUSTED: Trump Supporter Tries To Rig Election For The GOP, Gets ARRESTED","Donald Trump has repeatedly accused Democrats of rigging the election against him, but it turns out his own supporters are doing everything they can to rig it in his favor.And that includes voting twice, something Republicans continually claim that Democratic voters always get away with doing.The Des Moines Register reports,Terri Lynn Rote, 55, was booked into the Polk County Jail about 3:40 p.m. Thursday on a first-degree election misconduct charge, which is a Class D felony.Rote, a registered Republican, reportedly cast an early voting ballot at the Polk County Election Office, 120 Second Ave., and another ballot at a county satellite voting location in Des Moines, according to a Des Moines police report.So just to recap, Rote literally committed voter fraud in a desperate attempt to get Trump and the Republican Party an extra vote in this election.That s the precise definition of election rigging, but you won t hear Trump say anything about this because he thinks that Democrats are the ones committing voter fraud, which is why he has called for his supporters to intimidate minority voters at polling places.But this incident is far from the only time during this election that a Republican has been caught trying to rig the election.A Wisconsin city clerk was recently busted for trying to deny an extra polling place near the University of Wisconsin-Green Bay because she argued in an email that students lean Democratic. I was reading the statutes and read: No site may be designated that affords an advantage to any political party,  Kris Teske wrote. UWGB is a polling location for students and residents on Election Day but I feel by asking for this to be the site for early voting is encouraging the students to vote more than benefiting the city as a whole. I have heard it said that students lean more toward the democrats and he is a democrat. I have spoken with our Chief of Staff and others at City Hall and they agree that budget wise this isn t going to happen. I would like to know your thoughts on this. Do I have an argument about it being more of a benefit to the democrats. Imagine if a Democratic clerk denied letting a church be a polling place on the premise that most religious people are Republicans. The outrage and whining would last for days.And a right-wing group is literally creating fake badges so they can infiltrate polling places in order to intimidate voters on Election Day. Keep in mind that Republicans often accuse Democratic voters of using fake IDs to vote multiple times, but here s a right-wing group making fake IDs so they can use voter suppression tactics to swing the vote in favor of Trump.Thus far, it appears that only Donald Trump s supporters are trying to rig the election, not Democrats as he so often claims. And just think, there are still ten days left until Election Day. Still plenty of time for even more hypocritical Trump supporters to be caught trying to rig the election for the small-handed man who whines about how unfair our democratic system is.Featured Image: Joe Raedle/Getty Images",0
4012, WATCH: Trump Crudely HUMILIATED A Woman Onstage Because She Accidentally Didn’t Introduce Him,"Donald Trump is a petty thin-skinned wannabe dictator who loves revenge. And this is proof.As we all know, the Republican nominee is getting hammered by sexual assault accusations and the fact that he bragged about groping and kissing women against their will.We also know that Trump retaliates over the smallest slights or perceived slights and has no problem insulting women.Well, during a Miss Universe appearance in Australia back in 2011, Trump went on stage and promptly announced to the audience that he intended to get revenge on someone because they didn t introduce him because of a simple miscommunication. Get even with people,  Trump said.  If they screw you, screw them back 10 times as hard. I really believe that. Then he called out the name of his victim, who also happened to be the 2004 Miss Universe winner from Australia, and demanded she come on stage and stand beside him so he could make an example of her in front of everyone. I ll give you an example: Jennifer Hawkins. Where s Jennifer? Where s she sitting? Get over here, Jennifer. First of all, how beautiful is Jennifer? This is about getting even. I was so angry at her yesterday. Seriously, as I said, I thought that she dissed me. I thought that my Jennifer   I m going around saying she s my favorite Miss Universe, but I think I like the new one better, Jennifer. So I go around saying she s the greatest   then when I came here, there was no Jennifer Hawkins to introduce me. Hawkins tried to defend herself by explaining that there was a miscommunication, but Trump disregarded what she had to say and proceeded to viciously humiliate her in front of her countrymen and women. I was actually going to get up and tell you that Jennifer is a beautiful girl on the outside, but she s not very bright. That wouldn t have been true, but I would have said it anyway. Because I said,  You know what, it would be great. I haven t seen Jennifer in a couple of years. She s so great and she did so well, and she s a big star here, and I helped her make it   I own the Miss Universe pageant. And I heard that she wouldn t introduce me. And then to add insult to injury, Trump tried to crack a sex joke and then attempted to kiss Hawkins even though she clearly was not interested in having Trump s lips anywhere near her.Here s the video via Huffington Post.Donald Trump is a creep and a pervert who thinks revenge is the answer to any little insult or slight, real or imagined. He does not have the temperament to be president and the thing we need is a revenge-obsessed egomaniac in control of America s nuclear arsenal and military forces.Featured Image: Kena Betancur/Getty Images",0
4013, Learn The FACTS About What The FBI Is Saying Concerning Hillary’s Emails; Trump LYING (DETAILS),"The media everywhere seems to be jumping on the new revelation of Hillary Clinton s emails without actually reading what was written by FBI Director James Comey.While Donald Trump, alongside pretty much every mainstream media branch, is saying that the FBI is  reopening  the investigation, that s not at all what was written.Comey, doing his due diligence and informing Congress that new emails had been discovered, sent the following letter: In previous congressional testimony, I referred to the fact that the Federal Bureau of Investigation (FBI) had completed its investigation of former Secretary Clinton s personal email server. Due to recent developments, I am writing to supplement my previous testimony. Note the word  supplement. He continued: In connection with an unrelated case, the FBI has learned of the existence of emails that appear to be pertinent to the investigation. I am writing to inform you that the investigative team briefed me on this yesterday, and I agreed that they FBI should take appropriate investigative steps designed to allow investigators to review these emails to determine whether they contain classified information, as well as to assess their importance to out investigation. In other words, they are looking at them to determine if they should include them in the previous investigation. Which is solidified with this next point: Although the FBI cannot yet assess whether or not this material may be significant, and I cannot predict how long it will take us to complete this additional work, I believe it is important to update your Committees about our efforts in light of my previous testimony. In other words, Comey is being completely transparent as the emails are looked at, but he never said the investigation is being reopened. Rather, the additional emails that were found are being assessed to see if they need to be subject to further scrutiny.In addition:BREAKING: US official: Newly discovered emails related to Clinton investigation did not come from her private server.  The Associated Press (@AP) October 28, 2016Pete Williams has sources saying not about Clinton world w/holding emails. Not about Podesta emails. Not emails from Clinton.  Sam Stein (@samsteinhp) October 28, 2016It s really disappointing to see the lack of reading comprehension in the media that thus gave Trump the go-ahead to use a new attack line that is built purely from hyperbolic fabrication.No, this is not Trump s  October surprise  but rather an over-reaction to someone actually showing the government can do its job.Watch Pete Williams be the person to actually explain the story with facts:  NBC s Pete Williams: Sr. officials say During separate investigation  a device  led to add'l emails not from Clinton https://t.co/QmmNoxXhOx  Bradd Jaffy (@BraddJaffy) October 28, 2016Featured Photo by Joe Raedle via Getty Images",0
4014, REVEALED: Trump Was A Creepy Pervert With Pregnant Women (VIDEO)," Shark Tank  star and insanely successful real estate mogul Barbara Corcoran has known Republican nominee Donald Trump for over three decades   and she recently showed that there s no one better to drop a truth bomb on America about who The Donald really is.In an epic interview with Erin Burnett, Corcoran added more weight to the allegations of the twelve women who have come forward against Trump, claiming that the business mogul sexually assaulted them. Corcoran admitted that she saw inappropriate behavior from Trump quite often, and she was even the victim of his misogynistic, degrading behavior at one point in time.Corcoran admitted that when she was pregnant, Trump began talking excessively about her breasts while they were in a business meeting. Corcoran recalled the time Trump sexualized and objectified her: I was pregnant with my first child at the time. So was his second wife [Marla Maples]. And he compared my breast size to his wife by putting his hands in the air, telling me how large they are. If a man is that way   so inappropriate   I just assume it s that way all the time. Corcoran showed solidarity with Trump s victims and not only said that she believed them, but said she thought it was preposterous that he s claiming he s done nothing like that. The popular investor also said she hoped she was wrong about her earlier prediction that Trump might win the election, noting that she thinks he will self-destruct before he gets any closer to the White House.You can watch Corcoran blow the lid off Trump s lies below:Corcoran is now the second  Shark Tank  investor to rail against Trump, following billionaire Mark Cuban, who has been destroying Trump every chance he gets for the last several weeks.Featured image via Frederick M. Brown and Brian Blanco / Getty Images",0
4015, Team Trump Puts A Proverbial Gun To The GOP’s Head: Support The Nominee Or Else,"Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump has made life a living hell for party leaders since he first began to rise in the polls way back in the overcrowded GOP primary season. Against all odds, Trump s bombast and demagoguery wooed disaffected GOP base voters, and he managed to steamroll past other established, much more qualified Republican presidential candidates. In the interim since then, Trump s controversies have caused many issues for party leaders who have been forced to try to defend and vouch for their nominee. The worst instance of this, of course, was the infamous Access Hollywood tape in which Trump had a lewd and offensive conversation with Billy Bush.Well, since that tape caused condemnation across the board   even causing many leading Republicans to withdraw their endorsements- the result was a well-publicized and fiery civil war within the GOP writ large. Now, with just 11 days to go until Election Day, the Trump campaign is making an effort to hold the party hostage, and force support for the embattled Trump/Pence ticket. An email, obtained by the Washington Post, was sent around to GOP elected officials, which read: I know we are less than 11 days to the 2016 election. But it is imperative that we continue to drive Republican support for the top of the ticket. That means we need your direct, strong support for the Trump/Pence ticket. Now is the time. No waffling, no week [sic] knees. We strongly urge you today to make a statement   take a stand   and step out for the Trump/Pence ticket. So, in other words, this is a  support Trump or else  message. Trump himself has already floated the idea of punishing party leaders such as House Speaker Paul Ryan for disloyalty, especially since some of these people are only supporting Trump because they are forced to. Now, Team Trump is essentially holding the GOP hostage, and if their demands are not met, make no mistake   the consequences will likely be dire.Hopefully these Republicans don t cave to Trump s insane, strongman-like tactics, and can show a bit of spine and limp on to election day.Featured image via Alex Wong/Getty Images",0
4016, WATCH: Racist Fox News Goon Gets PUNKED By Comedian On The Streets,"When Fox News goon Jesse Watters went to Chinatown in New York to put together an incredibly racist segment filled with Asian stereotypes, it caused national outrage.Now Watters is getting a taste of his own medicine thanks to comedian Jason Selvig.During Watter s racist report, he talked to residents who didn t speak much English, asked them if they know karate and if they can  take care of North Korea for us. Fox News, Bill O Reilly, and Watters disrespected and insulted the Asian-American community that day, and they have still not issued an apology despite Asian-American organizations raining hell on them with statement after statement condemning the segment.So Selvig treated Watters the same way.Selvig approached Watters on the street and gave him a hug before saying  hello  to him using a racist Asian accent. Pretty good, right?  Selvig asked Watters.  It s racist like you like. A confused Watters then realizes what s going on and tries to run away like a coward. But Selvig continues mocking him by pitching future segments Watters should consider for his next  man-on-the-streets  bit. Just a bunch of black people eating fried chicken?  Selvig suggests.  How about just Mexicans eating tacos? Selvig then suggests a segment on gay people, but then remembers that Watters already did that and shows some footage of it. Oh just like, call all Muslims terrorists,  Selvig continues before nixing the idea because  I guess you guys already do. Selvig tells Watters that he ll leave him alone if he plugs his movie  Undecided.  When Watters avoids doing so, Selvig takes matters into his own hands and declares that it s endorsed by Fox News.Here s the video via Facebook:Jesse Watters and Fox News should think twice before doing such a segment ever again. In fact, they should just not do these kinds of segments at all. But if they do, perhaps comedians from all over can approach Watters on the streets and mock him. It s called karma, and Watters just got a taste of it.Featured Image: Screenshot",0
4017, WATCH: CNN Host Calls Out Trump Supporter For Urging People To Grab Their Guns If Trump Loses,"This election is already the nastiest one on record in American political history. The aftermath could end up being the bloodiest if Trump supporters follow through on their threats. If she s in office, I hope we can start a coup,  Trump supporter Dan Bowman declared at a rally earlier this month.  She should be in prison or shot. That s how I feel about it. We re going to have a revolution and take them out of office if that s what it takes. There s going to be a lot of bloodshed. But that s what it s going to take I would do whatever I can for my country. Bowman is not alone either. Many Trump supporters are simply waiting for Trump to give the word on Election Day, like this person who aimed a gun at Hillary while she was on television during the debate.This all stems from Trump s assertion that the election is rigged for Hillary Clinton and that  Second Amendment people  should do something to stop her.And right-wing radio hosts like Joe Walsh are only throwing gas on the fire. November 8th, I m voting for Trump,  the disgraced former Tea Party lawmaker wrote on Twitter before adding,  On November 9th, if Trump loses, I m grabbing my musket. You in? On November 8th, I m voting for Trump.On November 9th, if Trump loses, I m grabbing my musket.You in?  Joe Walsh (@WalshFreedom) October 26, 2016During an interview with CNN on Friday, Walsh claimed that he was merely calling for  civil disobedience. If I wanted people to take up arms, why would I recommend people take up an antique like a musket?  Walsh told Chris Cuomo.  I mean, seriously, in 2016 I want people to go out and find a musket, grab their musket? That s just silly. But that doesn t explain why he said everyone should grab their guns if Trump loses. A musket is, in fact, a gun and definitely implies that people should grab their guns.In fact, Walsh doesn t even care if Trump loses fair and square, he still wants people to revolt against the government with their guns. If she wins fair and square, then the anger that a lot of Americans have toward our political system   and she s part of that   we ve got to double down and triple down and do whatever we can to defend our freedom. That phrase,  grab your musket,  is a phrase I ve used probably a hundred times in the last two or three years. Cuomo didn t let Walsh get away with trying to spin his own words, however. The CNN host reminded Walsh of another tweet he posted in the wake of the killing of police officers in Dallas. Words matter, context matters,  Cuomo pointed out.  You say,  This is now war, watch out Obama, watch out Black Lives Matter punks, real America s coming after you.  You only take this one way   you take it provocatively. Trump is the master of this, and you have to now argue whether that s a good thing or a bad thing. You tell me why it s good. Walsh then dropped his  civil disobedience  spin and went straight to talking about grabbing guns and going to war against the federal government, which would be treason. Look, when I say,  grab your musket, man, and let s go to war if Hillary wins,  the Republican Party s going to be in our sights. Because all these people are pissed off again at what we believe, Chris, is a corrupt political system. Here s the video via Twitter.Former Rep. Joe Walsh: When I said grab your musket if Trump loses, I meant we need  to defend our freedom  https://t.co/lgJho3xleM  CNN Politics (@CNNPolitics) October 28, 2016Trump supporters are dangerous threats to public safety and our democracy. This nation s government needs to be prepared for the strong possibility that right-wing nuts will attempt a bloody coup or commit acts of violence wherever they are in the country in retaliation of a Hillary victory. That means President Obama should put the military and National Guard on standby. If these idiots want a war, let s see how they do against professionals who have actually been in one.Featured Image: Screenshot",0
4018," Jimmy Kimmel Asks Trump Supporters To Say ONE Nice Thing About Hillary, This Is What Happened (VIDEO)","In the simplest of terms, one way to describe Donald Trump supporters would be to call them interesting. However, not interesting in a way where they have profound things to say and should be respected for all the things they do, but rather interesting in a way like when you visit a circus and wonder how so many clowns can fit into one car. That would, in fact, be interesting to find out.Catching up with a few of these interesting people was none other than Jimmy Kimmel s team on his late night show. He interviewed a number of them on the street in Hollywood and told them that it s Hillary Clinton s birthday. He then asked if they could say at least one nice thing about her for her birthday. The replies were, let s just say, less than kind.One woman said: I can t say anything positive. I d ask her if it s truly her birthday or if she s lying about that too. Another guy said: Happy birthday, Hillary. I hope you get arrested. One woman did muster up the strength to compliment Hillary s hair, but she wasn t happy about saying it.It definitely seems like there s a lot of anger coming out of the Trump campaign and their supporters, along with a lot of false information. Here s hoping they will be able to find happiness in life even when Hillary becomes president.Watch the segment and all their weird hatred towards Hillary here:[ad3media campaign= 1266 ]Featured image via video screen capture",0
4019, Report: Hillary Wants Joe Biden For HUGE Role In White House,"A new report indicates that Vice President Joe Biden s long tenure in Washington, D.C. may not be over just yet if Hillary Clinton has anything to do with it. According to Politico, the Clinton brain trust is considering offering Biden one of the most important roles in her administration if she wins the election. Joe Biden is at the top of the internal short list Hillary Clinton s transition team is preparing for her pick to be secretary of state, a source familiar with the planning tells POLITICO.This would be the first major Cabinet candidate to go public for a campaign that s insisted its focus remains on winning the election, and perhaps the most central choice for a potential president who was a secretary of state herself. The report indicates that a formal offer of the position has not been discussed yet between Biden and Clinton.Biden has years of experience with foreign policy, including time leading the Foreign Relations Committee when he was a U.S. Senator from Delaware, and he has been one of President Obama s closest advisors on the topic while serving as Vice President.Biden considered running for President this year, and some polls indicated he would have been a strong challenger to Clinton. After the death of his son Beau, he decided against the campaign and has endorsed Clinton. His speech in favor of Clinton at the Democratic Convention in Philadelphia was one of the highlights of the event.He has been holding campaign events on her behalf and is among the all-star team of surrogates including the President, First Lady Michelle Obama, and Senator Bernie Sanders that are promoting Clinton s campaign.Biden has also dedicated himself to leading the so-called  moon shot  project to cure cancer, a position that President Obama announced for him during his final State of the Union address.Featured image via Flickr",0
4020, Donald Trump: ‘We Should Just Cancel The Election’,"At a rally in Toledo, Ohio, Trump made his most frightening statement of this election cycle yet. After comparing his tax plan to Hillary s, he boldly proclaimed: And just thinking to myself right now, we should just cancel the election and just give it to Trump, right? What are we even having it for? What are we having it for?Her policies are so bad. Boy, do we have a big difference.  [emphasis mine]We should just cancel the election and install him as what? President? We all know he won t stay President for very long if we do that. He wants to be installed as the first King of the United States. Even if he were democratically elected in twelve days, he d probably try to make this the last election this country ever sees.Anybody who doesn t see that after what he just said is both blind and foolish.Oh wait, perhaps he was just joking, just being funny? It s a very dangerous and inappropriate joke to make on the campaign trail, particularly for someone who has long since begun displaying fascist tendencies.Trump has fallen well behind Hillary across national polls, in battleground states, and even in a few deep red states like Arizona, Utah, Texas and Georgia. They re in play for the first time in forever. Trump s only hope may well be to simply be installed as the king, rather than elected to the White House by the people.We have people like former Congressman Joe Walsh calling for armed rebellion if Trump loses. We have people like Rep. Jason Chaffetz promising years of investigations into Hillary if she s elected. We have Trump himself calling for his supporters to intimidate voters at the polls in the name of ensuring that nobody votes who isn t legally allowed to, and claiming that there s already widespread voter fraud in Texas.He s incited his crowds toward violence, and he s undermining our democracy with his cries of unfairness, election stealing, and rigging.Now he says,  We should just cancel the election and just give it to Trump.  That s the worst thing he can say as a presidential candidate in a democratic society. The worst. Featured image by Maddie McGarvey via Getty Images",0
4021, OUTRAGE: Bundy Family Terrorists Get Off Scot-Free,"The domestic terrorists who staged an armed takeover of a federal facility have been given a  not guilty  verdict by a jury in Portland, Oregon. Despite their actions not being in dispute the group led by Ammon and Ryan Bundy have just become the latest example of a justice system bending over backwards for some, while punishing others.Ammon and Ryan Bundy and five of their followers, charged in the armed takeover of a federally owned Oregon wildlife sanctuary in January, were acquitted Thursday of federal conspiracy and weapons charges.The verdict brings to a close a case that gripped the nation earlier this year with its public debate about government powers, public lands and constitutional rights.The brothers and their followers took over the Malheur National Wildlife Refuge and held it for six weeks. Their extreme demands were that the federal government surrender control of the 188,000-acre property.The brothers also issued a call to arms to fringe militia groups across the country, asking them to stand with them on the property in the apparent hope that they could trigger another dangerous standoff with the government like Ruby Ridge or Waco, which both ended in death.The Bundy brothers came to national prominence after their father Cliven Bundy refused to pay the Bureau of Land Management after his livestock had grazed on federal property for years. Bundy, an extreme right-winger, believes that the government does not have proper jurisdiction over federal lands. But in fact, repeated court decisions show his position to be in an extreme minority.Initially, mainstream Republican and conservative figures rallied to Bundy s side, including Senator Rand Paul and Fox News host Sean Hannity. But that support faded away when video surfaced of Bundy musing that blacks may have been  better off  as slave instead of having government assistance.Featured image via Multnomah County Sheriff s Office",0
4022, Gary Johnson Has ANOTHER Insanely Incoherent Meltdown During Interview (VIDEO),"Libertarian presidential candidate Gary Johnson isn t doing too well in the polls, and a recently released interview is not going to help him. Apparently, Johnson is beginning to feel the pressure and he s taking it out on the press by giving unpredictable interviews   unless he s just trying to take a page out of Donald Trump s book by acting erratic.When Johnson was interviewed by the Guardian s Paul Lewis, there were several tense, uncomfortable moments   such as when he yelled at Lewis for mentioning his dwindling poll numbers or questioning his tax policy.The interview begins on an awfully uneasy note when Johnson flat-out admits to Lewis that he s stupid while sporting a very creepy smile   and it s clear that Lewis doesn t understand if Johnson s being serious or not. The interview is confusing from the start, as Johnson doesn t seem focused or able to control his mood.The worst part was toward the end of the interview when Lewis corrected Johnson that his support in the polls was now only 6%, not the 10% that Johnson claimed. Johnson responded by blowing up and yelling: Why are you even interviewing me? I don t get it. If I m doing so poorly, is this to preside over a funeral here? It s not a funeral! It s a celebration! Another horrible moment came when Lewis asked Johnson to explain his tax plan. Lewis brought up the fact that most economists disagree with Johnson s approach to nix federal income tax and enforce nationwide consumption tax   which made Johnson unravel right in front of the camera. Johnson admitted that Congress wouldn t approve of his tax plan, and then fired back with a weird detour about legalized marijuana: Look, I don t want to argue. I don t want to argue, really. Look, I came out for the legalization of marijuana, let me just use that as an example. And I will tell you, I had people in my face for years and years and years talking about how stupid and idiotic it was that we should allow marijuana to be legal. Lewis was understandably shocked, and he had to ask Johnson why he d bring up marijuana when they d been talking about taxes. Johnson yelled,  It s leadership! As we ve seen with the Aleppo situation, Johnson just doesn t do very well with interviews   and this video should be a clear sign that voting for Johnson won t get America very far, especially when that vote could have been used against Republican nominee Donald Trump. You can watch this bizarre exchange below:Featured image is a screenshot",0
4023, WATCH: Trump Supporter Says Women Shouldn’t Be Allowed To Be Leaders,"If there is a special place in hell for a woman who works against the best interests of women, this Trump supporter already has a reservation.Young Turks reporter Jordan Chariton went to Donald Trump s rally in North Carolina on Wednesday before it began to interview several Trump supporters.When Chariton asked one woman if she had a birthday message for Hillary Clinton, rather than say something nice the woman said,  Trump that bitch! We could care less about her birthday,  the woman continued, going on to remark that she hopes Hillary won t be in the White House.The woman then proceeded to tell Chariton that she won t be happy about a Clinton being in the White House, even though it would mark the first time in American history that a woman has been elected President of the United States.  Absolutely not,  she said.And instead of citing her policies or anything else, this Trump supporter said she opposes Clinton because of her gender.  I don t believe there should be a woman President,  she said.And that means any woman. But why? I believe in Christianity and I see that she does not stand for the Christianity,  she went on to say. Does Christianity say you can not have a female President?  Chariton followed up. It doesn t say,  she replied.  I just don t believe there should be woman leaders. I believe women should stand back from things like this, especially the White House. In other words, this Trump supporter believes that a woman s place is being submissive to men just like conservative  Christians  believe. The woman Chariton interviewed doesn t even think women should be  speakers.  Translation: women should shut up and stay in the home and not have any say in political matters whatsoever.Later in the video, the same Trump supporter reversed herself by saying that Jesus might frown upon a woman being a leader and further stated her belief that Donald Trump feels the same way.She went to say that she thinks the 12 women who have accused Trump of sexually assaulting them were paid by the Clinton Foundation to do so. It s an accusation with ZERO evidence to support it. But there is lots of evidence suggesting that Donald Trump is a sexual predator.Here s the video via YouTube.To recap, Donald Trump thinks women are sex objects for men to conquer and do with as they please. His supporters don t give a damn about the victims he has harmed over the years. Trump supporters have also been calling for the 19th Amendment to be repealed, which would strip women of the right to vote. And now we have video of a Trump supporter saying that no woman should ever be allowed to be a leader or speaker.And yet Republicans wonder why women continue to leave the GOP.Featured Image: Screenshot",0
4024," Trump Sends Out DANGEROUS Tweet Claiming Voter Fraud In Texas, State Voting Officials Call BULLSH!T","Donald Trump has been shouting that the election is rigged against him for weeks. On Thursday morning, the GOP nominee woke up bright and early to post on Twitter that he has been receiving reports of widespread voter fraud taking place in Texas.A lot of call-ins about vote flipping at the voting booths in Texas. People are not happy. BIG lines. What is going on?  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) October 27, 2016Trump was presumably referring to already debunked reports that the votes of some people trying to vote a straight Republican ticket were being changed to Hillary Clinton, a claim believed to have originated in Tarrant County. However, Snopes reports that this  vote flipping  is due to user error, not a rigged election. Reports are not flooding in from across Texas about vote switching, and most anecdotes are identical with localities changed,  Snopes wrote on Wednesday.Texas officials were also quick to call out Trump s tweet for the load of crap that it was. Frank Phillips, the election administrator for Tarrant County, told WFAA that the claims of  vote flipping  turned out to be bogus, just like every other time there are reports of this nature. Historically, he said, these are cases of user error. Typically, we ve found it s voter error with the equipment,  Phillips said.  Sometimes they vote straight party and then click on other candidates   or do something with the wheel. There is not an issue with the equipment. Election officials have been urging voters to double-check their ballots before turning them in. Earlier this week, Texas Gov. Greg Abbott also urged his constituents to make sure their selections are correct before casting their ballots. Make sure all of your selections are correct before hitting the button to cast a ballot,  Abbott posted on his Facebook page.Trump has ramped up his claims of a rigged election as the election has gotten closer and his poll number have gotten lower. This is not only bullsh*t, it is dangerous and irresponsible. He is sowing seeds of doubt about the very election process that is the foundation of our democracy, all because he can t admit that he is losing.Featured image via Chip Somodevilla/Getty Images",0
4025, Trump’s Problems With Women Get Worse As Another Beauty Queen Comes Forward With Assault Story,"Donald Trump keeps saying that all the women who have come forward alleging that he acted in a sexually inappropriate way toward them are liars. However, the stories are remarkably similar, and they reflect Trump s own words on the now-infamous Access Hollywood tape where he bragged to then-host Billy Bush about sexually assaulting women. Well, on Thursday, those issues deepened, as a 12th woman came forward.Ninni Laaksonen once held the title of Miss Finland. Speaking with Finnish tabloid Ilta-Sanomat, she says that Trump touched her rear end inappropriately in 2006, where the pageant participants were doing an episode of The Late Show with David Letterman. Laaksonen says: Before the show we were photographed outside the building. Trump stood next to me and suddenly he squeezed my butt. He really grabbed my butt. I don t think anybody saw it but I flinched and thought,  What is happening? What is most interesting here is the fact that this young woman didn t go out of her way to go public with these allegations. The paper she spoke with, which is supposedly the second-biggest publication in all of Finland, went looking for women in the nation who had histories with Trump. That is how Laaksonen was found, which makes her allegations against Trump all the more credible. She didn t go looking to attach her name to this scandal unfolding in the United States presidential election, but that is what happened, just because she chose to be brave.Perhaps the grossest part of all of this is what Laaksonen says someone told her regarding Trump s attraction to her: Somebody told me there that Trump liked me because I looked like Melania when she was younger. This is just disgusting. The GOP really should be addressing this with the public. They are literally trying to put a sexual predator in the Oval Office. This just goes to show that they do not care about the women of this country, or about the nation itself at all. They care about their party and their careers, and that s it.Hopefully, more women are found between now and election day, and they won t be able to be ignored.Featured image via screen capture",0
4026, Republicans Plan To Strangle The Supreme Court To Death In Retaliation For A Hillary Victory,"Making sure that Democrats take control of the Senate just became even more important.Ever since Justice Antonin Scalia died in February, Republicans have refused to let President Obama fill the vacant seat he left behind on the Supreme Court bench. President Obama even nominated Merrick Garland, whom many consider to be a moderate who has even been praised in the past by the very Republicans who are blocking him now.There had been rumors that Republicans may approve his nomination if Hillary Clinton wins the election in order to prevent her from nominating someone more liberal to the post. But now it appears Republicans have something even more sinister in mind if they end up keeping control of the Senate in November.Arizona Senator John McCain, despite joining with his fellow Republicans to declare that the next president should get to pick the next Supreme Court Justice, has already urged Republicans to block any nominee Hillary Clinton puts forward, only to backtrack when outrage ensued over his remarks.But most Republicans think that s a good idea and want to take it even further by letting the Supreme Court die.As we all know, Supreme Court Justices may be appointed to serve for life, but they don t live forever.All of the medical technology and advances in the world are not enough to provide eternal life to humans. So even if every current Justice vows to serve till their last breath, new Justices will eventually be required to make sure the Supreme Court continues.Republicans, however, would rather the high court just disappear instead of doing their jobs by holding confirmation hearings for any of Hillary Clinton s nominees. And they seem to be getting their new playbook from Ilya Shapiro of the Cato Institute, a right-wing organization funded by the Koch brothers.Apparently, Republicans have decided that if they can t get the conservative dominated Court they want, they ll settle for destroying it entirely so that it is no longer a functioning institution. As a matter of constitutional law, the Senate is fully within its powers to let the Supreme Court die out, literally,  Shapiro wrote for The Federalist on Wednesday. I simply can t blame politicians who follow their convictions,  he continued.  If you truly believe that a particular nominee would wreak havoc on America, why not do everything you can to stop him?  So when you get past the gotcha headlines, breathless reportage, and Inauguration Day, if Hillary Clinton is president it would be completely decent, honorable, and in keeping with the Senate s constitutional duty to vote against essentially every judicial nominee she names. In other words, Republicans have no intention of letting the next president pick the next Supreme Court nominee, or any nominee for that matter, unless the next president is Donald Trump. For all their talk of letting the voters decide who gets to pick the next nominee, Republicans are making it clear that they will ignore the will of the people if they elect Hillary Clinton on November 8th and will reject every nominee she puts forward.That means the Court will drag on with only eight Justices, which will result in more cases that result in 4-4 ties that fail to settle the law, which would give red states the power to have state laws that conflict with our Constitution. Essentially, it s a way to shift power to the states by default. And it would only shift more as other Supreme Court Justice die or retire. Once the Court bench dwindles too much, the Justices will have an even harder time keeping up with the case load, which means justice will be delayed.And this strategy could even affect lower courts as well. Without courts to keep them in check, conservatives could pass any laws they desire knowing that courts will be too backed up or are nonexistent to stop them, meaning more anti-gay laws, voter suppression laws, and anti-women laws will be enacted by red state legislatures with impunity.It s an impending constitutional crisis that Republicans are orchestrating.This a dangerous interpretation of the Constitution and it runs contrary to the established precedent that has been set since America s founding. No Senate has outright refused to hold confirmation votes on any nominees put forward by a sitting president. While the Senate has voted a handful of nominees down, they ve never blocked any and all nominees picked by a president no matter how divided the executive and legislative branches are politically.But that s exactly what Republicans are planning to do if Hillary Clinton wins and they get to keep control of the Senate, which means at least two more years until Americans can flip the Senate to more reasonable lawmakers. And it could actually end up being four more years of gridlock since the party that controls the White House often suffers midterm election losses.In short, the only thing that can prevent Republicans from letting the Supreme Court whither on the vine and die is the American people in this presidential election. Republicans must NOT be allowed to keep control of the Senate. The viability, functionality, and survival of our judicial institutions depends on Democrats taking back majority control of the Senate. If voters fail to do this, it could mean the end of the Supreme Court and justice in America.Featured Image: Win McNamee/Getty Images",0
4027," Jill Stein Has Millions – Thanks To Big Pharma, Big Oil And Wall Street","Jill Stein, Green Party candidate for President of the United States, has made her case this election by painting herself as being the anti-Hillary Clinton. She claims that Clinton s ties to Wall Street and her more  cozy  feelings towards big corporations and polluters make her a faux-progressive. So Stein claims that she is the true outsider progressive who has the people s best interest at heart and that she will end the too-big-to-fail mentality on Wall Street.But her investment portfolio shows something completely different.Uncovered by the Daily Beast, Stein has millions of dollars worth of investments in the very entities she rails against in her faltering presidential campaign:According to the financial-disclosure form she filed with the U.S. Office of Government Ethics on March 30, 2016, Stein and her husband, Richard Rohrer, have investments (with the exception of real estate) valued at anywhere from $3,832,050 to $8,505,000. (Stein told The Daily Beast she inherited  over a half-million dollars  from her parents.) We don t know their exact net worth because filers are only required to provide a range of the value of their investments as opposed to exact values.Those investments, which but Stein s net worth in the millions (what an outsider), are held in mutual funds or index funds which provide more consistent, safer returns than individually picked stocks.Stein is invested in:Stein also has $50,001-$100,000 invested in a fund that represents Raytheon, which is the fourth largest defense contractor in the world and relies heavily on military contracts.So all of these entities, in which opposition to has been the cornerstone of Stein s campaign, are also her biggest benefactors financially.For years Jill Stein has made it her mission to paint Hillary Clinton and other Democrats as backstabbing, two-faced, corrupt shills while glorifying herself as a goddess in the progressive movement. Meanwhile, she s been padding her net worth thanks to big oil, big pharma, Wall Street and defense contractors.Of course the Stein campaign refused to take any shred of responsibility, telling the Daily Beast:Like many Americans who hold retirement accounts, pension funds, or who invest in the American economy, my finances are largely held in index funds or mutual funds over which I have no control in management or decision-making. Sadly, most of these broad investments are as compromised as the American economy degraded as it is by the fossil-fuel, defense and finance industries.She also left out the part where she could, if she really was the principled candidate she says she is, forgo these investments and invest the money somewhere else:While it s true that Stein would not have control over the investments of the funds she invested in, she did have a choice of whether to invest in these funds to begin with. In the past, political candidates, in an effort to avoid a conflict of interest or have their judgment called into question, have invested their entire portfolios in U.S. Treasuries, cash/cash equivalents, in socially responsible index funds, or clean-energy funds. In her statement, Stein said that she has  explored  more socially responsible funds but  found their investments in fracking and large-scale biofuels not much better than the non-green funds. I have not yet found the mutual funds that represent my goals of advancing the cause of people, planet, and peace. But apparently big pharma, oil and Wall Street investments do?Ladies and gentlemen, Jill Stein: America s hypocrite of the year.Featured image via Drew Angerer/Getty Images",0
4028, Uncovered Video: Trump Makes CREEPIEST Comments Yet About His Daughter (VIDEO),"It s clear that Donald Trump thinks his daughter is beautiful. There s nothing wrong with that. All fathers are supposed to believe that, but Trump s fatherly admiration of Ivanka goes far beyond just thinking she s beautiful   he finds her sexually attractive and that s creepy as hell. The latest video to come out adds a new dimension to Trump s attraction to his own daughter.There is certainly history. Trump loves to have Ivanka sit on his lap, to the point of her appearing to give him a lap dance.Image courtesy of Snopes.The GOP presidential candidate (the best they apparently could come up with) has joked numerous times about dating, or even marrying, his daughter.Still, in none of these instances did Trump specifically mention sex. This newly uncovered video, from just three years ago, does. In an appearance on the Wendy Williams show, Trump and Ivanka were asked what they had in common. Ivanka answered as you might imagine the daughter of a rich person. She said that golf and real estate are their two main common interests. Her father, though, said something entirely different,  well, I was going to say sex, but I can t relate that to her. Oh, thank goodness he stopped himself from saying  sex,  right after he said  sex. Check out the look on her face:Here s the screen grab of the very brief (if you blink, you d miss it) but telling moment:Maybe this is just an innocent joke of some kind, but even if it is, it s very telling. Donald Trump seems to see women through just one prism, and that s whether or not he s sexually attracted to them. It s also highly likely that when Ivanka was a child, her father had almost nothing to do with her, so that could have something to do with the apparent fact that he doesn t have normal fatherly feelings toward his daughter. Instead, like all women, Trump sees her as a sex object.Featured image via video screen shot",0
4029, WATCH: Trump Supporter Lynches Hillary Doll At Rally During Trump’s Appeal To Black Voters,"If Trump supporters seriously want black people to vote for the Republican nominee, they should leave their nooses at home.Because during a rally in North Carolina on Wednesday evening in which Donald Trump made another desperate appeal to black voters, one Trump supporter draped a rope around the neck of a Hillary Clinton doll and hung her in effigy above the crowd for all to see.Ginger Glover is a toy store owner, so getting her hands on a  Lyin  Hillary  doll was easy. But it was a terrible idea to promote lynching imagery in a state where black people suffered lynchings in the past.Glover claims that she was only trying to say that Hillary should be  incarcerated at the very least  and that hanging her in effigy was  just for effect. Here s the video via YouTube:From 1877 to 1950, approximately 100 African-Americans were lynched in the state of North Carolina.Hanging a political candidate in effigy is an act of violence or threatened violence that has no place in our elections.This incident is even scarier considering that many Trump supporters are openly threatening to assassinate Hillary Clinton or lead a violent overthrow of the federal government if Trump loses the election, threats that only get worse as Trump continues to claim that the election is rigged against him.Nevertheless, it s going to be damn near impossible for Donald Trump to attract black voters to his campaign, especially if his supporters are bringing nooses to rallies and threatening to hang Hillary.African-Americans are not going to appreciate that imagery and they will not vote for man who condones it.Featured Image: Screenshot",0
4030, Donald Trump: The Hundreds Of People I Insulted On Twitter ‘Deserved’ It,"The New York Times published a piece displaying the 282 people Donald Trump has insulted on Twitter since he announced his run for the White House. It had to be a  daunting task for the paper because the GOP nominee uses his Twitter account like a punching bag against anyone who hurts his tender feelings. The GOP presidential nominee needs to be in an anger management group instead of social media. According to Donald, though, the people he lashed out at deserved it. It s ok, most of them deserved,  Trump said on ABC s  Good Morning America. I believe in fighting back when people are against me, when they tell lies, you know, I have the power of this instrument and frankly sometimes I ll use that,   he continued.  And I agree sometimes it will revert back or sometimes maybe it doesn t come out   you have to be careful with it. Melania Trump was also interviewed. She explained that as First Lady, she would focus on social media. The wife of a cyberbully said, What s going on is very hurtful to children, to some adults as well. We need to teach [children] how to use it, what is right to say, what is not right to say, because it is very bad out there and children get hurt,  she added without one bit of irony.Trump said that he agreed that so many people are  hurt  by social media. She feels very strongly about. She understands it very well,  Trump said.Trump hasn t changed. Even before his run for the presidency, he insulted random Twitter users.  Are you making less than minimum wage, don t worry, the government will protect you. Afraid to give your real name? You should be,  Donald tweeted to a Twitter user in 2013. By the way, Trump blocked that Twitter user after the exchange.Imagine if Barack Obama lashed out at random people on the Internet because people hurt his feefees in 2008   then in 2012.Donald continued his  rigged election  rhetoric in the interview. That s likely because he s preparing himself for defeat in November. He won t take losing gracefully and neither will his supporters.Image via screen capture. ",0
4031, BUSTED: Trump Supporters Get Caught Creating Fake Badges To Intimidate Voters At Polling Places,"Conservatives claim that voter ID is necessary to catch illegal voters, but it turns out they re the only ones creating fake IDs to use on Election Day.Trump supporters are taking Trump s call to monitor polling places so seriously that they are creating fake ID badges in order to infiltrate polling locations across the country and intimidate voters by interrogating them, confusing them, and filming them   all of which are illegal.But, Trump s deplorables are doing this in droves with the help of a right-wing group known as  Vote Protectors. The group, which is affiliated with top Trump ally Roger Stone, is giving people the ability to intimidate voters on Election Day. They are literally teaching them to create their own fake badge, which is designed to give them access to voters both inside and outside the polling places where citizens cast their votes.According to the Huffington Post,Stone s group created an official-looking ID badge for its volunteers to wear, and its volunteers planned to videotape voters and conduct fake  exit polls,  efforts that election experts say risks intimidating and confusing voters. Or at least that s what the group was planning to do before The Huffington Post asked Stone about it on Tuesday. The controversial Trump ally, long known for his bare-knuckled political tactics, said that key proposals on his group s websites were there without his knowledge, and assured HuffPost that he would operate within the confines of election law.In fact, after HuffPo confronted Stone with evidence that these kinds of tactics were being pursued by the website, he acknowledged that Vote Protectors had a  bad idea  and  ordered them taken down. Campaign Legal Center deputy director Danielle Lang called the tactics a clear voter intimidation scheme. It s inherently intimidating and an invasion of privacy,  she told HuffPo in reference to the videotaping.  When that s being live streamed to the internet, it amplifies the potentially intimidating aspect of it, and violates a sense of security and privacy people have a right to enjoy at the polls. Objectively, intimidating voters is unlawful, no matter where you do it. Indeed, but that s exactly what Donald Trump has been calling upon his supporters to do because he has repeatedly claimed that the election is rigged against him.As it turns out, he s right about the election being rigged, only it s conservatives who are trying to rig it in favor of Trump.Earlier this week, a Wisconsin city clerk in Green Bay got caught trying to intentionally prevent college students from voting by arguing in an email to the Wisconsin Ethics Commission that an extra polling place should not be opened near the University of Wisconsin-Green Bay because she has merely heard that students lean Democrat. I was reading the statutes and read: No site may be designated that affords an advantage to any political party,  Republican appointed clerk Kris Teske wrote. UWGB is a polling location for students and residents on Election Day but I feel by asking for this to be the site for early voting is encouraging the students to vote more than benefiting the city as a whole. I have heard it said that students lean more toward the democrats and he is a democrat. I have spoken with our Chief of Staff and others at City Hall and they agree that budget wise this isn t going to happen. I would like to know your thoughts on this. Do I have an argument about it being more of a benefit to the democrats. So not only are Trump supporters trying to rig the election with voter intimidation tactics using hypocritical methods, they are using voter suppression tactics as well.And that is likely going to cause a lot of Election Day chaos. Voters should be prepared to stand up for their right to vote no matter what Trump s deplorables try to do to keep them from exercising it.Featured Image: Drew Angerer/Getty Images ",0
4032, WATCH: Anderson Cooper And Ana Navarro NAIL Hypocrite Newt Gingrich To The Wall,"Newt Gingrich must really be regretting his little temper tantrum on Megyn Kelly s show now.Because his tirade about Kelly being more  fascinated  with sex than policy really has backfired spectacularly in the last 24 hours, culminating in a brutal takedown on CNN.All Megyn Kelly did was correctly point out that Donald Trump is possibly a sexual predator, which caused Gingrich to explode in rage and be completely disrespectful towards Kelly.Anderson Cooper and his panel discussed the former House Speaker s hissy fit on CNN on Wednesday night, and it didn t take long for Gingrich to be slammed for being a total hypocrite because of his past sexual misconduct.Cooper fired the first shot by calling it  ironic  that Gingrich would call Kelly  fascinated by sex  when he cheated on his first two wives, including an affair that took place during the impeachment proceedings against Bill Clinton. For Newt Gingrich to accuse Megyn Kelly of being fascinated by sex,  Cooper said after turning to Trump supporter Scottie Nell Hughes for a response.  This is a guy, who s what, on his third marriage, cheated on his first two wives and was having an affair when he was impeaching Bill Clinton. Isn t that right? Hughes used the  glass houses  defense and tried to turn the discussion into one about Hillary Clinton.Needless to say, Hughes and fellow Trump supporter Kayleigh McEnany humiliated themselves by trying to defend Gingrich s offensive outburst.But GOP consultant Ana Navarro had no problem blasting Gingrich, and she corrected Cooper before proceeding to rip Gingrich a new one. I think the word you were looking for was  hypocritical.  Remember Newt Gingrich s wife? When he was running in 2012, told all of us, told the media, said it to the camera. Newt Gingrich offered her the choice between an open marriage or a divorce. So maybe, just maybe, if all of that baggage is on your shoulders, maybe you shouldn t be the surrogate out there wagging your finger and accusing the woman who was reporting on sexual assault   let me explain it slowly   sexual assault and sex are two things. One is unwanted. One is wanted. So maybe they need to understand that to begin with. Let us not confuse sexual assault and sex. And if you are going to get a surrogate to speak on it, and wag his finger on national TV, maybe, just maybe, go find the Pope or somebody that s been on his knees in a chapel for the last 20 years. Not Newt Gingrich. Here s the video via YouTube.Gingrich should publicly apologize to Megyn Kelly for his behavior on Tuesday night. It was unacceptable and only demonstrated precisely why Trump is getting hammered at the polls by women right now. Scottie Nell Hughes should tell Gingrich all about glass houses next time she sees him because he certainly could have used that advice before making a jackass out of himself. Or better yet, Gingrich should just keep his mouth shut and disappear from the political landscape entirely.Featured Image: Screenshot",0
4033, Democrats SUE Republicans Over Plot To Rig Election,"Democrats appear to be completely fed up with Donald Trump s bizarre conspiracy theory where he alleges   without evidence   that the presidential election will be  rigged.  Trump has also called on his supporters to show up in minority-heavy voting precincts in a move that many believe is an attempt to suppress the vote, to  rig  things in his favor.Now Democrats are suing the Republicans.The Democratic National Committee is suing the Republican National Committee for aiding GOP nominee Donald Trump as he argues that the presidential election is  rigged,  claiming that Trump s argument is designed to suppress the vote in minority communities.The suit, filed Wednesday in US District Court in New Jersey, argues that the RNC has not sufficiently rebuked Trump for the line of attack, which he has used as a rallying cry and is assumed to be a way to explain away a potential loss on Election Day.The Democrats argue in the filing that  Trump has falsely and repeatedly told his supporters that the November 8 election will be  rigged  based upon fabricated claims of voter fraud in  certain areas  or  certain sections  of key states. Republicans are still bound under a consent decree due to a previous court case, which limits their ability to officially send people to polling stations to intimidate voters. At the same time, outside fringe right wing armed militia groups like  The Oath Keepers  have recently sent out calls to patrol voting booths on Trump s behalf.Knowing how vital the votes of Latinos, blacks, and others are to Democratic hopes   especially with President Obama off the ballot   Republicans appear to be highly invested in any and all schemes focused on cutting down the number of voters. If they can suppress minority turnout, which has always been anti-Republican but could now form the foundation of a landslide, Republicans think they could pull out a (tainted) victory.Featured image via Flickr",0
4034, Libertarian Candidate Gary Johnson STUNS America With Statement On Presidential Election,"For months, various third parties have been making all sorts of noises about how we need third-party candidates in the presidential elections if we ever want to break the tyranny of the two-party system. This has resonated especially well with people who think Hillary Clinton is about as bad as Donald Trump. However, Libertarian Gary Johnson, and his running mate, Bill Weld, have issued a surprising announcement about this election that doesn t include begging for votes for Johnson.The Johnson-Weld campaign believes that Trump is a monumentally bad choice for President of the United States, saying, in their statement on the matter: A President of the United States operates every day under a great deal of pressure   from all sides, and in furtherance of many different agendas. With that pressure comes constant criticism.After careful observation and reflection, I have come to believe that Donald Trump, if elected President of the United States, would not be able to stand up to this pressure and this criticism without becoming unhinged and unable to perform competently the duties of his office.  [emphasis mine]No, Trump wouldn t be able to handle the pressure. Johnson and Weld are both reading this quite correctly, because Trump is a) too thin-skinned to deal with hostile world leaders who might ridicule him (along with a hostile Congress that just won t do his bidding), and b) just plain too mired in fascism to be the leader of the free world. He would destroy the free world.The campaign went on to say: Mr. Trump has some charisma and panache, and intellectual quickness. These qualities can be entertaining. Yet more than charisma, more even than intellectual ability, is required of a serious candidate for this country s highest office. A serious candidate for the Presidency of the United States must be stable, and Donald Trump is not stable.  [emphasis mine]While it does sound like they re admitting defeat and endorsing Hillary, or, at least, trying to convince people to vote for Hillary, that s not quite the case, whatever other sites have claimed. The Johnson-Weld campaign wants the Nov. 8 election to be between Johnson and Hillary, rather than Hillary and Trump: Governor Weld and Governor Johnson are campaigning nonstop, with rallies and appearances scheduled over the next few days across the country from Alaska to Cincinnati, and are fully committed to giving voters the third choice they deserve in this election.Any suggestion to the contrary is the product of active imaginations and partisans in both the Republican and Democrat camps who see how many independents, millennials [sic] and other disenfranchised voters are looking to the Johnson-Weld ticket as a vote they can cast in good conscience. Either way, the Johnson campaign, despite being much closer to Republicans than Democrats ideologically, cannot stomach voting for Trump. They can t tolerate their voters voting for Trump, either, but neither do they want their voters choosing Hillary.Featured image by Bill McCay via Getty Images for SiriusXM",0
4035, Analysis Of Trump Camp’s Spending Shows Trump Wins For The MOST Backward Campaign EVER,"Most political campaigns prefer to spend the bulk of their money on ad buys, internal polling and other research, voting lists, campaign field offices, staff   you know, the stuff a campaign actually needs if it wants to succeed. However, it seems that Trump s campaign doesn t care about any of that. Not only do they not have a ground game to speak of, but they don t spend their money on anything substantial.They re spending their money on hats.And t-shirts and signs but lots and lots of hats   promotional merchandise that doesn t really do anything to further Trump s campaign beyond his very tired slogan,  Make America great again. The Washington Post conducted an analysis of Trump s final campaign finance filing with the Federal Election Commission. They found the campaign has spent $1.8 million on polling over the last sixteen months, but they spent $3.2 million on hats. Because clearly, those hats are the most important part of the campaign and nobody else gets that.Or so you d think with how Trump loves to look like a tool wearing those hats at his rallies.Trump keeps touting his business prowess as what makes him so eminently qualified to run this country, because reasons. His campaign is running more like a business that thinks spending its money on endless advertising and promotional materials is better than, well, spending money actually running the company (or in this case, a presidential campaign).All told, Trump s campaign has spent more on hats than it has on payroll. In fact, there are allegations going around that Trump is refusing to pay a lot of his campaign staff. The Post s analysis found that the amount of money Trump has spent on hats is nearly three times what they ve spent on payroll. That could be why they act like they can t afford to pay their staff which is just sickening.Add to that the fact that his hats (and other merchandise) are made in China, presumably to cut down on costs, and you have to wonder just how many hats they ve bought and how much they ve earned back.Featured image by Mark Wallheiser via Getty Images",0
4036, WATCH: Joy Behar CRUSHES Newt Gingrich On ‘The View’ For Disrespectful Attack On Megyn Kelly,"Newt Gingrich just got owned by the ladies of  The View. On Tuesday night, the Kelly File host interviewed Trump supporter and former House Speaker Newt Gingrich.As the pair argued about the accuracy of polls that show Donald Trump getting his his ass beat by Hillary Clinton, Kelly pointed out that Trump hasn t exactly been helping himself when it comes to the women s vote due to his comments about groping women and the sexual assault allegations that have been raining down on him ever since.When Kelly suggested that Trump may be a sexual predator, Gingrich exploded and flew into a disrespectful rage against her. I m sick and tired of people like you using language that s inflammatory that s not true!  Gingrich yelled while wagging his finger at Kelly.  When you use the words, you took a position. And I think it s very unfair of you to do that, Megyn! I think that is exactly the bias people are upset by You are fascinated with sex and you don t care about public policy! That s what I get out of watching you tonight! Kelly responded by telling Gingrich that he doth protests too much and then ended the interview by telling him to go deal with his anger issues.Whoopi Goldberg and her co-hosts absolutely loved the way Kelly handled herself and the way she humiliated Gingrich.Candace Cameron Bure said she admired Kelly for standing up to Gingrich, only to then ruin the moment by agreeing with him that the media is biased.Goldberg replied by pointing out that the media took Bill Clinton to task back in the 1990s and that she would love to hear Trump talk about policy if he could ignore every little slight against him long enough to do so.BUre then complained because Trump isn t getting positive coverage from the media, only to get smacked down because Hillary Clinton is talking the way Trump is on the campaign trail.Then Joy Behar chimed in with the praise of the day to save the segment from going down the rabbit hole. Megyn got him, he was bleeding from wherever,  Behar quipped about Gingrich in reference to an attack on Kelly made by Trump early in the primary when he said she has  blood coming out of her wherever  just because she asked him about the many insults about women he has made over the years.  She nailed him, you know what I mean?  Behar continued.  When I watched that, I was like,  Yes! Sara Haines also enjoyed watching Gingrich get his ass handed to him and remarked that Trump only has himself to blame for the way the media is covering him. Jedediah Bila agreed. Newt Gingrich needs to watch The Kelly File, because she is tough on everyone,  Bila said.  She s not somebody who picks favorites, she s somebody in this business who does her job. It s not her fault that Donald Trump has said and done some horrible things   that s Donald Trump s fault. Bila concluded by pointing out that if Trump  were out there talking policy well and articulating policy well, that would be the story but that s not the story because that s not what he is doing. Here s the video via YouTube.Newt Gingrich made a huge mistake attacking Megyn Kelly in the way he did. Because it only solidifies the image that Trump and his supporters have zero respect for women and that image is killing Trump and Republicans as a whole in the polls right now.Featured Image: Screenshot",0
4037, Rudy Giuliani Gives The Most INSANE Reason Why Trump Isn’t A Racist (VIDEO),"The All Lives Matter movement may have just found its new spokesperson. On Wednesday morning, Rudy Giuliani gave everyone who denies racism more reason to be loud in their cause to ignore social justice issues. And unfortunately, Giuliani s words were meant to defend the most racist American of all.The former mayor of New York City went on MSNBC earlier today to argue that Trump couldn t be racist, even though Trump has been supported by white supremacists all over the country and has an ever-growing history of racist behavior. But not only did Giuliani say that Trump is not a racist, he said that NO ONE is a racist   pretty much solidifying that he should never be in any position of power considering he does not understand the current state of America or the basic human rights issues that many Americans are facing today. Giuliani said: Racist? The last thing in the world Donald Trump is is a racist. I ve known him for 28 years. The man likes white people. He likes black people. He likes Hispanic people. He plays golf with them. Giuliani has obviously forgotten the time that Trump called Mexican immigrants drug dealers, immigrants and rapists, or the fact that Trump wouldn t rent apartments to black people in the past   among several other racist things Trump has done over his lifetime. But it gets worse. In an astounding, baffling display of white privilege, Giuliani argued that racism wasn t actually a thing. To say that Donald Trump is a racist is outrageous, and to call anyone a racist is outrageous Then, Giuliani railed against Democratic nominee Hillary Clinton for talking about racism in America and actually treating it as the serious issue that it is. He said: If she thinks we all have implicit bias, Hillary, I got news for you: I don t. Maybe you do. I have no racial guilt. Not a single bit of it. Which is why I m willing to tell the truth about black crime and what has to be done about it. Truly, it s enough to make your brain hurt. Here s a clip of this moron talking:[ad3media campaign= 1240 ]Featured image via Alex Wong / Getty Images",0
4038, Hannity Loses his Sh*t After Social Media POUNDS His Racist Offer To Send Obamas To Africa,"Sean Hannity is a dick and Twitter let him know it.During his radio show on Tuesday, the Fox News host and Trump propagandist had a meltdown because the White House ignored a fake story about President Obama saying he would move to Canada if the Republican nominee wins the election on November 8th.And so, Hannity accused Obama of not making an effort to unite behind Trump if he becomes president and retaliated by offering to send Obama and his family to Africa on condition that they can never come back to America. I ll pay   hang on a second, I m offering   I ll even rent a plane as big as Air Force One. [ ] I have an offer for the president. I will charter a plane for you and your family. I will make sure it s as big a plane as Air Force One, what you have grown accustomed to, in other words. Taxpayer-funded plane. I don t know where I m going to get  Maybe I ll just   Maybe I ll ask Trump if I can charter his plane for Obama. That s what   I will charter Donald Trump s plane if he ll let me, and I will charter it to the country of your choice. You want to go to Canada? I ll pay for you to go to Canada. You want to go to Kenya? I ll pay for you to go to Kenya. Jakarta, where you went to school back in the day, you can go back there. Anywhere you want to go. I m gonna   I ll put the finest food, caviar, champagne, you name it. I have one stipulation: you can t come back. That s fair. Sending black people back to Africa is a racist wet dream and Hannity just endorsed it.Naturally, people were pretty pissed off at Hannity for his level of disrespect toward President Obama.What a vile human being @seanhannity is. Someone should pay him to shut up. cc @Bencjacobs @politico  Arik Hesseldahl (@ahess247) October 26, 2016@seanhannity You just can t help yourself. I m not surprised given your high school education.  Andrew Mastrandonas (@AndrewMinDC) October 26, 2016@seanhannity @Bencjacobs @politico Question : Can we charter a flight for you to go back to what ever racist country you come from?  Eric (@ramseur) October 26, 2016@seanhannity Pres Obama s myriad accomplishments and proud legacy will dwarf your pointless and useless  contributions  in this life. Have a nice day.  Zelda J Pinwheel (@ZeldaJPinwheel) October 26, 2016@seanhannity Y don t U go The US would be a better place without your ignorant blather Obama will be remembered U WON T  rather sail (@onthewater401) October 26, 2016Hannity responded by lashing out. He called journalism  dead,  insulted a bunch a people on his feed, and whined because everyone is against Trump..Unlike @BarackObama I don t have a spokesperson that refuses to say he s not leaving if @realDonaldTrump wins I ll stay and fight win/lose! https://t.co/92pgkEsGmB  Sean Hannity (@seanhannity) October 26, 2016Journalism is DEAD IN AMERICA! pic.twitter.com/50ZBOTvfHy  Sean Hannity (@seanhannity) October 26, 2016I m not a journalist jackass. I m a talk host. https://t.co/fj1ZCsAEL4  Sean Hannity (@seanhannity) October 26, 2016Are u a jackass in real life or just on Twitter? https://t.co/B3TTDSdenP  Sean Hannity (@seanhannity) October 26, 2016A you are a  liberal writer  with 3000 followers who nobody gives a :()$&@@ about. https://t.co/CySWGgqNMk  Sean Hannity (@seanhannity) October 26, 2016Are u really that dumb? I m a talk show host. I am honest about who I am. The media claims to be objective, fair and balanced #Biasedmedia https://t.co/avvFvjEqHQ  Sean Hannity (@seanhannity) October 26, 2016Sean Hannity, like other right-wing talk hosts are the reason why so many conservatives reject facts and refuse to believe what credible media outlets report. Right-wing host Charlie Sykes even admitted in August that people like Hannity have poisoned journalism and that s why we ended up with a toxic presidential candidate like Trump. We ve created this monster, he said. Look, I m a conservative talk show host. All conservative talk show hosts have basically established their brand as being contrasted with the mainstream media. So we have spent 20 years demonizing the liberal mainstream media at a certain point you wake up and you realize you have destroyed the credibility of any credible outlet out there. And I am feeling, to a certain extent, that we are reaping the whirlwind at that. We ve basically eliminated any of the referees, the gatekeepers,  he added.And Sean Hannity is continuing that quest to destroy the credible media so he can spread his fact-free propaganda.Featured Image: Screenshot",0
4039, Trump’s Hollywood Walk Of Fame Star Bashed To Bits With Sledgehammer,"Donald Trump s Hollywood star on the Walk of Fame was utterly destroyed early this morning by a man wielding a sledgehammer and a pick ax.Trump s star has been the site of vandalism before. Earlier this year, a nazi swastika was spray painted on his star and at one point a tiny wall was built around his star. It has also become a popular potty spot for passing dogs and the occasional human. For this reason, the Hollywood Historic Trust even considered removing Trump s star from Hollywood Boulevard altogether.But things went to a new level on Wednesday morning. At approximately 5:45 A.M., a man disguised as a construction worker demolished Trump s star with a sledgehammer and a pick ax.James Otis has taken responsibility for the early morning destruction of Trump s Walk of Fame star. He told Deadline that he had originally planned to remove the star in one piece and take it to New York City to be auctioned off.Otis wanted to sell the star to raise funds for the 11 women who have come forward to accuse the GOP nominee of sexual assault. During a rally last week, Trump vowed that after the election he would sue all the women who have said he assaulted them and called them liars.Although, the LA hotspot is usually packed with tourists, at this particular time of day the site was nearly deserted except for a few bystanders. No police were present at the time of the star s desecration. A cruiser reportedly arrived around 6:15 A.M., but Otis was long gone by then.The Chamber of Commerce has refused to remove Trump s star, despite repeated requests to do so via petitions. At the moment, the tattered remains of Trump s Hollywood star is covered by a small tent. There is no word yet on how the Chamber plans to respond to this latest act of vandalism.Deadline has obtained exclusive video of the star being destroyed, which you can find here.Featured image via video screen capture",0
4040," Helen Mirren BURNS Donald Trump At Women’s Event, And It’s AWESOME","Actress Helen Mirren does not have tolerance for misogynist pigs like Donald Trump. She refuses to put up with it in Hollywood and she definitely doesn t want to put up with it in politics.So during the ELLE Women in Hollywood event in Los Angeles where she was being honored as a legend, Mirren lit into the Republican nominee by informing the audience that she will be the  nastiest of all nasty women,  a clear reference to Trump s disrespectful remark aimed at Hillary Clinton during the third and final debate last week. To make you proud that you chose to honor me tonight, I am going to be the nastiest of all nasty women,  Mirren declared.After giving women several points of advice which included drinking tips and how to have a healthy happy marriage and a career, Mirren took a final shot at Trump by calling on women to  ignore anyone who judges the way you look, especially if he or she is some anonymous miserable creep lurking on the Internet or is a bloated, small-headed dinosaury-handed candidate for President. Oh, snap!Donald Trump is going to lose what s left of his tiny mind when he hears the way Mirren burned him.Throughout his life and this campaign, Trump has hurled sexist insults at women, seeing them as nothing more than sex objects meant to be conquered by men. All of these disgusting remarks and his even more disgusting behavior have come back to haunt him in a big way in this election as over 70 percent of women have an unfavorable view of him and are poised to give Hillary Clinton a historic percentage of the women vote larger than what President Obama received in 2008 and 2012.In fact, if just women voted in this election, Hillary would win by one of the biggest landslides in history.The United States of Women vs. The United States of Menhttps://t.co/F455bP3D8I pic.twitter.com/qjr6zLh640  538 politics (@538politics) October 12, 2016Women need to vote on Election Day no matter what. Because if Donald Trump becomes president he ll treat them like shit just like he has treated any woman he has ever met.Featured image via  Wikimedia",0
4041," Trump Threatens Joe Biden, Says He Would ‘Love’ To Fight ‘Mr. Tough Guy’ (VIDEO)","Republican nominee Donald Trump usually incites violence against his protesters, as well as women and minorities, but last night he went after one of America s most beloved politicians   our current Vice President, Joe Biden!At a Florida rally, Trump threatened Biden because he d dared to criticize Trump s disgusting  locker room talk  and comments about women. Of course, Trump s only answer to anything is violence. Trump shouted: Did you see where Biden wants to take me to the back of the barn? I d love that. I d love that! Mr. Tough Guy. You know, he s Mr. Tough Guy. You know when he s Mr. Tough Guy? When he s standing behind a microphone by himself. And of course, the man-baby then complained that he s going to be held to an unfair standard by saying that: If I said that, they d say he s violent, how could he have done that Trump had been responding to Biden s comments earlier this week, when the Vice President blasted the business mogul s misogynistic behavior and history with women. Biden s exact words had been: I wish we were in high school and I could take him behind the gym. Biden further clarified that remark and made sure that everyone knew that physical violence is not how you handle disagreements when you re an adult:But since Trump barely has the maturity of a high schooler, a brawl is a perfectly reasonable way for him to solve an argument. You can watch Trump challenge Biden below:[ad3media campaign= 1238 ]Featured image via Steve Pope / Getty Images",0
4042, Trump Supporter Threatens Megyn Kelly For Putting Newt Gingrich In His Place,"Newt Gingrich completely disrespected Megyn Kelly, yet she is the one receiving threats because she refused to be treated like shit by an asshole.During her show on Tuesday night, Kelly tried to explain to Gingrich that Trump is getting destroyed in the polls because women do not appreciate his comments about groping women against their will and the fact that several women have come forward to accuse the Republican nominee of sexual assault. If Trump is a sexual predator,  Kelly continued.But Gingrich angrily cut her off and disrespectfully wagged his finger at her while telling her what she can and can t say on her own show. Trump is not a sexual predator! You can t say that!  Gingrich lectured, despite the fact that Kelly pointed out that she wasn t taking a position. But Gingrich continued his tirade and verbally assaulted Kelly. I m sick and tired of people like you using language that s inflammatory that s not true! When you use the words, you took a position. And I think it s very unfair of you to do that, Megyn! I think that is exactly the bias people are upset by. Your defensiveness on this may speak volumes, sir,  Kelly replied. When the interview ended, Kelly told Gingrich to take his anger issues elsewhere to work on them.Here s the video via YouTube.To recap, Gingrich acted like a woman-hating asshole and Kelly was the adult in the room and put him in his place.Well, that didn t sit well with Trump adviser Dan Scavino, who insulted and threatened Kelly via Twitter. Shows she is totally biased against Mr. Trump & not very smart,  Scavino wrote in the first tweet.  Mr. Trump has long known!! .@NewtGingrich just destroyed @MegynKelly. Shows she is totally biased against Mr. Trump & not very smart. Mr. Trump has long known!!  Dan Scavino Jr. (@DanScavino) October 26, 2016And then he cryptically threatened that something would happen to Kelly after the election. Megyn Kelly made a total fool out of herself tonight- attacking Donald Trump,  he wrote.  Watch what happens to her after this election is over. .@MegynKelly made a total fool out of herself tonight- attacking @realDonaldTrump. Watch what happens to her after this election is over.  Dan Scavino Jr. (@DanScavino) October 26, 2016It sounds like Scavino just threatened violence against a woman, which is totally in conflict with his position as director of development at the Joe Torre Safe at Home Foundation, which is dedicated to ending domestic violence. If Scavino is still working at this foundation, he should lose his job immediately. Because making threats against a woman is deplorable.Featured image via screenshot",0
4043, The FBI Just Received A Voter Suppression Complaint That Will TERRIFY Trump,"The FBI has actually received a voter suppression complaint, but not against Hillary and the Democrats despite Trump s insistence that she s rigging the entire election. No this complaint was filed against Trump himself, and targets his dangerous requests that his followers monitor polling places on Election Day.The complaint comes from the Democratic Coalition Against Trump, and a memo on the complaint specifically states: Over the weekend, the Democratic Coalition Against Trump filed complaints against Donald Trump with the United States Department of Justice Civil Rights Division and with the FBI Public Corruption Unit for violations of the Voting Rights Act of 1965, which guarantees the right to vote for all citizens. The complaints were filed as a reaction to Donald Trump s call for his supporters to go out and  watch the polls,  which will prevent citizens from exercising their right to vote. Trump has repeatedly called for his followers to act as poll watchers to ensure that no in-person voter fraud happens (which is almost non-existent). One man even said that he was planning on engaging in racial profiling for the purpose of intimidating anyone who didn t  look  American (read: anyone who appeared to be Mexican or Syrian). His hope seems to be to weed out people who aren t allowed to vote by making them nervous.Scott Dworkin, who wrote the memo, went on to copy the words of the DCAT s complaint, which not only went to the FBI, but also went to the Department of Justice: This complaint is against Donald Trump and his campaign for voter intimidation and suppression nationally.  Trump has encouraged his supporters to  go over and watch  polling places, the implication being to instill fear specifically to minority communities in the inner cities.By encouraging his supporters to go out and watch polling places, Donald Trump is violating the Voting Rights Act of 1965. Dworkin details out how violence at Trump s rallies could be enough to frighten minority voters away from polling places if they know the same violent, racist bigots will be lurking. Nobody wants to try and cast a vote with someone who hates them standing over their shoulders.Dworkin also cites Section 11(b) of the Voting Rights Act, which states that nobody, regardless of their purpose, is allowed to try and threaten, intimidate, or coerce anybody trying to cast a ballot. Trump s so-called  poll watchers  will do exactly that, which is what Dworkin is worried about.The FBI and DOJ know what Trump says at his rallies. He s claimed that Hillary has undocumented immigrants coming in specifically to vote for her; he s claimed that polls should be carefully watched so nobody votes twice, and everyone attempting to vote is legally allowed to vote, and he screams repeatedly that the election will be rigged against him.So it s not like the DCAT is grasping at straws, trying to draw a picture that doesn t exist. It does. And Trump should be terrified of it. Read the full complaint below:Dcat FBI Vra Memo by Grant Stern on Scribd If you witness or experience any type of voter suppression or intimidation when you go to vote, call this number: 1-866-OUR-VOTE. Let Trump and his minions know that this kind of cheating will not be tolerated.Featured image by Mark Makela via Getty Images",0
4044, Megyn Kelly Called Trump A ‘Predator’; What Newt Gingrich Said Next Was DISGUSTING (VIDEO),"It s Fox News, but that doesn t mean that everyone is blindly following Donald Trump. Anchor Megyn Kelly fell off the Trump train right about the time of the first Republican presidential debate of the season, after which Trump accused Kelly of having  blood coming out of her eyes, blood coming out of her wherever,  all because she dared ask about Trump s history of sexism.It s been more than a year since that debate, and in that time, Trump the sexist has come front and center, especially after Trump was caught on a hot mic, saying that he likes to grab women  by the pussy,  and to confirm Trump s own words, nearly a dozen women are now accusing the self-described billionaire of sexual misconduct.Kelly, when interviewing Trump surrogate Newt Gingrich, suggested that Trump is a  sexual predator.  At that point, the interview went off the rails. Gingrich became very angry and said to Kelly,Kelly responded in the best way possible,  I m not fascinated by sex, but I am fascinated by the protection of women and what we are getting in the oval office. Every woman knows that when a man tells a woman she s  fascinated by sex,  he s not saying it in a way that means she d be welcome in Trump s locker room   not at all. When a man tells a woman she s  fascinated by sex,  especially in an argumentative context, he s calling her a whore. While that statement might not have the same bite in 2016 that it might have had when Gingrich was young, the intent is there. Gingrich is trying to discredit Kelly in the exact same way that Trump is trying to discredit his alleged victims. A woman liking sex is still used as a defense in rape trials. While men grabbing pussy, or talking about grabbing pussy, is just boys being boys. Women talking about sex is taboo and any woman who dares talk about sex deserve whatever they have coming to them.Believe it or not, that exchange was the most rational part. In the now familiar Trump tactic of  I know you are but what am I,  Gingrich went on to call Bill Clinton a  sexual predator.  He even tried subtly bullying Kelly into  say(ing) the words,  Bill Clinton sexual predator.' Kelly went on to say that on her show, they ve covered the Bill Clinton story and that she s interviewed Kathleen Willey, who has accused Clinton of rape (an accusation for which a grand jury found insufficient evidence).Here s the video:Gingrich has a grudge against Clinton, to be sure. If you recall, the former Speaker of the House was one of architects of the Clinton impeachment, which only served to boost Clinton s popularity while it seriously hurt Congress s.Ironically, Gingrich and the other two Speakers who presided during the impeachment investigation and trials, were all sexual predators. Dennis Hastert molested boys while a wrestling coach in Illinois and Bob Livingston had a string of affairs. Gingrich was cheating on his second wife. Before that, though, Gingrich earned the title of sexual predator, at least that s what he s accused of:One former aide describes approaching a car with Gingrich s daughters in hand, only to find the candidate with a woman, her head buried in his lap. The aide quickly turned and led the girls away. Another former friend maintains that Gingrich repeatedly made sexual advances to her when her husband was out of town. On one occasion, he visited under the guise of comforting her after the death of a relative, and instead tried to seduce her. In certain circles in the mid-1970s, Gingrich was developing a reputation as a ladies  man.Source: SalonOh, and he also served his first wife her divorce papers while she was recovering from cancer surgery. Yes, he and Trump are a perfect match.",0
4045, The Backstreet Boys Send Harsh Message To Trump For His Use Of Their Song (DETAILS),"If you ve at all been watching the news coverage of Donald Trump rallies lately, you ve likely noticed the use of an upbeat pop song from the late 1990s. For some reason or another, the Trump campaign is using the Backstreet Boys  I Want It That Way. Well, guess what? Just like with pretty much every other artist that has asked Trump to stop using their music, so are the Backstreet Boys. They don t want to be associated, whatsoever, with his campaign.According to Steven Trachtenbroit, a publicist for the group: [The Backstreet Boys] did not approve this and we are not associated with the Trump camp. That statement was issued on October 12th. Yet, the Trump campaign can still be heard playing that song at rallies. It s become pretty obvious that Trump has no respect for the music he s using nor the artists who created it. This pretty much keeps in line with his inability to honor contracts and respect, well, anyone.When music is used, it gives the implication that the artist and musicians that created the music approve of the message being delivered by any particular candidate.You ll often hear Hillary Clinton use Katy Perry or Sara Bareilles, but they have both openly come out in support of Hillary, and clearly don t have a problem with the former Secretary of State utilizing their songs.Unfortunately for Trump, he s pretty much left with the music of Kid Rock and Ted Nugent if he wants to find music to play at his rallies.It comes down to asking permission and/or when asked to stop using music, to actually stop using the music. Trump is so quick to sue, but doesn t seem to think the same rules apply to him. This is yet another reason he needs to be kept as far away from the White House as possible.Featured Photo by Ethan Miller, Joe Raedle/Getty Images",0
4046, Richard Branson: Trump Came To Me Broke And Vowing Revenge On Those Who Wouldn’t Give Him Money,"We all know Trump is vindictive. If he wasn t, he wouldn t be threatening lawsuits against everyone under the sun, and promising to change libel laws so it s easier to sue media outlets that dare to report bad things about him (even if they re true). At a private lunch, years ago, when Richard Branson was expecting to just talk with Trump about whatever over lunch, it turned out that all Trump could talk about was his bankrupt companies and the people who d refused to help him financially.In an interview on CNN, Branson flat-out said: It was just the two of us. I was expecting an interesting lunch talking about various things in the world.And instead I got a lunch where all he talked about was his bankrupt companies. Then Trump said that he d tried to get help from five different people, all of whom had told him, more or less, to go fuck himself. Branson then said what Trump had planned for those people: And then he spent the rest of this lunch telling me how he was going to spend the rest of his life destroying those five people. He s also hell bent on destroying any press outlets, like The New York Times, that won t make him look good. And he s obsessed with destroying the women who have accused him of sexual assault, because they aren t helping him either.Maybe Trump had lunch with Branson because he was hoping Branson would help him out financially? Branson is only the 288th wealthiest person in the world, but Trump is 335th, according to Forbes. That s this year. Several years ago, when this lunch took place, Trump may have been in considerably worse shape. Certainly his companies were in terrible shape.Branson went on to say that Trump s vindictive nature is dangerous for America. In fact, he couldn t believe that such a vengeful and petty man would even get this far in a presidential election. He s hoping he can get through to people who think Trump is wonderful, and will be good for America and the world.Trump is not a good man.Photo of Richard Branson by Mike Coppola via Getty Images for Tribeca Film Festival. Photo of Trump by Joe Raedle via Getty Images ",0
4047, ‘I Don’t Rent To N*****s’: Smoking Gun Proves Trump Family Racism (VIDEO),"New video has surfaced adding to the mountain of evidence that while working alongside his father, Fred Trump, young Donald Trump was part of a real estate business that discriminated against minority applicants.As part of an investigation by NBC News, Stanley Leibowitz, who worked as a rental agent for the Trump Organization, told the news network that he personally witnessed the elder Trump explicitly lay out a racist policy for their apartment properties.In the interview, Leibowitz said that Trump told him  I don t rent to the n-word,  and indicates that Trump made this statement with Donald Trump in the room and that the younger Trump affirmed the policy.The revelation comes at the same time that the Clinton campaign has released a video highlighting Trump s run-in with the federal government over discrimination.Undercover investigators were sent to Trump properties, and there they repeatedly ran into a policy where black applicants with identical financial backgrounds to white applicants were systematically denied housing. The white applicants were allowed into the Trump properties.One bit of testimony determined that Trump property managers indicated applications from blacks by putting a  C  on the documents for  colored,  and that was a sign that they should be denied.The Trumps denied the allegation, but later settled with the government over the policy without admitting wrongdoing.Donald Trump s involvement with his father s business is key to the entire story of his rise to prominence in the real estate world and the media, as is his father s $14 million dollars that he gave to Trump to start his business. But if you accept that, the Trump Organization s history of racial discrimination and the legal entanglements that come with that are also part of the story, and no matter how Trump may try to wave it away   it s still there.Featured image via screen capture",0
4048," Trump Freaks Out, Talks ‘World War Three’ (VIDEO)","Donald Trump, increasingly desperate as the election begins to slip away, has begun simply making up nightmare scenarios that he claims would occur if Hillary Clinton wins the upcoming presidential election. Speaking to Reuters, Trump said Clinton  has no plan for Syria  and  with her you ll end up in World War Three.  He went on to claim that the former Secretary of State  doesn t know what she s doing  and would be unprepared to lead if elected President.Yet despite Trump s criticism, he is the one who has been on record during the entirety of the campaign expressing extreme views about national security and foreign policy. Declaring that he  loves  war, Trump has promised to  bomb the hell  out of ISIS, torture America s enemies (even though experts say that increases danger and terrorism), and vowed to commit war crimes by killing the families of terrorists.As a result, Trump has seen an unprecedented backlash against his campaign. Many foreign policy experts who served under previous Republican presidents   George W. Bush, Ronald Reagan and George H.W. Bush   now back Clinton and oppose Trump, because they believe he would be an erratic leader with access to America s gigantic nuclear arsenal and military.For her part, Hillary Clinton and President Barack Obama have repeatedly made clear that with their experience in proximity to major crises that Trump would not have the mettle to make calm and level headed decisions. Clinton has cited Trump s habit of making Twitter tirades at three o clock in the morning as evidence that he has disqualified himself.Arguing without merit that Clinton would trigger World War III while polling shows that Trump at best has between a 9% to 15% chance at winning enough electoral votes to become President will not help the negative perceptions held about him amongst the public at large.Featured image via screen capture",0
4049," AUDIO: Hannity Has RACIST Meltdown, Wants To Send President Obama And His Family Back To Africa","Nobody would have ever said this about any of our previous presidents. Nobody.But because President Obama and his family are black, Fox News host Sean Hannity is trying to get in as much hateful racist talk as possible before the Obamas leave the White House in January.And when President Obama leaves office, Hannity is offering to arrange for a one-way trip to Kenya for him and his family in response to a non-response the White House had to a satirical article claiming that Obama wants to move to Canada if Donald Trump wins the election on November 8th. Remember how Democrats insisted last week that we all need to be united behind whoever wins the election?  Hannity began.  Well, I guess that only applies if Donald Trump loses because apparently the president cannot bring himself to say that he ll unite behind the Trump presidency. Hannity talked about how  a White House aide failed to deny rumors that President Barack Obama was planning to leave the United States if Trump wins the election,  and then offered to send President Obama, First Lady Michelle Obama, and their two daughters to Africa as long as they don t come back. I ll pay   hang on a second, I m offering   I ll even rent a plane as big as Air Force One. [ ] I have an offer for the president. I will charter a plane for you and your family. I will make sure it s as big a plane as Air Force One, what you have grown accustomed to, in other words. Taxpayer-funded plane. I don t know where I m going to get  Maybe I ll just   Maybe I ll ask Trump if I can charter his plane for Obama. That s what   I will charter Donald Trump s plane if he ll let me, and I will charter it to the country of your choice. You want to go to Canada? I ll pay for you to go to Canada. You want to go to Kenya? I ll pay for you to go to Kenya. Jakarta, where you went to school back in the day, you can go back there. Anywhere you want to go. I m gonna   I ll put the finest food, caviar, champagne, you name it. I have one stipulation: you can t come back. That s fair. Here s the audio via YouTube.First of all, President Obama has already stated that he will peacefully transfer the presidency to Donald Trump in January should he actually win on Election Day. In fact, President Obama will even attend the inauguration.Second, every president in the modern era has had full use of Air Force One no matter where they go during their presidency. And it has always been taxpayer funded. Even when George W. Bush and Ronald Reagan took those 880 days of vacation during their presidencies combined while President Obama has only taken 217 days of vacation. So if Hannity wants to pretend that President Obama is somehow freeloading off of the taxpayers by using Air Force One, he should probably get all of the facts first.Furthermore, President Obama was NOT born in Kenya. His father was, but President Obama was born in Hawaii to an American mother and is a natural-born American citizen. His wife Michelle and their daughters were also born in the United States.Hannity s offer is disrespectful and hearkens back to a time when racists wanted to send blacks back to Africa just to keep America white.Fox News should be embarrassed that this jackass is still on their payroll, much less on their airwaves.Featured Image: Screenshot",0
4050, Alt-righter Gives DISGUSTING Reason Why ‘White Baby Boom’ Will Happen Under President Trump (TWEETS),"Matt Forney has an awfully disturbing prediction for what might happen as a result of Republican nominee Donald Trump running for office, and it shows just how devastatingly stupid and delusional conservatives are.Forney is an alt-right radio host who recently predicted that there s going to be what he calls a  white baby boom  after the election is over, because apparently  women are having sex dreams  about Trump. On Monday, Forney sent out a tweet that made fun of something Cosmopolitan writer Laura Beck had said when she explained that Trump s sexual assault allegations and lewd commentry about groping women had been impacting her sex life  something that many women in America can relate to at this very moment. On one hand, the thought of being touched by my husband, a man, after spending day upon never-ending day listening to Donald Trump s sexually assaultive language, is not a pleasant one. On the other, we are both so obsessed with the election that our combined anxiety is killing our sex drives. Forney decided to make the pain of American women a complete mockery when he said: I fully endorse shitlibs not having sex due to Trump, it makes them less likely to breed. TwitterForney then followed that tweet up by saying that women were actually aroused by Trump s misogynistic campaign! He wrote: [I]n my experience though, the majority of white women are having sex dreams about Trump, expect a white baby boom after he takes office. TwitterFortunately, Twitter users were more than happy to jump on Forney and set him straight.TwitterTwitterTwitterTwitterTwitterTwitterTo suggest that women are actually INTO a disgusting man that has degraded, assaulted and insulted them over his entire lifetime is absolutely repulsive. This election, every woman needs to get out and vote to shut this moron down!Featured image via Twitter and Scott Olson / Getty Images",0
4051, Trump’s ‘Condolences’ To Grieving Star Were ALL About Wanting To F*ck Her,"Trump has no compassion, and he has no empathy. He only focuses on himself, which is proven with a blog post of supposed  condolences,  to Hollywood star Kelly Preston after her son died from a seizure in 2009. His mind is so warped he couldn t even say,  I m sorry for your loss,  without first going into detail about how he tried to get Preston into his bed, along with bragging about his  outstanding record  on bedding beautiful women: A long time ago, before I was married, I met Kelly Preston at a club and worked like hell to try and pick her up. She was beautiful, personable, and definitely had allure. At the time I had no idea she was married to John Travolta.In any event, my track record on this subject has always been outstanding, but Kelly wouldn t give me the time of day. She was very nice, very elegant, but I didn t have a chance with her, and that was that. Seriously. That was the first thing he said in the he dedicated to her on Trump U. s site. Only when he was done talking about trying to have sex with her, and how great he is at getting women to have sex with him, did he finally get around to actually saying what ought to be said in such letters: When I later found out she was married to John, I liked and respected her even more. Some people have values that matter to them, and she is one of them. Her loyalty was unwavering and I have always remembered that about her.Being true to someone is very close to being true to yourself. That s a valuable attribute in today s world. I m sure she was a wonderful mother to Jett and my thoughts are with her and her family after their terrible loss. He could have left  When I later found out she was married to John,  out, along with the sheer insensitivity that was the first two paragraphs, but his ego wouldn t let him. He should have simply said that he knew, liked and respected her as someone who was true to her values, and he was sorry for her terrible loss. The fact that he couldn t is yet another a clear window into the way he thinks about women.Of course, ever since the  Access Hollywood  tape came out, we ve all been more acutely aware than ever that Trump is nothing more than a womanizing sexual predator who believes he s entitled to the, ahem, company of beautiful women. Any remaining delusion any sane person had that this man-boy actually has a heart, though, is now destroyed.This man-child is a piece of primordial slime through to his core.Featured image by Joe Raedle via Getty Images",0
4052, WATCH: Texas Judge Leaves Republican Party In EPIC Video Ripping Trump And GOP,"Donald Trump s vitriol and sexism just made a Texas judge leave the Republican Party, and she announced her departure on video.The exodus from the GOP continues as yet another Republican has decided to jump off the sinking ship that Republican leaders nominated Trump to helm.Judge Lauren Parish announced and explained her decision while seated in her seat at the 115th Judicial District Court, where she works. It is with a heavy heart that I have watched as the Republican nominee for president has made a mockery of our country and our citizenry,  she began. I have watched in horror as he has disavowed our military heroes, made fun of the disabled, divided our country along racial, religious and gender lines, mocked the judicial branch of government, expounded untruth after untruth, promoted violence and disrespect, boasted about sexual assault against women, and made vitriol the platform of his campaign.In short, my family values, my Christian value, my core beliefs have been disenfranchised by my party s nominee for president. Therefore, after much thought and deliberation I have decided that it would violate my conscience to continue to be a member of the Republican Party. Parish explained that she has seen Trump s hate and incivility trickle into local politics and she is sick of it. Quite frankly, I can no longer be affiliated with a party that could tolerate such antagonism and hatred,  Parish continued.  I can no longer sit idly by while this abhorrent disease continues to infect what was once a respectable and honorable political party of the past. The Grand Old Party of Lincoln no longer exists today. Parish explained that she was taught to love her neighbor and to build people up instead of tearing them down. And she refuses to sacrifice her values and beliefs just because the Republican Party is abandoning their own. I announce today that the current national Republican Party has abandoned all the principles instilled in me by my parents, my church and my community. As a result, I can no longer tolerate being affiliated with the current Republican Party. I see no way of reconciling my Christian beliefs with the manner in which the national Republican party is conducting itself. As of today, I am resigning my affiliation with the Republican Party. Here s the video via YouTube.[ad3media campaign= 1235 ]The reality that Republicans are leaving the party in Texas is huge because the state has slowly become a battleground state since Trump won the nomination. The race there is so tight, in fact, that Hillary Clinton is only down by three points. So Texas could very well be in play, and it s because moderate Republicans can no longer stomach Trump being the leader of their party.Featured image via screen capture from embedded video ",0
4053, Hillary Just Secured The Most Important GOP #NeverTrump Endorsement YET,"Colin Powell is a Republican, but he voted for our beloved President Obama twice, and now he is again angering the nutty wing of his party by refusing to stand by the disgraceful 2016 GOP nominee that is Donald Trump. He s gone even further than that, though, and has endorsed Democratic nominee Hillary Clinton.Now, considering Powell s voting habits of the last eight years, one could argue that he is just a RINO at this point (Republican In Name Only). But, we must remember   he was Secretary of State under President George W. Bush. You don t get much more traditionally Republican than that. On the other hand, he is a smart, reasonable human being who loves his country and has served it proudly in a prestigious and celebrated military career, rising all the way up the ranks to become a General in the United States Army.Powell s revelation comes after leaked emails revealed that he views Donald Trump as a  national disgrace.  To that end, one would expect that General Powell would want nothing to do with today s version of the party he has been a proud member of for so long.This is the biggest blow yet to Donald Trump and the GOP writ large, considering how respected Colin Powell is in this great nation, regardless of party affiliations or political leanings. This is especially powerful considering that we are now exactly two weeks from Election Day. This is a great sign that Americans will do the right thing, and to reject the bigotry, misogyny, and demagoguery that is Donald Trump.As for the Republican-elected officials that continue to stand behind Trump   shame on you. You know in your heart of hearts that the last place that orange buffoon belongs is anywhere near the Oval Office, and yet you continue to do all you can to put him there.Featured image via Hillary Clinton s Instagram",0
4054, BUSTED: Wisconsin Clerk Gets Caught Trying To Rig The Election For Trump,"Donald Trump keeps claiming that the election is rigged. Well, he s right, only it s the Republicans who are doing the rigging.Wisconsin has one of the most restrictive voting laws in the nation, which Republicans have bragged would hurt Hillary Clinton in the state.The courts have ordered clerks to set up more polling locations to cut down on voting time and the long lines that plagued the state primary. But Green Bay city clerk Kris Teske, who was appointed by Republican mayor and Scott Walker stooge, Jim Schmitt, tried to get around both the court order and a request from Democratic State Rep. Eric Genrich to put a polling location near the University of Wisconsin-Green Bay to make it easier for students to vote.Teske wrote an email to the Wisconsin Ethics Commission in an effort to get out of doing so, arguing that not only would it cost money and require resources, but it would help Democrats in the upcoming election on November 8th. I don t like the idea at all for many reasons: Staffing, ballot security, budget, etc.,  she began. I was reading the statutes and read: No site may be designated that affords an advantage to any political party. UWGB is a polling location for students and residents on Election Day but I feel by asking for this to be the site for early voting is encouraging the students to vote more than benefiting the city as a whole. I have heard it said that students lean more toward the democrats and he is a democrat. I have spoken with our Chief of Staff and others at City Hall and they agree that budget wise this isn t going to happen. I would like to know your thoughts on this. Do I have an argument about it being more of a benefit to the democrats. Teske literally just argued for not setting up an additional polling place for students because she thinks they lean more toward voting for Democrats.That s the textbook definition of voter suppression and election rigging.Just imagine if a city clerk decided that churches can t be polling places because religious people lean more toward voting for Republicans. Or that we can t put polling places in rural areas because rural areas lean Republican. Republicans would be crying foul and throwing a temper tantrum over it.Kris Teske should be removed from her position immediately if a polling location is not placed where Rep. Genrich requested. Whether or not more students voting benefits Democrats is beside the point and that shouldn t be the position of a nonpartisan city clerk,  Genrich told The Nation.  I don t know what Kris s politics are, but it s really unfortunate to see her echoing the sentiments of Republicans in Wisconsin, who have been making it really difficult for citizens to vote in this state. We should be working hard to make sure everyone gets to vote in this country. Anything less should be considered criminal.Featured Image: Ethan Miller via Getty Images",0
4055, WATCH: Racist Fox Host Celebrates The ‘Good News’ That Black Votes Are Down (VIDEO),"After watching their Republican nominee insult nearly every minority living in America, conservatives know just how dangerous the non-white vote is in this election. As minorities make up more and more of the general population, Donald Trump has put the Republican Party at an incredible disadvantage with his divisive, racist rhetoric.So when Fox News host Bill Hemmer celebrated some interesting news on Tuesday, it became more obvious than ever that the GOP considers the minority vote a major threat to the future of its party. Fox News host Bill Hemmer actually said that he had  good news  in Ohio, which was that more white people were voting in the state and the black share of the vote is down. At this point in the election, when Democratic nominee Hillary Clinton is beating Donald Trump by a landslide, Republicans are grasping at straws and desperately trying to find the silver lining in anything they possibly can. Hemmer said to RNC Communications Director Sean Spicer: I m looking at early voting. You have good news in Ohio, white share of the vote is up 3 points from four years ago, black share of the vote is down 7. Spicer seemed just as giddy about this news, and also noted that the Republican Party was leading in absentee ballots. He echoed Hemmer s excitement when he said,  Our people are coming out. You can watch this despicable exchange below, in which two white men celebrate the fact that their data shows racists having the upper hand:[ad3media campaign= 1234 ]Republicans are going to be awfully disappointed at the end of this election, and November 8th can t come soon enough. Despite what conservatives want to believe, America isn t nearly as white as it used to be, and minority voters have great power now. It could very well be that minority voters save white people from making the biggest mistake of their lives   letting Trump get into the White House.",0
4056, WATCH: President Obama ZINGS The Hell Out Of Trump On Jimmy Kimmel,"One of the more popular segments on  Jimmy Kimmel Live  is  Celebrities Read Mean Tweets.  Sometimes Kimmel runs special editions, like sports editions, film editions, creator editions, and more. Last night, Kimmel had President Obama on his show to read mean tweets   the second time that Obama has done that. Most of the tweets are pretty standard, vanilla hate, right up until the end, when he gets to a tweet from none other than one Donald J. Trump.Trump takes potshots at Obama all the time on Twitter   that s nothing new. His Twitter feed is a cesspool of self-congratulations, pseudo-gratitude for his loyal subjects, and insults at everyone who bothers him. The tweet that Obama read said: President Obama will go down as perhaps the worst president in the history of the United States! It was Obama, though, who got the last laugh on that one with a truth that the Donald will never acknowledge: Really? Well, @realDonaldTrump, at least I will go down as a president. Bam! Right in Trump s bright orange face! That s one thing that Obama will always have that Trump is less and less likely to ever get. His zinger is at the end of the video below:[ad3media campaign= 1231 ]Featured image via screen capture from embedded video",0
4057, Obama Says Blame The Donald: Trump Is Such An A**hole That Michelle HAD To Hit The Campaign Trail,"Michelle Obama is arguably the strongest weapon Hillary Clinton s campaign has when it comes to fighting Donald Trump. And according to President Obama, the GOP nominee has no one but himself to thank for her presence on the campaign trail.Speaking at a fundraiser for Clinton in California on Monday, Obama said there is one force driving the first lady to fight tooth and nail for Clinton: The possibility of a Trump presidency. Some of you may be aware of the fact that Michelle does not really love politics,  Obama said.  But the passion that she s brought to campaigning this time speaks to the degree that this election is different, the choice is different. Obama said that when he was running against Sen. john McCain in 2008 and Mitt Romney in 2012, he disagreed with them about many, many things. But despite that, he still considered them to be  honorable people. I wasn t concerned about the Republic if they had won,  Obama said.  And so part of the reason Michelle is working the way she is, is because she understands, as I understand, that some more fundamental values are at stake in this election. It has to do with our basic standards of decency   how do we treat people. The president said that for the FLOTUS, the choices we are faced with in the 2016 election can be boiled down to this: Do we treat people who are of a different faith as part of the fabric of America, or do we label them as something foreign, not a  real American,  and thereby subject to different standards when it comes to how our laws apply? And this:  Do we think of women as equal and full citizens, capable of doing anything, or do we think of them as objects of either scorn or lust or our own satisfactions? Do we think that government is something serious, that we have an obligation to make sure that to the best of our abilities we leave the country a little bit better off than how we found it, or do we think that it s an infomercial or a reality TV show,  Obama continued.All of this has made one thing very clear to the first lady:  Michelle s conclusion is, is that we can t have [Trump] in the Oval Office,  Obama said.Featured image via Olivier Douliery-Pool/Getty Images",0
4058, Trump In For TREMENDOUS Shock If He Thinks He Can Just Refuse To Accept Election Night Loss,"Trump has been very clear for the last week or so   he will not accept the results of Election Night if he s not the winner. He even said at a rally in Ohio: I would like to promise and pledge, to all of my voters and supporters and to all of the people of the United States, that I will totally accept the results of this great and historic presidential election   if I win. He also told Chris Wallace, the moderator of the final presidential debate, that he will keep us all in suspense until Election Night is over. And he s made noises about contesting the results if Hillary wins, presumably because there s no way  Crooked Hillary  could win in his world.He s in for a shocker, though. Election law doesn t really allow a candidate to just contest election results because he s butthurt over losing. We have 43 states that allow losing candidates to call for recounts, and half of those have  trigger margins,  where a recount is automatically triggered when the vote is within those margins.They re typically very narrow, though. If Trump is hoping that automatic recounts will be triggered in some of the battleground states, he will probably be badly disappointed. If he thinks he can just say,  I don t like the results in that state, please recount,  because he thinks that s what Al Gore did in 2000, he s got another think coming. Despite that, he s actually said: If Al Gore and George Bush had agreed three weeks before the election to concede the results and waive their right to a legal challenge or a recount, then there would be no Supreme Court case. I m being asked to waive centuries of legal precedent designed to protect the voters. The truth there is that Florida s results were so close that their automatic recount was triggered. That, in turn, led to the longest, most annoying dramatic presidential election imaginable.Electoral votes are sent on to the Senate for certification in early January, and then the Senate President, who s actually Joe Biden, signs off. It s not likely that very many in Congress will want to help draw out Trump s drama if the election s results are clear in their view (which very well could be different from  clear  in Trump s view).Trump has taken a ton of flak for his cries of  RIGGED!  and for his statements that he might not accept the results if he loses. That could be true even if he loses bigly, despite his claims of being willing to accept a clear result. He ll no doubt make noises about sending investigators to all the battleground states that went to Hillary to check for the widespread fraud he ll be sure gave her the win. He won t concede, which many don t like. Even Sen. John McCain, who lost to Obama in 2008 and had to swallow that loss and give a concession speech, says: I had a duty to concede, and I did so without reluctance. A concession isn t just an exercise in graciousness. It is an act of respect for the will of the American people, a respect that is every American leader s first responsibility. Trump isn t a leader, though. He s a narcissistic toddler who plans on screaming and crying and stomping his feet in front of all of America on Nov. 8 if he loses. He ll have so much fun watching Paul Ryan, possibly alongside Mitch McConnell, give his concession speech for him.Featured image by Mark Makela via Getty Images",0
4059, This Writer HILARIOUSLY Pranked Trump After Tricking The GOP Candidate Into Following Him (TWEETS),"Hillary Clinton often talks about how Donald Trump can be baited with a tweet, and thus he s ill-suited to be President of the United States because he can t be trusted with his Twitter account, let alone the nuclear codes.One Twitter user just tested this theory, and the results were absolutely hilarious.Eric Curtin, otherwise known as  @dubsteps4dads  on Twitter, is a self-described  writer for things  and to the rest of us, he s a f*cking genius.He recently tweeted out this series of images that shows his brilliant level of trolling. And who did he troll? None other than Republican presidential nominee, Donald J. Trump.Trump doesn t follow many people at all on Twitter, but when Curtin tweeted @realDonaldTrump   follow me back so I can DM i have important info about hillary  the GOP nominee quickly took the bait and followed him back.What happened next is pure comedy genius.First, came the initial invitation to Trump:Then came the follow by Trump:Followed by the direct message to Trump: Then the immediate block by Trump:Curtin then tweeted out a wrap-up of all that transpired with the simple caption: life comes at you fast. life comes at you fast pic.twitter.com/eh48IXb3nP  spooky turtle (@dubstep4dads) October 23, 2016I don t know about you, but that s pretty damn hilarious. Not only that, it proves Hillary correct that Trump can very easily be baited with a tweet. He s also apparently extremely desperate for dirt on Hillary because he followed back a random Twitter account.This is yet another reason Trump can t be allowed anywhere near the Oval Office.Featured Photo by Scott Olson, Frederick M. Brown/Getty Images   Twitter",0
4060," Elizabeth Warren SHREDS Trump With Call To ‘Nasty Women’ Everywhere, And It’s F**king AMAZING (VIDEO)","While campaigning for Hillary Clinton in New Hampshire on Monday, Elizabeth Warren just did what she does best, pulverize Donald Trump and his abusive rhetoric and actions. She went directly for the jugular and attacked his  nasty woman  comment from the last presidential debate, as well as his clear disrespect for women.Warren lays it all out there and tells the crowd: Donald Trump disrespects, aggressively disrespects, more than half the human beings in this country. He thinks because he has money that he can call women fat pigs and bimbos. He thinks because he is a celebrity he can rate women s bodies from one to ten. He thinks that because he has a mouth full of Tic Tacs that he can force himself on any woman within groping distance.I got news for you, Donald Trump. Women have had it with guys like you. And nasty women have really had it with guys like you.Get this, Donald, Nasty women, are tough. Nasty women are smart, and nasty women vote. And on November 8th, we nasty women are going to march our nasty feet to cast our nasty votes to get you out of our lives forever. This received uproarious applause and was a sure sign  nasty women  everywhere are about to make sure Donald Trump gets nowhere near the Oval Office.Watch Warren shred Trump and ignite  nasty women  everywhere to get out and vote: Elizabeth Warren to Trump:  We nasty women are going to march our nasty feet to cast our nasty votes to get you out of our lives forever!  pic.twitter.com/epCA13EZfo  Bradd Jaffy (@BraddJaffy) October 24, 2016Featured image via video screen capture",0
4061, Scumbag Gets ONLY 10 Days In Jail For Trying To Murder A Woman When She Refused To Have Sex With Him,"These kinds of slaps on the wrist should get judges fired. Period.Wesley Dylan Marshall is probably only going to serve 75 percent of a ridiculous 10 day jail sentence for what he did to a 19-year-old woman this past July.During a stay at the Church Hill Motel with the woman and another man, Marshall became angry and assaulted the woman by literally throwing her off the side of a balcony two stories high because she consented to having sex with the other man and not him in celebration of her birthday.According to the Kingsport Times-News,Aside from the jail time and anger management classes, Marshall was sentenced to 11 months and 29 days of probation, ordered to serve 96 hours of community service, issued fines and fees totaling $1,237 and ordered to have no contact with the victim.It all adds up to yet another light sentence for a white guy who committed violence against a woman, proving once again that the judicial system and the law does not go far enough to protect women from assholes like Marshall.Judges across the country have disgraced themselves by sentencing rapists and abusers to light sentences.In June, Judge Aaron Persky sentenced rapist Brock Turner to only six months in jail, igniting a firestorm of criticism.In August, Colorado Judge Patrick Butler gave a rapist ZERO prison time.A Massachusetts judge did the same thing during the same month and even gave the perpetrator permission to serve his probation in another state so he can attend college.And a Montana judge is facing impeachment for sentencing a man to just 60 days in jail for raping his own daughter.This latest sentencing in Tennessee is just adding to the pattern.Clearly, there are far too many judges in this country who have a frat boy attitude about the way white guys treat women and it s only getting worse.Featured Image: Raw Story",0
4062, Eric Trump: My Dad ‘Has Carried The Weight Of This Country For The Last 18 Months’ (VIDEO),"Eric Trump, the son of the GOP presidential nominee, told George Stephanopoulos on ABC This Week that his father  has carried the weight of this country for the last 18 months.  Donald is so brave to do that for America and for freedom. Except, he certainly hasn t carried the weight of this country for minorities, the LGBTQ community, veterans, the handicapped and women. In fact, everything Donald has done during the last 18 months has been for Donald.Conspiracy theorist Donald Trump took to his Twitter account today to say that,  Major story that the Dems are making up phony polls in order to suppress the the Trump . We are going to WIN! Major story that the Dems are making up phony polls in order to suppress the the Trump . We are going to WIN!  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) October 24, 2016Stephanopoulos brought up Donald s sinking poll numbers to Eric. The polling average shows about a 7 to 8 .,  the ABC host said.Eric said,  Look at the  L.A. Times  poll. We re up by 2 points. The  IBD  Poll, we re up by 2 points. The Rasmussen, we re up by a few points. So, you know, the polls are all over the place. And, in fact, there was a poll, and it was a Reuters Poll that came out this morning,  he continued.  There was two states, Minnesota and Michigan that were within the margin of error. I mean these states haven t been run   won by a Republican in 30 years, so. By the way, Ramussen predicted a landslide victory for Mitt Romney in 2012. Let s ask President Romney how well that worked out. So you don t think you re fighting from behind right now?  Stephanopoulos asked.Eric said,  Maybe   listen, maybe, but I can tell you, when I m on the ground, the amount of love out there is   is incredible. Eric continued to say that Democrats have told him they are voting for his father and that he has union support. Most polls do show most Democrats going for Hillary Clinton right now,  Stephanopoulos shot back.  Do you think you might be living in   in   in a bubble of your own support? Eric said he didn t think so and went on to say that his father had 10,000 people in Cleveland  at the rally. To me, as a son, he wins no matter what. I mean I m so incredibly proud,  Eric said. I mean he s carried the weight of this country for the last 18 months. I happen to think we re going to win. I mean when I m in these states   and I just came back from North Carolina and I just came back from Ohio. Eric went on to mention how many yard signs he s spotted that support his father. You don t see a single Hillary sign. I mean the enthusiasm differential between the two candidates is just   it   it s not even   it s not even close,  he said.  And I think you re going to see that on election day. Watch:As one Twitter user pointed out to Eric, Americans have been carrying Donald for 18 years by paying taxes. But according to Eric, just like Jesus carried a cross, Donald has carried the weight of this country on his shoulders for 18 months.Image via screen capture.",0
4063, Tin-Pot Tyrant Trump Thinks The First Amendment Goes TOO FAR (VIDEO),"Donald Trump is all about free speech, as long as it means that he can verbally abuse anyone who gets in his way without having to pay consequences. Unfortunately, for Trump, though, the media, whose job it is to vet presidential candidates, isn t always sympathetic to his verbal tirades and his twitterrhea. He wants to put a stop to that.In an interview with Miami s WFOR, Trump was asked by the reporter if it should be easier to sue media and whether the First Amendment provides  too much protection. Trump didn t specifically say  yes,  but he did talk about England.Well in England they have a system where you can actually sue if someone says something wrong. Our press is allowed to say whatever they want and get away with it. And i think we should go to a system where if they do something wrong  I m a big believer tremendous believer of the freedom of the press. Nobody believes it stronger than me but if they make terrible, terrible mistakes and those mistakes are made on purpose to injure people. I m not just talking about me I m talking anybody else then yes, i think you should have the ability to sue them.Here s the video:Let s recap that for a moment. Trump says,  if they make terrible, terrible mistakes and those mistakes are made on purpose to injure people. I m not just talking about me I m talking anybody else then yes, i think you should have the ability to sue them. We already have that system in place. Trump literally described libel laws. Unfortunately for him, though, public figures, especially those running for public office, have a much harder time winning a libel suit, although if a publication knowingly writes incorrect and damaging information, he can sue.The problem for Trump, though, is that the media hasn t lied about him. They quote him directly, which for a man who clearly can t control what comes out of his mouth, is a problem.Featured image via Joe Raedle/Getty Images.",0
4064," Top Lawyers Go After Trump, Offer To Defend His Accusers FOR FREE (TWEETS)","We all know that man-baby Donald Trump hates the First Amendment when it doesn t favor him, so you can only imagine how upset he is that women are using their freedom of speech to accuse him of sexually assaulting them. As more and more allegations have come to the surface, the Republican nominee has promised to sue these women when the election is over   as if he hasn t made them suffer through enough.Fortunately, Trump s threat to sue has attracted the attention of a few prominent First Amendment attorneys, who have recently come forward and said they would defend Trump s victims against him, pro bono! One of these high-profile lawyers is Ted Boutrous of the law firm Gibson Dunn, who tweeted that he would defend these women for free earlier this month.TwitterOn Saturday, Trump repeated his threat to file lawsuits against his accusers, and Boutrous once again renewed his commitment to going up against Trump. He even noted that since his announcement, several other lawyers were interested in joining his cause.TwitterOne of these attorneys is actually Harvard law professor Laurence Tribe, who Boutrous thanked for his interest.Twitter TwitterIt looks like Trump is going down, even if he tries to somehow save himself! Trump has put his accusers through hell, and he continues to (poorly) discredit their numerous allegations and trash them in the media. As if these women haven t already been through enough, the help of these attorneys will certainly make all the difference as they go up against one of the most vile human beings American history has ever seen. The only thing more wonderful than seeing Trump lose to Hillary Clinton in November would be seeing Trump behind bars for the numerous rapes and fraudulent activities he s committed over his lifetime.Featured image via Brian Blanco / Getty Images",0
4065, Sean Hannity Just Got OWNED By George W. Bush’s CIA Director,"Sean Hannity openly supports Donald Trump for president and has turned his media platform into the Republican nominee s propaganda machine.Indeed, Hannity is Trump s chief propagandist and there is no low that he won t sink to in order to attack Hillary Clinton and defend Trump.Of course, Hannity denies that he s a propagandist, but if anyone knows what a propagandist looks like, it s the CIA and former CIA Director Michael Hayden says Hannity is a  true propagandist. After years of bashing Wikileaks and the group s founder Julian Assange, Hannity has just recently began praising them because they are releasing private emails from Hillary Clinton s campaign team.Wikileaks obtained these emails by illegally hacking servers in the United States, which constitutes foreign espionage against this country. But Sean Hannity is cheering them on anyway in what amounts to endorsing crimes against the United States.And Hayden ripped Hannity and Fox News a new one for doing so in a response to Brookings Institute senior fellow Benjamin Wittes. FOXNews has almost completely jumped the shark,  Hayden wrote.  They have given up any semblance of conservatism and focused on an almost visceral hatred of all things Clinton and Obama. Hannity has entered the pantheon of a true propagandist. And his behavior reminds me of a conversation I had with a political office in the mid-1980s when I was the air attach  to Bulgaria. I asked this officer what truth was to him. He responded without hesitation,  Truth is what serves the party.  And there you have it. Former CIA and NSA Director Mike Hayden responds to @seanhannity s endorsement of foreign espionage against the US. pic.twitter.com/HwbNJjKmDB  Benjamin Wittes (@benjaminwittes) October 23, 2016Bulgaria was part of the Eastern Bloc in the 1980s ruled by the Bulgarian Communist Party and an ally of the Soviet Union.So Hannity is following in the footsteps of communist propagandists, which tells you just how dangerous conservatives have become in recent years.Featured Image: Screenshot",0
4066, Donald Trump Is Going To HATE What The NY Times Published This Morning,"If you needed more proof that Donald Trump is a toxic hateful bully, there s a two-page spread in the New York Times you need to read.On Monday, the New York Times published every single insult Trump has made on Twitter against every person, place, or thing since he threw his hat in the presidential race in June 2015.And it s such a long list that it take up a full two pages.Wow Today s @nytimes features a 2-page spread of all the people, places & things Trump has insulted on Twitter since declaring his candidacy pic.twitter.com/eDzwZNIjkF  Kyle Griffin (@kylegriffin1) October 24, 2016Among the people, places, and things the Republican nominee has insulted includes the United States, Saturday Night Live, Saudi Arabia, Joe Scarborough, Mika Brzezinski, the TSA, reporter Katy Tur, sexual assault victims, Megyn Kelly, CNN, Ted Cruz, the Republican Party, Hillary Clinton, Elizabeth Warren, China, immigrants, a book about William McKinley, and more. The list goes on and on.No president in the history of this country has ever been this hateful. This list could also very well be the first of its kind and it s about a major presidential candidate.Trump and the Republican Party should be embarrassed. Donald Trump has disgraced himself over and over again but his supporters still continue to back him.But Twitter users pointed out a few things about this list.@brandonwojo I think what s more important is how LONG that list is. If he can t get along with that list can he get along with others?  Lori (@followthatband) October 24, 2016@kylegriffin1 @TheFix @nytimes Not one white supremacist on that list.  Jenn (@Gibby23Roar84) October 24, 2016@kylegriffin1 @TheFix @nytimes  still looking for Putin on the list but finding him strangely absent  Marty Reeder (@martyreeder) October 24, 2016Of course, conservatives whined that there isn t a similar list about Hillary Clinton and proceeded to post about things that have been debunked or things Hillary has been cleared of.@kylegriffin1 @nytimes wow Hitlerys own newspaper #subscriptioncancelled  Brian Dane (@MrBrianDane) October 24, 2016@kylegriffin1 @srussolillo @nytimes no mention of the dead Americans Hillary killed in Benghazi? Or the 12 year old girl she smeared?  wsmco (@wsmco) October 24, 2016@kylegriffin1 @pbmech @nytimes NY Times, so not surprising. Wonder if they will list all the donors to Clinton Foundation in  pay to play  Bret Jensen (@bret_jensen) October 24, 2016Trump s supporters apparently didn t read the title of the article because if they had they would see that it s all the things Trump has said on Twitter over the last year and a half. They even printed it in big letters.If the New York Times printed a list of all the other things Trump has said and done it would fill the entire paper. Maybe the New York Times should consider doing that.Featured Image: Joe Raedle/Getty Images",0
4067, Trump’s Economic Plans Just Got A HUGE Black Eye From Conservative Economists,"Economists, even conservative ones, have severe problems with Trump s economic policies. They re unrealistic, and he doesn t know what he s talking about according to both liberal and conservative economists. Trump has made a point of not listening to the experts, but the experts know what they re talking about far better than Trump ever will.Stan Veuger, from the conservative American Enterprise Institute, was very forthright in his opinion of Trump s ahem economic policy: He doesn t really know what he s talking about, and his policy platform is so incoherent that he has to make claims like that. It sounds like Veuger thinks Trump is making grandiose promises specifically to cover up the fact that he doesn t have a sane economic plan. Knowing Trump, that s exactly what he s doing. It also sounds like Veuger finds it frustrating that Trump won t listen to any experts.Mark Zandi, chief economist at Moody s Analytics, and someone both Trump and Hillary have claimed is batting for  the other team,  gave The Hill his own summary of his analysis of Trump s plan, saying: His growth expectations are not realistic. The economy s potential growth is 2 percent, and to get stronger growth will require immigration reform that provides a path to legalization for the undocumented and a significant increase in skilled legal immigration. He is strongly opposed to this. Trump has bragged that he can increase our GDP from its current 1.4 percent to 4, 5 or even 6 percent, which is just flat ridiculous. He s also adamantly opposed to giving undocumented immigrants a path to citizenship and, in fact, wants to create a deportation force to get rid of them. He thinks that will open up jobs for Americans and get our economy booming again, but that s a pipe dream.His strong nationalism has made him opposed to allowing more immigrants in, even legally. He believes they ll take Americans  jobs, and he s afraid they could be dangerous, too.Trump believes that the economic growth he s promising will pay for the tax cuts he s promising, but it won t happen that way. Zandi says that these plans will cripple the economy and federal revenue. Of course, Trump won t listen, because reasons. What s clear, though, is that the experts who know better than Trump are growing bolder in trashing his concept of economics.Featured image by Spencer Platt via Getty Images",0
4068, Unearthed 2012 Trump Interview Shows A COMPLETE 180 On Immigration Policy (VIDEO),"Donald Trump is a liar. He will do and say anything in his never-ending quest for more and more money and power. This is never thrown into sharper relief than buy the extreme shifts in policy positions since he decided to run for president as a Republican. In doing so, Trump read the tea leaves when it comes to what it takes to appeal to the bigoted GOP base. The first thing he had to do was convince them that he hates immigrants   particularly those of the brown variety just as much as they do. So, to that end, he kicked off his crazy run for the presidency by saying the following:Featured image via Sarah Rice/Getty Images",0
4069, MAJOR Trump Donor Says Rape is Just ‘Regret’,"Very few people with significant money or power in this country are voting for Donald Trump. Even the Koch brothers are publicly backing off supporting the toxic, self-described billionaire. One Silicon Valley billionaire is happy to be on the Trump train, even after the allegations of sexual assault surfaced. Perhaps that s because PayPal cofounder Peter Thiel, who is also a Facebook investor and a $1.25 million Trump donor, doesn t really think sexual assault is a big deal.In 1995, Thiel wrote a book called  The Diversity Myth: Multiculturalism and Political Intolerance on Campus.  If you think that sounds like a Trump-esque screed against political correctness, you d be right.The book isn t just about saying offensive words or about cultural appropriation. According to The Guardian s article on it, Thiel complained that in many cases, complaints of date rape were just regret by the victims.In a case about a 17-year-old Stanford freshman who said she was raped in a dorm room while drunk, Thiel and his cowriter and PayPal partner, David O. Sacks, wrote: Although [the alleged perpetrator] was clearly guilty of serving alcohol to an underage woman and taking advantage of her resulting lack of judgement, there was no sexual assault   Understandably, however, the woman regretted the whole incident afterwards. This argument has never made sense to me. In rape cases, the benefit of the doubt always goes with the accused rapist. A rape victim opens herself up to slander, to character assassination and to accusations exactly like the one above. Wouldn t the more logical response to regret to be to deny it ever happened?Thiel also believes that rape necessarily involves physical injuries, which would mean that those influenced by date rape drugs would likely have no claim, at least in his perfect world. It is ludicrous to believe that anyone who had been forcefully violated would not know it and bear physical marks. Then, there s this, because you know, men are always the victims: The purpose of the rape crisis movement seems as much about vilifying men as about raising  awareness.' Thiel s book, as described in The Guardian, goes on to complain about the many ways whites, and white men in particular, are victimized and vilified in this country. Is it any wonder he is supporting Donald Trump?Featured image by Alex Wong via Getty Images.",0
4070, Man Who Tried To Dictate What Women Can Wear Gets ROYALLY OWNED In His Own House,"Very little is more infuriating for women than to have our appearances policed. Yet, police us people do, usually by criticizing what s in fashion and calling it too immodest, and crying that men can t stop staring and thus are sinning in their hearts, or saying that women over a certain age should not wear this or that. One of the latest incidents comes from Alan Sorrentino, of Rhode Island, who wrote a letter to editor for EastBayRI saying women over 20 should not be wearing yoga pants in public.Yoga pants draw a lot of ire from the supposedly pious and the supposedly weak-willed. Sorrentino s specific targeting of women in yoga pants earned him a  yoga pants parade  through the street in front of his house. Hundreds of people men and women participated while wearing yoga pants.Yes, there were men wearing yoga pants to stand in solidarity with women who are tired of being told what they can and cannot wear, and paraded with women in front of Sorrentino s house. Sorrentino got more than an eyeful of the  struggles with physicality  that he doesn t want to see anymore: To all yoga pant wearers, I struggle with my own physicality as I age. I don t want to struggle with yours. Thanks. His problem is that, as women age, we lose our beauty and our bodies, which, to people like him, necessarily restrict what we can wear. It s like he thinks that if we re not young and beautiful, we should hide ourselves in some way (oh wait, that s exactly what he thinks): Like the mini-skirt, yoga pants can be adorable on children and young women who have the benefit of nature s blessing of youth. However, on mature, adult women there is something bizarre and disturbing about the appearance they make in public. Maybe it s the unforgiving perspective they provide, inappropriate for general consumption, TMI, or the spector [sic] of someone coping poorly with their weight or advancing age that makes yoga pants so weird in public.A nice pair of tailored slacks, jeans, or anything else would be better than those stinky, tacky, ridiculous looking yoga pants. They do nothing to compliment a women over 20 years old. In fact, the look is bad. Do yourself a favor, grow up and stop wearing them in public.  [emphasis mine]How disgusting. If someone is dressed or presenting an appearance we don t want to see, we can, you know, just look somewhere else. Or better yet, we can accept that there are things in this world that we personally would rather not see. Truly mature people, one of whom Sorrentino clearly isn t, recognize that it s not our place to tell other people what they can and cannot wear based on our personal comfort.Sorrentino is now claiming he wrote the letter as a joke, and the paper is defending its decision to publish it by explaining that they publish all opinions as long as they aren t attacking a person or a group: In this case, Mr. Sorrentino is not attacking any individual nor specific group. It s safe to assume that his comments target a large portion of America s female population, and that group obviously has ample firepower to respond to Mr. Sorrentino and his opinions. Telling women over 20 how they can and cannot dress isn t attacking women? Okay then. That s systemic sexism, though. Here s hoping the yoga pants parade got Sorrentino s attention, and he rethinks his position. Joke or not, it was inappropriate at best.Here s a short video from the parade:The #YogaPantsParade is underway @ABC6 pic.twitter.com/VItosLSLaA  Bianca Buono (@BBuonoABC6) October 23, 2016Featured image via screen capture from embedded video",0
4071, Latest Polls Show Hillary Could Win One Of The MOST Important Deep Red States,"GOP presidential nominee Donald Trump has been steadily ripping the Republican Party apart at the seams due to the embarrassing travesty of a campaign he s been running. This is especially true since the surfacing of a tape of Trump and former Access Hollywood host Billy Bush having what is quite possibly the most lewd, offensive conversation two men could have about women. As if that weren t enough, nearly a dozen women have come forward claiming Trump did to them just what he bragged about being able to do on that tape.Trump s scandals are literally doing something that no one thought possible: Turning certain reliably red states into battleground states. According to the polling organization RealClearPolitics, Trump s lack of acceptability could actually turn TEXAS, of all places, blue. As of Sunday, Trump is within the margin of error   just three points ahead of Democratic nominee Hillary Clinton. The average of all of the available polling is a 4.8 point divide. This is likely due to the fact that there are some things that are just not partisan   open misogyny, narcissism, racism, xenophobia, and all of the other characteristics that make for huge deal-breakers on the basis of basic decency, regardless of political leanings.Other red states that could be within striking distance for Hillary include Arizona, Utah and Georgia. This would be why Trump, who is simply unable to accept losing at anything, is now talking of a  rigged election.  It s an effort to make his already angry, disillusioned supporters become even more aggrieved. This makes for a dangerous situation, and therefore it is DEFINITELY a good thing if Hillary can not only win, but run up the score around the nation and completely annihilate Trump.Featured image via Justin Sullivan via Getty Images",0
4072, WATCH: CNN Pundit Hilariously Turns Trump’s ‘Drain The Swamp’ Slogan Against Him,"Donald Trump will probably want to dump his new favorite slogan now.The Republican nominee has for talking for weeks about how he should be elected so he can  drain the swamp  in reference to the lawmakers and federal employees who work in Washington D.C., which was a swamp prior to being drained and used as the site of our nation s capital.The phrase has become the centerpiece of Trump s effort to persuade voters to support him on Election Day.But Trump s slogan alienates members of his own party since Republicans control the Senate and the House. And Trump s own running mate Mike Pence was a congressman for 12 years, which doubles the number of years Trump says he wants to limit members of Congress to serving.Yep, Donald Trump is literally turning the old conservative line that government needs to be cleaned out against them.And Tharon Johnson couldn t help but point that out during an appearance on CNN on Sunday along with Trump supporter Paris Dennard.. A running mate who spent 12 years in the Congress, was one of the most divisive members of Congress,  Johnson began before referencing Trump s Gettysburg speech. This guy was the sole person who led a crusade to try to defund Planned Parenthood. As my friend Paris said, before Donald Trump attempted to make a presidential statesman-like policy speech, he spent the first fifteen minutes attacking his accusers. So when he makes comments about how we should enforce term limits, term limits are left up to the voters. That s why most members of the House and Senate have elections two and six years. If someone is not effective then members will vote them out. And then Johnson took Trump s favorite new slogan and crushed it. Let me respond to this really comical comment about draining the swamp. It s so laughable to me. If you drain that swamp what you would find at the bottom of that swamp would be Donald Trump. You would see to the side of him his playbook of his campaign showing you how not to run a campaign to become president of the United States. Here s the video via YouTube.Sorry, Donald. But you just got owned.Featured Image: Spencer Platt/Getty Images",0
4073, Reince Priebus Does WEIRD Balancing Act Regarding Trump’s ‘Rigged Election’ Talk,"Donald Trump s recent talk of a  rigged election  is dangerous, as it undermines the trust of Americans in the electoral process. There has been bipartisan condemnation of his continuing to poison the minds of his brainwashed supporters. Elected officials and leadership on both sides of the political aisle have expressed confidence in the election results, and some have even gone on television to explain the process in great detail, to show just how impossible it is to rig a national level election. There seems to be one Trump supporter, though, who isn t being as forceful with regards to pushing back against this narrative: Republican National Committee Chair Reince Priebus.Priebus seems to be the only member of the GOP leadership who is closely helping the Trump campaign these days, and he seems to be afraid to anger Trump. On CBS s Face the Nation on Sunday, Priebus said to host John Dickerson with regards to Trump s willingness to concede if he loses: He s saying he wants to reserve all options, and  if there is grounds for a recount, I will exercise my options. He is not willing to not concede if he loses and there s no fraud. Dickerson reminded Priebus that Trump had told his supporters that fraud is the only way he could possibly lose Pennsylvania. Instead of taking the usual line that voter fraud is not widespread, Priebus said: That s not where we re at. Losing by 100 votes is one thing. Losing by 100,000 is another thing. Sure, there have been contested elections, but that is not what Trump has been saying to his rabid base of supporters. He has instead been telling them that there is a vast conspiracy, a huge, sweeping, nationwide effort to make sure he doesn t win. Party leaders like Priebus, whether they are in Trump s camp or not, have a responsibility to put a lid on this dangerous rhetoric. Instead, Priebus is giving shameful responses to something that could cause many, many problems indeed.Featured image via Alex Wong/Getty Images ",0
4074," WATCH: Trump Supporter Admits What ‘Make America Great Again’ Means To Her, And It’s Vile","The reason why many conservatives support Donald Trump is because they literally think he will erase the last 60 years of American history.After the third and final debate on Wednesday night, Face The Nation host John Dickerson sat down with a group of Nevada voters at a restaurant and talked to them about the candidates.But when he talked to a woman named Barbara, you could the hypocrisy, ignorance, and bigotry in her eyes as she let her crazy flag fly for all to hear and see.Barbara told the CBS host that she is voting for Trump because she believes in  morality and values. Now, many of you probably laughed out loud when you read that because the last thing the Republican nominee represents is morality and values. Trump s words about groping women, his nods and winks to white supremacists, the multiple sexual assault allegations against him, the tapes of him hitting on underage girls, and all of the nasty remarks he has made about just about every group in America completely disqualifies him from having any claim to being the moral candidate.And Barbara demonstrated that by openly revealing herself as an anti-gay bigot because she thinks Trump will take the nation back to a time when homosexuals were persecuted and women s reproductive rights were controlled exclusively by men, a time she claims the founding fathers approved of. Based on what the country was based on, I think that the laws that Obama has passed, the way the country has   I call it down turning. Some of the other people are proud of it and happy for it. I personally am against it, the homosexuals, the abortions. All the stuff, I am against. Dickerson then asked her a follow-up question for clarification. When Donald Trump says  Make American Great Again,  is that what you hear? That it s going to go back to before the time that you re now describing? That s part of it,  Barbara answered.Oh, and Barbara is, of course, a religious nut.  She needs prayer,  Barbara said about Hillary Clinton.  The country always needs prayer. Apparently, Barbara and Trump supporters like her think oppressing women and gay people is morally right in this country which makes it a complete travesty that her vote counts as much as a sane person s vote.Here s the video via YouTube.And Trump supporters wonder why everyone is mocking them.Featured Image: Screenshot",0
4075, Eric Trump Just Got PUNKED By Latina Sisters Wearing ‘Trump’ Shirts Written In Spanish (IMAGES),"When it comes to the Trump family, one thing is for certain, they love photo opportunities, especially with those who they think may boost the image of the campaign.The Trump campaign knows they re losing, by a lot, with minorities, so any chance they can get to make it look like they re not, they seem to hop on board.Seemingly knowing this, a pair of Latina sisters, Annie and Ceci Cardelle from Salisbury, North Carolina, went to go see Eric Trump as he was out campaigning for his dad in their state.The sisters, ages 23 and 17, are Hillary Clinton supporters, and Annie wore a shirt that read  Latina Contra Trump,  which of course means Latina Against Trump. However, knowing neither Trump nor his supporters would likely notice this, and maybe thought it read  Latina Con Trump  which means  with  the sisters took a chance to take advantage of the moment.Ceci tweeted out: When you protest a Trump rally but no one realizes your shirt says  Latinas AGAINST trump  so they take pics w/ you like you re supporters. When you protest a Trump rally but no one realizes your shirt says ""Latinas AGAINST trump"" so they take pics w/ you like you're supporters pic.twitter.com/5ce8SZw5Mh  CC (@cecicardelle) October 21, 2016These women are very proud of themselves, as they should be:No one at the rally realized my shirt said AGAINST tr*mp  congrats, y'all played yourselves  ? ? ?  pic.twitter.com/qZ3x1ER8j0  Annie (@AnnieCardelle) October 21, 2016Here are the images the sisters shared on Twitter:via Twittervia Twittervia Twittervia TwitterAccording to Buzzfeed, no one seemed to notice that they were there protesting, which actually makes it all the more amusing and amazing. And Trump didn t take photos with everyone, so the campaign clearly saw it as a photo opportunity.Ceci said: I was sort of in disbelief when they actually called us forward. I was like,  This is not happening. There s no way they don t see this shirt. via BuzzfeedAnd while reactions have been mixed, quite honestly these women deserve an award for not only their creativity but their bravery and follow-through.Featured image via Twitter",0
4076, Jan Brewer Insults EVERY American POW While Defending Draft Dodging Trump,"Prisoners of war are routinely subjected to torture. One form of torture that is regularly used is waterboarding, which is a horrific simulation of drowning. To survive that sort of thing on behalf of one s country is heroic   but not according to Donald Trump, who said that Senator John McCain is not a war hero, since he was caught and tortured. These facts make what Trump surrogate Jan Brewer (R-AZ) said regarding how her candidate is being treated in the media with regards to sexual assault accusations that have been leveled at him since the discovery of the Access Hollywood tape all the more offensive.Brewer appeared on CNN s State of the Union Sunday morning, and said: He s been waterboarded by these issues. It seems like it s really been kind of somewhat of a put up oppression of Donald Trump from all of these people lining up. It s just unbelievable. These accusations are a result of Trump flat-out denying that he had ever touched a woman inappropriately during the second debate, which came just two days after he bragged on tape about doing just that. Several of the women said that his denial of what he had done to them was too much, and brought them forward.The thing is, the best witness for these women is Donald Trump himself. It s not  waterboarding,  Gov. Brewer, for people to try to tell the public what they believe to be the truth about a major party presidential candidate.Watch Brewer s offensive remarks below:Former Gov. and Trump supporter Jan Brewer on accusers: Trump has been  waterboarded by the issues  https://t.co/U922Sh1J7G  State of the Union (@CNNSotu) October 23, 2016Featured image via video screen capture",0
4077, OOPS – Trump’s Campaign Manager CAUGHT Calling Trump A Whiner (VIDEO),"Donald Trump is a lot of things, but presidential is not one of them. Kellyanne Conway is Trump s campaign manager, so it s her job to  polish the turd  that the Republican party nominated and make him something palatable to the majority of American voters. Unfortunately for both Trump and Conway, even she doesn t believe that Trump is presidential, at least that s what a video dug up by CNN s Jake Tapper says.The subject was Trump s latest obsession, which is that the election is somehow rigged against him. Tapper noted, on Sunday s State of the Union, that there s no evidence whatsoever of election rigging. As proof, he pulled out a not-so-old video of Conway basically saying the same thing. Back in April when you were working against Donald Trump, when you were working for Ted Cruz and advising his super PAC, you had some tough words for Mr. Trump when he was lashing out at the time against the system being rigged,  Tapper told Conway before refreshing her memory with a video clip. We hear from the Trump campaign, the rules change, it s not fair,  Conway had said in April.  He can whine and complain all he wants that he didn t know the rules. Conway, to her credit, didn t skip a beat and said,  we love watching that clip together. That was about what was happening on the weekends. When Donald Trump would win the vote, he would basically win all the electoral votes in a state, and on the weekends, the Cruz campaign would go back and follow the rules and get back some of those delegates. So no, it s not a pattern for him. Source: Raw StoryThen, she once again tried deflecting from Trump s accusations that the election is rigged against him personally and said that the election is about the system being  rigged  against the  little guy. Here s the video:Of course, Trump s rigged election claims have never been about the  little guy,  unless Trump is trying to claim that as an alleged billionaire, born on 3rd base, he s a  little guy. The election is absolutely being rigged by the dishonest and distorted media pushing Crooked Hillary   but also at many polling places   SAD  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) October 16, 2016Featured image via video screen capture. ",0
4078, WATCH: Trump Gets His A** Handed To Him By Alec Baldwin And Tom Hanks On SNL,"The presidential debates have been comedy gold for Saturday Night Live and a disaster for Donald Trump and that didn t change last night.Like the first two debates, SNL s cold open featured the third and final debate between Donald Trump as played by Alec Baldwin and Hillary Clinton as played by Kate McKinnon. Only this time, the show featured Tom Hanks as Fox News host and debate moderator Chris Wallace.Hanks  Wallace kicks things off by comparing the debate to the the third Lord of the Rings film,  you don t really want to watch, but hey, you ve come this far. McKinnon s Hillary was eager to feast on Trump, remarking that she  set the table  during the first debate,  fired up the grill  during the second,  and declared that she ll be carving him up and serving up the feast this time around.Baldwin s Trump announced that he would be speaking very quietly like a  baby Trump  this time around, but quickly blew that idea to smithereens when asked about reproductive rights.  They re RIPPING BABIES OUT OF VAGINAS!  he yelled.Hillary responded by sarcastically claiming that the two people most qualified to talk about women s issues are on the stage because she s had a child and used birth control while Trump is a child and his face is birth control.The next question involved immigration and upon Trump saying  bad hombres,  Hillary interrupted to inform Wallace that she filled out her bingo card.Trump then bragged about his relationship with Mexican President Mr. Guacamole and his wife Tacito as Hillary banged her head against the microphone.While trying to explain his plan for ISIS, Trump sniffled his way through a confusing statement which Wallace thankfully interrupted much to Trump s relief.The sexual assault allegation against Trump were also addressed, but when Trump claimed that  no one has more respect for women than I do,  the entire planet erupted in laughter.Trump then complained that the election is being  rigged  by the media because they  take everything I say and everything I do and put it on TV. Wallace then tries to get Trump to repeat after him the he will accept the results of the election if he loses but Trump tweaked it by saying he ll only accept the results  if I win. Here s the full video via YouTube:It s too bad there isn t a fourth debate, because while America probably doesn t want to see the two candidates again, they ll definitely miss Baldwin and McKinnon adding laughter to this madness.Featured Image: Screenshot",0
4079, Log Cabin Republicans Finally Grow A Pair When It Comes To Trump,"The idea of there being a group of people who are gay and actively support the GOP is pretty ludicrous, considering the Republican Party is bigoted against LGBTQ people as a matter of practice and policy. After all, their official 2016 party platform is easily the most anti-LGBTQ in history. Nevertheless, the Log Cabin Republicans keep trucking on, trying to make people who will always hate them allow them into their club.Well, it seems even these morons have a line, as they ve decided that there will be no endorsement for GOP presidential nominee Donald Trump from them. This is most curious, considering that the group has said that Trump is the most pro-LGBTQ presidential nominee in the history of the party. This is in no way true of course; after all, Trump picked Mike Pence as his running mate, and he is the man who rose to national prominence by signing a horribly bigoted law that effectively legalized discrimination against LGBTQ people in Indiana, the state he currently governs. Here is what the Log Cabin folks had to say about Trump, and their decision not to endorse, even though he pandered to LGBTQ people, which they say is  unprecedented  for their party: But Log Cabin Republicans have long emphasized that we are not a single-issue organization, nor are our members single-issue voters. Even if we were, rhetoric alone regarding LGBT issues does not equate to doctrine.As Mr. Trump spoke positively about the LGBT community in the United States, he concurrently surrounded himself with senior advisors with a record of opposing LGBT equality, and committed himself to supporting legislation such as the so-called  First Amendment Defense Act  that Log Cabin Republicans opposes. Well, at least they showed a bit of backbone here, but it still boggles the mind that these idiots think that they re a part of the right political party. Oh well, this is more than most people who look at the Log Cabin Republicans and shake their heads could ask for.Featured image via Brian Blanco/Getty Images",0
4080, Ivanka’s Clothing Line Could Be In A LOT Of Trouble Because Her Father Is A Sick Sexual Predator,"During all the fallout from the  Access Hollywood  tape that first revealed Donald Trump to be a sexual predator, and now, with all the women coming forward to accuse him of sexual assault, Ivanka has stood staunchly by her father. It seems, though, that such support is hurting her own business. Ivanka has a clothing line, which is sold in stores like TJ Maxx, but women who ve been forced to relive their own pain from sexual assault because of Trump are boycotting Ivanka s brand.Cosmopolitan spoke to Lindsey Ledford, a sexual assault survivor, about what seeing the Trump name on a blouse did to her: My first thought was,  Grab them by the pussy. We can do anything we want. Don t even ask,  Ledford told Cosmopolitan.com. The blouse was triggering traumatic flashbacks to physical abuse she d suffered in the past, and to times she d been grabbed or groped by men without her consent.  None of them ever asked how I felt, what I was thinking, or what I wanted. They didn t wait,  she wrote in a flurry of tweets at T.J. Maxx after fleeing the store.  That is what  Trump  means to me,  she told me: complete disregard for women and their bodies.  It doesn t matter if Ivanka s name is in front of it, or Donald s.' There s a growing coalition of women who are working to boycott both Ivanka s brand and the stores that carry it because it s too closely linked to Donald Trump. This plan came about because of Shannon Coulter, the CEO of a boutique marketing agency, just after the  Access Hollywood  tape came out. She tweeted:Not enough to not buy Ivanka s collection. She campaigns for him. We should avoid stores that carry it. #fashionnotfascism #ivankant  Shannon Coulter ? (@shannoncoulter) October 12, 2016Ivanka herself has said that she s a daughter, not a surrogate, and it s been hard for women to condemn her for supporting her father because it s hard to be objective about family members. However, increasing numbers of women see Ivanka as representative of a culture that demeans women to the point where it s okay to harass and assault them.Cosmopolitan also spoke to several other women. One said her revulsion at seeing Ivanka s name inside a shoe was a  visceral response,  because her attacker used almost the exact methods Trump spoke of in his tape.Another woman threw out some pumps from Ivanka s line, and refused to shop at stores that carried the brand, when it came to her wedding.  My wedding is a day of love. I m not going to wear clothes that represent hate,  she said.Those who are busy defending Trump don t really seem to know or care what this revelation has done to women all over the country. Perhaps worse, especially for women, is that Ivanka has actually defended her father s vile treatment of women: He recognizes it was crude language. He was embarrassed that he said those things, and he apologized. That s not language consistent with any conversation I ve ever had with him, or any conversation I ve ever overheard, so it was a bit jarring to hear. I think he was sincere in his apology. It s hard for women who have been harassed and assaulted to listen to a fellow woman defend the very type of predator that hurt them. Although Ivanka s brand hasn t yet lost a ton of business, this boycott movement will likely grow as her father makes increasingly disgusting remarks about how he s going to get his revenge on the women accusing him of assault. That will be particularly true if she continues to openly defend him.Featured image by Joe Scarnici via Getty Images",0
4081," Trump Supporter Aims Gun At Hillary, Asks Donald To Give The Order To Assassinate","Seriously, Trump supporters are scarily messed up people.The Secret Service needs to be on high alert through Election Day, because Trump supporters are just waiting for Donald Trump to give the word so they can launch an assassination attempt against the Democratic nominee.As the third presidential debate got underway on Wednesday, a Trump supporter watching it on television decided to aim his gun at Hillary Clinton and take a picture of it for Twitter. He a message to Donald Trump telling him he is ready to pull the trigger whenever he commands him to do so.Winning Democrats reports that  Faggotini Alfredo  (or @yunghomo), which is clearly a fake name, posted the image and tagged Trump with the caption,  Give me the go-ahead my guy. Here s the image via Winning Democrats.This isn t the first time a Trump supporter has threatened to assassinate Hillary.Trump himself called for  Second Amendment people  to do something to stop Hillary during a rally in August.Ever since then, the calls for bloody rebellion and assassination have only grown and gotten more frightening.One Trump supporter told the Boston Globe last week, If she s in office, I hope we can start a coup. She should be in prison or shot. That s how I feel about it. We re going to have a revolution and take them out of office if that s what it takes. There s going to be a lot of bloodshed. But that s what it s going to take I would do whatever I can for my country. Another Trump supporter in Georgia said he s ready for civil war if Hillary becomes president. The war that s going to break out if Hillary Clinton s elected, if that happens,  he said.  Your patriots are going to overthrow the government.' Trump s supporters are only getting more eager to commit acts of violence as Election Day approaches. These people are scary, and clearly they are just itching to start firing bullets if Trump gives the word. And if he does, he should be immediately arrested for treason.Featured image by Win McNamee via Getty Images, tweet via Winning Democrats",0
4082," BUSTED: Trump Running Mate Mike Pence Caught Suppressing Up To 10,000 Black Votes","The math for the election is very simple: The more black voters, the worse the results will be for the Republican Party and the party s presidential nominee, Donald Trump. As a result, the Republicans have a perverse incentive to keep black voter numbers as low as possible.And now it appears that Trump s running mate, Indiana Governor Mike Pence, may be doing his part to emulate the Jim Crow south and bar black voters from being registered.Connie Lawson, the Secretary of State for Indiana, sent a letter to state election officials telling them that Patriot Majority USA, a group trying to register black voters were  nefarious actors  operating in the state. Lawson told officials to snitch to authorities if they received voter registration forms from the group. Combined with state police executing a search warrant against the group, it gave the appearance of vote suppression, according to Craig Varoga, the group s president.The publicity surrounding the actions taken by Lawson and Indiana s state police have cast a shadow over the nonprofits, with many stories accusing them of voter fraud.Varoga said the Oct. 4 police action prevented the group from registering 5,000 to 10,000 additional voters ahead of Indiana s Oct. 11 voter registration deadline. He s worried that clerks won t count some of the 45,000 applications the group had already collected.Republicans, as they often do in election years, have mounted an assault on voter registration drives and mobilization efforts. They have particularly targeted these efforts to minority communities. North Carolina Republicans were recently rebuked by the federal courts when the Fourth Circuit Court of Appeals declared most of a 2013 law invalid, since documents revealed that it was designed specifically to target minority voters with a voter ID law, and by banning same-day registration, early voting, and out-of-precinct voting.The judge in that case, Diana Gribbon Motz, wrote, The State s very justification for a challenged statute hinges explicitly on race specifically its concern that African Americans, who had overwhelmingly voted for Democrats, had too much access to the franchise. In Indiana, the Pence regime seems to be working to do the same deed.Featured image by Gage Skidmore, CC BY-SA 2.0 via Flickr",0
4083, GOP Calls In Thugs To Stop Clinton From Winning Key Swing State,"Pennsylvania is always one of the most sought-after states in presidential elections, and even though it has been reliably Democratic, Republicans often believe that its 20 electoral votes are within reach. With that in mind, there s almost nothing the GOP won t do to get those votes, including busing in people from out of state in order to intimidate voters   especially minority voters.And now Pennsylvania Republicans are going to court to do just that.The Pennsylvania Republican Party filed a complaint late Friday night asking a federal court to allow out-of-county poll watchers to monitor voting stations on Election Day.Filed on behalf of eight Keystone State voters, the suit alleges that state law restricting poll watchers to the county in which they re registered violates the First Amendment and denies them their right to equal protection under the law.Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump has been muttering for weeks that the election has been  rigged    a conspiracy theory that has coincided with him dropping in almost every national poll, from anywhere from 5 to 11 percent.As a result, many Republican voters have now convinced themselves that there is a massive national operation underway to  steal  the election from Trump. And Trump has told his backers that this effort is coming from cities in swing states, and those cities are largely the main source of votes from black and Latino voters, both of whom are overwhelmingly Democratic.Those voters are more motivated than usual to vote against Trump, because he launched his campaign by describing Mexicans as  criminals  and  rapists  and repeatedly making it seem as if black people only live in urban blight, forever under fire by drug gangs and enduring lives of complete desperation. Success and middle class livelihoods for ethnic minorities simply don t exist in Trump s view of the world.And his party doesn t want them voting.Featured image by Michael Candelori, CC BY 2.0 via Flickr",0
4084, FAIL! The Trump Organization’s Credit Score Will Make You Laugh,"While the controversy over Trump s personal tax returns continues, business credit rating company Nav decided to take a look at his business  credit, and published the results on their website. Nav, which actually does have an A+ rating from the Better Business Bureau (as opposed to Trump U. s final rating), pulled together the factors affecting business credit scores and discovered something truly laughable.The highest possible business score is 100. The Trump Organization s score is 19. Nineteen. As in more than 15 but less than 20, and it s actually dropped 18 points. This puts the company in the medium to high-risk category:The organization is considered highly likely to default on its debts, and it averages sending payments 17 days late. They also have six derogatories, which can be delinquent loans that have been turned over to collections, as well as tax liens and judgments against the organization. According to Nav, that last one usually means the business was the defendant in a lawsuit and is now required to pay damages to the plaintiff.Compare that to the Clinton Foundation, which has a score of 42. 42 isn t great, but it s a hell of a lot better than the Trump Organization s.*Note: The Clinton Foundation has been around since 1997, but has only been known in its current form for the last three years.Despite not having stellar credit either, the Clinton Foundation also has no derogatories and makes its payments on time.This whole thing is laughable considering the wonderful businessman Trump seems to think he is. It s even more laughable considering that Trump says nobody knows debt better than he does. In August, he boasted that he has  very little debt  relative to his assets.Regardless of whether that s true, the fact that the Trump Organization s credit score is so low suggests that Trump is either not nearly as good at managing what debt he does have as well as he claims, or he s not nearly as good at managing his businesses as well as he claims.This credit score is hilarious.Featured image by Scott Olson via Getty Images",0
4085, Stephen King Makes Trump His Newest Horror Story And His Fans Respond PERFECTLY,"It was just a simple tweet but Stephen King s latest post about Donald Trump turned into something so much more with help from his devoted fans.With Halloween just around the corner, horror author Stephen King wrote out a couple lines from what he calls his  newest horror story,  and it s all about the Republican nominee. My newest horror story,  King began.  Once upon a time there was a man named Donald Trump, and he ran for president. Some people wanted him to win. My newest horror story: Once upon a time there was a man named Donald Trump, and he ran for president. Some people wanted him to win.  Stephen King (@StephenKing) October 21, 2016As most fans often do, they wanted more of the story from King. So they responded by helping him find some inspiration by making suggestions and using covers, scenes, and characters from King s books and films.@StephenKing pic.twitter.com/TVsOSvJwva  Jeffrey Kalmikoff (@jeffrey) October 21, 2016@StephenKing @realDonaldTrump #ChucktTrump Chucky: I am Chucky, the killer doll! And I dig it! pic.twitter.com/3APjqMGg1K  Alejandro Vigilante (@VigilanteArtist) October 22, 2016@StephenKing Call it  The Whining .  edgarwright (@edgarwright) October 21, 2016.@TJ800 @StephenKing Trumpkin. pic.twitter.com/4mac1dDYBC  HeppCat (@the_heppcat) October 21, 2016@Dr_Conzelmann @StephenKing Trump is a tangerine Leland Gaunt, peddling nuggets of pyrrhic hatred to angry bigots in need of validation  Craig (@KuangEleven) October 22, 2016@StephenKing Pls write this. It will be the scariest book you ve ever written. I ve even done the cover art for you. pic.twitter.com/ttVVMUz4Mm  Anna Brooks (@Anna_Brooksie) October 22, 2016@StephenKing In the end, it was really his evil toupee that had tendrils going into his brain.  Martin Heavy Head (@mheavyhead) October 21, 2016@StephenKing can it be a Langoliers crossover where the sane people wake up and find the deplorables gone?  Vanessa Carmona (@CollaredGreens) October 21, 2016@CollaredGreens @StephenKing I always figured the presidential candidate who triggered WWIII in The Dead Zone was a prediction of Trump!  RoboUnicorn (@nicholashorwood) October 21, 2016@StephenKing  He was not-so-secretely a pumkin who had long planned to squash humanity as a revenge for all his fallen pumpkin brothers  RacletteBagarre (@Jessyfer_Goguet) October 21, 2016@StephenKing And then, on Election Day Eve, a singularity opened underneath Donald s home, and their was much rejoicing.  Chuck Toporek (@chuckdude) October 21, 2016@filmbuffbaker @StephenKing Similar ending to The Mist, except Trump kills all of America and feels good about it.  Josh Barton (@bartonj2410) October 22, 2016? @StephenKing #DonaldTrump real life movie even bigger horror. Grabs female audiences by the  .! 2 tiny thumbs down! Now imagine #TrumpTV  IMRAN  (@ImranAnwar) October 22, 2016@ImranAnwar I already have! @StephenKing pic.twitter.com/Sct8GpCFjR  #McMullinFinn2016 (@ImFarToTheRight) October 22, 2016Stephen King really should write this book. Because Donald Trump is a true nightmare.Featured Image: Twitter",0
4086, WATCH: Trump Admits America Will Pay For His Dumb $25 Billion Wall,"Donald Trump just broke his biggest promise to his supporters in a BIGLY way.During his speech in Gettysburg, Pennsylvania on Saturday, the Republican nominee listed some of the things he plans to do in his first 100 days in office if he is elected to the presidency on November 8th.One of those things is a draconian anti-immigration policy that includes deporting millions of immigrants, whom Trump called criminals and killers, back to Mexico. He also said he would cut off funding to cities that give immigrants sanctuary.But his main point, as usual, was all about his damn wall along the Mexican border.Trump has repeatedly declared that Mexico will pay for this massive structure, which experts estimate will cost up to $25 billion.But during his speech, Trump changed his tune in a way that suggests America will actually be picking up the tab and merely hoping that Mexico will reimburse us for the cost. The End Illegal Immigration act fully funds the construction of a wall on our southern border,  Trump said.  Don t worry about it. Remember I said that Mexico is paying for the wall. However, he then added this remark. With the full understanding that the country of Mexico will be reimbursing the United States for the full cost of such a wall, okay? Here s the video via YouTube. Trump s remarks on the wall are at the 32:46 mark.In other words, America will be paying for Trump s wall if he becomes president, NOT Mexico.Because in order for there to even be a need for Mexico to reimburse us, it means America would have to pay for the wall first. And that means American taxpayers would be on the hook.But just like his insistence that Mexico will pay for the wall outright, Trump has no way of forcing Mexico to reimburse us either. So Trump just promised to INCREASE the national debt by billions of dollars within his first 100 days.In short, the central promise Trump made to his supporters has just gone up entirely in smoke.The question is are Trump s supporters too dumb to notice that their hero just admitted that he has been lying to them this whole time? Probably not.Featured Image: Screenshot",0
4087," Trump Supporters Declare WAR On Paul Ryan, And Republicans Only Have Themselves To Blame","If Donald Trump goes down, so does House Speaker Paul Ryan.At least that s what Trump supporters are suggesting in an attack on Ryan on Breitbart.com, whose CEO Steve Bannon works on the Trump campaign.An article posted on Breitbart accuses Ryan being a Hillary Clinton supporter who has a pro-Islamic agenda simply because he has been critical of Trump and some of the things he has said and done throughout the campaign.Ryan and Clinton share a progressive, globalist worldview, which is at odds with Trump s  America first  approach. Indeed, both Clinton and Ryan have said that they see themselves as representatives not only for American citizens, but also for foreign nationals and foreign interests. This view that the needs of foreign citizens are equal to the needs of American citizens reflects the belief that Americans are only part of many interest groups that a lawmaker ought to consider when crafting legislation even as he or she negotiates with other countries, which always put their citizens first. The divide between progressive globalism and nation-state conservatism perhaps helps to illuminate why Ryan has spent months both quietly and loudly undermining his own party s nominee for president,  the article continues.Of course, saying that Paul Ryan is in league with Hillary Clinton is absurd. After all, Ryan may be one of the less openly insane Republicans but he s definitely NOT a progressive.But conservatives are so enraged at Ryan for not blindly pledging allegiance to Trump that they are now calling for his head, which means Paul Ryan is in serious jeopardy of losing the tight House race he is embroiled in. And even if he wins on November 8th, Ryan faces a revolt from conservatives against him continuing to be Speaker, that is if Republicans keep control of the House.Either way, Paul Ryan is being undermined by Trump and his minions, so it continues to be a mystery why Ryan still hasn t unendorsed him.Conservatives are even questioning Ryan s loyalty to America and to the party.The push to remove Ryan as Speaker is  picking up some steam,  said Congressman Mark Meadows who also voted for Ryan last year after leading the charge to remove Ryan s predecessor, John Boehner, as Speaker. Meadows explained that a lot of conservatives now  question the loyalty of the Speaker  in light of Ryan s treatment of Trump.Frankly, Republicans only have themselves to blame for this. They gave their far right conservative base a place at the table and now these extremists have taken over the party. For years, Republicans used fear and hate to gin up their base against Democrats. Now that anger is being turned against any Republican who refuses to bow down and kiss Trump s ass.Trump has used the Republican playbook against them. And the result is a once proud party descending into chaos and tearing itself apart from within.Featured Image: Mark Wilson/Getty Images",0
4088, Donald Trump Jr. Says Bragging About Sexual Assault Is Just ‘A Fact Of Life’,"Donald Trump Jr. tried in vain to brush off his dad s boasts of being able to sexually assault women, arguing that when men talk, these kinds of remarks are just  a fact of life. During an interview with KIRO radio 97.3 on Friday, Junior said that men always say such lewd things about women as  grab  em by the pussy  and it is just an inevitability of life. Obviously he s not happy about that, but I think we probably all know guys who have had conversations with other guys that go a little bit in that direction, that s a fact of life, Trump Jr. said. I think he s able to relate to ordinary Americans because in many cases he is still very much like that. He does do that. He hasn t spent his whole life sitting there polishing every statement he s ever made, every conversation he s ever had,  he added.Trump Jr. started to say that his father  speaks from the heart  and then cut himself off, apparently realizing that this argument wasn t exactly helping the situation. He finally admitted that yes, his father s comments were a  mistake,  but explained that all men who aren t politicians talk like this because the only reason you don t brag about sexual assault is to con people into voting for you. He speaks from the heart, that one is obviously one that we don t want to   that was a mistake, he recognizes that, he realizes it   but he s able to make a mistake because he hasn t spent his whole life just trying to be a politician. Trump s campaign has been in a tailspin following the release of the 2005 Access Hollywood tape that featured Donald bragging about being able to sexually assault any woman he pleases thanks to his celebrity status. During the second presidential debate, he claimed that he had never actually done these kinds of things to a woman. But in the days that followed, at least ten women have stepped forward to accuse Trump of doing to them exactly what he described on the bombshell tape.Featured image via Ethan Miller/Getty Images",0
4089, WATCH: Don Lemon And CNN Panel Laugh At Trump Supporter For Denying Everything He Has Done,"One of Trump s minions just embarrassed herself on CNN and everyone laughed at her.During a discussion on Friday night, Trump supporter Gina Loudon had the gall to repeatedly claim that the Republican nominee is not a sexist or a racist and even denied much of the factual evidence presented by the other panelists as proof that she is wrong. Words matter,  Symone Sanders told Loudon.  Donald Trump is running for president of the United States, okay? So, his words are extremely important because as president, your words   I mean we can talk about the fact he s discriminated against African-Americans, Latinos in this country, Muslims  Loudon cut her off by demanding to know when Donald Trump ever discriminated against these groups of people even though there is video tape of Trump calling Mexicans  rapists  and calling for banning Muslims from entering the country just because of their religion.Bakari Sellers chimed in by citing Trump s discrimination against black people on housing applications. Trump even had to settle the lawsuit because he knew he would lose. Trump also called for the death penalty for the Central Park Five even though they were later found innocent. Gina was asking one simple questions about actions,  Sellers began.  And Donald Trump s actions, and when has he discriminated so I decided we can recite a few of his actions. We can go to his housing discrimination lawsuits, in which he had to settle not one, but two, because he literally marked  C  on applications for  colored.  We can go to the Central Park Five in which he took ads out for these five people  But once again, Loudon denied that Trump ever did these things.LOUDON:  Donald Trump had nothing do with that! LEMON:  Wait, wait wait. You said Donald Trump had nothing to do with taking out ads on the Central Park Five? LOUDON:  Donald Trump himself. It was not Donald Trump himself. Loudon also denied that Trump mocked a disabled New York Times reporter despite the fact that there is video of him doing it, which drew laughter from the panelists, Don Lemon, and even from people in the studio off camera. Stop. Stop it y alls,  Lemon said in an effort to settle everyone down.  People in the studio are even laughing. But Lemon had a hard time doing so because Loudon just droned on about how Donald Trump is a saint and how Hillary Clinton is guilty of everything. Lemon just smiled and rested his head on his hand.Here s the video via VidMe.Trump s supporters are so desperate that they are denying facts and evidence at every turn. They are trying to fool America into thinking that Trump has a clean slate. This is what we can expect from now until the election on November 8th.Featured Image: Screenshot",0
4090, Longtime Trump Friend Russell Simmons Drops Bombshell On Trump’s DISGUSTING Racism Toward Him (VIDEO),"Music mogul Russell Simmons has been friends with Republican nominee Donald Trump for the past 30 years, and has finally come forward to express his opinion on Trump s run for the presidency.In a recent interview with Fortune, Simmons revealed that although Trump had many political and personal beliefs that he didn t agree with, he still found Trump to be a likable person. However, Simmons made it perfectly clear that he didn t think Trump was a  suitable person for the presidency.  In expressing how unqualified Trump was to run the country, Simmons was candid about the racist and anti-semitic comments he heard and witnessed Trump make over the last three decades. Simmons said: People carry beliefs that are hurtful, none of us are enlightened   I would laugh off things he said that were off-color, that kind of didn t represent my viewpoints. Certainly, I heard things that seemed a little racist. Simmons observed that Trump s remarks, which were often times Islamophobic and anti-black, could have devastating consequences on the country. He said: The fear is that his statements would take people who would never even admit to having those seeds of hate in them, and water those seeds, and then those people would say things they wouldn t even imagine saying, and then it became the norm. You can watch Simmons  interview below:[ad3media campaign= 1215 ]Simmons has spoken out about Trump s racism before. Although he may have been trying to be kind to Trump during the Fortune interview, he was much more blunt in a September interview with CNN Money. Simmons told CNN: [Donald] has said racist things for 30 years. White supremacy, he s the epitome of it. He represents the image of white supremacy more than any candidate I ve seen. Having been Trump s friend for several decades, there s no one better to expose who Trump really is. Hopefully, America is listening. Trump s offensive campaign behavior isn t an act for entertainment or shock value   it s who he really is, and it s the kind of President he would be.Featured image via Win McNamee and Frazer Harrison / Getty Images",0
4091, Trump Has Ruined His Own Name So Badly His Hotels Resort To DRASTIC Steps To Bring In Business,"Donald Trump probably thought that running for president would be a huge boon for all his businesses. However, it s starting to look as though that may not be anything like true. Trump Hotels just announced that they re dropping Trump s name from all their new hotels. His name will stay on existing hotels, but new ones will carry the name  Scion. According to Travel and Leisure, the company insists that this move is an attempt to reach Millennials, and has nothing to do with how Trump may have damaged his own brand. They re ignoring the fact that Trump s newest hotel, built inside the historic Post Office building in D.C., actually had to reduce prices to fill rooms during the peak season.But worse than that   they had to drop prices below $500 per night to try and get people in for the International Monetary Fund conference two weeks ago.Every other luxury hotel in that same area sold out weeks ahead of time for that conference, while Trump International struggled to attract guests. As New York Magazine put it: For a five-star hotel in downtown Washington to have vacancies during major IMF meetings is a little like having empty rooms when the Super Bowl is in town.  The reason why there were vacancies is the political atmosphere. People don t want to go there for fear that they would be asked,  Why are you staying here?  says Ada Pena, a travel agent with ABA Travel in Washington, D.C. In addition to that, reservations throughout the company have plunged by well over 50 percent, too, showing that Trump s absurd campaign is destroying his name. A destroyed name means a destroyed brand   he s not nearly the wonderful, amazing, brilliant person and businessman he believes himself to be.It s so bad that, on Oct. 7, Mark Cuban tweeted that Bernard Madoff had a better brand than Trump. For those that don t know, Madoff was behind one of the biggest Ponzi schemes this country ever saw, and is now behind bars. That s how toxic Cuban believes Trump has become to his own businesses.Every single @realDonaldTrump hotel and golf course is toast. Done. Over. Bernie Madoff now has a better brand.  Mark Cuban (@mcuban) October 8, 2016Trump s bragging about being able to sexually assault women definitely doesn t help. Yet, Trump Hotels refuses to acknowledge that their namesake is a source of their problems. They re as delusional as Trump himself over what s happening.Businessman brilliant enough to get the U.S. back on track? Ha! We think not.Featured image by Brian Blanco via Getty Images",0
4092, Curt Schilling Wants Elizabeth Warren’s Seat But Dammit He Just Can’t Figure Out These Jews (VIDEO),"Curt Schilling, who is challenging Elizabeth Warren for her senate seat, took part in an interview on CNN this Friday. And well, let s just say that it didn t go very well for him.Schilling finds himself completely baffled by Jews and just can t figure out why they vote for Democrats. So he decided to ask Jake Tapper because he s a Jewish guy. In hindsight, he will hopefully realize what an ass he made out of himself in the process. I would like to ask you something as a person who is practicing the Jewish faith and has since you were young,  Schilling began. I don t understand  and this is, maybe this is the amateur, non-politician in me  I don t understand how people of Jewish faith can back the Democratic Party, which over the last 50 years has been so clearly anti-Israel, so clearly anti-Jewish Israel,  Schilling charged. I don t know what else would need to be done, said or happen for people to understand that they don t  the Democratic Party is alive for Israel only because we have agreements in place to make them have to be. Tapper, obviously trying to hold it together after such an appalling remark, responded, Well, I don t speak for Jews   and I don t support the Democratic Party or the Republican Party. I would imagine   just to try to answer your question   that one of the reasons many Jews are Democrats has more to do with Democrat support for social welfare programs and that sort of thing than it does for Israel,  said Tapper. And I know that a lot of Jews that are very strong supporters of Israel do support the Republican Party,  he continued,  but   again, I don t speak for Jews. Well, if there was any doubt that Warren would be able to beat Schilling in the upcoming election, there shouldn t be anymore. He just shot himself and his campaign in the foot.Watch Schilling try to figure out the Jews, here:Curt Schilling: You re Jewish. Why are Jews Democrats? Dems hate Israel. Jake Tapper: Well, I don t speak for Jews, but social welfare pic.twitter.com/4CejNNskDO  Matthew Gertz (@MattGertz) October 21, 2016Featured image via video screen capture",0
4093," Trump Tries To Throw Michelle Obama Under The Bus, Falls Flat On His Face Instead (VIDEO)","You would think that after President Barack Obama specifically warned Republican nominee Donald Trump not to attack his wife, Trump wouldn t want to test those waters. Then again, when has Trump ever listened to the advice of anyone other than himself?On Friday during a rally in North Carolina, Trump tried to slam First Lady Michelle Obama by taking a line out of a 2007 campaign speech to smear Michelle, President Barack Obama and his opponent Hillary Clinton. Trump tried to throw each of his biggest threats under the bus when he said:We have a bunch of babies running our country, a bunch of losers. They are babies. We have a president, all he wants to do is campaign. His wife, all she wants to do is campaign.I see how much his wife likes Hillary, but wasn t she the one that started the statement:  If you can t take care of your home, you can t take care of the White House or the country? Trump was quoting a line from Michelle s 2007 speech when she was campaigning for her husband   but he took it completely out of context. Michelle had been talking about how she managed politics, two careers and raising two children. This balancing act between family and work responsibilities is something that many Americans could relate to, which was why she said it. Her words were:One of the things, the important aspects of this race, is role modeling what good families should look like. And my view is that if you can t run your own house, you certainly can t run the White House. Can t do it. So, so we ve adjusted our schedules to make sure that our girls are first, so while he s traveling around, I do day trips. They just know that I was at home to tuck them in at night, and it keeps them grounded, and, and children, the children in our country have to know that they come first. And our girls do, and that s why we re doing this. We re in this race for not just our children, but all of our children. It was a beautiful speech, and it is simply disgusting that Trump would use it in such a negative context. However, it s a sure sign that the business mogul is still bitter about the speech Michelle gave on Thursday, where Michelle accurately stated that Trump could not relate to the average American s struggles. She said:Perhaps living life high up in a tower in a world of exclusive clubs, measuring success by wins and losses, the number of zeros in your bank account. Perhaps you just develop a different set of values. Maybe with so little exposure to people who are different than you, it becomes easy to take advantage of those who are down on their luck. To him, most of America is  them. So basically, the only way Trump can attack Michelle is by making things up and twisting her words   but he only makes himself look stupid in the end. You can watch Trump try to attack the First Lady   and fail   below:Trump comments on FLOTUS as surrogate for Clinton:  His wife, all she wants to do is campaign  pic.twitter.com/9rp9SeKX1C  ABC News Politics (@ABCPolitics) October 21, 2016Featured image via Scott Olson and Paul Morigi / Getty Images",0
4094, Salma Hayek Turned Donald Trump Down For A Date And His Revenge Was Classic Trump,"Donald Trump loves beautiful women. We know that because he s told us that, repeatedly. In fact, he once called hot women his  alcoholism,  especially if they are 17 or 18. Salma Hayek is undeniably beautiful. It s no wonder Trump tried to ask her out. It s also no wonder that she said  no.  What Trump did after that, though was pure Donald Trump.When I met that man, I had a boyfriend, and he tried to become his friend to get my home telephone number,  she said, describing meeting Trump early in her career before she was well-known.  He got my number and he would call me to invite me out. When I told him I wouldn t go out with him even if I didn t have a boyfriend, [which he took as disrespectful], he called   well, he wouldn t say he called, but someone told the National Enquirer,  Hayek continued, adding that she never went out with him. Someone told the National Enquirer   I m not going to say who, because you know that whatever he wants to come out comes out in the National Enquirer. It said that he wouldn t go out with me because I was too short,  she said. Later, he called and left me a message.  Can you believe this? Who would say this? I don t want people to think this about you,  she said.  He thought that I would try to go out with him so people wouldn t think that s why he wouldn t go out with me. Like most things that come out of Trump s mouth, his denial didn t ring true, especially after it was revealed that he paid $120,000 from Trump Foundation money for a prize that included dinner with Hayek.Hayek has never particularly been a fan of Trump. In August, she compared him to a first grader.[ad3media campaign= 1214 ]She is a strong supporter, though, of Hillary Clinton. Just days ago, she made a Spanish language video in support of the Secretary of State.I guess we ll have to wait and see what Trump has to say about Hayek in his next 3:00 Twitter rant.Featured image of Selma Hayek via Mike Coppola/Getty Images | Featured image of Donald Trump via Gerardo Mora/Getty Images.",0
4095," The Daily Caller Edits Woman’s Tragic Pregnancy Story In The SICKEST, Most TWISTED Way Imaginable","The Daily Caller is disgusting. Any media outlet that isn t disgusting wouldn t have been so cold, callous and cruel to a woman who publicly shared her difficult and tragic story of having to terminate her pregnancy after 20 weeks. The New York Times was kind enough to publish Meredith Isaakson s story in an op-ed, but what reporter Rachel Stoltzfoos and The Daily Caller did to it is beyond reprehensible.What did they do? In their own words: We Edited A New York Times Op-Ed On Abortion So It Reads Correctly. Edited so it reads correctly,  does not describe the evil they just published. Isaakson found out her son wasn t likely to survive until birth, let alone after birth, because of a fatal defect in the development of his heart   half of it was missing. It was an abnormality that wasn t detectable until about 20 weeks gestation, even though his heart had stopped developing correctly at five weeks. She then says: In the days that followed, after the poking and prodding, after the meetings with pediatric cardiologists, cardiothoracic surgeons and geneticists, my husband and I decided to terminate our pregnancy. I was 22 weeks pregnant when they wheeled me into the operating room, two weeks shy of viability in the state of California. Here s how The Daily Caller edited that paragraph: In the days that followed, after the poking and prodding, after the meetings with pediatric cardiologists, cardiothoracic surgeons and geneticists, my husband and I decided to terminate our pregnancy [direct an abortionist to rip him limb from limb out of my womb in order to end his life]. I was 22 weeks pregnant when they wheeled me into the operating room, two weeks shy of viability in the state of California [the point when the state of California determined he is a human with the right to live].  [emphasis in original]How does anybody do this to a woman who wanted her baby, but learned that his chances for survival were extremely slim, and was left with a choice no parent should ever have to face? How vile can you be? How black is the heart of someone who can so completely disregard what Isaakson was going through this way?But it gets worse. Isaakson goes on to say: For us, the decision was about compassion for our unborn baby, who would face overwhelming and horribly painful obstacles. Compassion for our 2-year-old son, who would contend with hours upon hours in a hospital, missing out on invaluable time spent with his parents, and the death of a very real sibling. It was about compassion for our marriage. Perhaps most important, it was about our belief that parenthood sometimes means we sacrifice our own dreams so our children don t have to suffer. Here s how The Daily Caller tore her to shreds for that paragraph: For us, the decision was about compassion for our unborn baby, who would face overwhelming and horribly painful obstacles [if we failed to suction him out of my womb with complete disregard for the pain he may already be capable of feeling]. Compassion for our 2-year-old son, who would contend with hours upon hours in a hospital, missing out on invaluable time spent with his parents, and the death of a very real sibling [killing of his brother commissioned by his mom and dad]. It [Killing our son] was about compassion for our marriage. Perhaps most important, it [killing our son] was about our belief that parenthood sometimes means we sacrifice our own dreams [kill our baby boy] so our [other] children don t have to suffer.  [emphasis in original]The entire thing just gets worse, and worse. The Daily Caller has proven themselves to be pro-birth, but not pro-life, and shown that they don t give a flying rat s ass about the pain the original news caused Isaakson and her family, to say nothing of the pain of this decision.If this is how the pro-birth crowd sees this, then they re bereft of compassion, and they re bereft of love and they are bereft of empathy. Their hearts are the darkest of abysses. Sure, they say they re speaking for those who can t speak for themselves, but they do so at the horrific expense of those making the decision. There is no regard for Isaakson, and what she went through, in this perversion of her op-ed.This is probably the coldest, most heartless, most sickening thing a media outlet can do to someone. We sincerely hope that Rachel Stoltzfoos and everyone who was involved in publishing this never face such a terrible, gut-wrenching decision themselves, because nobody should ever have to go through this. Period. She and The Daily Caller owe Isaakson and every other woman who s had to make this awful decision a heartfelt apology, though, at the bare minimum.To read Isaakson s story, click here. To read The Daily Caller s so-called  edit,  click here, but be careful. There are no words bad enough to describe this.Image of The Daily Caller logo by Marquis de Faux, Public Domain via Wikimedia Commons. Flame image by Littlevisuals.co, Public Doman via Pexels",0
4096, Hillary’s Response To Trump Tweeting He Won The Debate Is Pure Comedy Genius (TWEET),"It s not an exaggeration to say that Donald Trump has Narcissistic Personality Disorder. He has pretty much every characteristic to classify him as such:Sorry, not  pretty much every characteristic    absolutely every characteristic.So, when Trump tweeted out that he won the last presidential debate, one where Hillary Clinton clearly wiped the floor with his haystack of hair, this only confirmed his delusional thinking.Trump tweeted out: The results are in on the final debate and it is almost unanimous, I WON! Thank you, these are very exciting times. The results are in on the final debate and it is almost unanimous, I WON! Thank you, these are very exciting times.  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) October 21, 2016Knowing that this is an utter fallacy, yet still not making a big deal of it, Hillary Clinton opted for responding with humor.Hillary s simple, yet very accurate and hilarious response? Where was this kind of comedy last night? Where was this kind of comedy last night? https://t.co/71JhLG55G5  Hillary Clinton (@HillaryClinton) October 21, 2016Of course she s referring to the Al Smith dinner, where not only was Trump not funny, but actually got booed.Trump seems to need to live in the fantasy he s created in his own head where he s actually winning. However, reality will slap him in the face on November 8th when he loses, and in his own words, loses  big league. Featured Photo by Justin Sullivan via Getty Images",0
4097, KKK Poster Boy David Duke Qualifies For Louisiana Senate Debate Being Held At Black University,"Former KKK grand wizard David Duke has officially qualified to participate in the Louisiana state senate debate after pulling in a whopping five percent of the vote in a new poll. The debate will be televised and is being held at a historically black university.Duke, who is a well-known white supremacist, announced in July that he was running for a seat on the Louisiana state senate. Not only has he been disavowed by his fellow Republicans, but the Republican National Committee and Louisiana GOP also looked into ways to boot his bigoted butt out of the party altogether.The debate itself is being hosted by Dillard University, a university in New Orleans that is historically black. Regarding this ironic twist of fate, Duke said Dillard is pretty supportive of Black Lives Matter, and I ve been pretty critical of them.  He added that he plans to request extra security at the event. Go figure.The poll that determined Duke had garnered the necessary five percent of the vote was commissioned by Raycom Media, which is the owner of four television stations throughout the state of Louisiana. The poll was conducted by Mason-Dixon between Oct. 17 to Oct. 19 and included 625 registered voters.As for the rest of the candidates in the race and their standings in the poll, Politico reports:  Louisiana hold its all-party primary on Election Day. A candidate can win the seat with a majority of the vote, but the Senate seat looks almost certain to go to a Dec. 10 runoff between the two top vote-getters that day. GOP State Treasurer John Kennedy led the poll with 24 percent of the vote, followed by Democratic Public Service Commissioner Foster Campbell with 19 percent and Democratic attorney Caroline Fayard with 12 percent. Republican congressmen Charles Boustany and John Fleming earned 12 and 11 percent of the vote, respectively. When Duke announced his bid for the senate seat late last summer, he said that his decision to run had been inspired by the success of Donald Trump. In the video he released, Duke said was  overjoyed to see Donald Trump and most Americans embrace most of the ideas that I ve championed for years. Featured image via video screen capture",0
4098, Trump Declares That He Unanimously ‘WON’ The Third Debate And The Internet LAUGHS At Him,"Grab your popcorn and sit down because Trump just posted a tweet that proves how delusional he really is.It s been two days since the third presidential debate, and Donald Trump s campaign continues to roll downhill in flames like a rickety gasoline-soaked wagon on fire.But Donald Trump, in yet another lie to his supporters, actually claimed on Twitter that he won the debate by a  unanimous  decision. The results are in on the final debate and it is almost unanimous, I WON!  Trump wrote.  Thank you, these are very exciting times. The results are in on the final debate and it is almost unanimous, I WON! Thank you, these are very exciting times.  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) October 21, 2016Apparently, Donald Trump is confused about what winning actually looks like.Because not only did most reaction polls indicate that Hillary Clinton won the debate, the scientific polls indicate she won as well.A CBS News poll found that 49 percent of debate watchers surveyed said Clinton won, which is 10 points higher than the 39 percent who say Trump won.Similarly, Clinton was declared the winner 46 percent to 37 percent of those surveyed by an NBC News/SurveyMonkey poll.Also, the CNN/ORC poll found that Clinton won the debate as well, with 52 percent saying Hillary won versus only 39 percent who said Trump won.And that s not all. Hillary also beat the hell out of Trump in a POLITICO/Morning Consult poll by 17 points, 43 percent to 26 percent.In other words, Trump LOST the debate on Wednesday night in Las Vegas just as he lost the first two.Twitter users certainly think Trump s declaration of victory is a joke. Because they mocked him mercilessly after he posted it.@realDonaldTrump HAHAHAHAHHAHAHAHHAHAHAHAHAHAHHHAH(deep breath)HAHAHAHHAHAHHAHAHAHHAHAHHAHHASo sad. But so funny.  JordanHeath-Rawlings (@TheGameSheet) October 21, 2016.@realDonaldTrump So wait, is every poll saying you won or is the media biased? PICK A LANE PUSSY GRABBER!  Ethan Lawrence (@EthanDLawrence) October 21, 2016I want some of whatever you re smoking. In the real world, the exact opposite is true.@realDonaldTrump https://t.co/k1Gucas64r  Charles Johnson (@Green_Footballs) October 21, 2016.@realDonaldTrump You know this kind of tweet increases the credibility of fraud charges against you for Trump University, right?  Lawrence O Donnell (@Lawrence) October 21, 2016@realDonaldTrump You did horrible in the final debate  m a r y  (@_MaryAli) October 21, 2016@_MaryAli @realDonaldTrump He did horrible in all three debates.  Jeannie See (@JeannieSee) October 21, 2016.@realDonaldTrump Delete your account.  Ryan Sager (@ryansager) October 21, 2016@realDonaldTrump u need to find a dictionary to check the meaning of unanimous  Xain Gardezi (@XainGardezi) October 21, 2016@realDonaldTrump Did you actually *watch* the debate?  Stefan Hechl (@StefanHechl) October 21, 2016@realDonaldTrump https://t.co/XAIbT9wVqO you sure about that!?  Graham Love (@GLove39) October 21, 2016@realDonaldTrump OMG LOL  Craig Scott (@TorbayToday) October 21, 2016@realDonaldTrump / HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA!  alonso arias (@lonchoarias) October 21, 2016@realDonaldTrump Yes, you did win. Second place. Congratulations! Be sure to collect your participation trophy, demented old man!  Vaughan (@rvaughanw) October 21, 2016Can you imagine if Donald Trump declares himself the winner on Election Day after the popular and electoral vote reveal that Hillary won? Because while it s funny to watch Trump call himself the winner of a debate, it won t be very funny if he does the same thing on November 8th even though all of the results clearly show that he is wrong.Featured Image: Justin Sullivan/Getty Images",0
4099, Former RNC Chair Michael Steele Refuses To Vote For Donald Trump,"Donald Trump has dragged the Republican Party so far down the toilet that former Republican National Committee Chairman Michael Steele won t vote for him.During a dinner in San Francisco on Friday, Steele declared that he  will not be voting for Trump  because he has  captured that racist underbelly, that frustration, that angry underbelly of American life and gave voice to that. Indeed, the Republican nominee has aggressively courted the angry white racist vote since the beginning of his campaign, which is why white supremacist groups such as the Ku Klux Klan and neo-Nazis have flocked to him.In fact, Steele finds Trump s rhetoric do disgusting that he admitted that he  was damn near puking during the debates. But while he won t cast his vote for Trump, Steele says he isn t voting for Hillary Clinton either.Regardless, Steele is now the third former GOP Chair to stand against Trump and that s bad news for the Republican Party and their effort to attract minority voters to the ever-shrinking tent. The longer they cling to their new leader, the more and more Republicans will be pushed away. And whether they vote for Hillary or not, the GOP is going to find it almost impossible to make up the difference with their hardcore voters.While the Republican base is rabid, it just doesn t have the numbers to overcome the loss of more moderate voters who have rejected Trump.And Republican leaders only have themselves to blame. They have been pandering to Trump s supporters for years even though racism, sexism, and ignorance are common traits among them. Rather than moving toward the center, Republicans ended up giving these extremists a seat at the table and have found themselves being pushed out of their own home ever since by fringe conservatives who only want more control. Now the party has been hijacked and Republican leaders are going to have a hell of a time trying to wrest control back from them.That may be possible after a few years, but it s likely that the Republican Party will be in chaos for many years to come, which means you can bet that more Republicans are going to find another party to vote for or they won t vote at all.Featured Image: Wikimedia",0
4100," WATCH: ‘Weird Al’ Yankovic Relives The Third Debate, And It’s BEYOND Compare","Who doesn t love  Weird Al  Yankovic and his hilarious parodies of famous songs? This time, though, he teamed up with Songify to re-enact the third presidential debate, poking special fun at two of Donald Trump s many terrible moments. It also relives some of Hillary s most searing burns, and is just all-around perfect.The song is titled,  Bad Hombres, Nasty Women,  which are two of the quotes that the junkyard heap known as Donald Trump is most remembered for right now. The video not only features both Hillary and Trump autotuned to fit the music, but also features  Weird Al  himself in the role of the moderator.The first words of the song, in fact, are,  Such a nasty woman,  from Trump, and then Hillary joins in with: He choked. He choked. He goes around with crocodile tears,  to which Trump can only say,  Such a nasty woman. A little bit later on,  Weird Al  asks the candidates a very important question: To stop a Cold War, what should we be doin ? Would you go thumb-wrestle Vladimir Putin? We have so many adversaries overseas. Can we all agree to be frenemies? Finally, no song about the third debate would be complete without making fun of the Donald s ongoing use of the word,  Bigly,  and  Weird Al  works it in like the maestro he is. But, perhaps one of the best parts are the expressions on  Weird Al s  face as Hillary and King Cheeto answer his questions. Watch below:[ad3media campaign= 1209 ]Featured image via screen capture from embedded video",0
4101, GOP Lawmaker: ‘A Lady Needs To Be Told When She’s Being Nasty’,"A Texas lawmaker just defended Donald Trump s remark toward Hillary Clinton during the third and final presidential debate. Clinton was discussing Social Security and Medicare when Donald interrupted her to say the Democratic presidential nominee is  such a nasty woman.  Apparently Rep. Brian Babin (R-TX) agrees with Donald. You know what, she s saying some nasty things,  Babin told Alan Colmes on this show. You think it s appropriate to call her a nasty woman?  Colmes asked. Well, I m a genteel Southerner, Alan,  Babin replied. So that means no?  Colmes asked. The radio host had to repeatedly press Babin to answer the question. You re ducking me, Congressman,  Colmes said when Babit tried to pivot the topic to immigration. No, I think sometimes a lady needs to be told when she s being nasty. Oh, really?  Colmes asked.Babin replied,  I do. My assessment is that Mrs. Clinton has got so much baggage,  Babin continued.  I think she s done some nasty things. Colmes asked Babin about Trump s  rigged  election  rhetoric.  We re going to have to agree to disagree,  Babin said.The Texas lawmaker went on to blame the media for Trump s negative coverage.Colmes asked who he thought would win in November.  Im sure hoping that Mr. Trump wins,  Babin said.Audio courtesy of CNN:Babin initially backed Sen. Ted Cruz (R-TX) but later threw his support behind the GOP presidential nominee.We re glad that Babin brought up  nasty things.  Trump was recently outed in a video bragging about sexually assaulting women in 1995. Since then, he s gone on to call women fat, slobs, pigs and dogs. He s attacked his sexual assault accusers  looks. The man-baby candidate is whipping his supporters into a frenzy by telling crowds that the election is  rigged.   Trump is a Nasty Man. But thank you, Babin, for mansplaining that women need to be put in their place.The word  genteel  doesn t mean what the Texas lawmaker thinks it means.Image: Gage Skidmore via Flickr",0
4102, John Cleese Just BURNED Trump Voters For Being The Dumbest People On The Planet (TWEETS),"Trump voters are stupid enough to defend him no matter what he does. As Trump himself has pointed out, he could shoot someone in public and not lose a single vote. This is something Monty Python s John Cleese has noticed over the course of the election   and on Friday morning he voiced his frustration on Twitter.After watching a loyal Trump voter step in to defend The Donald s comment that he greets women he finds beautiful with a kiss and pussy-grab, he couldn t take it anymore.  True stupidity,  he writes.  A Trump supporter,defending his awful taped remarks,said  He would never have said that if he d know he was being recorded. True stupidity a Trump supporter,defending his awful taped remarks,said ""He would never have said that if he'd know he was being recorded""  John Cleese (@JohnCleese) October 21, 2016No f*cking sh*t. People   even Trump   generally avoid being recorded saying horrible things. Naturally, his Twitter followers joined in the mockery:@JohnCleese ""I want a president who's only a sexual predator behind closed doors.""  Thor Benson ? (@thor_benson) October 21, 2016@JohnCleese On November 8 we take a census of American imbeciles.  Lee Conway (@klausvoigt) October 21, 2016.@JohnCleese Pretty sure @IvankaTrump said it, too. They forget that character is how you behave when you think nobody's watching.  Myles Standoffish (@DrSchadNFreude) October 21, 2016@JohnCleese Well of course not, he only says bigoted things out loud in public. The sexually gross stuff is for persecuting women in private  Tesla (@MANX38) October 21, 2016@JohnCleese It implies that there are things Trump would never say in public, which is a mind-boggling thought considering what he does say  Henear Kryxerad (@TyphonBaalAmmon) October 21, 2016Cleese has been no stranger to tearing Trump apart, which he has been doing for at least months. Here are some of his best:If Trump is elected,I shall purchase a house in the US.But after four years,when the property prices have bottomed https://t.co/lhocooUpQ3  John Cleese (@JohnCleese) May 31, 2016Good news ! Trump and the GOP have buried the hatchet..And now, the bad news : They buried it in the skull of the United States of America  John Cleese (@JohnCleese) May 13, 2016I learn many of my twits are Trump supporters,who tell me I should hear his speeches So far I've only heard his tapes sorry  John Cleese (@JohnCleese) October 14, 2016Trump and the other Republicans panickers are doing exactly what ISIS are hoping for.And they pretend they are being 'tough' No,just stupid  John Cleese (@JohnCleese) December 20, 2015Fascinating ! Trump's ego has hit a wall. Reality has created a tiny crack in his delusional world. Whatever comes next is going to be good  John Cleese (@JohnCleese) August 6, 2016This conspiracy is WORLDWIDE ! The WHOLE PLANET'S media regard Trump as a coarse,narcissistic,bullying,rambling megalomaniacI forgot Putin  John Cleese (@JohnCleese) October 16, 2016In a recent interview, Cleese  called Trump a  complete clown  with a  dead squirrel  adorning his head, saying the billionaire GOP presidential nominee could have been a character on Monty Python. That confidence that he has   which really comes from a lack of awareness   that is what people are drawn to,  the actor says of Trump.  We have some fairly stupid politicians in England, but we don t approach your scale of stupidity. I m more relaxed now but if I look at the world, I don t think it s ever been in a worse situation. I look at what s going on and there isn t much to be cheerful about,  Cleese says. I look at Trump, and I see a narcissist, with no attention span, who doesn t have clear ideas about anything and makes it all up as he goes along. The actor is exactly right. Trump and his supporters are terrible   but his people will surely be motivated to vote in November. Make sure you get your butt to the polls.Featured image via Getty Images(Matt Cardy/Spencer Platt)",0
4103," Trump Spews FILTH At Charity Event, Audience BOOS Him And CHEERS Hillary (VIDEO)","Democratic and Republican presidential candidates have traditionally gone to New York City s Al Smith Dinner to help raise money for charity and to exchange sharp-tongued  roast  type jokes. But when the event kicked off on Thursday night, Donald Trump decided to head right for the gutter.Instead of light-hearted humor, Trump returned to the well-worn accusations he has peddled for months on the campaign trail. And demonstrating his inability to calmly make jokes or be on the receiving end of them was in full display with Trump yet again.He appeared to straddle the line when he talked about how  listening to Hillary rattle on and rattle on  has made him better appreciate his former nemesis Rosie O Donnell. But he then seemed to cross it when he referred to her as  corrupt  during a lengthy riff on the FBI s investigation into her use of a private email server as secretary of state. Hillary is so corrupt she got kicked off the Watergate Commission. How corrupt do you have to be to get kicked off the Watergate Commission? Pretty corrupt,  he said to loud boos and at least one call demanding he get off the stage.Trump is the ultimate  bubble  candidate. He knows how to throw red meat out to his audience of rabid  deplorables , but as the campaign shows so far, he is unable to translate that into mainstream election results.Trump turned a traditionally lighthearted charity event into yet another venue for his bile to go on display and made the watchers both in-house and watching on TV to shudder. There is just about twenty days left of the Trump campaign and they seem dead-set on losing support in any way possible. Insulting every single American comes from a place of special hatred towards the audience, and it seems this is the way Trump has chosen to go out.Featured image via screen capture",0
4104, Trump Supporter Preparing For ‘WAR’ If Hillary Wins,"Donald Trump set off a lot of alarm bells with his claim in the last presidential debate that he would not graciously concede the election lost unless he had been convinced that the contest was not  rigged,  whatever that means.Commentary from across the political spectrum pointed out that Trump s rhetoric had more in comparison with a dictatorial strongman holding on to power than the democratically elected president of the United States.And now Trump s most diehard supporters are entertaining thoughts of violence if their chosen leader fails to win the race.Jim Moseley is buying extra ammunition and stocking up on canned goods.He is a Donald Trump supporter in South Carolina, and he is preparing for  war.  The civil war he thinks will start if Hillary Clinton is elected president. Once the trucks stop rolling, the grocery shelves will go empty and gasoline rationing will go into effect,  Moseley, who calls himself a  Christian soldier,  wrote in a Facebook message early this week. Liberals will have targets on their backs, as their behaviors are pretty much evident   race wars will begin as well, as your skin color will be your uniform! This is bigger than just Donald Trump, as he is just the latest manifestation of the  paranoid style  on the right, a mindset that has pushed conspiratorial and bizarre ideas for over 50 years. It is the same mindset behind Fox News and its creation by former Nixon aide Roger Ailes, as well as right-wing talk radio and its leading hosts like Sean Hannity and Rush Limbaugh.At a certain point, if you keep telling your most devoted audience that someone is out to get them and they need guns and more to protect themselves and their families, they re going to believe it.Trump s decision to violate the norms of American elections are another sign that he cares more about his ego than the safety of Americans.Featured image via Flickr",0
4105, This Kansas Republican Thought Touting ‘Profound’ Hitler Quote Was A Good Idea – It Wasn’t,"Republicans have a knack for making bad choices, but this one is a whopper. One Kansas Republican thought it would be a good idea to put a post on social media featuring a quote from Adolf Hitler that she deemed  profound. Speaker Pro Tem Peggy Mast, R-Emporia, who happens to also be the No. 3 Republican in the Kansas House, posted the offensive quote to her Facebook page.Great quote from Hitler in the video,  she wrote on Thursday morning, in a post that contained no video.  Please listen to it closely. His words are profound! Let s start using discernment. Christie Kriegshauser, House Speaker Ray Merrick s chief of staff, failed to follow Mast s line of thinking. Sorry, I m confused,  Kriegshauser wrote in response to her first post.  What video and how is there a great quote from Hitler? Although Mast did not return phone calls, she did take to Facebook yet again to, ahem, clarify what she meant by touting quotes from the leader of the Third Reich. She claimed that she  was not in any way agreeing with Hitler s words,  and was just trying to compare him to Planned Parenthood.About an hour later, she added a link to an article from JulieRoys.com, a Christian blog, to her Facebook page. The article contained a video of anti-abortion activist Gianna Jessen giving testimony to Congress regarding Planned Parenthood. In her testimony, Jessen quoted Hitler and argued that he used the same kind of propaganda as the women s health provider. The receptivity of the masses is very limited, their intelligence is small, but their power of forgetting is enormous. In consequence of these facts, all effective propaganda must be limited to a very few points and must harp on these in slogans until the last member of the public understands what you want him to understand by your slogan,  Hitler said in the quote. Rabbi Moti Rieber, executive director of Kansas Interfaith Action, a group that fights against racism, was also unimpressed with Mast s post. There s nothing profound, and there s no room in American politics for the words or thought of Adolph Hitler,  Reiber said.In one of her Nazi-loving Facebook posts, Mast wrote:  To clarify the intent of my previous post: Planned Parenthood has learned well the same tactics and deception used by Hitler regarding innocent lives.   I was making a connection between the ideology he used and the arguments made by Planned Parenthood. In an email, Laura McQuade, president of Planned Parenthood Great Plains Votes, wrote that Planned Parenthood  is a trusted health care provider for thousands of Kansans and we reject and condemn Representative Peggy Mast s offensive remarks. Thankfully, Mast is not running for re-election.Featured image via YouTube",0
4106, Shonda Rhimes Gives Donald Trump A HILARIOUS Education In ‘Late Term Abortion’ (TWEET),"During the last presidential debate, many people were live-tweeting their responses to the candidate s answers. One of those people happened to be the legendary Shonda Rhimes, creator of pretty much every amazing drama on ABC at the moment.During one point in the debate, Donald Trump was talking about late-term abortion. However, he didn t seem to have all his facts right, and he somehow thinks that babies are ripped from the womb in the 9th month.Not being able to refrain from Trump s clear lack of knowledge of women, pregnancy, abortion or the birthing process, Rhimes tweeted out: FYI:  ripping baby from womb in 9th month  is called C-section. #VaginaEducation FYI: ""ripping baby from womb in 9th month"" is called C-section. #VaginaEducation  shonda rhimes (@shondarhimes) October 20, 2016Which is exactly what it is. If a women is nine months pregnant and wants the baby removed, they would do that via C-section, and the baby would be fully developed. If the baby was removed for any other reason that late in the pregnancy it s likely for some tragic reason and Trump really has to keep his orange mouth shut because he has no idea what he s talking about.On the other hand, Hillary Clinton s response during the debate regarding late-term abortion was absolutely on point. She said:Roe v. Wade very clearly sets out that there can be regulations on abortion so long as the life and health of the mother are taken into account. And when I voted as a senator I did not think that that was the case. The kinds of cases that fall at the end of pregnancy are often the most heartbreaking, painful decisions for families to make. I have met with women who have, toward the end of their pregnancy, get the worst news one could get that their health is in jeopardy if they continue to carry to term or that something terrible has happened or just been discovered about the pregnancy. I do not think the United States government should be stepping in and making those most personal of decisions. So you can regulate if you are doing so with the life and health of the mother taken into account. However, Trump doesn t seem to care about women or the life of the mother and is instead catering to his dimwitted base who has no knowledge of basic science, let alone what goes on when a woman is pregnant. Nor does he himself even care to know. He just knows how to sell a point to his audience. He is, after all, a scam artist businessman.Good on Rhimes for giving Trump some  Vagina Education    it d be nice if he learned a little about them before just walking up and grabbing them.Featured Photo by Bryan Bedder/Getty Images for Vulture Festival   Twitter",0
4107, Bette Midler’s Response To Trump Not Accepting Election Results Absolutely MAGICAL (TWEET),"With Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump claiming he may not accept the election results on November 8th if he loses to Hillary Clinton, it s left many people criticizing his crybaby behavior.Not only is not accepting the results of our democratic process unpatriotic and dangerous, but it shows what an absolute toddler Trump actually is. He basically believes that if he doesn t win, then Hillary must have cheated. It wouldn t have anything at all to do with the fact that he s a horrible candidate and an even worse human being.Well, not letting this ridiculosity slip by and go unnoticed was the legendary entertainer extraordinaire, Bette Midler. She took to Twitter and gave the Republican candidate a piece of her hilarious mind.Midler tweeted out: Trump sez he may not accept election results if he loses. I don t accept my ass, but guess what s stuffed in the back of my pants right now. Trump sez he may not accept election results if he loses. I don't accept my ass, but guess what's stuffed in the back of my pants right now  Bette Midler (@BetteMidler) October 20, 2016Basically saying, there are a lot of things in life that are hard to accept, but they are in fact true and what is actually going on.Trump needs to realize that the election results are the will of the people and he needs to accept that because that s what s best for the nation as a whole.What is most obvious is the fact that he clearly knows he is going to lose, or he wouldn t be pushing the narrative that the election is rigged as hard as he is. Hopefully, come the evening of November 8th, he does what s right and not what s best for his ego.Featured Photo by Theo Wargo/Getty Images   Twitter",0
4108, WATCH: Carol Costello HUMILIATES Trump Supporter For Whining About Mythical Voter Fraud,"CNN host Carol Costello was so fed up with a Trump s supporter s claims of voter fraud that she threatened to cut the interview short and then destroyed her with facts.Crazy Trump supporter Betsey McCaughey made every effort to squeeze in every little claim of voter fraud she could think of during her appearance on CNN on Thursday. This nation has been victimized by rampant election fraud,  McCaughey declared, citing a Pew report to claim that dead people are voting, forcing Costello to warn her about making claims that are  not true. McCaughey made her claims in defense of Donald Trump s assertion that the election is  rigged  in favor of Hillary Clinton.When Costello and Democratic strategist Sally Kohn ripped into the Republican nominee for refusing to say that he will concede on Election Day if he loses, McCaughey tried to spin it by claiming that Trump didn t say he wouldn t accept the results, only that he would wait until the results come in before he makes a decision.However, her spin is now void because Trump told a crowd in Ohio that he will only accept the results  if I win. When McCaughey continued to falsely claim that there is mass voter fraud in this country, Costello slammed the brakes on the discussion and told McCaughey that if she continues to lie her mic will be cut.COSTELLO:  Stop! Or I m going to have to cut this interview short. McCaughey:  You don t want people to hear the evidence? As McCaughey continued to make her claims, the discussion only became more heated as a frustrated Costello put an end to the discussion and called for a break while producers pulled up some evidence for Costello to hit McCaughey with.Here s the video via YouTube.But McCaughey had no evidence and Costello proved it after the commercial break by playing video of Ohio s Republican Secretary of State Jon Husted saying that Trump s claims are  irresponsible  and that America s system of elections are fair and secure and  we should not question the legitimacy of it. Costello then informed McCaughey that the Pew reports she cited only says that there are dead voters still registered and that the system needs to be updated. It did NOT say that these dead people are voting.Sally Kohn then pointed out that a comprehensive study found that out of one billion votes cast between 2000 and 2014, there were only 31 possible cases of voter fraud.Here s that video via YouTube.In short, voter fraud is a myth perpetuated by Republicans in order to justify voter ID laws designed to suppress voters and as an excuse to explain how Democrats are able to win elections.Donald Trump is using the myth as an excuse to why he would lose to Hillary Clinton and he is making a treasonous mockery of our democratic process by doing so.Featured Image: Screenshot",0
4109, BREAKING: Trump Declares He Will Only Accept Election Results ‘If I Win’ (VIDEO),"Donald Trump just declared himself a threat to our democracy.During the final presidential debate in Las Vegas on Wednesday night, Republican nominee Donald Trump told moderator Chris Wallace that he will decide on Election Day whether he will accept the results or not.  I will keep you in suspense,  he said.Trump s refusal to say that he would accept the results of the debate no matter what has caused a national outcry and concern that his supporters will cause violence and chaos on Election Day if he loses.And Trump only fanned the flames even more on Thursday when he made a stunning declaration that makes it clear how he will react on November 8th if Hillary Clinton wins. I would to promise and pledge to all of my voters and supporters, and to all of the people of the United States that I will totally accept the results of this great and historic presidential election   if I win,  Trump said at a rally in Delaware, Ohio.He then pointed at the crowd and they cheered.Here s the video via YouTube.In addition, Trump accused Hillary Clinton s campaign of inciting violence and said hers  is truly a campaign that will do anything to win. This is treason, pure and simple. Donald Trump just openly admitted that he has no intention of conceding if Hillary Clinton wins the election. Instead, he vowed to undermine our democracy and unleash his army of supporters upon the nation, the very supporters who have threatened to violently overthrow the government and assassinate Hillary Clinton if their candidate loses.Donald Trump just disqualified himself, and Republican leaders must denounce him and do everything in their power to remove him from the ballot.This kind of rhetoric is dangerous and could very well end up getting people killed, and that is unacceptable in this country.Featured Image: Screenshot",0
4110, WATCH: Keith Olbermann SKEWERS Trump And GOP For Undermining Our Democracy,"In a video that everyone should see, GQ special correspondent Keith Olbermann had strong words for Donald Trump in response to his refusal to accept defeat if Hillary Clinton wins on Election Day.During the debate in Las Vegas last night, moderator Chris Wallace asked Trump point-blank if he will accept the results of the election. Trump replied by saying that he will have to look at it at the time and that  I will keep you in suspense. In other words, Trump is leaving open the possibility that he will reject the results on Election Day and refuse to concede defeat because he thinks he will be cheated of victory, which gives his rabid supporters the opening to follow through on their threats of bloody violence if the election doesn t go their way.Trump s insistence that the election is  rigged  and his refusal to say that he will accept the results and bow out with dignity like every other losing presidential candidate has done throughout American history is a threat to our democracy and the public safety.And Keith Olbermann was so outraged by Trump s debate answer that he exploded in righteous condemnation.Olbermann said Trump s remarks make him ineligible to run for president and told Trump to  burn in hell  for undermining our sacred democratic tradition of peaceful transfer of power. It was the first time in American history, through dozens of venomous painful campaigns and a series of impossibly close elections, the first and only time that a candidate of a major party had violated the fundamental precept of our democracy. It shakes every one of our freedoms, it mocks every dead American soldier, it spits in every sacrifice made under our flag. It has no comparison,  Olbermann continued, citing Al Gore, Andrew Jackson, and Samuel Tildon as examples of candidates who conceded defeats after close nasty elections. It foments revolution. It was and is the moral equivalent of treason. And this time it slipped passed no one. Not the moderator, not Fox News, not even Breitbart.com. No one. It was not a flash of anger from a man who gets angry once an hour. It was not another slab of red meat thrown to his crazed supporters. It was not another outrageous statement to throw up against the wall in this cheap reality game show version of a presidential campaign. He meant it! He means it! Olbermann made it clear that Trump is a danger to our values and Constitution and he only got angrier as he outed Trump as the unpatriotic sore loser that he is. Donald Trump is not invested in Democracy! Donald Trump is not invested in our Constitution! Donald Trump is not invested in America! Donald Trump is not invested in preventing people from being killed on the streets after an election like this were a Third World police state! Burn. In. Hell! In fact, Trump is so dangerous now that Olbermann called upon Republican leaders to to do everything within legal means to end Trump s candidacy because if they do not, they are responsible for whatever happens on Election Day and after. This is bigger than who is the next president of who is the next RNC chair or who is the next Speaker of the House,  Olbermann declared.  This is our democracy imperiled from within by a man you have permitted to speak for you. Compel him to withdraw! Now! Litigate against him, find enough doctors and have him declared psychiatrically incompetent. At minimum, cut off his funding completely and denounce him in the strongest possible terms because this nightmare, this fascist, this Trump is now your responsibility He must not be allowed the opportunity to keep us in suspense. Here s the video via Twitter.NEW: after he again subverts the sanctity of our elections, my message to @realDonaldTrump: Burn. In. Hell. pic.twitter.com/q2gvPAgq9P  Keith Olbermann (@KeithOlbermann) October 20, 2016Donald Trump is insane and his supporters are insane enough that they may end up committing acts of bloody violence whether Trump concedes or not. That s how deranged they are because of Trump s rhetoric.The Republican Party needs to be severely punished at the polls for this on Election Day. They need to lose by a landslide to end this extremism and bloodthirstiness once and for all.Featured Image: Screenshot",0
4111, America’s Most Corrupt Sheriff Set To Lose Re-Election Bid In A LANDSLIDE,"Two days ago, a poll from the Arizona Republic/Morrison/Cronkite News had Democrat Paul Penzone beating out Republican Joe Arpaio for the office of Sheriff of Maricopa County, Arizona. Arpaio, who is seeking his seventh term, has branded himself America s  toughest  sheriff.He also has a reputation for being a lawless thug who uses racial discrimination to crack down on illegal immigration.In just two days, Arizonans have gone further with their dissatisfaction with America s  toughest sheriff. A brand new poll from the Arizona Republic/Morrison/Cronkite News, released early Thursday, shows Democrat Paul Penzone s lead growing astronomically. In just two days, Penzone has gone from a 10 point lead to a 15 point lead over Arpaio, 46 to 31 percent. Penzone skyrocketed in the polls after reports surfaced that federal prosecutors will charge him with criminal contempt after a judge recommended the charges stemming from a racial profiling case   in which the court found Arpaio and his posse willfully disobeyed the court s order not to racially profile.In August, a poll conducted by Cronkite found that 57.3 percent of registered voters in Maricopa county either found Arpaio  unfavorable  or  very unfavorable.  That was before it was announced that federal prosecutors would be charging him for breaking the law.The same poll released on Thursday also shows that 68 percent of Arizonans do not agree with deporting every illegal immigrant living in the state.Arpaio was first elected sheriff in 1992 and has won every election since. However, every election has shown Arpaio losing support. In 2000, Arpaio won with 65 percent of the vote. In 2012, the last election, he barely clinched a majority, just passing the 50 percent mark.Never before has a Democratic challenger surpassed Arpaio in the polls. Considering Clinton has a real shot at winning Arizona, and the two most recent polls show Arpaio losing by double digits, Arizona may become just a little bluer than ever before.And what a big F-You that would send to Trump s xenophobic, racist movement. Losing the state affected by illegal immigration the most and sending it s most ardent racist home with it. Forty-four percent of residents in Maricopa county do not support  the wall  Trump and Arpaio want to build, while only 13 percent do.Arizona, get ready to say goodbye to Joe Arpaio!Featured image via Ralph Freso/Getty Images",0
4112, Trump SEETHING After Congressman Obliterates Him For ‘Nasty Woman’ Debate Insult (TWEETS),"There were many notable moments from last night s presidential debate thanks to Republican nominee Donald Trump, who made it a debate to remember (not necessarily a good thing, in his case). Not only did Trump imply that he would not accept the election s results if he was defeated by Hillary Clinton, but he once again proved that he has ZERO respect for women when he insulted her on the debate stage.Ironically, this attack came after Trump insisted that  no one has more respect for women than I do . Clinton had been talking about Social Security and Medicare, and Trump jumped in to interrupt so he could call her  such a nasty woman.  It was a completely random attack, and the perfect display of Trump s lack of self control and misogyny in action.As soon as it happened, social media exploded with rage as Americans rushed to criticize Trump s blatant disrespect of not only the former Secretary of State, but women everywhere. It wasn t long before the hashtag #nastywoman was being used far and wide, slamming the business mogul for his sexist outburst. One response, however, has Trump particularly p*ssed off. Rep. Jim Himes (D-Conn.) said it best when he tweeted: Women who disagree with you aren t  nasty.  In this case, they are what is known as  right.' TwitterHell yes. And we all know how much fragile Donald HATES being proven wrong! More politicians jumped into the conversation on Trump s dangerous attitude toward women while watching the debate. Sen. Barbara Boxer (D-Calif.) also came forward to point out how dishonest Trump s remarks about respecting women were. Her attack was flawless:TwitterIf you look at any interview, footage, etc. of Trump talking about women before or during his presidential campaign, it is extremely rare that you ll find him saying something nice about them   much less respecting them. Trump has a horrifying long history of degrading, objectifying, insulting and belittling women, as well as a track record of sexually assaulting them. This man is dangerous for women and he is dangerous for America   everything he says and does proves that he cannot and should not be our next President.Featured image via Chip Somodevilla / Getty Images",0
4113, Sarah Palin Calls For Executing Democratic ‘Cheaters’ On Election Day,"Sarah Palin agrees with Donald Trump that Democrats will somehow cheat to help Hillary Clinton win on Election Day, and her final solution is to kill them.In a post-debate rant on Facebook, America s village idiot wrote that Trump is  wise  for refusing to say whether he will accept the election results on November 8th if Hillary Clinton wins.During the debate, the Republican nominee said everyone will just have to wait and see because he wants to keep America in  suspense. His answer was outrageous and unpatriotic because if Trump chooses to reject the results on Election Day and claim that the contest was rigged, he would not only be causing a Constitutional crisis, his supporters have already threatened to attempt a bloody violent coup and an effort to assassinate Clinton.But Sarah Palin is okay with this. Seems silly media sheep are all chomping down on one issue after this debate, at least according to all the reporters who hollered out this same question to me:  What about Trump not accepting the election results?  Palin wrote.More power to Trump for explaining how vitally important the legitimacy of every election is to our democracy within our Republic.What reasonable person would preemptively accept any and all hypothetical questions and conditions of any hypothetical election? Trump s answer was RIGHT.Every American s sacred vote MUST be respected and legitimized in today s elections   but they must be FAIR elections. We re in the midst of proof of voter fraud and questionable   even violent   participatory elements in campaigns. That s why state legislators are now cracking down on voter fraud via tighter laws ensuring the security of our elections.When Trump is pressed on this, it harkens back to all the GOP primary candidates who screamed at Trump to support the Republican nominee   no matter what   and Trump initially responded that he could, depending on fair treatment. That is WISE and INSIGHTFUL! Trump got screwed in that deal when he eventually pledged to support the nominee and then some of his fellow candidates turned tail and refused to reciprocate when Trump won.Trump learned   why give opponents permission and incentive to act unfairly and cheat? It s shortsighted to commit to accepting the outcome of a race REGARDLESS of unscrupulous cheaters. How totally unfair that would be to the American voter!Except that voter fraud is exceedingly rare in this country despite what Palin and Trump claim. In fact, a comprehensive study found that out of one billion votes cast between 2000 and 2014 only 31 cases of fraud were found.And then Palin echoed Trump supporters with the following threat. Trump gave potential cheaters fair warning that we ll not give them any quarter,  she wrote.  We ll hold them accountable. They d better be on their toes. Cheaters will not win. Here s her full rant via Facebook.Trump has basically accused minority and Democratic voters of being cheaters, which means Sarah Palin just called for executing anyone that Trump s poll watching-thugs accuse of cheating on Election Day, and that includes Hillary Clinton and members of the media.You might point out that Palin didn t use the words  execute  or  kill,  however, she specifically said that  we ll not give them any quarter. No quarter is a term that is defined as follows:In war, a victor gives no quarter (or takes no prisoners) when the victor shows no clemency or mercy and refuses to spare the life of a vanquished opponent in return for their surrender at discretion (unconditional surrender).So, yes, Sarah Palin is among the Trump supporters who are threatening violent rebellion if the election does not go Trump s way.Featured Image: Screenshot",0
4114, Court Forces Ohio To Allow Millions Of Illegally Purged Voters Back On The Rolls,"Donald Trump is semi-right: this election might be rigged. However, this election is rigged against the people, not him.Take a look at Ohio, a key battleground state in the never-ending 2016 election. After purging more than two million voters from the roles, a high court smacked down Republican Secretary of State John Hustad for violating the National Voter Registration Act.Hustad s purge, which included some dead people and those who moved out of state, also included those who moved in the same county and those who have not voted in past elections (at least since 2011). Those who were purged were overwhelmingly black, low-income and Democratic voters. A Reuters investigation found that in the state s major cities (Cleveland, Columbus, and Cincinnati) the voters in Democratic-leaning neighborhoods and precincts were illegally purged at twice the rate as in Republican.So, on Wednesday night, while everyone was watching the final presidential debate (in which Trump again claimed the election is rigged against him), the United States District Court for the Southern District of Ohio, at the behest of Republican appointee Judge George C. Smith, ordered the voters   save the dead and moved   back onto the rolls immediately and have their voting rights restored.Judge Smith accused Hustad of voter disenfranchisement, writing:If those who were unlawfully removed from the voter rolls are not allowed to vote, then the Secretary of State is continuing to to disenfranchise voters in violation of federal law.The case was originally heard by the 6th U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals, which also ruled against Hustad, but was sent back to the District Court for a rehearing. Obviously, both courts realized the illegal power grab by the state at the behest of the GOP, and they weren t having it.Time and time again the courts have struck down illegal rigging practices by the Republicans, thus saving the nation from an unbalanced electoral system. Voting is a right in this country, and partisan politicos should not have the power to take it away just because.If anyone can complain about a rigged election, it s Hillary Clinton.Featured image via John Sommers II/Getty Images",0
4115, WATCH: Van Jones Epically SCOLDS Trump Supporters For Defending ‘Rigged Election’ Debate Talk,"When Donald Trump s CNN stooges tried to defend his remarks about whether he would accept the results of the election or not, Van Jones scolded them into humiliation.Donald Trump s debate performance once again suffered because of his big mouth and his refusal to stop claiming that the election is  rigged  against him.When asked by moderator Chris Wallace on Wednesday night if he will concede defeat if the election results favor Hillary Clinton, Trump stunned everyone by basically leaving the question into an Election Day cliffhanger. I will look at it at the time,  Trump said.  I will keep you in suspense. Trump s refusal to accept the democratic process is dangerous and is totally unprecedented in the history of our country. Whoever loses the election has always conceded defeat and acknowledged the winner as the president-elect.But Trump may do the opposite and refuse to accept the results, which could touch off a Constitutional crisis as well as riots and acts of violence by Trump supporters in protest of their candidate s defeat.Trump supporters Jeffrey Lord and Kayleigh McEnany, however, actually tried defending Trump s toddler-like behavior during CNN s post-debate discussion. And Van Jones was having none of it.He ripped both of Trump s mouthpieces to shreds and shamed them for defending a man who is unpatriotic and a disgrace to American Democracy. This is a really sad night,  Jones said.  This is a very sad night for the country. You can t polish this turd. I m going to be very, very clear about this. Al Gore respected the Constitution, respected the process, respected every voter. He went to our Supreme Court, asked for a resolution on his own terms as did George W. Bush. And when the election results were certified, he told his party and base to stand down and accept this, even though a lot of us were very, very upset. What you just got now was the nominee of a major party for the first time in our history signaling to the American people that he has so little faith in our institutions, that he has so little faith in our people, and so little faith in our courts, and so little faith in the Republican governors, the Republican secretaries of state across this country that he will not stand in front of his own country, in front of his own nation and say that he respects the process and the outcome. Indeed, despite a close race in 2000 that could have gone Gore s way had the Supreme Court allowed the recount to continue, the former vice-president accepting the Court s decision and conceded the race, something Trump may actually refuse to do on November 8th even if he loses by a landslide.Trump s refusal to say that he will accept the results of the election if he loses angered Jones tremendously, enough that he called Trump  unpatriotic  and told Lord and McEnany that they should be ashamed of themselves for defending him. That is an outrage! The appalling lack of patriotism from this man. The appalling lack of patriotism of this man to say this and praise Putin and Assad more than he has ever praised any American president. He doesn t talk about George Washington, He doesn t talk about Ronald Reagan the way he talks about Putin and Assad. This man has demonstrated an appalling lack of patriotism and you should be ashamed to defend it. Here s the video via VidMe.At this point, anyone who has defended Trump should be ashamed of themselves, and frankly, none of them should be able to get a job after this election is over. The things Donald Trump has said over the course of this campaign are indefensible and embarrassing. As Americans, Lord and McEnany should be embarrassed by their candidate s temper tantrums and outrageous claims. But they are not, and that s why Van Jones took it upon himself to put them in their place.Featured Image: Screenshot",0
4116, Trump Just Said Hillary Is The Reason He’s Branded As A Sexual Predator,"In the last debate, Trump had to answer for the allegations that he d sexually assaulted women, which came out on tape courtesy of David Farenthold at the Washington Post. He was just asked about it again, and now, not only are all these allegations false, according to The Donald, but Hillary is behind all of it.He thinks Hillary and her campaign are the reason that he s now called a sexual predator.No, really. We are not even kidding. He said that during tonight s debate: First of all, the stories have been largely debunked. Those people, I don t know those people. I have a feeling how they came I believe it was her campaign that did it. Did what? Hillary contacted all of them, coerced them into accusing Trump of sexual assault, and then put it under a spotlight? Is that what he s saying?He would, no doubt, say no. However, he also claims that Hillary and Obama paid people to cause violence at his rallies: They hired people. They paid them fifteen hundred dollars and they re on tape saying be violent cause fights do bad things. Really? He extended that to Hillary, and now he seriously thinks Hillary planted people to accuse him of sexual assault to bolster her campaign. With that nonsense, there s no way to believe anything he says about his victims.Six witnesses from People just came forward, saying they know that Natasha Stoynoff s story is true. He s on tape saying that he kisses beautiful women without waiting for them to consent. He said,  Grab them by the pussy. Whatever,  when talking about how women let him do whatever he wants because he s a star.And Hillary s responsible for him being branded a sexual predator? Oh, please.Featured image by Scott Olson via Getty Images",0
4117, Trump Just Said The Most Racist Thing Imaginable About Latino Immigrants,"The only way that Trump can talk about immigration, and immigrants, is in racist terms. For someone other than, well, someone in a position of power, it d probably be easy to explain his use of the term,  bad hombres,  as simple ignorance. Maybe. With him and his racist tendencies, though,it s not, and he proved that during the final presidential debate.In talking about undocumented immigrants and the crime they re supposedly committing, he said: But we have some bad hombres here that were going to get them out. Because that s what everyone wants, supposedly. What he misses isn t just that his border wall and deportation force plans aren t realistic   he also misses the fact that saying,  bad hombres,  is horribly racist. Why is that?Using a culture s own language to attack them is inherently racist.  Hombre  means  man,  in Spanish, and specifically refers to  tough men.  But using it against them like that is to demean the entire race and the entire culture.Trump doesn t care, though. He has a very long and well-documented history of racism. He doesn t care what he says, but there he is, up on that stage, calling undocumented immigrants  bad hombres,  for the purpose of painting Latinos as inherently bad people.That s not a U.S. president.Featured image by Chip Somodevilla via Getty Images",0
4118, Brainless Misogynist: Women Wouldn’t Need Tampons If They Had Any Self-Control,"A 19-year old kid is upset about the debate over the U.K. s  tampon tax,  because he considers tampons to be luxury items. Why are tampons luxury items in his world? Incredibly enough, it s not because men don t need them. It s because, in this kid s eyes, women should just not bleed until they re able to get to a toilet. Because, you know, periods totally work that way.It might seem like this is satire, but it s not. This kid actually does think this way, despite having a girlfriend. He said: People are saying tampons shouldn t be taxed because they are a necessity but why can t those women just learn to control their bladders?If they are going to bleed then they should wait until they get to the toilet. It s all about self-control.If you can t control your bladder then that s not the taxpayers  problem. I don t urinate everywhere and expect free nappies. For this nonsense, he earned an awful lot of what he calls hate, and that s not surprising at all. He needs a biology lesson and everyone who s said so is right. Despite his obvious deficiencies, Ryan fancies himself a politician and  politics expert,  and says on his Instagram account,  Making the #meninist movement mainstream once again.  The meninist movement is basically the men s rights movement, which is full of poor, put-upon guys who think women are oppressing them and are the devil.The comments on the picture below, via his Instagram account, explain it all:Bumped into @brooklynbeckham #brooklynbeckhamA photo posted by @ryanwilliams97 on Sep 20, 2016 at 2:43pm PDTEven that doesn t stop him, though. In response to what he no doubt sees as the preposterous idea that he doesn t know anything about biology here, he said: People have told me that I must have skipped biology lessons but I don t understand how that is relevant. I have even had death threats.People are saying it isn t dirty, it s natural but urine and faeces are natural and still dirty. It s utter hypocrisy. He s thrilled that men agree with him on the issue of tampon taxes, because of course they do, and that may have swelled his head because he s as egotistical as he clueless. He actually said on his Facebook page:  For TV requests, contact me directly. He s also been dumb enough to start what can only be termed a sarcastic GoFundMe campaign for biology lessons, which he proved he needs because he still can t understand why women can t just hold their bladders. He believes we re all lazy because we don t, and has the most bizarre example of why it s just a matter of self control: My gorgeous Toy Poodle, castrated when she was a puppy to stop the periods and to prevent any aggression PMT would give her.If your bladder is too weak  which clearly it is for most of you, then see a doctor and have the same procedure. What does that even mean? You can t castrate a female   he s suggesting that women get hysterectomies to stop their periods. This guy thinks we actually like bleeding for a week every single month for most of our lives. Or, at the very least, that we don t mind it. Then again, he also says his girlfriend never bleeds. Too bad his GoFundMe isn t serious. He s in dire need of those biology lessons.Featured image via screen capture from embedded photo",0
4119, Bernie HILARIOUSLY Trolls Paul Ryan On Twitter – All While Helping Down-Ballot Dems (TWEET),"Vermont Senator Bernie Sanders is in full campaign mode, and it shows. He s also having a high old time trolling House Speaker Paul Ryan, who is under a seemingly crippling amount of stress due to his own party s buffoonish nominee, Donald Trump.Earlier in the week, Ryan spoke to a group of young Republicans in his home state of Wisconsin, and had dire warnings regarding what could happen if Democrats take back the Senate: that their worst nightmare would come true, and Bernie would be heading up the Budget Committee. Ryan said to the University of Wisconsin students: If we lose the Senate, do you know who becomes the chairman of the Senate Budget Committee? A guy named Bernie Sanders. You ever heard of him? Ryan s remarks were not missed by Bernie. He tweeted: I heard what @SpeakerRyan said: If the GOP loses the Senate, I ll be the Budget chairman. Sounds like a good idea. Here is the tweet:I heard what @SpeakerRyan said: If the GOP loses the Senate, I'll be the Budget chairman. Sounds like a good idea. https://t.co/9EFfzgimCX  Bernie Sanders (@BernieSanders) October 19, 2016Aside from the obvious trolling, the best thing about the tweet is that it links to an opportunity to donate to Democratic candidates for the United States Senate. This is entirely possible, since Democrats only need to pick up five seats to take the Senate   four if we take the White House, since the Vice President is the tie-breaker in votes.Hopefully, Donald Trump continues to tear the GOP apart, and Paul Ryan s warning becomes a glorious reality for Democrats and assorted left-wingers everywhere.Featured image via Darren McCollester/Getty Images",0
4120, This Man Just Exposed A Sorry Truth About A Vital Part Of Trump’s Campaign,"We ve been drowning in the final stretch of this presidential election cycle since August. At three weeks out, both candidates should have their ground games well-established, and even be working overtime in a lot of cases, to reach as many voters as possible. Apparently, though, none of this is true for Trump. Like his outward campaign, his ground game has no cohesion or organization at all, and what few volunteers there are don t seem to care about the actual business of campaigning for a presidential candidate: [T]hese people cared more about the reality show Trump had created, then [sic] the reality of the campaign itself. That s what Scott David Shapiro, who maintains a news blog on Medium, said after he embarked on a suicide mission to see if Trump s ground game was as  big league  as he was making it sound.First things first   it took Trump forever to open up local campaign offices a move especially perplexing in swing states where he needs a ground game and Shapiro wanted to see just what was going on after he heard that such offices were finally opening.His first stop was in Mesa, Arizona. Not quite a swing state, but in play because Trump is so awful. He immediately ran into problems when he got there. He had an address, but no phone number and the Arizona Republican Party didn t have a number either. Strange. Shapiro soldiered on with the info he had, and this is what happened: [W]hen I arrived at 1234 S. Power Road, I found a large office complex  with no cars in the parking lot. This struck me as odd considering the office was supposed to be open 7 days a week. But I pressed on, finding myself standing in front of Suite 251.This was supposed to be the Trump Victory Office, but I stood there confused as there was nothing on door indicating it as such. Then, I peered through the half-drawn blinds, noticing a ceiling fan was spinning inside. So, I took a deep breath, reached for the handle and opened the door  walking right into a COMPLETELY EMPTY ROOM. WTF? He went on to say that he finally found someone in there, but that one, single person could only say,  I think you re in the wrong place. Um. What?Anyway. Strike one, and Shapiro was off to find the next office, which had just opened up in Long Beach, CA, at the Cambodian Cultural Center. Hokay, then. That sounds like a really odd place for a presidential campaign s local office, but minority outreach, maybe?Shapiro had to go there TWICE to actually find the office, and when he did: [T]here was no  big-league  ground game to be found. This office was strictly the minors. Neither of the tiny, two staff operation had ever run a campaign office before. And it showed  they were selling yard signs for 25 bucks a pop when they should be given out for free for fuck s sake!I told them I had previous campaign experience, and they practically rolled out the red carpet for me. Completely unvetted, they placed me at the front desk, where I sat by my lonesome for an hour. In this office, he was very quickly tapped to participate on a three-person  debate the debate  panel when nobody even knew his name. He volunteered there for two weeks, astonished that all the bluster from Trump supporters and campaign staff had amounted to a severe lack of anything resembling a ground game.Finally, a friend of Shapiro s in Tampa mentioned a Trump Victory Office there, and oh my god! Trump is opening these offices all over Florida, right where they need to be! So Shapiro packed his bags again and headed down to Florida: [W]hen I arrived at the Trump Victory South Tampa office, I realized there was nothing to fear but fear itself. Unbelievably, this office had even less going on in it then freaking Long Beach! Sure, there were more staff members, but volunteers were few and far between Day after day, the excuses for the lack of bodies started to pile up, ranging from Republicans were too busy because they had JOBS to Hurricane Matthew s imminent arrival. But the hurricane came and went with nary a raindrop in Tampa. And then the  Access Hollywood  tape that proved Trump is a sexual predator came out, and the office just ground to a halt, according to Shapiro. Excuses for why people weren t coming in to volunteer turned to great weather and sports, but the fact was that the  boots on the ground  that Trump implied were everywhere just weren t anywhere.It s not just Shapiro s blog post. He tweeted about his progress throughout this project, and also found someone else who was trying to locate Trump s  ground game. Yet, when it came to debate parties, turnout was yuuuuge, showing Shapiro that Trump s supporters are  all talk and no action.  This was true even for the second debate, which was after the  Access Hollywood  tape came out. They re there for the glitz and glamour, but when it comes to doing real work, they avoid it like the plague.Featured image by Kena Betancur via Getty Images",0
4121, BREAKING: One Of Trump’s Guests For The Last Debate Can See Russia From Her House (IMAGE),"There s been news erupting all over the place regarding what guests Donald Trump will be inviting to the last presidential debate. So far, we know he s bringing in the mom of a Benghazi victim, and President Obama s half-brother. Random, we know.Well, it seems as if the circus is about to get a new performer, because word just came in that Trump has invited someone else as well.NBC News correspondent Hallie Jackson let us all in on a little secret, and that is that Trump has invited none other than former half-term governor and failed reality TV star Sarah Palin to be his guest at the debate.So: Trump source tells me @SarahPalinUSA is an invited guest to tonight's #debate.  Hallie Jackson (@HallieJackson) October 19, 2016That s right, this dynamic duo of crazy:Photo by Darren Hauck/Getty ImagesTrump seems to think he s pulling out all the stops. Meanwhile, Democratic presidential nominee Hillary Clinton is probably sitting in a room somewhere doing this:Photo by Justin Sullivan/Getty ImagesIf it seems like Trump is looking desperate, well, it s because he is. He s down by double digits in national polls, and many notoriously red states have the very real possibility of turning blue this year.He s either being this ridiculous on purpose just to give comedy writers material, or he really is just that crazy. My guess in the latter.Featured Photo by Joe Raedle via Getty Images",0
4122, Ivanka Just Threw Her Father Under The Campaign Bus: ‘I’m NOT A Surrogate’ (VIDEO),"Hours before the third and final presidential debate, even Trump s own daughter is trying to distance herself from her father s failing campaign.During Fortune s The Most Powerful Women Summit, Ivanka Trump was asked about the role she has taken on as one of the most visible members of the inner circle of a Republican nominee who just in the last two weeks has body shamed a Miss Universe contestant and appeared in that [Access Hollywood] tape and suggested that other women that accused him were too unattractive [for him] to have assaulted. My brand was launched far before the presidential cycle commenced,  Ivanka responded.  And I ve always tried to maintain complete separation between that and the campaign. I hate the word surrogate,  she added.  Because what does that mean? When people talk about I m his confidante   at one point, major newspapers were writing that I was a vice presidential candidate. I m saying, no, I m a daughter. She also said that except for childcare and women s rights, she keeps her views on policy  to herself. She then reiterated that she does not consider herself to be a Republican. But I m not a surrogate,  she insisted.  I m a daughter. I stood in front of the [Republican National Convention] and shared that I m an independent, which is very consistent with many other millennials. But I do dismiss this idea of a surrogate because I don t think it appreciates the role that I m playing as my father s daughter  I m not the campaign mastermind. You can watch Ivanka Trump s interview, here:<iframe width= 560  height= 315  src= https://www.youtube.com/embed/2Rr56ReOGYk  frameborder= 0  allowfullscreen></iframe>Featured image via video screen capture",0
4123, Ivanka Won’t Defend Trump’s “Rigged” Election Claims In AWKWARD Pre-debate Interview (VIDEO),"Things started to fall apart faster than ever just hours before Donald Trump would face off against Hillary Clinton in the final presidential debate.As everyone geared up and prepared for one of the most monumental moments of this election cycle, Ivanka Trump was stuck trying to defend her father s ridiculous whiney complaints at the Fortune Most Powerful Women Summit this afternoon. While the event was certainly not focused on Trump, he would undoubtedly come up in conversation, as America has never had a candidate that hates and disrespects women to the degree that Trump has.However, it seems that even Ivanka may be fed up with defending her father s outrageous acts and comments. When Ivanka was questioned about her father s insistence that this election has been rigged against him, Ivanka refused to back up his claims and instead tried to pivot the conversation away from The Donald s voter fraud conspiracy. Instead, Trump s favorite (and most lusted after) daughter avoided the question and said: I will tell you that the media has been vicious. Ivanka then went into a cringe-worthy rant about how the media s reports weren t  fair and fact-checked  and that Trump s campaign has been held to  a different level  than what is normally allowed (did she mean a much lower level?).As her embarrassing response dragged on, Ivanka also tried to insist that somehow her father s campaign hasn t permanently ruined the Trump brand, which is pretty preposterous. While Trump may have attracted racists, misogynists and white power advocates, the majority of America is appalled by Trump and his views and this will undoubtedly be reflected in the future of Trump s businesses. You can watch Ivanka try to get out of answering the Trump question below:[ad3media campaign= 1187 ]Poor Ivanka, always being forced to clean up the messes of Daddy Dearest. Trump has destroyed everything his family built during this election, and we won t be surprised if they also abandon him   along with the majority of Americans   in November.Featured image via Joe Scarnici / Getty Images",0
4124, WATCH: Chris Hardwick BURNS Melania Trump For Complaining About ‘Negativity’ On Social Media,"@Midnight host Chris Hardwick found it very amusing to listen to Melania Trump complain about how  damaging  social media is to children when her own husband says incredibly offensive and outrageous things on Twitter every day. Yesterday, Anderson Cooper interviewed former divorcee Melania Trump and asked her what she d try to accomplish if she becomes First Lady,  Hardwick began his show on Tuesday night before playing a clip of Melania talking about how she wants to change social media. The social media, it s very damaging for the children,  she claimed.  We need to guide them and teach them about social media because I see a lot of negativity on it. Yeah, that s right. Melania Trump actually wants to focus her time as First Lady cleaning up the  negativity  on social media. But does that include her own husband s Twitter account?Because as Hardwick proceeded to point out, Donald Trump has been posting remarks that go far beyond negative ever since he joined the platform in 2009. I wonder why she thinks there s a lot of negativity on social media,  Hardwick said before scrolling through images of Trump s Twitter posts.  I don t know, maybe it s because one of the only people she follows does stuff like call other people  unattractive both inside and out,  or  a low class slob,  or  a dopey clown,  or  a total asshole,  or  a p*ssy,  or  they look like shit,  or  disgusting with nipples protruding.' Hardwick then delivered the perfect advice to Melania if she really wants to make social media less negative. Why would Melania wait until she s First Lady to reduce negativity on social media when she could just as easily replace her husband s phone with an exploding Samsung Galaxy Note 7. Hardwick then turned to the comedians on the panel and asked them what other goals Melania has, which included  designing grab-proof women s underwear  and  whatever goals Michelle Obama has. Here s the video via Comedy Central.Just like her husband, Melani Trump should really stop talking. Because every time they open their mouths, comedians get new material to mercilessly mock them with.Featured Image: Screenshot",0
4125, OOPS: Donald Trump’s Debate Guest Supports Terrorist Group That Wants To Kill All Jews,"This lack of oversight proves that Donald Trump is totally unfit to be president.Earlier this week, the Republican nominee winked at birthers by inviting President Obama s estranged Kenyan Muslim half-brother as his honored guest for Wednesday night s debate between himself and Hillary Clinton.It s Trump s way of trolling President Obama and giving a not so subtle shout-out to all the conservatives out there who believe the sitting President of the United States is a secret Muslim who was not born here in America.But Trump and his campaign team clearly did not do their homework on Malik Obama, because despite Trump s claims that he will be tough on terrorism, Trump s guest is allegedly a supporter of Hamas, an anti-Israel group that denies the Holocaust and commits acts of terrorism to achieve their ultimate goal of wiping Israel off the map.The Times of Israel reports,In January 2014 the Daily Mail uncovered a photograph showing Malik Obama with a traditional Arab headscarf decorated with slogans of the Palestinian terror group Hamas.The scarf, called a keffiyeh, was draped around Obama s neck and carried the Arabic phrases for  Jerusalem is ours   we are coming  and  From the river to the sea,  both popular Hamas chants.The photograph was taken at a 2010 conference in Yemen.Here s the image via Twitter.Trump fan & estranged Obama bro wears Hamas scarf blaring  Jerusalem is ours-we are coming  &  From the river to the sea  (@Green_Footballs) pic.twitter.com/npZh1AvcsZ  Noga Tarnopolsky (@NTarnopolsky) October 19, 2016On inviting Malik Obama to the debate, Trump has said  I look very much forward to meeting and being with Malik. He gets it far better than his brother. Trump apparently doesn t get it at all.After spending all of that time accusing President Obama of supporting terrorists and hating Israel, Trump literally is welcoming a man who actually does as a supporter of his campaign.Wow. How can Trump and his supporters actually look themselves in the mirror without seeing the word  hypocrite  tattooed on their foreheads?Featured Image: Drew Angerer/Getty Images",0
4126, MUTINY: Even Trump’s Own Employees Are Saying They’ll Vote For Hillary (VIDEO),"Donald Trump supporters often say that they are voting for the bombastic self-proclaimed billionaire because he s a job creator. Perhaps he is a job creator, but many of his employees think he s a horrible boss and a few brave women are appearing on a video to tell the nation all about it.Celia Vargas is an immigrant from El Salvador. Trump supporters would likely hate her. Trump rails about people like Vargas on the campaign trial. She crossed the Mexican border and arrived in the United States during the Reagan administration, in 1981. She remained an undocumented worker until 1986, when Reagan gave her and others like her amnesty.Now, she s an employee of Trump s Vegas Strip hotel and she can t stand her boss. She ll be voting for Hillary Clinton. So will many of her coworkers. We clean the rooms every single day for Mr. Trump, so he can be rich and he has no respect for us. I will vote for Ms. Hillary Clinton, and my family, too,  says Vargas, who was 23 when she came to the United States illegally.  She fights for keeping families together, she fights for the younger people, for Dreamers. Source: CNNIt s not just immigrants who appear on the video. Jeffrey Wise is a guest room attendant at the Trump s Las Vegas hotel. Superficially, Wise looks like a Trump supporter. He s white. His gray hair reveals his age. More significantly, he s a Republican. He s voting for Clinton. You say your employees love you,  said Wise,  what we d like to know is why you don t love your employees back.The allegations against Trump as an employer should have killed his campaign a long time ago. There are multiple accounts of his not paying his employees and contractors at all. Trump is also a union buster, which I suppose isn t a problem for his supporters, but what should be is this:Trump s staff is heavily comprised of immigrants whose terms of work lag behind union hospitality workers in benefits, wages, and job security.Of course, caring about hotel workers would require empathy, something Trump supporters know nothing about.Featured image via Ty Wright/Getty Images.",0
4127, WATCH: MSNBC Host TORCHES Trump Campaign Manager To A Crisp For 18 Glorious Minutes,"Defending Satan is hard. That s what Kellyanne Conway learned during an appearance on MSNBC on Wednesday morning.With eleven hours to go before the third presidential debate kicks off, host Stephanie Ruhle relentlessly grilled Donald Trump s campaign manager on everything from the Republican nominee s claims that the election is  rigged  to the sexual assault allegations against him to him inviting President Obama s estranged half-brother to the debate.Ruhle began by asking Conway if she really believes there will be widespread fraud on Election Day. Conway responded by breaking with her boss.  No, I don t believe that,  she said but she went on to suggest that there is a conspiracy to defeat Trump among Clinton and some members of the media. Specifically, Conway cited James O Keefe and his selectively edited undercover videos as proof of Trump s claims.Ruhle called out Trump for misleading the American people. Conway tried to spin by pointing to Trump s recent introduction of an ethics plan for government, but Ruhle was skeptical because Trump could have introduced such a plan months ago but is only doing it now.Conway whined about how the media is supposedly ignoring Trump s plans but Ruhle was not having it, noting that while the media has covered Trump s policy plans, he has made it difficult for them to do so by making wild claims and saying offensive things such as his various insults aimed at women, which Ruhle talked about next.Ruhle asked Conway if she is offended by Trump s remark about grabbing women  by the pussy.  She acknowledged that she is offended but she also lied by claiming that no one in Trump s campaign has tried to defend or condone his remarks when many of his surrogates have tried to write off his comments as mere  locker room talk. Ruhle then moved on to the sexual allegations against Trump, especially those made by a People magazine contributor. Trump has repeatedly called her a liar and attacked her but it turns out there are six witnesses who can corroborate her accusations that he groped her and forcibly tried to kiss her. When there are six people corroborating the People magazine story you still say her word against his?  Ruhle said.  You ve got to look at your kids when you go home at night. Conway complained that it was fair for Ruhle to say that to her because  I get that from a lot of childless people worrying about my kids  but Ruhle actually has three kids, whom she says are not allowed to watch Trump speak because she is afraid he will say offensive things about women.Conway countered by claiming that Hillary Clinton has not done anything for women, which again, is a lie.According to Huffington Post,Globally, no candidate has done more for women s rights than Secretary Clinton. In her time as Secretary of State, she appointed the first-ever Ambassador-at-Large for Global Women s Issues at the State Department; oversaw the creation of the U.S. National Action Plan on Women, Peace, and Security; and introduced the Global Health Initiative (GHI), investing $63 billion to help partner countries provide robust maternal and infant health services.Hillary is also a strong supporter of the Equal Rights Amendment and voted for the Lily Ledbetter Act and Paycheck Fairness Act when she was a United States Senator.She also fought for over-the-counter contraception and expanding Medicaid for family planning services.In short, her record of achievement is long when it comes to women.Conway also bragged about Hillary Clinton not reaching 65 percent support among women, but the fact is that she has a 19-point lead over Trump among women 53-34 in a new CBS poll. If the election were held today, it would be the largest margin of victory among women in history, even surpassing President Obama s wins in 2008 and 2012.For some reason, Conway also tried to criticize Hillary for  hanging out  with billionaires like Mark Cuban just because she has their support. Ruhle was quick to smack Conway down by pointing out that Trump is a billionaire who actually does hang out with billionaires.Conway also took heavy fire from Ruhle after saying that Hillary Clinton  isn t an American success story  even though she is the first woman in history to be a major party s nominee for president.Here s the video via YouTube.Overall, Conway really took a beating in this interview. She lied multiple times all while trying to soften Trump s claims, which really undermines them more than anything else.Donald Trump is unfit to be president and, quite frankly, anyone who worked for his campaign should never be able to work in politics or in the media ever again, and that includes Kellyanne Conway. They have done nothing but poison the democratic process while demonizing the press that is responsible for vetting candidates. That only weakens our country and it s unforgivable.Featured image via screenshot",0
4128, Poll Shows Hillary Leading Trump With This Surprising Demographic For The First Time Ever,"Until today, not one national poll had Clinton leading with male voters. Some have gotten close, but Donald Trump has always managed to lock it up. The gender gap that we have seen the last several elections was looking like a repeat for 2016.But now a new poll released the day of the third and final presidential debate shows Clinton now   for the first time   is leading with men. The newest poll from Bloomberg Politics shows Clinton edging out Trump by 2 points with men (46 to 44) and 9 points overall (47-38).The poll was conducted from October 14-17 with responses from 1,006 likely voters.So a week after the game-changing audio tape was leaked   in which Trump admits to sexually assaulting women   men have started to turn against the Republican nominee, and for good reason.Clinton is already gaining in Republican strongholds   white, college educated women, Cuban-Americans, young Republicans, Vietnamese-Americans, and now men. Such gains have turned traditionally red states like Arizona, Georgia and Texas into reachable victories for Democrats.With Trump under-performing Romney in key swing states (and red states), Trump cannot afford to lose his key voting demographics, but the damage from the tape and the accusations of sexual assault have hurt him tremendously.Republican men have distanced themselves from Trump after the revelations were leaked, invoking their wives and daughters and granddaughters as reasons they cannot support the GOP nominee. It s not clear if the shift in male support for Clinton comes from Independent or Republican defectors, but the numbers are slowly inching Clinton s way.With less than 20 days until election day, Trump is going to have to pivot hard if he hopes of bringing back all the defectors into his camp. With early voting already underway, in which millions have already cast their ballots, the window of opportunity may have passed.Featured image via Justin Sullivan/Getty Images",0
4129, Elizabeth Warren Just SHREDDED Trump For Being A ‘Sore Loser’ Before Election Is Even Over,"Have you noticed that Donald Trump has opted to not attack or retaliate against Elizabeth Warren for quite some time? That s because the Massachusetts Senator is a professional truth teller whose epic tweetstorms put the Republican nominee in his place each and every time.Indeed, every time Trump has insulted Warren on Twitter she has absolutely destroyed him. But Warren didn t shred Trump this time over mere insults against her. She did it because Trump is trying to undermine our democratic system by calling the election  rigged  against him.Despite the fact that study after study encompassing many years and over one billion votes has found that voter fraud is exceedingly rare in our country, Trump has repeatedly claimed that the media and Hillary Clinton have fixed the election in her favor.Well, Warren has something to say about Trump s whining and she used strong words to call him out, calling him a  sore loser  who is acting like a petulant child who isn t getting their way.Give me a break, @realDonaldTrump. You re not losing because it s rigged. You re losing because we see through your creepy bullying.  Elizabeth Warren (@elizabethforma) October 19, 2016Anyone with children knows that whining about imaginary cheating is the last refuge of the sore loser, @realDonaldTrump.  Elizabeth Warren (@elizabethforma) October 19, 2016You can t run a campaign based on hating women, African Americans, Muslims & immigrants & expect to win, @realDonaldTrump.  Elizabeth Warren (@elizabethforma) October 19, 2016It s not rigged, @realDonaldTrump. You re losing fair & square. Put on your big-boy pants because this is what accountability looks like.  Elizabeth Warren (@elizabethforma) October 19, 2016But @realDonaldTrump didn t come up with the  rigged  election himself. It s a longtime effort by the @GOP to delegitimize @TheDemocrats.  Elizabeth Warren (@elizabethforma) October 19, 2016It s fascinating, @realDonaldTrump:  voter fraud  only seems to plague places where lots of people might vote for @TheDemocrats.  Elizabeth Warren (@elizabethforma) October 19, 2016And @realDonaldTrump s antics   like attacking judges & calling for his opponent s imprisonment   echo the @HouseGOP s witch hunts.  Elizabeth Warren (@elizabethforma) October 19, 2016Once again, Donald Trump gets his ass handed to him by a girl just like he s going to lose to one on Election Day.Featured image via Drew Angerer/Getty Images",0
4130, Anti-Semitism Is Rapidly Rising And It’s All Thanks To Trump Supporters,"When Hillary Clinton called half of Trump supporters  deplorables,  she said they exhibited  racist, sexist, homophobic, xenophobic, Islamophobic  views and that such views made them irredeemable   at least in the political realm. The only thing that was wrong with her statement is that she left out a key prejudice among Trump supporters   anti-Semitism.It s no secret anymore that with the rise of Donald Trump the United States has seen a rise in anti-Semitic rhetoric, particularly aimed at those in the media who write unflattering (yet unbiased) articles about Trump.According to CNN:The ADL [Anti-Defamation League] says it found 2.6 million tweets  containing language frequently found in anti-Semitic speech  between August 2015 and July 2016. 19,253 of those tweets were directed at American journalists, the ADL found; the top 10 most targeted journalists (all of whom are Jewish) received 83 percent of them.The ADL says, There is evidence that a considerable number of the anti-Semitic tweets targeting journalists originate with people identifying themselves as Trump supporters,  conservatives  or extreme right-wing elements. Thanks GOP, you ve built this! The party that is pro-Israel is now becoming the party that tells Jewish reporters to go  back to the ovens  when they report on Trump in a  negative  light.Journalists such as Politico s Hadas Gold, NYT s Jonathan Weisman, and Julia Ioffe have all faced disgusting and deplorable attacks, with Trump supporters painting ovens and Nazi-era  Juden  stars and bullet holes on their profiles.Gold, who was also profiled with a  Juden  star, told CNN:Anti-Semitism has a long history, but this election has brought about a rise in fear of the  other  and despite being a vital part of American history for hundreds of years, Jews are often still seen as the other.Weisman also spoke to CNN, and noted that it s not just Antisemitism that has up-ticked this election, but hatred all around:I am troubled by the uptick of hate in this country writ large. I would not be so bold as to say that Antisemitism on Twitter is the worst of it. I would say Muslims being beat up in the street, Hispanics being ostracized at school   those are far worse. This is just a single manifestation of growing hate and bullying in this country.And we all know whose fault that is. While Trump has been openly hostile to journalists   referring to them as  absolute scum  and saying that he hates them   he has also dog whistled antisemitism through his conspiracy riddled theories as to why he is losing. When Trump says  they  are part of a globalist, banking and media conspiracy against him, it doesn t take a genius to see who  they  pertains to. Just look back through history and browse white-supremacist websites. Whenever  they  are mentioned as holding all the power and influence, it s almost overwhelmingly referring to Jews.Hillary Clinton is right: a large chunk of Trump supporters are deplorables. They exhibit racism, sexism, homophobia, Islamophobia and xenophobia. But now we have another notch to add to their belt: anti-Semitism.Featured image via Sean Rayford/Getty Images",0
4131," This Traditionally Red State Is Going Blue, New Poll Shows","Remember back in May when Donald Trump said he d make California, New York and Maryland compatible (and that he d win them)? Well it s now mid-October and he can barely hang on to red states Utah, Georgia, Arizona and even Texas   the latest poll out of the Lone Star state has him leading by three points. Romney won Texas by 19 points in 2012.There is one state in particular that is leaning towards Hillary Clinton   Arizona.The Grand Canyon state, home to Sheriff Joe Arpaio, Jan Brewer, and the god-awful SB 1070, should be a dead set win for Trump, whose anti-immigration rhetoric has propelled him to where he is today. However, recent polling out of the state suggests that Clinton has the upper hand, and for good reason.According to a new Arizona Republic/Morrison/Cronkite News poll released just before the third presidential debate, Hillary Clinton is leading Donald Trump by five points, 39-34 percent. Gary Johnson took six percent while Jill Stein took one percent. Twenty percent remain undecided.However, when pressed on how those who  lean  one way or the other would solidly vote, as of right now, both Clinton and Trump expand their lead:When including  leaners  in the sample, the number of undecideds drops to 8.1 percent. Clinton s support rises to 43.3 percent while Trump s support increases to 37.8 percent. Johnson gets 6.5 percent while Stein gets 4.3 percent. The margin of error for the sample including the leaners is plus or minus 4 percentage points.In Nate Silver s FiveThirtyEight general election projection, Clinton has a 58 percent chance of winning Arizona s 11 electoral votes, compared to Trump s 42 percent chance. In the last 48 polls conducted in the state, Clinton holds the edge in 26, Trump in 19, and a tie in three.It is because of these shocking poll results that the Clinton campaign is pumping more than $2 million in advertising in the state and sending a slew of high profile surrogates   including First Lady Michelle Obama and Senator Bernie Sanders   all across the state.The last time Arizona went blue was in 1996, when voters chose Bill Clinton over Senator Bob Dole by 2 percent.Imagine if Arizona, a state most affected by illegal immigration, stuck it to Trump on election day? Arizona is proving to have a rich, culturally diverse electorate, buoyed by Latino and Hispanic voters who don t take too kindly to Trump s xenophobic, racist tones.Ana Navarro was right   if Trump thought insulting Mexicans and Hispanics was the right move, he s going to have one hell of a wake up call in November.Featured image via Alex Wong/Getty Images",0
4132, Trump Stooge: Women Making Assault Claims Are Too UGLY To Be Believed (VIDEO),"One of Donald Trump s top campaign officials has once again made a gross sexist comment while defending the nominee. Appearing on CNN to discuss the large group of women who have accused Trump of unwanted sexual advances and misconduct, Trump attorney Michael Cohen told the host that the women in question  aren t even women he d be attracted to. It was disgusting.Michael Cohen says Trump was saying accusers are ""not someone he would be attracted to"" so that makes the claims ""nonsense"" pic.twitter.com/2Kn2sUuPDe  Colin Jones (@colinjones) October 18, 2016 Beauty is in the eye of beholder   these aren t even women he d be attracted to,  Cohen said of Trump in a CNN interview with Wolf Blitzer on Tuesday.That line follows a recurring argument Trump has been making on the campaign trail   that some of the women who accused him of groping, kissing, and manhandling them were not attractive and therefore are not telling the truth.Cohen went on to say,  I think what Mr. Trump is really trying to say is that they re not somebody that he would be attracted to, and therefore, the whole thing is nonsense. The ongoing controversy over Trump s behavior and comments have helped to damage his already failing campaign. Every serious national poll now shows Trump behind from anywhere from 4% to 12%.Nobody has ever returned from a deficit that large in the history of presidential polling, and the same average that shows Clinton now well ahead correctly foresaw the winner of the last four presidential elections.Women have been key to Trump s collapse. While a slight majority of men back Trump, Clinton s advantage with women has consistently been 11% and higher, even before the latest round of revelations.In addition to rejecting his current behavior, women responding to the pollsters have said that his dismissive attitude towards them has contributed to Clinton s support.The poll drop also comes as Trump spent days attacking former Miss Universe Alicia Machado, in what was seen as a continuation of his fat-shaming of her in the 1990s.Featured image via screen capture",0
4133," Paul LePage Claims Election Will Be Rigged In Maine, Gets HUMILIATED By Secretary Of State","It sounds like Paul LePage just claimed that he was elected twice via a rigged system.Because that s the only real way he can honestly declare that Maine is already in the bag for Hillary Clinton.But that s exactly what the Tea Party Maine Governor said during a phone interview with WVOM radio this week in defense of his buddy Donald Trump.The Republican nominee has been desperately trying to convince everyone that the only reason he is losing in the polls and will lose on November 8th is because the media and Hillary Clinton s campaign are rigging the election against him.And Lepage, whose own constituents in Maine are calling for him to resign, believes him. I am not confident that we are going to have a clean election in Maine,  LePage said.  Will people from the cemetery be voting? Yes, all around the country. The media and the Democratic Party want everybody to vote, whether they re citizens or not. LePage also said that he doesn t  think the elections in the state of Maine or the United States are legitimate  unless voter ID laws are in place everywhere.Those are pretty strong declarations. There s just one large problem. If Maine elections are  rigged  by Democrats, how the hell did Paul LePage win in 2010?It s a good question, and one that Maine Secretary of State Michael Dunlap posed in an email to the Bangor Daily News. Maine has a proud history of full access for voters to participate in our elections,  Dunlap wrote.  It s curious that the governor would question the integrity of a system under which he was elected twice. Indeed, not only has Paul LePage won in his state twice, he did so the first time when Democrats controlled the entire state government. Democrat John Baldacci served as governor from 2003 to 2011, including during the 2010 Election that somehow swept LePage into office. In addition, Democrat Michael Dunlap was also Secretary of State at the time. Furthermore, Democrats had control of the statehouse as they had for four decades. So really, if Democrats had been in the business of rigging elections, LePage would not be in office right now. He would have lost his race in 2010.The fact is that voter fraud is incredibly rare in this country.According to the Washington Post, a comprehensive study found that out of one billion votes cast between 2000 and 2014, only 31 cases of voter fraud were found.In other words, America does not have rigged elections. So like Trump, Paul LePage would be better off shutting his big mouth.Featured Image: Cagle",0
4134, WATCH: Kathy Griffin PERFECTLY Responds To Trump’s Insults Toward Women,"The hell with parody, this should be a real campaign ad.Donald Trump has a long and sordid history when it comes to talking about women.The Republican nominee especially enjoys insulting women s looks   from calling women  pigs  to calling women who have small breasts  unattractive  to criticizing their body shape. He has even said on camera that he can t say that he treats women with respect.And all of these recorded quotes came back to bite Trump on the ass in a parody ad starring comedian Kathy Griffin.In the video, Griffin is shown applying makeup and getting dressed as Trump s voice booms out some of the nasty things he has said about women over the years. At first, Griffin merely tells Trump to  f*ck off,  but as Trump s insults get more annoying Griffin only gets angrier. Oh, f*ck off you piece of shit!  she says at one point. Then she flips him off using the double bird.At the end, Griffin apologizes to Michelle Obama for taking the low road.  Sorry, Michelle, when he goes low, I go lower. A screen then pops up asking,  Is Donald Trump the president we want for our daughters? But Griffin took one last shot at Donald before the video ended.  Seriously, f*ck off, Donald. Here s the video via YouTube.Griffin, along with millions of other women across the country, have every right to be pissed off at Donald Trump. He s a scumbag who clearly has no respect for women. He treats them like sexual objects meant to be conquered, even by force.Trump has openly bragged about groping women against their will and even had the audacity to attack the various women who have come forward to accuse him of sexual assault by saying that they are not pretty enough for him to assault.This man is incapable of respecting women and he will only treat them like shit as president. And that is unacceptable.Featured Image: Screenshot",0
4135, Trump Completely COLLAPSING In Most Important Republican State,"The only state keeping the Republican Party viable at the national level in presidential races is the state of Texas. Texas and its 38 electoral votes help to form the backbone in any Republican quest for the 270 electoral votes needed to win the presidency.Republicans have not lost Texas since 1976, when Jimmy Carter defeated Gerald Ford after Nixon resigned in the wake of the Watergate scandal. Whether Republicans have won or lost the overall race, Texas has been blood red (Mitt Romney won by 16% there in 2012).But now with Donald Trump as the Republican nominee, suddenly the race has seriously narrowed in Texas.Donald Trump is still winning in the deep red state, but his advantage has dropped precipitously from double digits to under 5 percent in the last two weeks. The last three polls in the state show him ahead of Hillary Clinton by only 2 points in a Washington Post-SurveyMonkey poll, 3 points in a University of Houston poll and 4 points in a Survey USA/Texas Tenga poll.All of those most recent polls were conducted after the Oct. 7 release of a tape in which Trump bragged about sexually assaulting women. Polls conducted in the prior month show the GOP candidate leading by at least 12 and up to 22 points. A couple of earlier polls had signaled the race might be closer than expected, but there hasn t been consistent evidence until now.A Clinton win in Texas isn t required for there to be considered a major ground-shifting development. Even a single-digit Texas loss would be a huge step forward for Democrats there, and a shock to the system for Republicans.The growing Latino population in Texas has consistently raised Democratic hopes that the state could be tipped into their column like it has been in Colorado, Nevada, and New Mexico. Democrats are also hoping for success in Arizona, where incumbent Senator John McCain recently denounced Trump for his crude comments with Billy Bush.Things are changing in the southwest, and they might change faster than anyone expected.Featured image via Flickr",0
4136, BREAKING: Trump’s Newest Endorsement PROVES He’s A Racist Piece Of Crap (VIDEO),"Donald Trump is obsessed with himself. So obsessed that he covers his wall with covers of magazines and newspapers that have his face on them, because  it s cheaper than wallpaper.  Well just recently The Crusader, the KKK s official newspaper, has endorsed Trump. Do you think that ll make it up on his wall? Or does he not  know anything about them?  In the past when talk of David Duke and the KKK endorsing Trump was circulating he claimed to know nothing about them. Shouldn t someone who s the potential president of the United States know what the KKK is? You can see more on that here:So while Donald Trump claims to have know idea who the Klu Klux Klan is, there have been ties from Trump s inner circle to the KKK. With his support taking a sharp nosedive in the polls, it s not hard to imagine him accepting support from just about anybody. Or maybe this time he ll pretend he doesn t know what the KKK is again.",0
4137, SICK: Official GOP Twitter Handle Just PROMOTED Horrificly Vulgar Chant Against Hillary (VIDEO),"Just when you thought Republicans couldn t get more deplorable, they go and prove you wrong.The official Twitter handle for the Tennessee GOP just tweeted out a tweet that said: Watch thousands of deplorables chanting:  lock her up  at Trump rally in Colorado Springs. Even worse, with the hashtag  EvangelicalTrump  because you know, that s what Jesus would do. However, if I recall, Jesus was wrongfully accused, arrested and sentenced as well, but facts and the Republican party don t exactly go hand in glove.Here s the tweet with the video and the  a-ok  emoji of approval:Watch thousands of deplorables chanting: ""lock her up"" at Trump rally in Colorado Springs.?#EvangelicalTrump pic.twitter.com/yxhAHGXwVq  Tennessee GOP (@TEN_GOP) October 18, 2016Gotta love the use of the emoji. That s a real class act right there.Let s stop and think for a moment that the official Twitter account of the Republican party in Tennessee is tweeting like this, so we really can t be at all surprised that they support Donald Trump or his deplorable following.This isn t professional, nor by any means, okay. However, with Trump winning the nomination, and winning in Tennessee, this tweet seems just about right.Has Hillary Clinton done anything to deserve a  lock her up  chant? No, not at all. Anything she s been accused of by the Republican party or others has been debunked, held absolutely no water, or she s been cleared.If Republicans want to look for someone to lock up, maybe they should look at Trump and his sexually predatory behavior, inability to pay taxes, and fraudulent business practices. Just saying.Featured Photo by Angelo Merendino/Getty Images",0
4138, CNN Host STUNNED As Trump Supporter Says Voter Fraud Got Obama Elected (VIDEO),"As Donald Trump and his supporters continue to live in a frightening amount of denial that they are losing this election, their moronic claims of the election being  rigged  is only getting louder. Their cries have gotten more desperate as Trump s campaign continues to further unravel thanks to a leaked audio tape and numerous allegations of sexual assault against Trump.CNN s Jake Tapper recently had a mind numbing experience with a Trump supporter on The Lead, when Trump spokesperson Boris Epshteyn actually tried to say that President Barack Obama won the 2008 election because of voter fraud in North Carolina. Building upon Trump s claims of a  rigged system , Epshteyn said: What Mr. Trump and our campaign are talking about is the rigged system in two ways. One, in terms of the media. 96 percent of donations, contributions in this cycle by the media are going to the Clinton campaign. Epshteyn didn t get very far before Tapper cut him off and said: Boris, That s like from like restaurant   that s like from TV critics and restaurant reviewers. That s not from me! That s not from Chris Cuomo or campaign staff or anybody covering the election. But Epshteyn didn t care how idiotic his argument was and kept right on, spewing exaggerated numbers just like his boss: Numbers by Pew show that 40 percent of people who are not citizens are registered to vote. People who are dead voting in Colorado. Those are the kind of instances, the kind of voter fraud, we want to make sure that does not happen.Barack Obama may have won   that Barack Obama may have won in 2008 in North Carolina due to illegal voting. And this is where Epshteyn went too damn far. Guest Angela Rye, who was standing beside him, blurted out  Oh my God  in disbelief, and Tapper jumped in to dispute this insanity. Tapper fired back: Boris, where are you getting that from? Barack Obama won in North Carolina because of voter fraud? Rye laughed at the bizarre claim, but Epshteyn wasn t deterred. He continued: Look at the Washington Post story saying 5 percent of voting in North Carolina may have been by non-citizens who shouldn t have been voting and swung North Carolina to Mr. Obama   to President Obama   because of how tight the race in North Carolina was in 2008. The segment then erupted in chaos as Rye and Epshteyn sparred over Trump s recent sexual assault allegations and this ridiculous voter fraud claim. Tapper just looked on, almost too stunned to do anything. You can watch this ridiculous segment below:Featured image is a screenshot",0
4139, SIX Witnesses Corroborate Sexual Assault Claim Made By ‘People’ Writer Against Trump,"Former People magazine writer Natasha Stoynoff has produced six witnesses who corroborate her allegations when she said Donald Trump was  pushing me against the wall and forcing his tongue down my throat. We walked into that room alone, and Trump shut the door behind us. I turned around, and within seconds he was pushing me against the wall and forcing his tongue down my throat,  she stated.Trump recently denied the story and later attacked Stoynoff while campaigning, saying,  She lies! Look at her, I don t think so. One of the witnesses is friend who was with Stoynoff when she ran into Melania Trump later in N.Y.C.Melania Trump is demanding a retraction and apology from People magazine, a move which surprises no one ever, especially since she previously threatened to sue bloggers for quoting from a source.The newest demand letter denies that Stoynoff and Melania ran into each other on the street that day. In states, in part,  The true facts are these: Mrs. Trump did not encounter Ms. Stoynoff on the street, nor have any conversation with her. Stoynoff s friend Liza Herz remembers the encounter. They chatted in a friendly way,  Herz says.  And what struck me most was that Melania was carrying a child and wearing heels. But, according to what Melania told  Anderson Cooper, that encounter never happened, saying, in part,  I was never friends with her, I would not recognize her. Stoynoff, though, was working on a profile of Melania s husband.People magazine reports:PEOPLE Editor in Chief Jess Cagle says in a statement about Stoynoff s piece,  In this week s issue of PEOPLE (which hits newsstands in New York on Wednesday), we feature a story that includes named sources who can corroborate Natasha Stoynoff s account   including one woman (a friend of Natasha s) who was actually with her when she bumped into Melania Trump on Fifth Ave., as outlined in her story. Five other witnesses also back up Stoynoff s account of her encounter with Trump.A longtime friend of Stoynoff s, Marina Grasic, said she got a phone call from her friend the day after the attack. During that call Stoynoff detailed everything about the assault.Grasic said Stoynoff felt embarrassed and even thought of Trump s then-pregnant wife Melania when deciding not to come forward about the incident. Natasha was also struggling about not hurting pregnant Melania if the story came out,  Grasic says.  Beyond just the attack, she was horrified by the vulgar circumstances under which she was attacked and propositioned to have an affair. She was there in a professional capacity, writing an article about their happy marriage, and after the incident Trump acted like nothing happened. In Trump fashion, we can expect Donald to insult the appearance of all six witnesses.Photo by Scott Olson via Getty.",0
4140," Instead Of Tip, ‘Christian’ Trump Supporter Leaves Waitress UNBELIEVABLY Sexist Note (IMAGE)","Donald Trump is a disease. The symptoms have always been with us. We ve always been a nation that s at least 1/3 completely bigoted a**holes, but this year, Donald Trump has given them permission to fester and spread their hate germs all over the nation.Instead of receiving a tip, a waitress in South Carolina received a note. You re right if you re thinking that never ends well. It didn t. In the note, the obvious Trump supporter told the waitress that she was a disgrace to womankind and a disgrace to her husband   because she worked.Thank you for your excellent service today   you re a good waitress.Here s your tip:The woman s place is in the home. Your place is in the home. It even says so in the Bible. You may think that you re contributing to your household by coming into work, but you re not. While you re in here  working  this is the reason your husband must see another woman on his way home from a long day at his work. Because you should be home taking care of the household duties, you may think what you are doing  working  is right, it is really essentially a disgrace to his manhood and to the American family. So instead of coming to your  job  and looking for handouts to feed your family, how s about going home and cleaning your house and cooking a hot meal for your husband and children, the way your husband and God intended, and help make America great again. Praying for families and our nation.Notice  make America great again?  Obviously, that was a reference to Donald Trump. And obviously, this person has no idea what Christianity is about.The waitress did respond that she  felt mortified, embarrassed, humiliated even. I felt hurt and a bit heartbroken.  She says she s not even married, but she does have a boyfriend who is supportive.Most waitresses don t work because they have nothing better to do. Most people don t work because they have nothing better to do. People, and waitresses are no exception, work because they need money to survive. Most families these days need two incomes, but conservatives don t want to do anything to help them. Instead, they destroy unions, drive down wages and take away benefits. I m not a religious person, but something makes me think Jesus wouldn t approve.h/t and featured image: Patheos |",0
4141, Ivanka Trump FINALLY Has Something To Say About ‘Pu**ygate’,"Everybody under the sun has had something to say about Trump s boasts of sexual assault in the bombshell  pu**ygate  tape and the avalanche of accusations against him that followed. Everyone that is, except his oldest daughter, Ivanka Trump.In the Access Hollywood tapes from 2005, Trump brags that he  just starts kissing  random women if he finds them attractive and can even  grab em by the pu**y  because he is  a star.  People have come out of the woodwork to weigh in on Trump s sexually predatory boasts, but until now, Ivanka has kept her silence.On Monday, Ivanka issued a statement regarding her father s disgusting comments to Fast Company. My father s comments were clearly inappropriate and offensive, and I m glad that he acknowledged this fact with an immediate apology to my family and the American people. And that s all she has to say about that. He said he s sorry, so no harm, no foul. For the record, she said nothing in the statement about her father telling Howard Stern that it was okay to refer to her as a  piece of ass. But as short as her statement was, she did go further than her brother by calling dear old dad s remarks  offensive.  Eric Trump defended his father s comments as just being  locker room talk  and the inevitable result of two  alpha personalities  having a conversation.In a separate interview with Fast Company, Ivanka said that she is able to  shrug off  all the negative reports about her father, even the long list of women accusing Trump of sexual assault. The greatest comfort I have is the fact that I know my father. Most of the people who write about him don t. I do,  she explained.  So that gives me an ability to shrug off the things that I read about him that are wrong. You can read Ivanka s interview in its entirety, here.Featured image via Chip Somodevilla/Getty Images",0
4142, WATCH: President Obama Tells Whiny Trump To Shut The F*ck Up About Election Being ‘Rigged’,"Most Americans wish that the 2016 Presidential Election were already over, but we all have to wait three more weeks, which means hearing more claims from Trump that the election is rigged against him. The Republican nominee has been making such claims since the conventions for both parties ended in July and Hillary Clinton came out with a large lead over him.He has accused the media and the Clinton campaign of colluding to fix the election in Hillary s favor and is urging his supporters to go to polling places on Election Day to intimidate voters. Trump has drilled his rhetoric about election rigging into his supporters  heads so deep that many of them are already threatening bloody violence and the assassination of Hillary Clinton if she wins.Well, President Obama has had enough of Trump s bullshit whining, and he slammed him for it during a White House news conference on Tuesday.Calling Trump s claims  irresponsible,  President Obama pointed out that Trump s whining  doesn t show the kind of leadership and toughness that you want out of a president. President Obama addressed the absurdity of Trump s claim by noting that America s election system is decentralized, which means elections are run by local and state governments, and that there are way too many votes being cast across 50 states that it s impossible to rig an election.Indeed, over 100 million Americans voted in 2012 and a comprehensive study concluded in 2014 that out of one billion votes cast since 2000, only 31 credible cases of voter fraud were found.So Trump s claim that the election is rigged has no historical evidence to suggest election rigging has occurred in the past. And President Obama declared that such claims are unprecedented I have never seen in my lifetime, or in modern political history, any presidential candidate trying to discredit the elections and the election process before votes have even taken place. It s unprecedented,  Obama said.  It happens to be based on no facts. Trump  started whining before the game is even over,  Obama continued.  I d advise Mr. Trump to stop whining, and go try to make his case to get votes. President Obama then took the high road by saying that if Trump wins on November 8th he will meet with him at the White House like an adult and escort him to his inauguration for a peaceful transfer of power. And that is the total opposite of what Trump and his supporters say they will do if Hillary Clinton is the winner.Here s the video via YouTube.Donald Trump is a threat to our democracy. His repeated claims that the election is rigged is making his supporters paranoid and bloodthirsty. As President Obama said, Trump must congratulate Hillary Clinton if he loses and concede defeat gracefully. Calling the results rigged and refusing to admit defeat would only hurt our democratic process and could result in violence and chaos, especially if his supporters try to overthrow the federal government.If that happens, Trump and his supporters should be arrested and charged with committing treason against the United States. Period.For now, Trump needs to stop whining and abandon his rhetoric about rigged elections. It s not helping him. He s only embarrassing himself and making himself look even more unfit to be president.Featured image via screenshot",0
4143, WATCH: Trump Supporter Accuses Hillary Of Sexual Assault And CNN Panel Demolishes Them,"Donald Trump s new strategy to spin away from the sexual assault avalanche that is burying him apparently includes accusing Hillary Clinton of sexual assault.Because that s exactly what Trump minion Gina Loudon did during an appearance on CNN with Don Lemon on Monday night.Loudon and fellow Trump minion Betsey McCaughey tried to steer the discussion from Trump s sexual assault comments to claims of mass election fraud, which Trump has repeatedly tried to convince everyone is a thing that actually happens even though it is incredibly rare in our country.At that point, panelist Bakari Sellers had had enough and shut both women down to return the discussion to the topic at hand. This is absurd,  Sellers said.  Bless your heart, both of you, this is patently absurd. You talked about the fact that Donald Trump somehow had allegations that were unproven. No. Melania Trump was on camera today, trying to deal with his own comments coming out of his mouth. We weren t even at the allegations. We were at the point that he said he likes to sexually abuse people. You cannot be serious,  Loudon exclaimed. But Sellers refused to back down.  That s sexual assault, is it not?  he asked.Indeed, Trump bragged about groping women against their will back in 2005 while on a hot mic while on Access Hollywood. Groping women against their will is the exact definition of sexual assault. But Loudon has a totally different definition and she openly stated it on national television when she openly accused Hillary Clinton of sexually assaulting Bill Clinton s accusers. Words are not sexual assault,  she claimed.  What is sexual assault is what Hillary Clinton did to the women her husband absolutely, factually assaulted. Wow. Donald Trump s supporters literally just sunk to a new low in their desperate effort to paint Hillary as worse than the Republican nominee.Lemon and Sellers were stunned by the ridiculous accusation and former Philadelphia mayor Michael Nutter told the two women that they are embarrassing themselves.Loudon insisted that Hillary paid $100,000 to a private investigator to  dig up bad stuff on these women,  but when Lemon and Nutter told her there was no evidence of her claims, the best Loudon could offer is that there is an alleged tape and that she has heard it. In other words, hearsay, which is not evidence.Nutter went on to slam Donald Trump as a liar and he actually listed off many of the things Trump has lied about, and unlike Loudon s claim, there is evidence to back him up.Here s the video via VidMe.Donald Trump has no business being a candidate for the presidency and his supporters should not be allowed on national media programs. All they have done is lie throughout this campaign and accusing Hillary of sexual assault should be the last time Gina Loudon is ever invited back on CNN or any other news outlet.Featured image via screenshot",0
4144, Melania Trump Makes SHOCKING Admission Disqualifying Her Husband From Office,"Most sane people have been extremely alarmed that we have a toddler in a 70-year-old man s body at the top of a major party s presidential nominee. That person is, of course, Republican Donald J. Trump.  Trump has managed to do a million things that would have destroyed any other candidate s campaign, but still he powered on to win the GOP nomination.During this travesty of a campaign, Trump s wife Melania has largely been absent from the campaign trail. She has been visible at the debates in the family box, of course, but hasn t said a word since she was humiliated by giving a conventions speech that was plagiarized from First Lady Michelle Obama s 2008 speech at the Democratic National Convention. Now, in the wake of her husband humiliating her entire family by being caught on a hot mic having a horrifically lewd and offensive conversation about women with then-Access Hollywood host Billy Bush, Melania Trump is breaking her silence.She sat down to discuss the tape and her husband s behavior with CNN s Anderson Cooper, in which while she said the language used by both men was  unacceptable,  Melania seemed to take a  boys will be boys  angle on the whole thing, and even took the whole thing a bit further by literally calling her 70-year-old husband a kid. Here is the exchange, via The Hill: It s kinda like two teenage boys   actually they should behave better, right?  the potential first lady said about her husband and former  Access Hollywood  host Billy Bush. He was 59,  Cooper said. Correct,  Trump responded. Sometimes I said I have two boys at home   I have my young son and I have my husband,  Trump said.  I know how some men talk. That s how I saw it. Melania Trump went on to say: We talk a lot, a lot about the campaign. We talk about the language because I don t allow that he uses bad language.   But I tell him that, you know, there are consequences as well, and he   he needs to be careful [with the] language he uses. Unfortunately, I ve got news for Mrs. Trump. Her husband IS a kid, just as she alluded to herself. That alone should tell her what the rest of us already know: he should not be running for president.Watch the exchange below:Melania Trump on ""locker room talk"": ""I know how some men talk and that's how I saw it, yes"" https://t.co/IDm7N1ioh5 https://t.co/0UMZBrGmw5  CNN (@CNN) October 18, 2016Featured image via video screen capture",0
4145, WATCH: Trump Tries To Kiss Little Girl On The Lips And She Is NOT Thrilled About It,"Donald Trump is seriously stupid.Considering all of the sexual assault allegations against him, the fact that he wants to bang his daughter, the fact that he has hit on teen girls, and talked about dating a girl when she was just ten-years old, one would think Trump would know better than to bring a girl on stage at one of his rallies.But that s exactly what he did on Monday night when he invited the child to the podium. Trump then picked her up, told her how beautiful she is and then tried to kiss her repeatedly, including on the lips, which the girl clearly did NOT appreciate. You can see it on her face as she tries to avoid Trump s lips and then runs back to her parents.Here s the video via YouTube.The optics here are absolutely terrible. If Trump had done this a year ago this probably wouldn t be much of a story. But we are three weeks out from Election Day and Donald Trump is embroiled in a mountain of sexual assault allegations and is still experiencing fallout because of his comments about groping women and not waiting to kiss women he considers  beautiful.  Apparently, that disgusting personal policy includes little girls, too.Of course, Trump trying to kiss a little girl horrified America, and they let Trump know about it on Twitter.About the gross video of Trump trying to kiss a little girl against her will: I don t even try to hug my daughter when she s not feeling it.  Bearded Tombstoner (@beardedstoner) October 18, 2016That s right children! Do not let creepy men like Trump force you to kiss them! Good job! Tonight via @GoAngelo pic.twitter.com/7uXzme2oKh  RiotWomenn (@riotwomennn) October 18, 2016Given what we know about Trump, I don t find the gif of the little girl pulling away from his kiss funny. Like, at all.  Jessica Valenti (@JessicaValenti) October 18, 2016I ll admit, I wasn t ready to see Trump trying to kiss a little black girl on the mouth. Who the hell does that to someone else s child?  Jamil Smith (@JamilSmith) October 18, 2016This is extremely painful to watch. That poor girl was so uncomfortable. Trump is a disgusting, perverted man. https://t.co/fZjiW8pxNg  Izzy Galvez (@iglvzx) October 18, 2016Seriously, Trump is a 70-year-old man. He should know better.Featured image via screen cap",0
4146," New Poll: Clinton Picks Up Unprecedented, Historical Support Among Young Voters","Several weeks ago, polls and pundits were spelling doom and gloom for Hillary Clinton. Why? Support among millennial voters   the biggest voting bloc in the country   were dwindling for the Democrat nominee, and were instead attracted to third party candidates Gary Johnson and Jill Stein.Two polls, released within days of each other, showed over a third of millennials backing a third party candidate, severely cutting into Clinton s chances of winning over the Obama coalition.But as the race comes to a close, millennials are finally seeing the big picture: do we elect and accomplished, qualified politico or a racist, sexual predator? Luckily, millennials have chosen the former over the latter.A new poll just released by USA Today   Rock The Vote, with the help of Ipsos, found that Hillary Clinton holds a 40 point lead over Donald Trump when it comes to millennial voters, 68 percent to 20 percent. Johnson nabbed 8 percent and Stein a dismal 1 percent.Almost 7 in 10 young people now support Clinton. To put that into context, President Obama won the youth vote with 66 percent support in 2008, and 67 percent in 2012. That means that Clinton is on track, just barely, to ushering in a historical and unprecedented win among young voters which would propel her to the White House.A study conducted by the Center for Research and Information on Civic Learning and Engagement at Tufts University found that, when it came to the 2012 election, the youth vote was the decisive factor in who won. The study found that because millennial voters came out in droves to support Obama, at least 80 electoral votes were awarded, all from key swing states   Pennsylvania, Ohio, Florida and Virginia. Coincidentally, all those states are considered swing states in the 2016 election (with the exception of Virginia).If 68 percent of just half of the millennial population votes for Hillary Clinton on November 8, she wins, hands down, and that s not even taking into consideration her gains among white, college educated women and men (who typically vote Republican). That s also not taking into consideration her gains made with Asian-Americans and Cuban Americans.Clinton has the numbers to win. She has made gains all across the board, and Trump is under-performing Mitt Romney in crucial swing states, with typical GOP voters, and with those who typically don t vote GOP. The only thing that can hold Clinton back is Democrats not showing up to vote, especially young people.This is why this year s Get Out the Vote will be detrimental to results in the coming weeks. With early voting underway (in record numbers), Democrats have a real opportunity to start off on strong footing and cruise into the November general election.Featured image via Ethan Miller/Getty Images",0
4147, Here’s The Master List Of Reasons Why Trump Would Be The Worst President EVER (CITATIONS),"We know Trump is a sexual predator. We know he s racist. We know he welches on contracts. We know he flies off the handle at the slightest hint of an insult. We know his foreign policy will get us into war with the entire planet, and his other policy positions are as solid as fresh Jell-O; all of which could destroy us even without a war. We know he lies about pretty much everything. Yet, for inexplicable reasons, people still support him, and that s incredibly maddening.However, many people don t know what to say when a Trump supporter says,  Why shouldn t I vote for him? Hillary s the devil!  Hillary Derangement Syndrome isn t a good enough reason to vote for Trump, though, especially since there s no proof of all those accusations of crimes, whatever the right-wing  We just KNOW she s a criminal!  crowd says. Here s a long list of reasons why Trump has neither the mentality, nor the temperament, to be President.Trump denied housing to black people and lied to black applicants about apartment availability in violation of the Fair Housing Act.He stereotyped black people as welfare recipients by complaining that the government was trying to force him to rent to welfare recipients in the wake of this scandal.Casino bosses felt compelled to order black people off the floors when Donald and Ivana would visit.Trump ran smear campaigns against the Central Park Five, a group consisting of four black males and one Latino male, who were sent to prison for a brutal rape they didn t commit. He still smears them.Trump actually said,  Black guys counting my money! I hate it,  and  I think that the guy is lazy. It s probably not his fault, because laziness is a trait in blacks. It really is. He wanted  The Apprentice: White People vs. Black People .He was a major player in the birther lies about President Obama, including claiming Obama was a  secret Muslim. He believes well-educated black people have advantages over well-educated white people in the jobs market.He said that Obama hadn t been very good for  the thugs who are so happily and openly destroying Baltimore. He openly praised some of his supporters for beating up a Black Lives Matter protester at one of his rallies.He said black people live in poverty, with terrible schools, and then asked them what they had to lose voting for him.He called Mexicans  criminals and rapists. He denigrated Judge Gonzalo Curiel, who s presiding over one of the Trump U. cases, saying his Mexican heritage meant he was biased against Trump.He said Mexicans and other immigrants were killers and rapists.He accused Mexico of sending their bad people up to us to deal with.In response to questions about these comments, he said,  Well, somebody s doing the raping, Don! I mean somebody s doing it! Who s doing the raping? Who s doing the raping? He made a very similar comment about Muslims about 9/11:  Well, somebody s blowing us up. Somebody s blowing up buildings, and somebody s doing lots of bad stuff. He said  I love Hispanics!  in a tweet of himself eating from a taco bowl in Trump Tower (this is like eating a watermelon or fried chicken and saying,  I love black people! ).He called supporters who beat up a homeless Hispanic man  passionate. He lied about Native Americans having a well-documented history of criminal activity to stop them from building a casino that would compete with his casinos in Atlantic City.He told the House Native American Affairs Subcomittee that the Mashantucket Pequot Nation, a Native American community in Connecticut near where he wanted to open a casino  don t look like Indians to me. They don t look like Indians to Indians. He s repeatedly called Sen. Elizabeth Warren, who has Cherokee ancestry,  Pocahontas. He s told Jews that he s a negotiator, just like them, and doubled down on that stereotype that Jews control the world s business dealings by saying,  Is there anyone who doesn t renegotiate deals in this room? He said Jews weren t going to support him because he doesn t want their money. They re going to want  their own politician. He wanted to rent apartments only to  Jews and executives. He tweeted an anti-Semitic picture of Hillary Clinton.He wants to ban all Muslims from entering the U.S., and force the Muslims already living here to register and wear some kind of ID.He said there s no choice but to close down mosques in the U.S.When attacking the Khans the Gold Star family who lost their son in Iraq and blasted him from the stage of the DNC he mocked both Khizr and his wife, Ghazala, for their culture by saying,  If you look at his wife, she was standing there. She had nothing to say. She probably, maybe she wasn t allowed to have anything to say. You tell me. He will not condemn the white nationalists/supremacists that make up the core of his base, and claims not to know who some of them, like David Duke, are. He wants to punish women who get abortions.He d shut down the U.S. government if it would help get Planned Parenthood defunded.He believes sexual assault in the military is the inevitable result of putting men and women together.He believes pregnancy is an inconvenience to business.He believes that women who are sexually harassed at work should find another career. He even says his own daughter should do that.He bragged about sexually assaulting and harassing women with Billy Bush on a bus for  Access Hollywood. The women who won on  The Apprentice  did so largely on their sex appeal.He openly talked about the size of his female contestants  breasts and which ones he d like to have sex with, and wanted women he worked with on the show to wear shorter skirts and bare more cleavage.He asked the men on  The Apprentice  to rate the women there on their physical attributes.He s told women they wouldn t have their jobs if they weren t beautiful, and fired women for losing their looks.He painted women who won t sign pre-nups as calculating gold-diggers, and accused women in general of being nothing more than manipulators of men in his book, The Art of the Comeback.He believes women enable their husbands  philandering (so Melania does, too, we suppose).He admitted to ogling Hillary Clinton during the 2nd general election debate, saying he  wasn t impressed. He loves lines in movies that demean women, such as,  Bitch, be quiet,  from  Pulp Fiction. He s  joked  that if Ivanka wasn t his daughter, he d be dating her.He s talked about Ivanka as a  piece of ass. He told two 14-year old girls that he d be dating them in a couple of years.He said something similar about a 10-year old girl.He wasn t afraid to say that a 12-year old Paris Hilton was hot.He thinks walking into a dressing room full of undressed, underage girls is perfectly okay.He said that an 18-year old Lindsay Lohan  is deeply troubled and therefore probably great in bed. How come the deeply troubled women, you know, deeply, deeply troubled, they re always the best in bed? He got into a months-long feud with Fox News anchor Megyn Kelly because she dared to ask him about his sexism in the 1st GOP primary debate.He s stalked and harassed other female reporters who were negative about him.He said,  Women, you have to treat  em like shit. He pitched a show he wanted to call  Lady or a Tramp?  It was to be a reality show about out-of-control party girls, and whether they could be turned into  ladies. He called a breastfeeding mother  disgusting  because she needed a break from a court deposition to pump her breasts.He has a history of calling women  ugly,   slobs,   pigs,   dogs,   bimbos,   Miss Piggy,  and other misogynistic terms.He keeps claiming that polls show that he won the first two debates in landslides (the credible polls show nothing of the sort)He claimed he never told people to check out Alicia Machado s sex tape (he literally said  check out [her] sex tape )He says Hillary has no childcare plan (it s been available for months)He said that Obama and Hillary are the founders of ISIS (no, not even close)He claimed to have sent investigators to Hawaii to investigate Obama s birth certificate, and said that they couldn t believe what they were finding (har de har har)He said that the NFL sent him a letter complaining about the debate schedule (the NFL stated they did no such thing)He claimed that Ted Cruz s father was seen with Lee Harvey Oswald when President John. F. Kennedy was shot (nobody has been able to corroborate this)He blasted the 2016 omnibus spending bill as funding a flood of undocumented immigrants (it strengthened border security)He ran an ad claiming to show Mexicans streaming across our border (the footage of people streaming across a border was actually from Morocco)He claimed thousands of Arabs in New Jersey were cheering in the streets as the Twin Towers fell (he s the only one who ever saw this)He keeps saying he can t release his tax returns because of an audit (the IRS says otherwise)He said he has a fiduciary duty to his businesses and his family to pay as little tax as possible (no such fiduciary duty exists since these are personal returns, not corporate returns)He claims it was Hillary who started the birther conspiracy (she didn t, here s who did)He says he never supported the war in Iraq (he said on Howard Stern s show that he supported it)He believes Tim Kaine oversaw a huge increase in undocumented immigration as governor of Virginia (such immigration was flat under Kaine)He claimed Hillary would print instant work permits for undocumented immigrants (they wouldn t be instant, and such permits would go to foreign graduate students already here legally)He claims NATO created a new terrorism division because of him (he had nothing to do with it)He said he saw a  top secret video  of Iranian officials offloading $400 million from an American plane (no such tape ever existed)He says Hillary filibustered away legislation that would have reformed Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac (the bill never even faced a cloture vote)He s said we ve got no system to vet refugees (we have an extensive system to vet them)He said that the wives and families of the 9/11 hijackers were sent back to Saudi Arabia two days before the attacks for safety (total baloney)He claimed that Trump University had an A rating from the Better Business Bureau (not really; it did once, but its final rating was a D-)He accused Ted Cruz of having a double passport (there s no such thing as a double passport, and Cruz renounced his Canadian citizenship in 2014)He said that Syrian Christians can t come into the U.S. (we have no religious test for refugees)He sued the Department of Justice for defamation after they sued him for violating the Fair Housing ActHe has threatened multiple outlets, including with lawsuits and even sent cease-and-desist letters, for making him look bad. Such outlets include:He threatened to sue Louisiana delegates for standing by Ted Cruz during the primaries.He also threatened to sue Ted Cruz over alleged voter fraud in Iowa after losing the primary there.He threatened to sue Cruz over a negative political ad.He wanted to sue Bill Maher after Maher bet $5 million for Trump to prove he  wasn t the spawn of his mother having sex with an orangutan. He tried to sue reporter Timothy O Brien for questioning his wealth in a 2005 biography called  TrumpNation. One of his advisors said,  Every critic, every detractor, will have to bow down to President Trump. He vowed to get revenge on Republicans who turned their backs on him following the revelations that he s a sexual predator.He threatened to start a super-Pac in 2018 for the sole purpose of taking down both Ted Cruz and John Kasich for perceived slights during and after the primaries.He believes that his poll numbers are falling apart because of an international conspiracy involving Hillary, Democrats, banks, and the media, rather than because of anything he s done.He believes Hillary has corrupted the FBI so they would absolve her of wrongdoing in her email scandal.He believes that immigration officials are allowing undocumented immigrants into the country specifically to vote for Hillary.He thinks that Hillary conspired with the debate organizers to hold the first two debates on NFL game days, in an effort to ensure fewer people saw him on the debate stages.He believes that the entire election is rigged because Hillary isn t in prison, and has repeatedly threatened to jail her after he s elected.There s a strong possibility that his entire circus of a campaign is his revenge on a political class that s been laughing at him for 30 years.He repeatedly and viciously attacked a Gold Star family who angered him from the stage of the DNC.He said he wanted to hit other DNC speakers  so hard, their heads will spin. He wants to  open up libel laws  after he s elected for the sole purpose of suing the press for saying bad things about him.The most well known scam is probably Trump University, in which students paid ever growing amounts to learn secrets that didn t exist from instructors that Trump didn t even know, despite his claims.He has funneled millions from his campaign to his own businesses, legally, but with clear intent to line his own pockets with campaign funds.He used Chapter 11 bankruptcy protection to insulate himself from the fallout of his failed business ventures. He claims he was  just playing the game. He tried to force tenants on Central Park South out of their rent-controlled apartments so he could knock the building down and build expensive luxury condos.He used undocumented Polish immigrants to help build his signature Trump Tower, in New York. Part of the purpose of this was to avoid paying union pensions and other compensation.He had his father swoop in on one of his troubled Atlantic City casinos and buy $3.5 million worth of chips instead of getting a bank loan, which was a violation of New Jersey gaming laws.When he dabbled in the  condo-hotel  business, condo buyers often purchased from him because of his allegedly good name, and a belief that they d deal directly with him, only to find that he was barely involved.He has refused to pay his contractors, along with workers such as plumbers and even dishwashers, in his buildings. His excuses are along the lines of bad workmanship, but other employees admitted in court that some managers determined painters had already been paid enough, so he refused to pay any more.He bought up tons of his own books to drive their sales up.His non-profit organization, the Trump Foundation, can t legally solicit donations because it never filed the requisite paperwork through the State of New York. Records show that the foundation didn t always make the donations it claimed. It s also implicated in some of the donations to states  attorneys general that were initiating investigations into him.His businesses have had business in Cuba, in one way or another, for at least the last 20 years, in violation of the embargo. He claims this isn t true.How anybody can vote for Trump, knowing all of this, is beyond the realm of sanity. Trump is an evil, disgusting liar of a piece of dirty pond scum. He has no business being anywhere near the White House. Ever.Featured image by Sarah Rice via Getty Images",0
4148, Howard Stern: Having Trump On My Show To Demean Women With Sex Talk Was No Accident,"Time and time again, Donald Trump appeared on the Howard Stern Show. During his interviews, he rated women on a scale from one to ten, told Stern it was okay to call his daughter Ivanka a  piece of ass,  and bragged about his own sex life. (I ll wait while you gag.) These comments have come back to bite Trump in his orange derriere repeatedly throughout his run for the White House.Howard Stern, who happens to be a Democrat, is finally commenting on the impact his past shows have had on this year s election. He said that having the billionaire on his show to talk about sex and degrade women was no accident, Trump fit the part by nature. Stern also said that he was not replaying the tapes of the GOP nominee s old interviews because he considers Trump a friend and doing so would be a  betrayal. Donald Trump did the show in an effort to be entertaining and have fun with us,  Stern said on his Sirius satellite radio show.  I fully knew what I was doing when I interviewed Trump. I knew I had a guy who loved to talk about sex.   I had a guy who loved to evaluate women on a scale of 1 to 10. These are avenues I went down because I knew it would entertain the audience. Stern said that he was stunned that the tapes from his show hadn t surfaced earlier. He added that he had asked Trump what the heck he was thinking when he launched his bid for the presidency. I said,  Why are you doing this? Why would a guy with billions of dollars (run for president)?   Don t you know what they re gonna do to you? Don t you know they re gonna open up everything?' The shock jock also weighed in on the  Pu**ygate  tapes that recently turned up in which Trump bragged that he could sexually assault women because he is  a star.  Stern is known for his raunchiness, but even he said that Trump s locker room talk  defense was a load of crap. I have never been in the room when someone has said,  Grab them by the pussy,'  said Stern.  No one s ever advocated going that step where you get a little bit,  Hey I m going to invade someone s space.' Featured image via Steve Pope/Getty Images and Jamie McCarthy/Getty Images",0
4149, REPORT: Trump Laughed After Woman Was Grabbed ‘By The P*ssy’ On Apprentice Set,"Donald Trump is again under fire from allegations of misbehavior on the topic of sexual conduct on the set of his reality show, The Apprentice. Trump has increasingly been criticized for his actions with women, as they have come forward one-by-one making claims that the Republican presidential nominee forced himself on them.The latest claim, uncovered by The Daily Beast, involves Trump s failure to act.Oscar nominee Gary Busey allegedly sexually assaulted a female Apprentice employee during his time on the show, five Apprentice employees tell The Daily Beast. Donald Trump knew about the incident, laughed it off, and kept Busey on his TV series, these staffers said.Multiple Apprentice employees, including the alleged victim herself, told The Daily Beast that the Academy-Award-nominated actor  grabbed  one of their colleagues  firmly between [the] legs  during the 2011 season of Celebrity Apprentice. Busey also forcibly put the female staffer s hand on the crotch of his pants. The alleged incident, which they say took place during a location shoot in SoHo in New York City, prompted a firestorm among members of the Apprentice crew.The report comes as the Trump campaign has begun a public relations offensive featuring Trump s current wife, Melania. She appeared on several outlets and claimed that the women coming forward to accuse her husband were all lying. Melania Trump also claimed that the audio tape in which Trump joked about sexually assaulting women was simply a matter of the 59-year-old Trump acting like a  boy  and being egged on by Access Hollywood host Billy Bush.Newly released polls show that a majority of woman voters do not take such a charitable view of Trump s actions, and instead are overwhelmingly choosing Hillary Clinton as their candidate. Clinton is even winning a plurality of support with married women, previously a weak spot for Democratic candidates.Featured image via YouTube",0
4150, Expert On Voting Fraud DESTROYS Trump’s Lies In BLISTERING Twitter Attack (TWEETS),"Terrified and unable to accept that he s destroyed almost all chances of winning this election, Republican nominee Donald Trump is STILL whining that everything is rigged   from claims of media bias, sabotaged debate microphones, dishonest polls, and voter fraud. Trump isn t letting it go, and even his own party isn t willing to support him on his ridiculous claims anymore. Earlier Monday, Trump tweeted: Of course there is large scale voter fraud happening on and before election day. Why do Republican leaders deny what is going on? So naive! Well, someone came forward to put Trump s lies to rest once and for all. Election law expert Rick Hasen finally had enough of Trump s idiocy and issued some brutal fact-checking on Twitter. Hasen was the perfect person to come forward and annihilate Trump   he s spent his career studying voter fraud, and was more than qualified to drop this brilliant truth bomb on unsuspecting Trump. In an epic Tweetstorm, Hasen ripped Trump a new one and proved that Trump s fear mongering about voter fraud has been taken way out of proportion and is a blatant exaggeration:TwitterTwitterTwitterTwitterTwitterAnd these are only a FEW of the tweets of Hasen slamming Trump. You can see the full sh*tshow here. Hasen didn t stop with a social media rant, either   he wroteHasen didn t stop with a social media rant, either   he wrote a scathing op-ed on Talking Points Memo: Claims of voter fraud are often exaggerated by orders of magnitude. Consider the claims about non-citizen voting. Matt Drudge recently had a headline stating:  Report: 1,000+ Illegal Voters in Virginia.  And Dan Scavino, Jr. tweeted:  Terrible. We know who the 1,000+ illegal aliens ARE NOT VOTING FOR! A fixed presidential election in the making .will we ever know!?!?  But if you look at the underlying report, they have identified only 31 actual non-citizen voters in Virginia over the last 10 years. No doubt there are some more, as not all the counties have responded yet. But it is not 1,000 plus non-citizens voting in Va. ( In the 8 jurisdictions that provided us with lists of aliens recently removed from their voter rolls, we discovered that 31 non-citizens had cast a total of 186 votes between 2005 and 2015. The most alien votes were cast in 2012 followed by 2008, the year President Obama was elected to his first term.  (emphasis omitted)). Don t believe all the hype. Non-citizen voting is a real, but pretty small, problem (because the penalties are high and the payoff low). Unfortunately, we know Trump isn t going to shut up because he only gets louder after being proven wrong. Thank goodness we only have to tolerate a few more weeks of him.Featured image via Jeff Swensen / Getty Images",0
4151, WATCH: Wolf Blitzer SILENCES Trump Supporter’s Whining About No Equal Air Time For Clinton Accusers,"Trump campaign manager Kellyanne Conway ran into a buzzsaw named Wolf Blitzer on Monday and she was absolutely shredded with facts.The CNN host grilled Conway for being a hypocrite when it comes to women who are accusing Republican nominee Donald Trump of sexual assault versus the women who accused Bill Clinton of sexual assault twenty years ago. Why do you believe that voters should believe Bill Clinton s accusers, there are several of them, but not Donald Trump s accusers?  Blitzer asked during The Situation Room after pointing out a tweet by Conway saying that she agrees with Hillary Clinton that  every survivor of sexual assault deserves to be heard. Conway responded by basically walking back her tweet and then started ranting about evidence and that belief should only apply if the women take Trump to court. Of course, the statute of limitations pretty much prevents any meaningful judgment from coming down. Meanwhile, Bill Clinton s accusers did not file their own claims in court until after they went public in the media. Juanita Broaddrick, who accused Bill Clinton of raping her, even filed a sworn affidavit claiming that the rape allegations were not true, thus contradicting her own retraction later on.Conway also tried to change the subject, but Wolf didn t let her off the hook, and that led to Conway whining about how little air time Bill Clinton s accusers supposedly received at the time they made their accusations. These woman got nearly no air time compared to the air time that was given on CNN and other places, Wolf, to the accusers of Donald Trump,  she complained.  It s simply unfair and unbalanced. It s also a complete fabrication. You see, Wolf Blitzer was a Senior White House Correspondent at the time so he remembers the media circus surrounding the accusations against Clinton and he brutally reminded Conway of that fact and the fact that she should know better since she was there as well. Let me just point out, I was CNN s Senior White House Correspondent in 1998, 1999, 2000, when these women, including of course Monica Lewinsky, got tons and tons and tons of air time. You remember those days, I remember those days. We all remember those days, we went through all of those cases, these women who have come forward. We gave them a lot of reporting time. When Blitzer continued by asking Conway if she would encourage Trump s supporters to go to court, she quickly denied doing that. You know, because Trump would be forced to go to court as well.Conway proceeded to argue that Hillary s conduct toward the women is relevant but then turned around and cheered on Melania Trump for calling her husband s accusers liars and accusing them of  fabricating  these allegations for  financial and political reasons. In other words, Conway is okay with Melania Trump believing her husband and treating these women like moneygrubbers and liars, but she thinks Hillary Clinton is evil for doing the same thing back in the 1990s?That s some professional hypocrisy Conway is practicing.Here s the video:The bottom line here is that Bill Clinton is not running for president. Donald Trump IS.Hillary Clinton was First Lady twenty years ago. And she acted as any wife would in defense of her husband. But again, Hillary Clinton has never been accused of sexual assault. Trump IS being accused of sexual assault. But Trump and his team are pretending that Hillary Clinton s conduct toward her husband s accusers is worse than Trump s conduct toward women and that is a false equivalency that should be blown to smithereens the same way Wolf Blitzer torpedoed Kellyanne Conway s whining about equal air time.Featured Image: Screenshot",0
4152, Pro-Trump ‘Christian’ Leaders Just Got Taken To The Woodshed By 700 Christian Women,"Conservative  Christian  leaders who still support Donald Trump despite his sexism and remarks about sexual assault are feeling the wrath of Christian women right now.When Donald Trump was caught bragging about groping women, hitting on teen girls, and accused of sexual assault, conservative  Christians  like Tony Perkins, Ralph Reed, and Pat Robertson all said that they continue to support the Republican nominee, thus proving that they care more about power than they do about morals.Indeed, the hypocrisy of conservative  Christian  leaders, when it comes to Trump, has been stunning to watch unfold because these men are literally giving Trump a pass. If Trump had sexually assaulted men instead of women, you can be sure Perkins and the rest of his ilk would not only be calling for Trump to be removed from the ballot, they d be calling for his execution.But because Trump assaulted and insulted women, these so-called  men of God  don t give a damn.And they pissed women off in the process, which is why 700 Christian women from across the country signed a letter to these male leaders calling them out for continuing to support Trump. As Christian women we are appalled by Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump s recorded remarks that disparage women and condone sexual assault,  the women wrote.  Such language cannot be dismissed as  locker room talk. Mr. Trump must offer public contrition that fully acknowledges the seriousness and depravity of his actions.The sin of misogyny has caused many of us to experience sexual assault or sexually abusive language that threatened our safety, dignity and well-being.Christian leaders cannot condone such violent speech about women as a minor mistake or an innocent attempt to be  macho.  These excuses teach our young people that such language is acceptable and do further harm to those who have been abused.We urge all religious leaders to preach, teach and help their communities heal from the twin sins of sexual violence and misogyny. While we are disheartened by Mr. Trump s toxic words, we believe this moment presents an opportunity to teach our daughters and sons that they are loved, and to teach all Americans how to speak out against sexually violent language.Unlike the charlatans who still support Trump and dare to call themselves  Christians,  these 700 women are demonstrating true Christian values.Donald Trump s words and behavior is unacceptable and should be condemned by religious leaders, not ignored or excused. Ignoring and excusing his behavior and words only sends a message to men within and outside of the congregation that it is okay to treat women like shit. But it s not okay and Donald Trump should not be allowed to be President of the United States.Any conservative  Christian  who still supports Trump after these latest revelations even after whining for years about how America supposedly needs a president with strong moral values in the White House, should be ashamed of themselves because they not only revealed themselves as hypocrites, they disgraced their church and their God.Featured Image: Dashboard Jesus via Amazon",0
4153, Obama Teams Up With Stephen Colbert For Brutal Trump Diss; Trump LIVID (VIDEO),"President Barack Obama hasn t exactly kept his disgust and disdain for Republican nominee Donald Trump a secret, but he made it hilariously obvious when he appeared on Monday night s Late Show With Stephen Colbert, as the two men brutally mocked the GOP s sorry excuse for a presidential candidate.On the show, Obama sat down with host Stephen Colbert, who tries to disguise himself so he can subtly ask the President how he feels about this election s presidential candidates. Because he couldn t flat-out ask Obama how he really felt, Colbert found an interesting way to get the information out of our commander-in-chief: by asking him to choose between two snacks.Colbert asked Obama to make a decision between  an extra fiber nutrient bar which has traveled to more than 100 countries, or this shriveled tangerine covered in golden retriever hair, filled with bile, that I wouldn t leave alone with the woman I love.  By the description alone, we all know just which snack represented what candidate but the visual made the whole thing even more hilarious. In all honesty, the tangerine wasn t too far off from being an exact replica of Trump anyway.You can watch the clip below to see Colbert and Obama both poke fun of America s worse presidential candidate to date:Wherein @POTUS makes an important snack decision. (Watch the rest tonight on #LSSC!) pic.twitter.com/Wkeqs6tMU8  The Late Show (@colbertlateshow) October 17, 2016Judging by Trump s Twitter activity over the last few hours, the business mogul may have already seen this clip   because he was caught dissing Obama shortly after Colbert tweeted the clip (and Obama s decision):TwitterBitter, much? Trump s emotions are running high right now, and he must be terrified to face off with Clinton again during Wednesday night s debate. He s unraveling fast, and I m sure having the President of the United States insult you only adds insult to injury.Featured image via screenshots",0
4154, BOMBSHELL: Melania Trump Refuses To Believe Access Hollywood Tapes In BIZARRE Interview (VIDEO),"With the release of the 2005 Access Hollywood tape revealing Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump saying lewd remarks that revealed him to be a sexual predator, there hasn t been anyone capable of defending him.However, now, in an interview with Anderson Cooper on CNN, Melania Trump is coming to her husband s defense and seemingly blaming Billy Bush, the other man on the Access Hollywood tape.According to Melania, Bush  egged  Trump on. Although, if you listen to the tapes it was clearly the other way around.Melania told Cooper: I said to my husband that, you know, the language was inappropriate. It s not acceptable. And I was surprised, because that is not the man that I know. She also said, now making excuses for his horrific behavior: And as you can see from the tape, the cameras were not on   it was only a mic. And I wonder if they even knew that the mic was on. Then when asked if she s ever heard her husband speak like that, she said: No. No, that s why I was surprised, because I said like I don t know that person that would talk that way, and that he would say that kind of stuff in private. Melania seems to either be in complete denial that her husband does, in fact, speak that way, or she s been instructed by her husband and his campaign to shift blame to Billy Bush and away from Donald. Either way, it s very, very bizarre.In a statement after the tapes were released, Melania had said: The words my husband used are unacceptable and offensive to me. But now she s making excuses for them. Who knows what the hell is going on, really? Yet, what we do know is that Donald Trump said those horrific remarks and needs to be kept as far away from the Oval Office as possible.Watch the video here:Melania thinks Billy  egged on  Trump into saying  dirty and bad stuff,  like these two are school boys at recess. https://t.co/fCL9SgXhP3 pic.twitter.com/UfnTQrSMad  Andrew Kirell (@AndrewKirell) October 17, 2016Featured image via video screen capture",0
4155," In STUNNING Admission, John McCain Just Handed Democrats The Senate (AUDIO)","If Republicans want to lose Congress, there s one surefire way: let Americans know that they will be in for at least two more years of gridlock and obstruction if they win. John McCain, in a stunning admission, promised exactly that.In a radio interview on Philadelphia s 1210 WPHT radio on Monday, McCain wasn t able to say with certainty that Donald Trump would be better at nominating Supreme Court justices than Hillary Clinton would be, but he does promise that if Clinton wins, there s no way the Senate will ever vote on one of her Supreme Court nominees.Later in the interview, McCain used the opportunity to make the case for fellow Republican Sen. Pat Toomey, who is locked in a close battle to retain his Senate seat in Pennsylvania. McCain promised that Republicans would be  united against any Supreme Court nominee  put forth by Clinton. I promise you that we will be united against any Supreme Court nominee that Hillary Clinton, if she were president, would put up,  McCain said.  I promise you. This is where we need the majority and Pat Toomey is probably as articulate and effective on the floor of the Senate as anyone I have encountered. Source: CNNHere s the audio:Voters won t buy it. While McCain s seat is pretty safe, the Senate as a whole is not. Republicans have to win at least 21 seats to retain their majority in the Senate. Democrats only need 15. It s not just that, either. Voters know that it s Congress, not President Obama, who is responsible for the gridlock in Washington, and they are sick of it. Most Americans want the Senate to give Obama s Supreme Court nominee, Merrick Garland, a hearing and ultimately, an up or down vote. Instead, McCain and Republicans are promising more of the same, which is absolutely nothing. Trust me, Americans will punish them at the polls, especially as Donald Trump s campaign continues its downward spiral.Featured image via Win McNamee/Getty Images.",0
4156, Letter To The Editor Claims Hillary Is Unfit Because She Might Get Her Period (IMAGE),"A Pennsylvania man apparently failed basic biology, but he s a strong Donald Trump supporter. Carl Unger of Montgomery Pennsylvania wrote a letter to the Williamsport Sun-Gazette. The letter was supportive of Trump, but in protesting being called sexist, he makes one of the most sexist, and stupid attacks on Hillary Clinton yet. Now the liberals and Obama are calling for social justice and it is just code for socialism,  the letter begins. Now they have college students who are talking about being triggered and taking away freedom of speech while the liberal politicians work on taking our guns so we cannot defend ourselves when the government comes.  I hate to break it to you, Carl, but the government is everywhere. The government is the military, it s the police. If they wanted your guns, they would take them. They don t want them. They call us sexist just because we are critical of Hillary Clinton and her health.  Critical of her health? Do you expect her to apologize for the apparent federal offense of getting pneumonia?Read this next sentence/paragraph twice.Gee, Carl, we totally believe you aren t sexist, especially after that zinger. Women get sick and have their time of the month all the friggen time. Most of us still go about our business, because we have no other choice. As for Clinton, though, um, she s 68 years old. She probably hasn t had her time of the month since the last millennia. The last time, she likely lived in the White House. If she is still getting her period, well, we should be in complete awe.In case Carl s sexist argument for why he s not sexist hasn t convinced you, he also made a racist argument for why he s not racist. The liberals call us racist to silence us because they cannot handle the truth that when they give out money to people of all races it makes them lazy. Here s the full letter:This letter actually ran in the Williamsport Sun-Gazette, a real newspaper, today pic.twitter.com/LEPYtC2sx5  Anna Orso (@anna_orso) October 15, 2016 Featured image via Justin Sullivan/Getty Images.",0
4157, The White House Just MOCKED Trump’s ‘Drug Test’ Request; Says He’s The One On Drugs (VIDEO),"One of Donald Trump s latest conspiracy theories he s been spreading far and wide about his opponent Hillary Clinton is that she s on drugs and there should be a drug test before the next debate.Of course, he s likely saying this, because as per usual, anything said about him he turns around to say about Hillary. He s a master projector and this  drug test  poppycock is no different. He s been sniffing constantly through the debates, and many have asked if he may be on cocaine or something else.When White House Press Secretary Josh Earnest was just asked about a potential drug test, he said: You re telling me that the candidate who snorted his way through the first two debates is accusing the other candidate of taking drugs? That s a curious development in the campaign. Watch for yourself here:.@PressSec on Trump's call for candidate drug test: Trump ""snorted his way through the first two debates "" https://t.co/pcmFmEUlDY  POLITICO (@politico) October 17, 2016Of course, when pressed if he was insinuated Trump was on drugs, Earnest said he was joking.However, one does wonder why Trump keeps sniffing. Is he sick? Does he lack stamina? Is he taking drugs to stay awake? Who s really to know, but since Trump did raise the question of drug tests, maybe we should find out. Maybe he s saying it to deflect because everyone has been questioning him.See, two can play at this conspiracy theory game.How about we stick to the issues? Or the fact that Trump is still deflecting from his lack of showing his taxes. You know someone has something to hide when they can t answer questions and choose to make lame claims about their opponent.Good on Earnest for laughing it off, as we all should.Featured image via video screen capture   Chip Somodevilla/Getty Images",0
4158, Democrats Raise Money To Rebuild Firebombed GOP Office While Selfish Trump Demonizes Them,"As Donald Trump condemned Democrats as  animals  on Sunday because a GOP office was firebombed on Saturday night, it was the Democrats who raised money to help rebuild the office while Trump didn t send a dime.Let s make one thing clear. Whoever firebombed the GOP office in Hillsborough, North Carolina is a terrorist. But we don t actually know who committed the act and we certainly don t know where the perpetrator(s) stand politically.But that didn t stop Trump from immediately blaming Hillary Clinton supporters in his response to the incident.Animals representing Hillary Clinton and Dems in North Carolina just firebombed our office in Orange County because we are winning @NCGOP  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) October 16, 2016Of course, Hillary s response sounded way more presidential.The attack on the Orange County HQ @NCGOP office is horrific and unacceptable. Very grateful that everyone is safe.  Hillary Clinton (@HillaryClinton) October 16, 2016And while Donald Trump is busy demonizing Hillary supporters and Democrats, it is Democrats who are saving the day in the name of democracy and compassion.A group of Democrats started a GoFundMe account to raise money in an effort to help the Republican Party rebuild the destroyed office and get it running again as soon as possible. As Democrats, we are starting this campaign to enable the Orange County, North Carolina Republican office to re-open as soon as possible,  the account s message reads. Until an investigation is undertaken, we cannot know who did this or why. No matter the result, this is not how Americans resolve their differences. We talk, we argue, sometimes we march, and most of all we vote. We do not resort to violence by individuals or by mobs.So, let s all pitch in, no matter what your party affiliation, in and get that office open again quickly. And while Trump hasn t provided any money to help rebuild the office, these Democrats raised $13,000 in a matter of hours to give to the North Carolina GOP in a spectacular demonstration of American values. This is a moment for graciousness, not fractiousness,  said Jeff Jarvis, one of the Democrats who helped put this fundraiser together.Unlike Donald Trump s selfishness and accusatory rhetoric, Democrats displayed true patriotism and compassion for their fellow Americans even though they are divided by political beliefs. This is the true definition of citizenship and you have to wonder if Republicans would do the same if it were a Democratic office that had been bombed. Surely, they would. But it s hard to say considering Trump is painting Democrats as  animals  who hate America.Featured Image: Jessica Kourkounis/Getty Images",0
4159, T-shirts Were Sold Outside Bills Game With Rifle Sight On Kaepernick (IMAGES),"San Francisco 49ers quarterback Colin Kaepernick again took to his knee during the national anthem in Sunday s game against the Buffalo Bills, but before that, a loud chant of  USA, USA  could be heard at the stadium from those offended by his right to silently protest against racial inequality.The chants weren t even the worst thing on display. Just outside of the stadium, t-shirts were being sold with an image of Kaepernick with a rifle sight on him. The text on the t-shirt reads,  Wanted  and  Notorious Disgrace to America. Another t-shirt reads,  Shut Up And Stand Up!  along with the quarterback s last name spelled  Kaeperdick  and an image of him.Robert Klempko of MMQB tweeted,  Shirts with a rifle scope trained on Colin Kaepernick selling for $10 outside of Ralph Wilson stadium.  It gets even worse:Elsewhere outside the stadium, one group of fans were hitting a dummy wearing a Kaepernick jersey and an afro wig. Per Klemko, one fan, yelled,  Tackle the Muslim. That ugly display was captured on video and so was this incident:Here's a very drunk Bills fan spearing a dummy with Kaepernick jersey and afro wig. pic.twitter.com/PDo0NL2Pcp  Robert Klemko (@RobertKlemko) October 16, 2016Klempko wrote in a following tweet,  FWIW: Guy walking past this scene cupped his hands around his mouth and yelled,  THIS JUST MAKES BUFFALO LOOK BAD! FWIW: Guy walking past this scene cupped his hands around his mouth and yelled, ""THIS JUST MAKES BUFFALO LOOK BAD!""  Robert Klemko (@RobertKlemko) October 16, 2016While conservatives consider Kaepernick s continued protest over racial inequality and oppression in the United States to be unpatriotic, they probably also think descending on Washington D.C. with t-shirts describing America s first black president as a scary black Kenyan is patriotic. I don t understand what s un-American about fighting for liberty and justice for everybody, for the equality this country says it stands for,  Kaepernick said after the game.  To me, I see it as very patriotic and American to uphold the United States to the standards that it says it lives by. But Kaepernick was not alone. Outside the stadium, African-Americans and whites knelt in solidarity with the quarterback s cause.#Bills fans, black and white, kneel during the anthem outside the stadium before the #49ers game. pic.twitter.com/kCmsIs94GM  Nick Veronica (@NickVeronica) October 16, 2016On a good note, Kaepernick said death threats are  rare occurrences now.  On a bad note, he never should have received death threats in the first place.Photo by Thearon W. Henderson via Getty.",0
4160, WATCH: Elizabeth Warren MOCKED Trump So Hard He’ll Be Throwing A Temper Tantrum Any Second Now,"Elizabeth Warren went on the attack against Donald Trump again on Sunday and you can bet that the Republican nominee is fuming about it.During a rally in Colorado, the Massachusetts Senator called out the alleged billionaire for bragging about sexual assault, being a failed businessman, and for being too scared to release his tax returns. In this election, I am proud to be a Democrat,  Warren began.  I am proud that we are a party that doesn t debate who has the smallest hands. Warren talked about the years between 1935 and 1980 when the economy worked for all Americans before Ronald Reagan became president and helped Republicans push through an agenda that reversed that prosperity and gave it to the wealthy.Then she turned her ire back on to Trump, calling him a  small insecure moneygrubber  who only cares about himself because when the housing crash happened he rooted for it because he wanted to  swoop in  like a vulture and buy the properties on the cheap.Warren then took aim at Trump for stiffing the people he made contracts with to build his resorts, people like plumbers and painters who didn t get paid because Trump is  a pathetic cheapskate  who screws over the little guy when it suits him.Then she brought up Trump s refusal to release his tax returns, which could confirm that he paid no federal income taxes for 20 years.  The big brave Donald Trump is too chicken to release his tax returns,  she said before clucking like a chicken daring Trump to not be a coward.But she saved most of her anger for the way Trump has treated women and how he has bragged about sexually assaulting women. Some people say it makes them sick to hear Donald Trump talk like that,  Warren told the crowd.  Well not me. Donald Trump s words don t make me sick anymore. They make me furious. Here s the full speech via YouTube.Donald Trump has never been able to pick a fight with Elizabeth Warren and win so it would be inadvisable for him to attack her on social media again. But because Trump is so thin-skinned, we should be expecting a temper tantrum any time.Featured Image via screencap",0
4161, Joe Biden Just SKEWERED Donald Trump For Bragging About Sexual Assault (VIDEO),"Vice President Joe Biden has been a strong advocate for sexual assault victims and he is letting it be known exactly where he stands when it comes to Donald Trump bragging about being a sexual predator.During the interview on Meet The Press, Biden told NBC s Chuck Todd that when Trump boasted that he could  grab  em by the p*ssy,  the GOP nominee was giving a textbook definition of sexual assault.  Todd asked the vice president why Trump didn t deserve to get the benefit of the doubt when it comes to the sexual assault allegations against him that have been piling up. Biden s answer was simple:  His own words. His own words, I don t even have to go to the accusers,  Biden explained.  When a man says what he said, that is a textbook definition of sexual assault. I mean, it s a textbook definition. But what makes it believable that he engaged in that kind of activity, it s not that just that he said it, but sort of his instinctive abuse of power. He acts like that in private sector and he acts in the way he treats employees,  he continued.  You know,  I live in the penthouse. I m a billionaire, I m a star and I can do what I want.  That s the most disturbing piece! You know, my father used to say,  The greatest abuse is the abuse of power.  Economic power, political power, physical power. And this is not a guy who should be representing the United States in anyway. Watch Biden skewer Trump for bragging about being a sexual predator, here:Featured image via video screen capture",0
4162," Trump Amps Up Feud With Paul Ryan, Kicks GOP Civil War Into High Gear (TWEETS)","There is most definitely no love lost between GOP presidential nominee Donald Trump and House Speaker Paul Ryan. This is especially true since Trump was caught on tape with then- Access Hollywood host Billy Bush having an extremely lewd conversation about women and bragging about sexual assault. Ryan uninvited Trump from their joint campaign event the next day. Trump has since been publicly attacking Ryan on Twitter, and he continued that trend Sunday.Here are the tweets Trump sent out, while the spineless speaker did nothing to control his own nominee:The Democrats have a corrupt political machine pushing crooked Hillary Clinton. We have Paul Ryan, always fighting the Republican nominee!  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) October 16, 2016Paul Ryan, a man who doesn't know how to win (including failed run four years ago), must start focusing on the budget, military, vets etc.  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) October 16, 2016Even while attacking Democratic nominee Hillary Clinton, Trump couldn t leave Ryan out of it:Wow, interview released by Wikileakes shows ""quid pro quo"" in Crooked Hillary e-mail probe.Such a dishonest person   & Paul Ryan does zilch!  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) October 16, 2016If Trump s previous public feuds and personal grievances are any indication, his obsession with Paul Ryan will not be ending anytime soon. In fact, it will likely go right up to election day, and Trump will blame his loss on Ryan, along with the media, the Democrats, Hillary Clinton, the women making accusations against him, and everyone but himself. Buckle your seat belt for this one Speaker Ryan. You re definitely in for a rough ride.Featured image via Sarah Rice/Getty Images",0
4163," WOW: Republican NYT Columnist QUITS GOP, Rips Trump To Pieces In Must-Read Rant","A Republican New York Times writer just jumped ship from the GOP to become a Democrat because of Republican cowardice to unendorse Donald Trump.Josh Barro, who is also the senior editor at Business Insider, penned a column explaining why he switched parties and he did not hold back. The most important thing we have learned this year is that, when the Republican Party was hijacked by a dangerous fascist who threatens to destroy the institutions that make America great and free, most Republicans up and down the organizational chart stood behind him and insisted he ought to be president,  Barro began before focusing on Republicans who support Trump despite how dangerous he is to our country.Specifically, he called out Ted Cruz, Marco Rubio, and House Speaker Paul Ryan for standing by Trump anyway  for reasons of strategy, careerism, or cowardice. Referring to them as  cowards and scoundrels,  Barro points to these three as the primary reason he has left the party he grew up supporting. They are taking an action that risks the destruction of the American republic to advance their personal interests,  Barro wrote.  I can only conclude from the available evidence that they love their careers more than they love America. And they are why I quit the Republican Party this week. Barro explained that he has been a Republican for a long time because he didn t  think it was ridiculous to be in a party that I disagreed with on a lot of national issues. He had hoped to help bring change to the Republican Party from within, to  improve ideas at the margin in the long run.  But what this election has made clear is that policy is not the most important problem with the Republican Party,  Barro said.Indeed, Republicans are only really interested in power, which is why Republican leaders have thrown in their lot with Trump. They are hoping Trump will be a puppet who will pass all of their agenda, which would basically burn the government to the ground and usher in a completely ideologically pure conservative government.Barro went on to describe the  fundamental vulnerability  of the GOP.Because of the fact-free environment so many of its voters live in, and because of the anti-Democrat hysteria that had been willfully whipped up by so many of its politicians, it was possible for the party to be taken over by a fascist promising revenge.And because there are only two major parties in the United States, and either of the parties  nominees can become president, such a vulnerability in the Republican Party constitutes a vulnerability in our democracy. I can t be a part of an organization that creates that kind of risk,  Barro said.Considering part of the Republican agenda includes voter suppression and stripping civil rights away from women and minorities, Barro is spot on with his observation.He has also concluded that while moderate Republicans may try to wrestle the soul of the party back from the  conspiracy nuts and proto-fascists  that have taken it over, he believe they  will fail  and he refuses to  stick around to watch. Barro is definitely not alone. Many Republicans have been jumping ship because of Donald Trump. And on Election Day, we will find out just exactly how much the Republican Party has been damaged by this exodus. Because if Trump loses by a landslide and down-ticket GOP candidates get their asses handed to them, it will be such a disaster for the party that they will have no choice. They will have to change or go extinct.Featured Image: baystateconservativenews.com",0
4164, Tim Kaine BURNS Unhinged Trump: He’s ‘Swinging At Every Phantom Of His Own Imagination’,"Donald Trump has been coming apart at the seams before our very eyes. The public has noticed, certainly, but so has someone else: Democratic vice presidential nominee Tim Kaine. Hillary Clinton s veep said the following of Trump s attempts to blame the rest of the world for the accusations of groping that keep coming out against him: He is swinging at every phantom of his own imagination because he knows he s losing. These remarks were made on ABC s This Week, and Kaine also made it crystal clear that Trump s allegations that Hillary s campaign had anything to do with the avalanche of unflattering stories that have come out ever since Trump was caught on a hot mic with then-Access Hollywood host Billy Bush, insisting that he could do anything he wanted to women because he is a star.While discussing Trump, Kaine also reminded America of the orange buffoon s bullying behavior, and said that the hot mic tape is what gave these women the courage to tell the stories of their experience with Trump: That s what s going on. It s not because of our campaign, but it s very characteristic of Donald Trump that now he s blaming these women.He s making weird claims that, no, I couldn t have assaulted this person, she s not attractive enough to assault. How bizarre is that? He s blaming the media; he s blaming the GOP; he s saying that America can t run a fair election. And this is what bullies do. Tim Kaine is right. Trump bullies and threatens anyone who he can t get his way with. He makes sure that people understand that he ll make their lives a living hell if they dare to go against him, no matter how horrible his behavior has been.Well, it looks like Trump has finally met his match, and the tantrum he throws when he loses on election night is sure to be one for the ages.Featured image via Justin Sullivan/Getty Images",0
4165, Republican Mailer Threatens To Out Voters To Neighbors If They Vote Democrat,"New Mexico Republicans are resorting to intimidation tactics to scare voters into voting for Donald Trump.The Republican Party is literally sending out flyers to people across the state warning them that if they don t vote GOP on Election Day they will tattle on them to their neighbors and make life more difficult for them.According to the Daily Beast,The mailer shows a woman in a cold blue hue peeking through her blinds.  When the Democrats win the election and you didn t do your part  your neighbors will know,  it reads, in all caps.The back shows a map of houses, some tagged with red check marks in blue pinpoints. Do your part in this election,  it says.  After all, voting is a matter of public record. While whether you voted or not is a matter of public record, who or what party you voted for is not. Obtaining and using such information to threaten voters is election fraud and voter intimidation, both of which are federal crimes.18 U.S, Code 594 states,Whoever intimidates, threatens, coerces, or attempts to intimidate, threaten, or coerce, any other person for the purpose of interfering with the right of such other person to vote or to vote as he may choose  shall be fined under this title or imprisoned not more than one year, or both.And a spokesman for the New Mexico GOP admitted that the party sent out the flyer, thus admitting to committing a crime. But when further questioned about the flyer, W. Tucker Keene hung up on the The Daily Beast.While Donald Trump and his deplorable supporters continue to cry about election fraud, their own party is committing that very crime in New Mexico. The question is do they have a problem with that or do they only care about non-existent election fraud that Democrats are supposedly going to commit?Because not having a problem with real election fraud just because it is perpetrated by Republicans would make them hypocrites.By outing people who vote Democrat, the New Mexico GOP would be putting Americans in danger of being persecuted or worse just because they voted a certain way.Sending out a mailer with the intent to intimidate voters is illegal and the New Mexico GOP should be under investigation by the Department of Justice. This is an outrageous dirty tactic and there needs to be serious consequences.Featured Image: Daily Beast ",0
4166, Arizona Newspaper Just Gave Trump Fans A Lesson In Patriotism That Will Leave Them FUMING,"Trumpkins fancy themselves true American patriots, despite their lord and savior, Donald Trump, being the opposite of American patriotism. They re so secure in their not-patriotism that they threaten anyone who doesn t want to vote for Trump with violence, and death.Those anti-American threats have extended to newspapers like the Arizona Republic, which endorsed Hillary at the end of September. That endorsement represents the first time in the paper s 125-year history that they ve endorsed a Democrat.They started receiving death threats shortly after the first debate. Today, the paper s president put Trumpkins to shame by telling them what real patriotism looks like, and it looks nothing like Donald Trump. Free speech requires compassion.  The woman who answered the phone at the Republic s offices got to hear an angry caller wish doom on them, and invoke the name of one of the paper s reporters who was assassinated 40 years ago. She reported that caller to the authorities, but she also prayed for the caller, despite the threat. Free speech requires an open debate.  Nicole, the paper s editor in charge of the news staff, led her reporters to a Trump rally following their endorsement, knowing the jeers and harassment they would receive. Trumpkins had said the Republic would burn, should be shut down, etc., and still she did her job in covering both sides of the election. Free speech requires bravery.  Trumpkins also said that anyone with whom they disagree should be punished. The Republic s editorial page editor, Phil, who s a lifelong Republican, calmly denounced Trump, over and over, despite the escalating problems with Trump s fans. Free speech is part of a society that values hard work and opportunity.  This one should be obvious because Trump s fans allegedly value hard work above all. The young men and women who sell Republic subscriptions door-to-door were so frightened after getting spit on, bullied, and threatened with violence that they didn t want the paper to publish their first names. Yet, they still come to work and still go door-to-door. Free speech is sometimes the only way to hold the powerful accountable.  Trump fans called the paper s staff  hacks  and  losers.  It was an investigative reporter at the Republic who first broke the story about the horrid treatment veterans receive at the Phoenix VA. His work brought that out into the open, led to uncovering more scandals, and now, maybe real change can happen. Do Trump fans value vets? Not nearly enough. Do they know how to research? No. Free speech, and a free press, comes at a cost.  Trumpkins told the paper that one of their legacy publishers, Gene Pulliam, was spinning in his grave over their terrible transgression in endorsing a Democrat. Gene s wife, Nina, sat at the bedside of the reporter who was assassinated 40 years ago, and watched him die slowly for the crime of doing his job. Freedom of religion is a fragile and precious thing.  The Republic s current president, Mi-Ai Parrish, has a grandfather who is a Christian pastor. Trump fans who have deluded themselves into thinking they re Christian said Jesus would judge her, that she would burn in hell and that non-Christians should be kept out. She invoked her grandfather, who is an example of real Christian persecution. He and a friend were imprisoned and tortured for refusing to deny Christ.One of the biggest insults to Christians who suffer such persecution in the world is all the pseudo-Christians here who are crying about persecution because they can t force their religion down our throats. These people are sorry excuses for Christians on those grounds alone.The paper was also asked what right they had to endorse Hillary. Parrish has family that grew up under an oppressive dictator. Her mother had no right to free speech, no right to free press, no right to education, and no right to vote. The Trump fans would take all of that away from us just so they re more comfortable. One man can make a difference.  At its core, that is what America stands for. Jobe Couch, an Army cultural attach  living in Alabama, sponsored Parrish s aunts and mother when they came over from Korea. His generosity helped many immigrants, who are now citizens and earning their livings as teachers, engineers, pastors, lawyers, and more. The Trump fans who told the Republic s staff that they should go live with those immigrants they love so much, in the countries they come from, have forgotten what America is.What s the First Amendment all about? It s all about the above. Trumpkins have no clue what patriotism is   if they did, they d be appalled at anyone who behaved the way they and Trump himself do.To read the Arizona Republic s entire moving response, click here.Featured image by Zeb Micelli, Public Domain, via Wikimedia Commons",0
4167, WATCH: Jake Tapper FLATTENS Trump Supporter For Citing Child Pimp As Witness Against Groping Claims,"Using a pimp for pedophiles as a witness is something only a sleazy and desperate lawyer would do.But former NYC mayor and Trump supporter Rudy Giuliani did it anyway during an appearance on CNN to defend Donald Trump against accusations of sexual assault and Jake Tapper was quick to burn him for it.From the start, it was clear that Giuliani is a hypocrite because while he absolutely believes the women who have accused Bill Clinton of sexual misconduct, he refuses to believe the women who have come forward to say the the Republican nominee sexually assaulted them. So far, nine women made such claims about Trump. But Giuliani thinks they are all liars. Do you believe every one of these women is lying?  Tapper asked. No, I believe my friend Donald Trump when he tells me he didn t do it,  Giuliani replied.  I ve never seen him do anything like that. Well, of course you haven t, Rudy. You ve only been kissing Trump s ass since April. Trump has been groping women for decades as a private citizen.Giuliani then conceded that he hasn t investigated the women s claims but he attacked Jessica Leeds in particularly by bringing up an alleged witness to the alleged groping on an airplane in the 1980s. There is an independent witness who says it s not true,  Giuliani declared triumphantly.But a disgusted Tapper crushed Giuliani s attempt to defend Trump by pointing out that Anthony Gilberthorpe was a self-claimed pimp for pedophiles who delivered underage boys to British politicians, hardly a credible witness and certainly not the kind of witness an attorney worth their salt would want on the stand.Tapper then cornered Giuliani about his support of the women who have accused Bill Clinton of sexual misconduct, noting that Donald Trump has paraded these women around and continues to talk about sexual assault even as his surrogates complain that the media hasn t moved on to covering something else.Hypocritically, instead of answering Tapper, Giuliani did just that and complained about the media and insisted that they move on from focusing on the sexual assault allegations against Trump. In fact, Giuliani was so desperate to stop talking about the sexual assault allegations that he rambled on and on for the remainder of the interview about other stuff Trump has talked about.Here s the video via YouTube:Donald Trump should have to answer for these allegations all the way through Election Day and so should his supporters. These are serious accusations that have a lot of credibility considering Trump has openly bragged about groping women whenever he wants even if they don t want him to do so.And Trump has only made things more difficult for himself by bringing in Bill Clinton s accusers and trash talking the women who have come forward against him.Republicans have also made this more of a story by continuing to support Trump despite his comments and behavior.So really, the only one Giuliani should blame for the media circus surrounding Trump is Trump himself.But again, that would require Giuliani taking his lips off of Trump s ass first.Featured Image: Screenshot",0
4168, Trump FURIOUS After New Poll DEVASTATES His Campaign,"NBC News third post-leaked audio, post-second debate poll shows something quite shocking (but not really): Hillary Clinton is gaining an insurmountable lead over Donald Trump, with just three weeks left to go until election day.The new poll, conducted October 10 through the 13th, with 1,000 respondents, shows Clinton with an 11-point lead, 48 to 37 percent over Trump. Gary Johnson, the Libertarian candidate, has seven percent in support and Green Party candidate Jill Stein has 2 percent.In a head-to-head matchup, Clinton maintains a 10 point lead, 51-41, with 10 percent undecided.As NBC News put it:To put Clinton s current 11-point lead into perspective, Barack Obama beat John McCain by seven points nationally in 2008. And Obama s margin of victory over Mitt Romney in 2012 was four points.Both pollsters who coordinated with NBC News, Democrat Fred Yang and Republican Bill McInturff, both came to the conclusion that Trump does not have a chance of winning the presidency.One of the biggest contributing factors to Clinton s lead in her 20 point advantage with women (55-35 percent), her 60 point advantage with non-white voters (76-16 percent), and her gain among men in which she s behind by just three points, 48-45 percent.The poll als0 shows President Obama s approval rating at 53 percent, a positive for Clinton heading into the final stretch of the election.Now that the polls have shown a consistent lead for Clinton, Trump has no other way to legitimize his failing, pathetic campaign than to claim it s going to be  rigged  against them thanks to minority communities, dead people, a globalist conspiracy.Now that InfoWars has overtaken his campaign, the public has been turned off and are showing that they are ready for Hillary.Nate Silver s FiveThirtyEight currently gives Clinton an 86 percent chance of winning the election and Trump a 14 percent chance. This marks the 10th day that Clinton has been in the high 80s, the same place she was at after the Democratic National Convention.Trump has a lot of ground came to catch up on. Can he do it in three weeks? Who knows, but it s not looking good for him.Featured image via Justin Sullivan/Getty Images",0
4169, Alec Baldwin Didn’t Even Wait For Trump To Whine About SNL Before Smacking Him Around (VIDEO),"Alec Baldwin didn t even wait to taste Trump s salty yet delicious tears after his brilliant Saturday Night Live smackdown of the 2016 nominee. Baldwin perfectly captured the disaster that was Trump s performance during the second presidential debate, but the true magic happened on Twitter   no, we re not talking about the actor nonchalantly retweeting Trump s tantrum. We re talking about how he perfectly anticipated the meltdown and left a response before the show was even filmed.After the show aired, The Donald had a full-blown meltdown on Twitter (because where else?)   one Baldwin retweeted to make sure the world saw what a mess Trump is.While the world recognized how badass this was   Baldwin essentially firing a rocket launcher at Trump s stupid plane and walking away without so much as looking at the explosion   what many are missing is that he didn t even need to say a word. He already did that on Friday in anticipation of the 2016 GOP nominee s oh-so-predictable meltdown. Before Trump said a word, Baldwin had a response prepared:  Fuck your feelings.  He even used a photo of one of The Donald s  deplorables  to do it.It s disheartening that the GOP can t field someone who won t be baited into a full-blown tantrum by someone making a few jokes about him. But this is where we re at. Be sure to vote BLUE on November 8 (not November 28 as Trump told his  Deplorables  at a rally recently). This is probably the first time we ve had the literal life or death of our nation riding on an election.Featured image via Getty Images/Paul Hawthorn",0
4170, PATHETIC: Saturday Night Live Jokes Make Donald Trump Throw A HUGE Temper Tantrum,"Donald Trump has seen Saturday Night Live s cold open portrayal of him and it caused him to throw a hissy fit like a toddler.Alec Baldwin once again turned in a brilliant and hilarious performance as the Republican nominee during the second debate and it was so goo that Donald Trump took to Twitter to criticize the actor and whine about the sketch. Watched Saturday Night Live hit job on me,  Trump wrote before calling for the show to end and accusing the media of rigging the election against him.  Time to retire the boring and unfunny show. Alec Baldwin portrayal stinks. Media rigging election! Watched Saturday Night Live hit job on me.Time to retire the boring and unfunny show. Alec Baldwin portrayal stinks. Media rigging election!  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) October 16, 2016But he wasn t done. An hour after that tweet he continued bitching about the media and complained about his poll numbers among women in an all caps meltdown repeatedly accusing them of rigging the election.Polls close, but can you believe I lost large numbers of women voters based on made up events THAT NEVER HAPPENED. Media rigging election!  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) October 16, 2016Then he accused the media and the Clinton campaign of working together to rig the election.Election is being rigged by the media, in a coordinated effort with the Clinton campaign, by putting stories that never happened into news!  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) October 16, 2016It s so easy to make thin-skinned Donald Trump lose his sh*t that it only took a couple minute sketch on SNL to do it.That means Trump could easily be provoked by leaders of other nations, only he would have access to the military and nuclear weapons as president, not just Twitter.Clearly, Trump does not have the temperament necessary to be a world leader.And his continued claims that the election is being rigged is dangerous because his supporters are now seriously threatening bloody rebellion and even the assassination of Hillary Clinton if she beats him on Election Day. Trump is not only proving that he is unfit for the presidency, he is openly undermining our democracy.Featured Image: Ethan Miller/Getty Images",0
4171, Trump’s #1 Deplorable Has A Question For You Libtards (VIDEO),"Jim Stachowiak is a staunch Trump supporter who is just sick and tired of it all (though he probably couldn t name an actual problem the United States has) and wants to take his country back and make it great again just like The Donald says. Sure, Stachowiak (like his Fuhrer) hasn t traditionally bothered with facts, or the truth, or even so much as a rational thought   but he has been a foot soldier in the 2016 GOP nominee s war on decency for quite some time.Stachowiak regularly posts Facebook videos with him sharing his dumbass ideas with the world   like that we can  fight Islam  by killing  n*ggers,   patriots  like himself should assassinate Obama, and shooting black kids  in the backs  would somehow solve crime.Stachowiak has long been inviting mockery   long before he famously tried to organize an anti-Muslim rally to which no one showed up. Now he s inviting you to mock the living hell out of him by asking your opinion of his stupid anti-Obama shirt.Standing on the Bobby Jones Expressway in Georgia (not in traffic, though that might have made this video more entertaining), this Second Amendment-loving  deplorable  asked one simple question of his viewers: How do you like the shirt, people? Normally, Stachowiak is the star of the show, the dumbest deplorable in the basket. But his cameraman decided to steal his crown this time. A few minutes into their whatever this was, Mr. Cameraman yells:Rights are United States citizens  law. The government is wrong right now. In this day and age we need the man who will make it all better for us. The law and all his people in America. We re fighting for the cause. Everybody bring out their big gun, cause we bring them home boys.Anybody know that the f*ck he s saying? He continues:You think if you re a minority you gonna have rights when everything hits the fan and everybody gets to go to camps? No   the only ones that s gonna have rights is those that has something, has money, to make that they gum lick to bein  on the other side of that big ol  gate.Seriously? Anyone? Everyone s gonna see when that time comes,  Dipshit adds ominously (you know, if he knew what that word meant). You think Islam is just over there on the other side of the word, no   they are here,  he says, apparently having just learned that Islam is a religion and therefore a worldwide thing. Once the Muslims take over, Camera Guy says,  they re gonna chain us up in 10-foot-wall camps and slowly cut our heads off. We oppose all enemies both foreign and domestic,  Stachowiak says.  Your ass is ours people. Watch as much as you can stomach below:Featured image via screengrab",0
4172, Did Mike Pence Use The Police To Illegally Suppress The Vote Of Tens Of Thousands Of Black People In Indiana?,"Right in the middle of the nine thousand scandals swirling around Donald Trump comes one about his running mate, Mike Pence. As governor of Indiana, Pence oversaw everything from legalized discrimination to destroying the state s educational system, and there was even an attempt to destroy freedom of the press. Now, it s come out that he may have engaged in some voter suppression as well   particularly against Indiana s black voters.This is so much worse than the clearly fraudulent voter ID law. The Indiana State Police raided the offices of the Indiana Voter Registration Project (IVRP) in an alleged attempt to root out  voter fraud . IVRP didn t see it that way, and neither did advocacy groups. They saw it as a deliberate attempt to shut them down, slowing registration and nullifying thousands of registration applications for black people across the state. The whole  initiative,  if it can even be called that, started in nine counties, and then expanded to 56 counties shortly after this raid.The IVRP is based in Indianapolis, which has a higher black population than the rest of the state. Patriot Group USA, a progressive advocacy group, started running ads against Pence and the state after the raid. They and the IVRP say that more than 40,000 black Hoosiers may not be allowed to vote on Nov. 8.Besides that, employees were barred from filming the raid, and the police handcuffed a black employee and denied him his legal right to speak to an attorney.Black voters tend to vote Democratic, and almost every voter suppression tactics are aimed at harming Democratic voting. As longtime GOP consultant Carter Wrenn said, when he effectively threw his party and its suppression tactics to the wolves: Look, if African Americans voted overwhelmingly Republican, they would have kept early voting right where it was. He was speaking of North Carolina trying to end early voting, but this applies to most voter suppression tactics. Pence would know that   he s a conniving old white man who sees the black community as an electoral threat. If they can t register, they can t vote, and if they can t vote, his party is safer.It s so disgustingly simple it makes us want to put our fists through the walls.Of course, Pence s spokesperson called the allegations  false and absurd.  He said: In fact, the Indiana State Police has uncovered strong evidence of voter fraud by Patriot Majority USA. Among Governor Pence s top priorities is ensuring the integrity of the election and that every single Hoosier vote counts. He has full confidence in the Indiana State Police investigation to achieve this goal. Uh huh. Sure. The state police have found exactly ten irregularities so far, and they re mostly missing zip codes or other minor problems, according to Fusion. Ten, and those irregularities show anything but fraud.Pence ought to be ashamed of himself, but he s still Donald Trump s running mate so we all know he s incapable of shame.Featured image by Chip Somodevilla via Getty Images",0
4173," When You See A Trump Supporter Calling The Election ‘Rigged,’ This Is The PERFECT Reply","When you see a Trump supporter parroting his blatantly false talking point about the electoral process being  rigged,  just send them to istheelectionrigged.com.Recent polls have been disappointing for Trump and his followers, to say the least. In response they ve began to accuse the election of being rigged, but where is there proof? Because we have plenty of facts that say otherwise.The electoral process in America is thorough, to say the least. Thorough enough to earn the United States an 11/12 score on the electoral process from Freedom House, an independent, nonprofit organization that rates democratic institutions. You can find their reasoning through the link above.Voter fraud, for example, is virtually nonexistent. In 2014, a study showed that out of a billion ballots casted since 2000, there s only been 31 cases of voter fraud. So where s this fraud Trump is talking about? Oh, wait, it s just another one of his lies.The right-wing really screwed us over when they chose Trump as their candidate. He s brought nothing good to our country, ever. Donald Trump is a child, and what do children do when they don t get their way? They whine, saying it s unfair or try to blame it on someone else. There is no fraud going on in our election, Donald is just running out of excuses. He s a liar, just saying what people want to hear. His supporters are the type of people to follow blindly, never actually doing the research themselves   otherwise they wouldn t be his supporters. This is slightly worrisome, especially with recent talk of taking up arms against the corruption. Trump s rhetoric is undermining faith in United States democracy, with absolutely no evidence of fraud or wrongdoing. He s taking advantage of low information voters and, through his own narcissism and grand stupidity, may cause violence to break out when he inevitably loses (make sure to vote!).There s no proof of fraud or  rigging  in our electoral process, and there s been plenty to disprove it. Unfortunately, it s incredibly doubtful that this news will stop Trump and his supporters from angrily blaming the system for Trump s failure.",0
4174, Trump Supporters Threaten Bloody Rebellion And Assassination If They Lose On Election Day (DETAILS),"President Obama should put the National Guard and other military units on standby on Election Day.Because if Trump supporters don t get the results they want, they are going to try to kill Hillary Clinton and anyone else standing in the way of their party taking over the government.The Boston Globe attended a Donald Trump rally in Ohio last week and talked to several suppporters of the Republican nominee about what they will do if their candidate loses.To them, however, the only way Trump can lose is if their is election fraud, which Trump has already accused Hillary Clinton of committing.In Pennsylvania in August, Trump declared that the only way he can lose is if Hillary Clinton cheats, thus setting the stage for massive complaints of election fraud if Hillary wins the election on November 8th, even by a landslide.Trump has made his crowd of middle-aged white supporters very angry and very paranoid.Scott Webb is taking his command from Trump to watch polling places very seriously. Trump said to watch your precincts,  the 61-year-old said.  I m going to go, for sure. I ll look for well, it s called racial profiling. Mexicans. Syrians. People who can t speak American. I m going to go right up behind them. I ll do everything legally. I want to see if they are accountable. I m not going to do anything illegal. I m going to make them a little bit nervous. In other words, Webb is going to try to intimidate anyone who doesn t have the same skin color as he does because Trump supporters believe that only minorities commit voter fraud.65-year-old Jeannine Bell Smith is already predicting unprecedented amounts of voter fraud this election even though it is very rare in this country. We re going to have a lot of election fraud,  she said.  They are having illegals vote. In some states, you don t need voter registration to vote. We can t have that lying bitch in the White House. Judy Wright doesn t care if Hillary wins in a squeaker or by a landslide.  If Hillary wins, it s rigged,  she said.  All I know is our country is not going to be a country anymore. I ve heard people talk about a revolution. I ve heard people talk about separation of states. I don t even like to think about it. But I don t think this movement is going away. We don t have a voice anymore, and Donald Trump is giving us a voice. Indeed, many Trump supporters are ready to overthrow the government and assassinate Hillary Clinton if Trump doesn t win. That s what 50-year-old Dan Bowman told the Boston Globe in the scariest quote they obtained. If she s in office, I hope we can start a coup. She should be in prison or shot. That s how I feel about it. We re going to have a revolution and take them out of office if that s what it takes. There s going to be a lot of bloodshed. But that s what it s going to take I would do whatever I can for my country. Donald Trump and his supporter are the most dangerous threat against America and our democracy. Trump has already called for  Second Amendment people  to do something about Hillary Clinton if she wins and nominates Supreme Court Justices that conservatives don t approve of. He has also called for her to be imprisoned.And his fanatical supporters are starting to foam at the mouth at the thought to attempting to violently overthrow the government.Even Kentucky Governor Matt Bevin has called for a bloody revolt if Trump doesn t win.Trump supporters claim they are oppressed, but that s just because they aren t allowed to oppress black people, gays, and Muslims. They literally think they are being oppressed because they can t legally oppress others.The fact is that if any Trump supporters who attempt a coup will be guilty of treason and should pay major consequences for their actions. That being said, the federal government and law enforcement need to take these threats seriously. We cannot not tolerate such an attack on our democracy and the peaceful transition of power that has existed in this country since its founding. So no matter how many votes Trump loses by, even if it comes down to a few thousand, Trump s supporters need to accept that they lost fair and square.Featured Image: Screenshot",0
4175, Here’s The New Way Trump Is Scamming Republican Donors Who Give The GOP Money,"Donald Trump has claimed to be a billionaire who was willing to spend major dollars in order to secure the White House and remain independent. In reality, Trump has been stingy with his money and the evidence has mounted that he is worth far less than he claims   and he won t release his tax returns to prove otherwise.Now in the most recent filings, Trump again has been shown up as a liar, donating far less of his own money to the campaign even as Hillary Clinton began to increase her lead in nearly every national poll.Donald Trump cut his routine $2 million monthly check to his campaign last September after repeatedly suggesting that he would increase his donations during the campaign s stretch run.Trump s campaign, along with Republican joint fundraising committees, said it raised $100 million last month, more than it has in any previous month though well short of the $154 million Hillary Clinton s operation took in.The report also showed that unlike in other years, big pocketed Republican donors have not lined up to support the Trump campaign. In all likelihood they are seeing the writing on the wall and are staying away from a campaign circling the drain.Since freaking out over former Miss Universe Alicia Machado, the release of his sexual assault audio tape, and the stream of women now coming forward to allege that Trump molested them, his polling numbers have collapsed. Combined with Republican officials rescinding their support, Trump is now seen as with only about a 10 percent chance of winning the election according to most polling analysis.At the same time, Hillary Clinton has consolidated most of the Democratic Party base behind her, and has top-tier surrogates like President Obama, Michelle Obama, Joe Biden, Elizabeth Warren and Bernie Sanders campaigning on her behalf.Featured image via Flickr",0
4176, This Woman And Her Sign Show Us Everything You Need To Know About Trump’s Black Support (IMAGE),"Donald Trump, while pretending to reach out to minorities, has almost no minority support. That doesn t stop him from talking down to African-Americans and telling them that they live in conditions of dangerous squalor that only he can fix. Of course, that doesn t stop Trump from bragging about his  great relationship with the blacks. Well, perhaps the two people holding up the  Blacks for Trump  signs at an October 12th rally had the last name of Black, because they certainly didn t look African-American.Most noticed only the woman, and Twitter tore her and the fake black outreach of the Trump campaign apart.Note the blond woman with the  Blacks for Trump  sign. Okay. pic.twitter.com/LLLbblzba5  John Aravosis (@aravosis) October 12, 2016A white woman was just holding up a blacks for Trump sign at his rally. No honey you were supposed to grab the women for Trump sign. Smh  Plat Brat (@PlatBrat) October 12, 2016 I saw this live, 3 African American s stategically placedWhite woman holds  Blacks 4 #Trump  sign at Florida rally https://t.co/DrhYf0PxwC  Raging Bull NO TRUMP (@ACBadBeat) October 12, 2016Sorry we couldn t find one Black person to hold the  Blacks for Trump  sign #WorstWaysToApologize https://t.co/qrF14U8NPD  Raymond Li (@madbarrister) October 13, 2016My eye keeps coming back to this older white woman holding up a  Blacks for Trump  sign to Trump s left pic.twitter.com/lOdcjQ8wqy  Catherine Thompson (@KT_thomps) October 12, 2016Why is this white woman is holding a  Blacks for Trump  sign pic.twitter.com/VIirzH1wrY  Jake Ferguson (@Ferguson_27) October 12, 2016Trump supporters have defended the woman, saying everything from she picked up the wrong sign to  it s racist  to object to blaming Shaun King.Why is it okay for white man Shaun King to start #BlackLivesmatter but not for a white woman to hold a  Blacks for Trump  sign? #Hypocrite pic.twitter.com/5BpEFSFHVI  Deplorable Agentmom (@agentm0m) October 12, 2016White man @ShaunKing pretended 2b black & organized #BlackLivesMatter  but white woman holds sign ?https://t.co/pV6DvZsydJ via @cbsnews  Deplorable Cannoli!! (@ReRe_76804) October 13, 2016Um, Shaun King is bi-racial, just like the President who you hate because of his dark skin.Clearly, the problem is not with the woman. It s simply that the woman (and the man who for some reason is ignored) is the perfect symbol of Trump s African-American outreach. Trump is a white man who tells African-Americans how they should be feeling, while at the same time, having a deep history of racism. His black outreach is a farce and he knows it, so really, who better to carry a  Blacks for Trump  sign than a white woman?Featured image via Darren McCollester/Getty Images.",0
4177, Democracy Expert Tells Us EXACTLY How Republicans Screwed America By Accepting Trump,"We ve heard all kinds of reasons why people shouldn t vote for Trump, and why they shouldn t even have accepted Trump to begin with. Trump really should never have gotten this far in the election process, but his lack of sound policy, his racist, xenophobic hyper-nationalism and his misogyny are actually only part of the reason. The rest of the reason lies squarely on the skin that s as thick as a single layer of gauze.Voters  confidence in the democratic system is always shaken when their candidate loses, according to democracy expert Shaun Bowler. This is true even when the elections are known to be fair. Bowler says: Collectively, the responses show that when voters see their candidate lose, their regard for the system of government as a whole takes a hit. Even within an established democracy and after an election that was not especially controversial, we see weakening legitimacy of the system in the eyes of losers. Trump has made his thinking very clear: If he wins, the election was fair. If he loses, it was rigged from the start. He will undoubtedly shout that repeatedly at the end of Election Night instead of give a measured concession speech designed to reassure his supporters that democracy still works, and they ll still be in good hands. He ll do it every day afterwards until people stop listening, too.Trump is a very sore loser. He was a sore loser in the primaries, and now, with his entire campaign falling apart, he s spinning wild conspiracies about how everything happening is specifically designed to take him down.The problem lies in the unrest that could easily follow such a declaration after the votes are counted. His supporters are all in solid agreement with him that the polls are rigged, the press is bought and paid for, and the entire planet (except Russia, of course) has been set up to put the woman they call  Crooked Hillary  into office. We ve already seen people, like this sheriff, call for armed revolt if Trump loses, because of that paranoia.We ve seen other Trump supporters say that as well. In fact, Mike Pence (who would understand this much better than Trump or his average supporter, despite being evil in his own right) had to shut down a Trumpkin in L.A. who was calling for armed revolution: Our lives depend on this election. Our kids  futures depend on this election and I will tell you just for me, and I don t want this to happen but I will tell you for me personally if Hillary Clinton gets in, I myself, I m ready for a revolution because we can t have her in. Pence s reply was a quick,  Don t say that.  However, he still encouraged people to volunteer as poll watchers to be sure that no fraud happens.Three white men, who turned out to be Trump supporters, were arrested for planning to blow up a mosque and an apartment complex full of Somali refugees the day after Election Day.Other supporters are saying they re going to menace anyone who doesn t appear to be American at the polls: I ll look for . . . well, it s called racial profiling. Mexicans. Syrians. People who can t speak American. I m going to go right up behind them. I ll do everything legally. I want to see if they are accountable. I m not going to do anything illegal. I m going to make them a little bit nervous. There s no reason to believe that this stuff won t happen, because Trump is fueling it, rather than trying to quell it. In his story, Bowler points out what actually has happened in other countries where the people believed their elections were rigged: Remember, the lowered levels of regard for the system [in 2012] occurred in an election in which no candidate was crying foul. Crying foul widens the gap in opinions, undermining the support for and legitimacy of the system as a whole.We have seen this in recent elections in Mexico, Ukraine, and Georgia. The consequence has been popular unrest and disturbances. One could argue that several of those elections were, in fact,  dirty,  and so people were right to protest at an election being stolen. (Genuine corruption is another demonstrable way to undermine faith in democracy.) But problems come when the election was clean and yet the losing politician refuses to accept the result was arrived at fairly.  [emphasis mine]There s virtually no evidence that any of our elections have ever been rigged, with the possible exception of a few local elections through history. It s easier for these paranoid lunatics to believe in a vast conspiracy, though, than it is for them to face the truth that their candidate could easily lose in a fair election. The unrest that would follow, due to Trump s fueling such conspiracy nonsense, could be devastating for us. They will not accept evidence that doesn t support their point   it ll be part of  the conspiracy. Even the GOP is afraid of what Trump s  it s rigged! Rigged, I tell you!  rhetoric can do. Lindsey Graham said: I don t think leading candidates for the presidency should undercut the process unless you have a really good reason. Former Senator Kit Bondi, of Missouri, said something similar: Someone claiming in the election,  I was defrauded,  isn t going to cut it  They re going to have to say how, where, why, when. Trump won t, though. He ll just say he knows, because Hillary s crimes and Democratic enabling and corruption are well documented, and will expect that to be sufficient.Now Republicans are crying about mounting evidence that their candidate isn t just rude, crude, vile, and impossibly thick, but is also a sexual predator. They made their bed. If we end up with Trump in the White House, what he unleashes on the world will be on their heads. If we end up with civil unrest because of Trump s sour grapes after losing, it s likewise squarely on their heads.It ll be interesting to see how they try and wriggle out of responsibility for this.Featured image by Sarah Rice via Getty Images",0
4178, Trump Once Threatened ‘Apprentice’ Contenstant He’d Show His ‘Power Tool’ To Her (VIDEO),"After it was revealed in the leaked Access Hollywood tape that Donald Trump admitted to sexually assaulting women, many of these women have started to come forward.These stories are piling up every day, and of course, Trump is denying every single one. Even going so far as to call these women too ugly to sexually assault.Now, a former contestant of Trump s show  The Apprentice  is speaking out on MSNBC with yet another story of Trump s lewd behavior. She recalls hearing a story from another female contestant while they were both sequestered in housing after being  fired  from the show.Apparently, during an episode that featured the home repair store Home Depot, Trump told this contestant,  I ll show you my 9-inch power tool,  clearly insinuating that he wanted to show her his penis. A statement that seems to line up with several of the stories we ve been hearing lately.This threat of being forced into sexual behavior with Trump seems to be something that happened quite regularly if you were so unfortunate to be working around the Republican candidate.While this story is not confirmed, it s fitting with the profile we ve been hearing of late about Trump, even from his own story he shared on the Access Hollywood tape.He simply cannot be allowed anywhere near the White House.Watch the Apprentice contestant reveal that information here: I ll show you my 9-inch power tool.  Former Apprentice contestant was told Trump said this during a Home Depot task. @JoyAnnReid @amjoyshow pic.twitter.com/SGNr75WC1o  John Aravosis (@aravosis) October 15, 2016Featured Photo by Frazer Harrison/Getty Images",0
4179, Neil deGrasse Tyson And J.K. Rowling BURN Trump With Searing Joke On Twitter (TWEETS),"There is no getting away from Donald Trump, and he can t get away from his impossibly offensive attitude toward women. He s a sexual predator that has no problem asking men on  The Apprentice  to rate women based on their physical attributes, and talked freely about their breast size and whether he d consider sleeping with them. That doesn t even touch his being proud of sexually assaulting women.Aside from that, this election cycle has brought out a certain type of antagonism and uncertainty about both candidates, particularly over their leadership styles and abilities. Neil deGrasse Tyson sort of spoke to that when he asked the following question:If a Space Alien landed in the USA & requested:  Take me to your leader , I wonder how Pres Trump would react vs Pres Clinton  Neil deGrasse Tyson (@neiltyson) October 14, 2016He probably didn t expect J.K. Rowling, the famous author of the Harry Potter series, to respond at all, let alone with the following burn:Afraid we need to know whether the alien has breasts before we can answer. https://t.co/xHE9K5F7xt  J.K. Rowling (@jk_rowling) October 14, 2016We don t care who you are, that s funny right there. Why? Because it s not only one of the biggest torches one can take to the catastrophe that is The Donald, but also because it keeps the fact that he s a danger to women and girls in the spotlight in a very mocking way.And, as we all know here, mocking King Cheeto is the only real way to deal with him on the internet.As another sign of how dangerous he is for women, he s busy calling all the women who ve accused him of sexual assault of being liars and seeking fame. He also asked one of his crowds why women aren t coming forward about President Obama, since obviously, if they ll lie for the sole purpose of smearing him, they should also be willing to lie to smear people he hates. In fact, they probably ought to be more willing, since he s absolutely amazing and everyone he hates is the scum of the Earth.Some others answered Tyson s question in a salty way, too:@neiltyson Grope them?  Zachary Shrier (@zshrier) October 14, 2016@neiltyson Depends if they appeared to be female. Trump strokes his ego with abuses  KimberlySAustralia (@kimsmit08234204) October 14, 2016@neiltyson @realDonaldTrump will ask  do they have genetalia I can grab.  Chuck Nice (@chucknicecomic) October 14, 2016And then there are these, which poke fun at Trump s, ahem, policy positions, among other things:@neiltyson Would Trump fund the building of a Dyson Sphere to keep  em out, or try to make aliens pay for it?  Freddy-Kruger Effect (@Jayextee) October 14, 2016@neiltyson he d have the best space aliens. His space aliens are going to be so great, my god, you won t even believe it.  Jessica Hellis (@baddestmamajama) October 14, 2016@neiltyson Trump would immediately have a wall built around the alien and not pay the mason.  Tom (@TommieWho) October 14, 2016Tyson may have started a tiny shitstorm with this, but it s funny. In the end, though, the answer to the Trump part of his question is this: Trump would very quietly let the aliens take us over through our computer systems, and conspire with them to take down all his enemies, including the Clintons.Then, when the questions and investigations reached their fever peak and everyone was clamoring to know what was going on, and he went on television to explain and reassure the public that he wasn t responsible for the chaos, he d look straight into the eyes of all of America, whip off his invisible glasses and say,  Aliens. Featured image by David Cheskin-Pool via Getty Images",0
4180, BREAKING: Sheriff Calls For REBELLION After Donald Trump Calls Election ‘Rigged’ (VIDEO),"As Donald Trump s poll numbers drop, he continues to blame it on some vast conspiracy, saying that the election is being rigged. In response, Milwaukee County Sheriff David Clarke wants civilians to take up  pitchforks and torches,  presumably in armed insurrection. He s not the first Trump supporter to make similar statements, and he won t be the last.Donald Trump is losing support, and will blame it on whatever he can to make himself look better. He s now referring to the election as  one big ugly lie,  and endangering the democratic process that defines our success as a nation.Here s the video, via HuffPo:Sheriff Clarke has previously said the Black Lives Matter and Occupy movements are anarchy, yet still tweets about taking up arms against the  corruption  in the federal government. He tweeted at 11:30 A.M. Saturday morning:  It s incredible that our institutions of gov, WH, Congress, DOJ, and big media are corrupt & all we do is bitch. Pitchforks and torches time . Trump has been known to encourage violence at his rallies and will likely continue to encourage behavior like this, escalating as we approach the election. Here are some examples from his Twitter account:As the election closes in, Trump is panicking and doing whatever he can to stay afloat. In the end, he is just going to embarrass himself more and more. If and when his rhetoric results in actual violence, he needs to be held accountable for the part he has played.Featured image via video screenshot",0
4181, Trump Fans Are Asked About ‘P*ssy Grabbing’ Remarks And It Gets REALLY Bad (VIDEO),"Donald Trump s lewd and predatory remarks about women is causing him to lose support with Republicans but his conservative followers just don t care. What s really alarming about this is that we even have to have a discussion to explain that sexual assault is a bad thing.The Daily Show s Jordan Klepper just confirmed that when visiting a Trump rally in Pennsylvania to get his supporters  take on the reality-show-star-turned-GOP-presidential-candidate s  Grab them by the pussy  comments.Klepper asked if Trump had finally crossed the line. One supporter said,  You know what? So what if he wants to grab pussy. I want to grab pussy. I wish I could grab pussy as much as he is. Klepper wondered how they felt about the candidate casually talking about sexual assault. One supporter said it was  just locker room talk. What do you mean?,  Klepper asked.  Guys in a bar talk that way when they see a pretty girl,  the man answered.One female Trump supporter said she s  heard worse. Another woman said,  It s locker room talk. That s what boys do.  It s worth noting here that Trump was not a boy when he made those remarks. He was 60 years old.Klepper told her,  I don t talk like that  then asked her if she has children.  I do,  the woman said. When asked if her children talk like that, she said no.  So not those boys,  Klepper said.  Do you have a husband?  he asked the woman. She said she is married.  Does he talk like that?  he asked.  No,  she said.  So not that boy,  he said.Klepper asked a young man if he uses that language and he said he did not. He asked whether his father talks like that and the young Trump supporter said no.  So who talks like that?  he asked of the man.  Well obviously Donald Trump,  he said.A couple was approached and asked the same question. As it happens, no one with any sense of decency talks like that but every Trump supporter excused their candidate s behavior.One man said,  Grab it while you can, Trump. When asked if there s anything the GOP presidential candidate could say that would make them not vote for him, one man said no while a woman said  No matter what he says, I will vote for Donald Trump. One was was asked if Trump said the n-word, would she still vote for him. She said that she would.One man said he  spoke to a lot of women  at the rally and half of them would  love to have their pussies snatched by Trump. One man s sexual assault,  he said  is another man s flirtation. Here s the video:These are actual voters. Be sure to grab them by the ballots on election day. Trump has emboldened the very worst in our society.Featured image via screen capture",0
4182," Donald Trump Goes On INSANE Coke-Fueled Rant At Rally, Practically Tries To Incite Civil War (VIDEO)","In what may mark the absolute low point of this election, Donald Trump finally showed America what he meant when he promised the  shackles  were off. At a rally in New Hampshire   a state he is losing by five points   Trump told the gathered a mob of supporters vibrating with anger that the election was about to be stolen from them and Clinton will have no legitimacy as president. This is, in all of American history, unheard of. And things only got uglier from there.But let s back up.Near the beginning of Trump s spittle-laden rant, he once again claimed that he won the 2nd presidential debate and   without a hint of irony   also noted that the only reason Clinton won was that she was pumped full of drugs. As usual, Trump offered zero proof for this astonishing allegation. Athletes, they make them take a drug test, right. I think we should take a drug test prior to the debate,  Trump said. Why don t we do that? We should take a drug test, prior, because I don t know what s going on with her, but at the beginning of her last debate, she was all pumped up at the beginning, and at the end it was like,  Oh, take me down,   He then claimed Clinton could barely walk afterwards   again, something that bears absolutely no relationship to reality.Trump:  I think we should take a drug test prior to the debate because I don t know what s going on with her  pic.twitter.com/yYKy8VfmP5  Colin Jones (@colinjones) October 15, 2016Trump has long been noted for his uncanny ability to project his own character flaws onto his opponents. Trump, a known liar, calls people liars. Trump, an unstable narcissist, says others don t have a good temperament. Trump, a crook, will gladly accuse others of being crooked. And now, the man who spent the last two debates audibly sniffing into his microphone like a coke fiend has said Hillary Clinton was doping. The mind boggles.But Trump s speech went from the absurd to the dangerous when he began reinforcing the idea that Hillary Clinton and  the media  are stealing the election. Off-script and without prompting, Trump announced that Clinton should be in jail. Chants of  lock her up  followed swiftly.Trump says Clinton  should be in jail  & crowd responds with  Lock her up!  #nhpolitics pic.twitter.com/oT9sXnk7DK  David Bienick (@BienickWCVB) October 15, 2016He also turned up the volume on his accusations that Clinton would destroy the country.Hillary Clinton is ""plotting to destroy the sovereignty of this country,"" Trump says. Now crowd chants ""President Trump.""  Katy Tur (@KatyTurNBC) October 15, 2016This would be shameful behavior on any day, but Trump says these things on the very same day a damning report came out in the Boston Globe that passed along conversations with Trump supporters in which they openly admitted to plotting civil war after the election. One man proudly boasts of planning to  racially profile  Hispanics, Syrians and  people who can t speak American  as they head to the polls.Meanwhile, Trump s real chances of winning continue to nose-dive. His base loves him. America hates him. It s a situation that will only serve as a tinderbox when he loses and his fans, duped into thinking he had a shot, refuse to accept that reality was a lot different than the bubble of a New Hampshire Trump rally.This is a scary time for American democracy.Featured image via Darren McCollester/Getty Images",0
4183, WATCH: Tom Hanks Uses This Perfect Analogy To WRECK Trump,"Tom Hanks is definitely voting for Hillary Clinton and he perfectly explained why earlier this week.During an interview with the Press Association to promote his latest film, Hanks was asked about Donald Trump and his remarks about sexually assaulting women. He was at work, man,  Hanks began.  He wasn t in a locker room. He was at work. He was showing up to do a thing on camera. Look  I m offended as a man. I m not offended as a husband or a father. I m offended as a guy. That s just not right, I m sorry. It s not right at work, it s not right in the locker room. It s wrong, period. The end. That s all. Hanks also talk about why he is voting for Hillary Clinton by comparing this election to a root canal. It s kind of like if you have a horrible, painful tooth, and you need a root canal. Who are you going to see? A guy who says,  Oh, I think I can figure that out, how to do a root canal for you. Lay down.  Or are you going to see somebody who s done 6,000 of them. Has a degree on the wall and has a great history and expertise when it comes down to it. Here s the video of via YouTube:[ad3media campaign= 1153 ]But Hanks also put it another way after referring to Trump as a  self-involved gas bag. Look, if I have an abscessed tooth, and I need to see an oral surgeon, I m not going to go to the guy who says,  you know what, I think I can be a pretty good oral surgeon,  I m going to go to someone who has been doing it for 30 years and has handled it a million times. I am voting for Hillary Clinton because she is wildly, wildly qualified to be president of the United States at the same time with dealing after one damn thing after the other that the world has handed her. When asked what will happen if Donald Trump becomes president, Hanks said it would be a  dark day for the planet Earth. Here s the video via YouTube:[ad3media campaign= 1154 ]Either way, Donald Trump is not the candidate most qualified to be president.Featured image via screenshot",0
4184, Watch Bill Maher Absolutely WRECK Red State Voters For Putting Party Over Humanity (VIDEO),"Bill Maher laid into red state voters on Friday night for sacrificing whatever humanity they had left to continue supporting Donald Trump.The Republican nominee s comments about groping women, the multiple allegations of sexual assault, and the new revelations that Trump hit on teen girls and even walked in on Miss Teen USA contestants while they were naked are still not enough to convince his supporters to dump him.But even if Republicans get rid of Trump, Maher wondered if they can ever rid their party of Trumpism.Writer Rebecca Traister said  no  because the GOP is  built on it.  She then explained that Trump s voters represent the kind of people who have been working to oppress women and minorities for over a century and that the Republican Party has allowed Trump s deplorables to gain a major foothold on the party. The fact is, Republican voters who knew they were going to be facing Hillary Clinton, who hate Barack Obama, who object to the people who vote for Democrats, people of color and women, selected a candidate who embodies the racism and sexism that are the very forces that kept people of color and women disenfranchised for centuries and away from the White House until now. They picked him. Indeed, they chose Trump to be their leader and now Republicans leaders are kicking themselves for doing it because they are losing control of their party to the base, which is bad if the GOP ever wants to win a general election again.Former Nebraska Senator Bob Kerrey said that we need to appeal to Trump supporters to call out Trump s behavior and comments toward women, saying that there are good people who are voting for Trump. But Maher doubted that Trump s voters have any humanity left to give damn. When I look at the electoral map, I see states that Trump apparently cannot possibly lose,  Maher pointed out. The pink are likely Republican and the red are, like he said,  I could shoot somebody in the middle of 5th Avenue and they wouldn t leave me.  The people of Idaho, Wyoming, Arkansas, Oklahoma, West Virginia, Kentucky   I know they re Republican mostly, but they re human, right? These are human beings. What the f*ck does it take, in this country, to have being a human being supersede being a Republican? Here s the video via YouTube:At this point, if red state voters haven t seen the error of their ways they aren t going to do so by Election Day. They will vote for Trump, thus proving that they are nothing more than hateful uneducated sexist racist assholes who care more about watching the country burn than they do about making sure our great nation continues to strive on towards a better future. They don t care about America. They are not patriots. They are selfish people who surrendered their humanity a long time ago. They have turned into mere drones for the Republican Party. Even if the party had nominated Hitler for president these people would stand in line to shake his hand and then vote for him no matter the horrible things he has done. That s because even though these people claim to be  Christians,  the truth is that they sold their souls to the devil and the devil is apparently collecting on November 8th, which means it s up to the rest of us to make sure he loses.Featured image via screenshot",0
4185, Conservative Women Get Positively VICIOUS Explaining Why They WANT A President Trump (TWEETS),"Given how vile Trump s treatment of women is, it s an absolute wonder that any woman at all can tolerate voting for him. Yet, there are women all over Twitter who not only can vote for him, but will do it enthusiastically. Do they know something that women on the left don t? Sadly, it doesn t seem so. In fact, they seem impossibly ignorant about issues that directly affect them.The hashtag, #WomenWhoVoteTrump, seems to be a bit of a counter to #WhyWomenDontReport, in which women bared the pain of their harassment and assaults to the whole world. Misogynists worked their asses off shaming those women, too. #WomenWhoVoteTrump, however, seems to be nothing but attacks on Hillary and shaming victims of sexual assault. These aren t just impossibly tone-deaf, they re outright cruel.#womenwhovotetrump Know how to say no when it needs to be said. pic.twitter.com/DvMUCZbO31  jon amous (@staggerlee420) October 15, 2016I guess #womenwhovotetrump don t want to be slave to the government and brainwashed by the lying media. pic.twitter.com/QtTbk9onE0  jon amous (@staggerlee420) October 15, 2016Notice the emphasis on the word  man  below? This woman seems to believe that being president is a man s job:#WomenWhoVoteTrump want a safe future 4 their families! Strong border, job & financial security & a MAN willing 2 take on the establishment!  Deplorable Me??  (@chrgdup1973) October 14, 2016#WomenWhoVoteTrump understand a 550% increase of muslim #rapefugees is far more of a threat to them than an 11 year old video tape.  Rapefugee Watch (@RapefugeeWatch) October 14, 2016#WomenWhoVoteTrump don t need to constantly play the victim and claim that society is against them. We self empower. #Trump2016  DEPLORABLE DANI (@NimbleNavgater) October 14, 2016#WomenWhoVoteTrump aren t weak, perpetual victims like those on the left.  andieiam (@andieiamwhoiam) October 14, 2016#WomenWhoVoteTrump are sexier  marisa leocadi (@marisaaleocadi) October 15, 2016So all women s experiences are like this woman s, apparently:Because you DON T wait 37yrs to go after a Man who sexually assaulted you. I know, I am a Victim.#WomenWhoVoteTrump @realDonaldTrump  Leslie (@Leslie91780) October 15, 2016#WomenWhoVoteTrump are the most educated on the issues & refuse 2 vote 4 a Woman simply because she s a Woman. Jobs, Security, Fair Trade.  Susan (@MsSusanFerguson) October 14, 2016The funny thing about it is that most of the women tweeting under that hashtag can only talk about how much they hate Hillary. Very few have actually given an explanation of what makes Trump so good. They re sufferers of Hillary Derangement Syndrome, and have no idea what could happen to them under a President Trump:In other words, just going to work and getting through the day could suddenly become much more difficult if Trump is elected, simply because the president sets a major example for the rest of the country.We won t stoop to calling these women stupid. Rather, they re badly misinformed and unable to see that they re misinformed. By voting for Trump out of hatred for Hillary, they re trying to open a Pandora s box from which women might take decades to recover.Featured image via Joe Raedle/Getty Images",0
4186, WATCH: Fox News Host Dana Perino Is DONE Defending Republicans,"Fox News host Dana Perino is finally so sick and tired of Republicans supporting Donald Trump despite all of the sexual assault allegations that she will no longer defend them.During Friday s edition of The Five, host and former George W. Bush press secretary Dana Perino slammed Donald Trump for  talking about all of his accusers  and insulting them instead of focusing on attacking Hillary Clinton.Perino is also furious that Republicans are still defending Trump s predatory behavior. The Republicans that are defending this are really irritating me,  she said.  I ve been like Mount Vesuvius all day. Perino then specifically named Ben Carson and Jeff Sessions as just two of the many Republicans who remain on board the Trump train despite the Republican nominee s comments about groping women and the various allegations made against him by multiple women and the many past statements he has made that are now coming back to haunt him.And after Juan Williams joked that someone is going to call for cutting her mic, Perino took a serious tone, looked straight into the camera and while slicing the air with her hand told Republicans that she is  done  defending them. Yeah, because women should be seen and not heard, apparently. After 20 years of defending these guys, done. Here s the video via YouTube.Perino is not the only Republican woman who has stopped defending Republicans due to their refusal to unendorse Trump.Wisconsin GOP activist Marybeth Glenn quit the party entirely in a series of posts on Twitter blasting Republicans for being cowards and legitimizing charges that conservatives are sexists after she defended them for years. He (Trump) treats women like dogs, and you go against everything I   and other female conservatives   said you were & back down like cowards,  she wrote.  I m sooo done. If you can t stand up for women & unendorse this piece of human garbage, you deserve every charge of sexism thrown at you. Now Perino just became the first Republican woman on Fox News to say she is done defending the GOP.In their refusal to withdraw their support from Trump, the Republican Party is destroying themselves by offending women across the country and now it is costing them allies in states and in the media. This is something that may take generations for the party to recover from. Of course, that s assuming they actually learn anything from the mess they made this year.Featured image via screenshot",0
4187, Law & Order: SVU To Air Episode Based On Donald Trump Child Sex Abuse Case,"We were all waiting for this. Law & Order: SVU has announced that they will be doing an episode based on Donald Trump s child rape case   and it will air before the election.The NBC show has often made episodes that are  ripped from the headlines,  and now they will take on Trump s alleged rape of 13-year-old girl. The episode, titled  Unstoppable,  will feature a Trump-like character who will be played by Gary Cole ( Veep ). Variety described this character as a  wealthy and boorish man who makes a run for the White House. The storyline of the episode was inspired by the lawsuit filed by a woman, known only as  Jane Doe,  who has accused Donald Trump of raping her at the home of known child abuser Jeffery Epstein in the mid-1990s when she was only 13. A hearing on the case, which names both Trump and Epstein as defendants in the suit, is scheduled for December 16 in a New York court.According to Variety, the episode, which was  penned by SVU veteran Julie Martin and showrunner Rick Eid, has been highly scrutinized internally at Wolf Entertainment, home of SVU, and by NBC brass.  Originally, the episode was set to be aired Oct. 12 and was then pushed back to Nov. 9, the day after election day. But NBC has now confirmed that the show will now air on Oct. 26, before the Nov. 8 election.NBC has been dead smack in the middle of Trump s  Pussygate  controversy. Audio tapes were released from a 2005 Access Hollywood segment that featured the billionaire bragging about his ability to sexually assault women thanks to his celebrity status. The GOP nominee s poll numbers have plummeted since the release of the tape, in which he said being  a star  made it permissible for him to  grab em [women] by the pussy.  Dozens of Republican leaders and members of congress have dropped him like a hot potato as well.Trump and NBC have quite a history. His shows, The Apprentice and Celebrity Apprentice, ran on the network for more than a decade. NBCUniversal also co-owned the Miss Universe beauty pageant franchise with Trump up until just last year.With evidence that Trump is a sexual predator continuing to pile up, it was only a matter of time before SVU picked up the story. I guess Donald Trump really is the Law & Order candidate after all.Featured image via Ty Wright/Getty Images",0
4188, Trump Just Got One Of His Victims’ RELATIVES To Stab Her In The Back And Twist,"Donald Trump s damage control regarding his penchant for sexually assaulting women is reaching ever-darker corners of evilness. One of his accusers, Summer Zervos, who was a contestant on  The Apprentice  in 2006, and is a restaurant owner, is now being called a vindictive liar for coming forward about her experience with Trump.By her own first cousin, John Barry.According to Zervos, Trump got very physical with her: He put me in an embrace and I tried to push him away. I pushed his chest to put space between us and I said,  Come on man, get real.  He repeated my words back to me,  Get real,  as he began thrusting his genitals. Trump, of course, denies this and has dug up Barry to issue a statement that is absolutely vile   and is just another reason why so many of his victims stayed silent. This is Barry s full statement: I am completely shocked and bewildered by my cousin, Summer Zervos, and her press conference today. Ever since she was on The Apprentice she has had nothing but glowing things to say about Mr. Trump. For almost a decade, my cousin would talk about how much she looked up to Mr. Trump and viewed him as an inspiration   a success story she wanted to copy. Summer would also talk about how kind and caring Mr. Trump was on the show, and how he would even visit children in hospitals without telling the press. She has praised the good things he s done for her life, and in fact she converted her friends and our family to become Trump supporters even though we ve never been active in politics before.That was until Summer invited Mr. Trump to her restaurant during the primary and he said no. I think Summer wishes she could still be on reality TV, and in an effort to get that back she s saying all of these negative things about Mr. Trump. That s not how she talked about him before. I can only imagine that Summer s actions today are nothing more than an attempt to regain the spotlight at Mr. Trump s expense, and I don t think it reflects well. In a nutshell, Barry alleges that Zervos praised Trump and spoke glowingly of him for years, which obviously means she s lying now. The fact that Trump turned down an invitation of hers just further proves that she s out for revenge, and was never assaulted.There s even an email below Barry s statement that must, obviously, be rock-solid proof that Zervos is lying through her teeth.Right.Because that s always the way it goes. It doesn t even occur to Barry or anyone who believes him that she might have behaved that way out of fear that Trump would ruin her if she did anything. Trump is rich, powerful, impossibly vengeful, and has resources she can t even begin to dream of.In fact, fear of retaliation is one of the primary reasons sexual assault victims stay silent. Does anybody really believe that she could take on a man like Donald Trump, and actually come out of it in one piece? Other than misogynistic jerkwads who think women are to blame for rape culture because they stay silent?Trump and his brainwashed puddles of rotting pig vomit believe that all of this is just too coincidental   that all these women are ganging up on him specifically to derail his campaign. He s creating bizarre theories of a global conspiracy against him, orchestrated by the Clintons, and carried out by multiple institutions with whom he has a gripe.The truth is that he s a sad, paranoid, disgusting excuse of a pig who preys on women because he thinks they re only around to help him get his rocks off.Photo of Summer Zervos by Frederick M. Brown, photo of Donald Trump by Brian Blanco, via Getty Images.",0
4189, BREAKING: Trump Supporters Busted By FBI For Plotting MASSIVE Terrorist Attack,"The FBI thwarted an act of domestic terrorism on Friday when they arrested three white men for plotting to blow up an apartment complex in Kansas.Curtis Allen, Gavin Wright, and Patrick Stein were all taken into custody after an investigation that took eight months busted the trio for planning a massive terrorist attack in Garden City.Their target was an apartment complex and a mosque that serviced 120 Somali refugees.According to KWCH, United States Attorney Tom Beall said  the men stockpiled a large cache of firearms, and ammunition. Beall said the men planned to park vehicles full of explosives at all four corners of the Garden City apartment complex. The men said they wanted to  wake people up .Beall said the men wrote a manifesto, which they wanted published after the bombing.According to an affidavit, the were a part of a group called the Kansas Security Force and the Crusaders. These are militia groups whose members support and espouse sovereign citizen, anti-government, anti-Muslim, and anti-immigrant extremist beliefs,  read the affidavit.The three men had planned to carry out the attack on November 9th, one day after Election Day.And as it turns out, Curtis Allen is a supporter of Donald Trump and his Facebook page is full of anti-Muslim rhetoric. I personally back Donald Trump,  an unhinged Allen wrote in a post ranting about how Hillary Clinton is supposedly going to put Americans in FEMA camps and take all guns away.Allen was also particularly paranoid about Muslims. Here is just a sampling of his posts.Clearly, this guy hates Muslims, and his hate and paranoia was only perpetuated by Republican nominee Donald Trump.Trump has built his campaign on bashing Muslims, especially Muslim refugees. So Allen decided to join with two other guys in an effort to kill Muslims. Whether the other two are Trump supporters as well is not known, but this is how dangerous Donald Trump has become in our country. He is making right-wing nut jobs blood thirsty and paranoid enough to commit acts of domestic terrorism.Featured Image: Spencer Platt/Getty Images",0
4190," Billionaire Richard Branson Breaks Silence About Trump, Exposes Truth About His ‘Temperament’ (TWEETS)","Up until this point, Mark Cuban has been one of the most outspoken billionaires going after Trump and begging America to vote for Hillary Clinton in November. Today, it seems like another business mogul is ready to join Cuban s cause and tell America to wake the hell up.Billionaire entrepreneur Richard Branson, the founder of Virgin Group, has finally spoken out against Trump and has done so via a brutal statement on his company s website. His statement opened with something that most of us   especially Cuban   could agree with. Branson said: I want an entrepreneur to become president one day   just not Donald Trump. In railing against the disgraced GOP candidate, Branson didn t hold back in telling Americans that Trump is such a horrendous excuse for a candidate, that many of Branson s conservative wealthy colleagues cannot even bring themselves to vote for him, even though they may have voted Republican religiously in the past. Branson said: Quite a few of my American friends, especially some very successful entrepreneurs, are registered Republicans. They have told me they are unable to vote for Donald Trump due to his extreme views, and his shocking ignorance of policy. Branson continued to trash Trump while showering his opponent in compliments, stating that Clinton is a safe pair of hands and a leader of supreme experience and knowhow. TwitterThen, Branson got real on Trump s temperament, because apparently some people need to be reminded over and over again how dangerous it is to have a ticking time bomb with the maturity of a three-year-old in the White House: On the other hand, Mr Trump s temperament is irrational, aggressive and he lacks informed ideas on how to grow jobs in America. An entrepreneur president would put that at the heart of his plans and yet his fear-based campaign blames immigrants and open borders. America was built upon a collective embracing of diversity and openness   not division and close-mindedness. There are too many examples of Mr Trump s lack of empathy and respect to name. I agree with many on both sides of America s political aisle that he is unfit for office. TwitterBranson concluded by urging Americans to  make sure you vote for your future  and not be misled by uninformed, inflammatory remarks. Featured image via Ty Wright and Mike Coppola / Getty Images",0
4191, Trump Gets His A** Handed To Him By Marlee Matlin For Calling Deaf People ‘Retarded’,"Marlee Matlin may have had no comment on Thursday when it was revealed that Donald Trump called her  retarded  because she is deaf, but she destroyed him on Friday for it. Recent media reports have circulated that Donald Trump allegedly referred to me as  retarded,  the AcademyAward-winning actress wrote on Twitter.  The term is abhorrent and should never be used. The fact that we are talking about this during a very important moment in U.S. history has upset me deeply. Trump used the term during Matlin s stint on Celebrity Apprentice back in 2011. During filming on the  boardroom  set, the Republican nominee wrote down a question on a piece of paper asking if Matlin is  retarded.  He also often mocked her voice and insulted her face to face and behind her back.Matlin continued her condemnation of Trump by pointing out that there are millions of Americans who are hearing impaired and said she plans to use her voice to vote against him in November. I am Deaf. There are millions of Deaf and hard of hearing people like me, in the United States and around the world who face discrimination and misunderstanding like this on a daily basis. It is unacceptable. So what s my response? It s not about insults or taking each other down. As a person who is Deaf, as a woman, as a mom, as a wife, as an actor, I have a voice. And I m using that voice to make myself heard and vote. My response to recent media reports   Marlee. pic.twitter.com/Mkrbh47dUO  Marlee Matlin (@MarleeMatlin) October 14, 2016Donald Trump has alienated just about everyone in America except racist white guys and he should pay the price for that on Election Day. There is no excuse for Trump s behavior. He is simply a despicable human being who should not be allowed anywhere near the White House. He owes Marlee Matlin and the rest of America a sincere public apology.Featured Image: Wikimedia",0
4192, Bernie Sanders Just Crashed This Greedy Drug Company’s Stock With One Tweet,"It appears that former Democratic presidential candidate and U.S. Senator Bernie Sanders has tanked a drug company s stock with just one tweet. The tweet was directed towards Ariad Pharmaceuticals. Ariad owns a treatment for chronic myeloid leukemia calledIclusig . Ariad has raised the price of the drug four times in recent history.The last time the raised the price of the drug, it went up 27 percent at a cost of $16,560 dollars a month, or nearly $199,000 a year. The price hike doubled Ariad s sales totals up to $65 million dollars in just one quarter.The tweet that was sent out said: Drug corporations  greed is unbelievable. Ariad has raised the price of a leukemia drug to almost $199,000 a year. Drug corporations' greed is unbelievable. Ariad has raised the price of a leukemia drug to almost $199,000 a year. https://t.co/EB4nEPxP2G  Bernie Sanders (@SenSanders) October 14, 2016The tweet also included a link to an article about the company s continual price increases.Bloomberg reports that after Sanders (or most likely one of his staffers) sent out the tweet, Ariad s stock value dropped by as much as 15 percent   one of the worst days the company has had in more than a year.At of the time this writing, the tweet doesn t appear to have gone viral compared to many of the Senator s other social media postings, with only 1.1k retweets and 1.5k likes. Though that may change as more attention to the story and Sanders  help in making the issue be known grows. Much in the same way that Democratic presidential candidate Hillary Clinton s tweet sent stocks crashing in the biotech industry after she spoke out against price gouging.Price-gouging in the pharmaceutical industry is a hot button issue. From Martin  Pharma bro  Shkreli and his raising the price of a certain AIDS medication made by Turing Pharmaceuticals, to Mylan s jacking the price up of EpiPens, people have raised the digital equivalents of torches and pitchforks over these price increases.It s important to keep in mind that this is a problem that is industry wide. One study found that prescription drug prices have been skyrocketing for more than five years. While drug companies that take part in the practice need to be called out and have the screws put on them by the public, the only way this problem is going to end is when people stand up and demand real change in the healthcare industry as a whole. That will probably mean switching to a national health care system   like every other developed nation on the planet.Featured image from Alex Wong/Getty Images with tweet screenshot added",0
4193, Absolutely DEPLORABLE Audio Shows Trump Jr. To Be Just As Disgusting Toward Women As His Dad,"The apple never falls far from the tree, and Trump s kids do everything they can to prove that saying true. Donald Trump Jr. took a page straight out of rape culture in an interview on the  Opie and Anthony Show,  where he said that women who can t handle sexual harassment in the workplace  don t belong in the workforce. If you can t handle some of the basic stuff that s become a problem in the workforce today, like, you don t belong in the workforce. Like, you should go maybe teach kindergarten. I think it s a respectable position.You can t be negotiating billion-dollar deals if you can t handle, like, you know. Now, why didn t anybody think of that before? It s so stupid it s positively brilliant!Or maybe the men who are likewise negotiating that deal Trump Jr. talks about above should, you know, maybe keep their mouths shut and their eyes and minds focused on the negotiations. But hey, Trump and his son will say what they want. Boys will be boys, right? Right. Because men can t control themselves and their base instincts so it s always on women to make sure men stay off of us.And you just have to love that implication that teaching kindergarten (and by extension, teaching anything at all) isn t a real job in the workforce, so it s okay for women to have those jobs. Trump Jr. clearly sees women as second-class citizens   people to be seen and not heard (and in some cases, probably not seen, either, just like his disgusting father thinks).To make matters worse, the whole interview sounds like they think they re doing nothing more than harmless  locker room talk,  with the hosts saying things like: That s the problem with women. They complain and they fuck it up. Like I don t like being around just men, I love when women are around, but they complain,  Oh it s harassment,  and that s why we hate them around because they stop us from doing what we want to do. Which is, in part, talking about women in a disgusting, derogatory manner, no doubt. They re blaming women for having the audacity to demand to be treated like human beings.Trump s mini-me of a son also implied that the primary reason women complain and sue for harassment is to get rich: Wouldn t it be funny if we showed tits and then Donald sued?  one asked. I d feel harassed!  Trump Jr. joked.  This is my get-rich-quick scheme. I m now suing you guys because I feel uncomfortable.' It s not just the GOP candidate for president. It s his whole family who thinks this way. Anyone who thinks that Donald Trump would be a good example, a good role model for children need only look at his own children to know that s not true.Listen to the whole interview segment below:Featured image by John Moore via Getty Images",0
4194, Donald Trump On Accusations Of Sexual Assault: Mexico Did It,"Donald Trump is backed into a corner. After he was caught on tape admitting to sexually assaulting women, surprise! several women have come out saying Trump sexually assaulted them. He s running out of defenses, so Trump turned to one of his old hits. He s blaming the accusations on the Mexicans. Well, one Mexican in particular: billionaire Carlos Slim.As early as Friday, Mr. Trump is planning to claim that Mr. Slim, as a shareholder of New York Times Co. and donor to the Clinton Foundation, has an interest in helping Hillary Clinton s campaign, according to a Trump adviser.Attacking the Mexican billionaire would allow Mr. Trump to hit several targets. He could slam the  failing  New York Times, which he says had to be  rescued  by a  foreigner    Mr. Slim, the adviser said.Source: VoxUnfortunately, this is how Trump sees the world. People are either with him or against him. Not surprisingly for the controversial land developer, Trump has made a lot of enemies, and it appears those enemies are spread throughout the world. That alone should disqualify him for the position that is in large part, diplomacy.Beyond that, though, this is a man who refuses to take responsibility for his own actions. He admitted on tape the he grabs women  by the pussy.  Why should it surprise anyone that he actually grabbed some? Here s a list of all the women who (so far) have accused Trump. Even if Trump is right that it s some sort of personal vendetta by the New York Times (he s not), reports have come out in the Daily Beast, from CBS News, from a People Magazine reporter, from the Palm Beach Post, from Rolling Stone, from BuzzFeed, from the Guardian, from Vanity Fair, from USA Today, from Jezebel, from the New Yorker and from the Washington Post.Gotta wonder how he s going to blame the Mexicans (or perhaps the Chinese) on all of these.Featured image via Ty Wright/Getty Images.",0
4195, SICK: Trump Told 14-Year-Old Girls He Would Be Dating Them In A Couple Years,"Another bit of news from the past has come back to haunt Donald Trump s already imploding campaign.Only days after an Entertainment Tonight clip went viral showing Donald Trump talking about how he will be dating the 10-year-old girl he just met in ten years, the Chicago Tribune dug into their own archives to find another disturbing news blurb quoting Trump speaking to a pair of 14-year-old girls in 1992. In a December 1992 wire brief in the Chicago Tribune, Trump is described as having spotted a youth choir singing Christmas carols at the Plaza Hotel in Manhattan,  the Tribune reported.  He asked two girls how old they were. When they said they were 14, Trump, then 46, replied,  Wow! Just think   in a couple of years, I ll be dating you. Here s the news clipping via the Chicago Tribune. The bit about Trump is at the lower right hand corner under the yellow highlight.There you have it. Donald Trump jumped from disgustingly talking about him dating a 10-year-old girl in ten years to directly telling two 14-year-old girls that he will be dating them in two years. For the record, both girls would still be considered minors under the law. Furthermore, Trump s own daughter Ivanka was 11-years-old at the time, which makes these revelations even creepier.Trump has been under fire for over a week now since his remarks about groping women came to light. Accusations of sexual assault from multiple women, including Miss Teen USA contestants who have revealed that Trump walked in on them in their dressing room to see them naked, have flooded the media ever since and the Republican nominee is struggling to explain himself and his predatory behavior.These revelations also give more credibility to a child rape case that Trump is currently embroiled in, which goes to a status conference in December that Trump must attend. The lawsuit was filed by a woman only known as Jane Doe, who says Trump raped her in 1994 when she was 13 years old.And given the fact that Trump apparently likes openly hitting on underage girls, it sounds like Jane Doe has a case.Donald Trump is a sick man and a pervert who should not be anywhere close to being President of the United States. But Republicans chose him to be their leader and now America is living a nightmare that can only end if Trump and the GOP loses by a total landslide on November 8th.Featured Image: Spencer Platt/Getty Images",0
4196," Texas Church Rejects Man For Being Gay, But He Gets The Last Laugh A Year Later","This church congregation should be ashamed.After all, it was a year ago that Watermark Community Church sent a letter to Jason Thomas formally rejecting him as a member of the church simply because he is gay. In our attempt to shepherd you, we have recognized a destructive pattern that prohibits us in caring for you and playing the role you desire for us to have in your life,  the letter stated.  Specifically, your desire to actively participate in a same-sex relationship with another man, and your unwillingness to heed biblical counsel from your church to turn from that relationship, has made it exceedingly difficult to shepherd you during this time. The church goes on to claim in the letter that they  value the way God has uniquely formed you,  but wants him to change by following the church s counsel and to meet a person named Brandon who has similar homosexual feelings. Notice how the church literally outed Brandon?Anyway, Jason clearly was not welcome back to the church unless he agreed to be someone he is not so he stayed far away. One year later, Jason is happy and is comfortable with who he is and with his sexuality. So he wrote a reply to Watermark Community Church informing them that their choice to reject him was the best thing that could have happened to him.Here s is the full letter via Pink News.Dear Watermark Community Church,Today I celebrate a very interesting anniversary with you. It was exactly one year ago when you told me that I was no longer worthy to serve, be in a community group, and be a member of your church.I spent years in your church battling against my homosexuality. I believed with all my heart that God would change me; I prayed for change almost daily. But when I wasn t able to change, you turned your back on me.You say our  sin  is not unique, but you treat us in a unique manner; this is unacceptable behaviour. We are actual people that have actual feelings.Here we are a year later and you are still doing to others what you did to me. You are tarnishing the name of God to Christians and non-Christians alike; you should be ashamed of yourselves! Do not forget, Jesus was angry with people just like you who said certain groups of people were not worthy to be followers of Him.Thank you for removing yourself from my life! I am who God made me to be. I cannot change my sexual orientation and nor would I want to. I now have internal peace and happiness unlike ever before.Jason ThomasIndeed, while this church is busy persecuting people for being gay, there are almost certainly many members of the church who commit adultery or other sins on a daily basis who are not being rejected by the church like Jason. Even the church elders are not without sin yet they are busy hypocritically casting stones at people who are gay.Watermark responded to Jason by telling the Dallas News that,  An individual s formal relationship with us as a member is only changed when someone no longer desires to resist sin and refuses our help, care and encouragement. Even if someone s formal membership status is removed, they are always welcome to attend Watermark and be reminded of the grace and truth of our savior Jesus Christ. Yeah, that s complete bullshit and is exactly why more and more people are no longer attending church. Jesus said  love thy neighbor as thyself,  but apparently this church isn t a fan of Jesus  teachings, which did not include ostracizing gay people.Featured Image: i.ytimg.com",0
4197, Ben Carson Just Totally Lost His Sh*t On MSNBC When Asked About Trump’ Sexual Assaults (VIDEO),"When Ben Carson was asked about the multiple women accusing Donald Trump of sexually assaulting them, he proceeded to completely freak the f*ck out.Appearing on MSNBC s Morning Joe, Ben Carson was questioned about the long list of women alleging that they were sexually assaulted by the billionaire GOP nominee. BBC reporter Katty Kay pressed Carson, asking whether or not he thinks the women accusing Trump are lying. Infuriated, Carson cut her off. That s your characterization because you need to characterize it that way to make me the bad guy,  Carson said.When Kay didn t drop the subject and continued to pursue the matter of Trump s sexual assaults, the former presidential candidate cut her off yet again. Stop. Stop. Stop. Stop. Stop. Can you turn her mic off please? Turn her mic off so I can talk. Host Joe Scarborough laughed and said that  no,  her microphone would not be shut off. Carson, visibly frustrated, continued in his tailspin.",0
4198, Mike Pence Tries To Talk Sh*t About Michelle Obama; Falls On Face HARD (VIDEO),"Appearing on CBS This Morning, Republican vice presidential nominee Mike Pence was left floundering for responses to questions he clearly did not want to be asked.For one, he was asked to respond to Michelle Obama s remarks surrounding his running-mate Donald Trump being a sexual predator.Yesterday, while speaking at a Clinton campaign event in New Hampshire, the First Lady stated: This is not something that we can ignore. It s not something we can just sweep under the rug as just another disturbing footnote in a sad election season. Because this was not just a lewd conversation; this wasn t just locker room banter. This was a powerful individual speaking freely and openly about sexually predatory behavior and actually bragging about kissing and groping women using language so obscene that many of us worried about our children hearing it when we turn on the TV. And to make matters worse, it now seems very clear that this isn t an isolated incident   it s one of countless examples of how he has treated women his whole life. She added: Too many are treating this as just another day s headline. As if our outrage is overblown or unwarranted. As if this is normal. Be clear: this is not normal. This is not politics as usual. This is disgraceful. It is intolerable. And it doesn t matter what party you belong to: Democrat, Independent, Republican   no woman deserves to be treated this way. None of us deserves this kind of abuse  This isn t about politics, it s about basic human decency. This Morning Co-host Norah O Donnell asked Pence about these remarks, but Pence decided to respond with this: Look I have a lot of respect for the First Lady  But I don t understand the basis of her claim. Someone flabbergasted that Pence was seemingly saying that Michelle Obama went too far, O Donnell followed up with: You don t believe his language was  sexually predatory? He was then left to put together words, in no particular order, that tried to defend Trump and his actions. Keep in mind Pence condemned Trump s remarks that came out of the leaked Access Hollywood tape, but now he doesn t seem to believe any of the victims coming forward that state Trump did exactly what he stated on that leaked tape.Someone should let him know he can t talk out of both sides of his mouth on this issue. Someone else should let him know that you don t halfass insult First Lady Michelle Obama and think he can get away with it.Pence then pivoted fast away from the questions that left him flat on his face.If Pence wasn t such a jerk himself, you could almost feel bad for the guy for needing to defend his sexual predator running-mate, but this is might just be sweet karma for all the sh*tty things Pence has done legislatively to women and the LGBT community over the years.Watch the video here:Mike Pence is so pathetic. #PatheticPence pic.twitter.com/iJ4rKyCp3P  Sarah Wood (@SarahWoodwriter) October 14, 2016Featured image via video screen capture",0
4199," REPORT: Donald Trump LIED About Donating To 9/11 Charities, Didn’t Donate Until He Was Campaigning (DETAILS)","Donald Trump has called himself a patriot many times, yet according to recent investigations he didn t donate a penny to 9/11 charities, despite claiming otherwise. That definitely doesn t seem very patriotic.Mr. Billionaire Trump promised to donate $10,000 to a major 9/11 charity, yet the money was never received. To a billionaire, $10,000 is pocket change, so why didn t he actually give it to the charities? Is he really that greedy? Leave it to Trump to make a scene, order more fame and attention, only to have made the whole thing up.NY Daily News says:City Controller Scott Stringer conducted a review of hundreds of pages of previously sealed records of the two main 9/11 charities at the request of the Daily News, and found that Trump and his charity hadn t donated a dime in the months after 9/11.It s not unlike Trump to want more public attention and create whatever lie necessary for that attention; however, even for a pig like him, this is a bit too far.Not until April of 2016   while running for president   did Donald Trump actually donate money to a 9/11 related cause. During his first visit to the September 11th Museum Memorial he made another grand scene while donating $100,000 dollars to the museum. This time the money was actually received, but we can safely bet it s only because of how much attention is on him.This goes to show Donald Trump is only  charitable  when it suits him. And it s not even really charity   he s buying publicity, not donating money, in his view. He s always been a lying, scandalous pig, yet now could quite possibly the next president of our country. Let s make sure that doesn t happen come November.Photo by Drew Angerer/Getty Images",0
4200, Armed Trump Supporters ‘Stand Their Ground’ Outside Female Dem. Candidate’s Campaign Office For 12 Hours,"Two Donald Trump supporters openly carrying firearms lurked outside of a a Democratic candidate s office for 12 hours on Thursday. Apparently, President Barack HUSSEIN Obama s evil gun confiscation unit hadn t arrived yet. It s perfectly legal to open carry firearms in Virginia but intimidating a candidate or any person for that matter is a perversion of the Second Amendment.One of the protesters, Daniel Parks, told Newsplex that he hopes to encourage Trump supporters to stand up for what they believe in. We suppose Parks thinks Trump supporters have been timid during this election cycle. I m just trying to provide a voice for someone who might be closet supporters of Trump. Other people that are a little worried to speak out because of possible persecution,  Parks said.As for  persecution,  Parks suffers from a case of projection. Also in his hand, Parks held a copy of the Constitution.The two armed men stood outside of a female candidate s office for hours.Parks and another Trump supporter who later joined him outside the campaign of the campaign office Democrat Jane Dittmar s office in Palmyra, Virginia, were openly carrying guns, Su Wolff, a volunteer for Dittmar, told Newsplex.Wolff said that the most disturbing part of the protest was that both of them started exposing their firearms. He turned sideways to be sure that we would see that he has an open carry gun, which is legal, it s fine, but it s intimidating,  Wolff said of one of the protesters.  If he wants to support his candidate that s fine, but don t come here and stare into the office all day. Parks said that his firearm is legal, and that he meant no harm in carrying it outside of the Democratic candidate s office. We re not a threat to anybody, the only threat is ignorance, and ignorance breeds fear,  Parks said.On Thursday, it was reported that Trump is  pulling out of Virginia,  in a move which stunned staffers in the battleground state. Still yet, Parks said he s not giving up. He might be pulling out, but we re not pulling out, and I m gonna stand my ground and speak out for what I believe in,  Parks said.Parks is planning a similar protest in Richmond later this year.Dittmar is not running against Donald Trump, for the record. She is running against State Sen. Thomas A. Garrett Jr. (R) for the 5th Congressional District seat which is currently held by Rep. Robert Hurt, who is not seeking re-election, TPM reports.The two men must represent Trump s  Second Amendment people  which the GOP presidential candidate spoke of earlier this year when he issued a veiled threat to Hillary Clinton.Image via screen capture. ",0
4201, Trump Supporter Threatens Montel Williams So He Publicly Humiliates Her Into Oblivion,"Montel Williams is an outspoken opponent of Donald Trump s campaign and has been hitting the Republican nominee particularly hard as of late over his predatory sexual behavior.Here goes accused predator @realDonaldTrump lying about the black community again  Montel Williams (@Montel_Williams) October 13, 2016 Boys will be boys, but boys will not be President    Ronald Reagan.Donald Trump will NEVER be President.  Montel Williams (@Montel_Williams) October 13, 2016DONALD TRUMP IS A DAMN PEDOPHILE. PERIOD  FULL STOP. pic.twitter.com/UK6AF3GjjI  Montel Williams (@Montel_Williams) October 13, 2016So Trump defender Scottie Nell Hughes responded by privately threatening to bring up sexual misconduct accusations against Williams. Bc I appreciate you and don t want to publicly bring up a bad moment in your life but please be careful publicly going against me Bc others might not have a loyalty to you,  she wrote.Rather than bow down to such threat, Williams called Hughes out publicly on Twitter and posted her message for all to see. Trumpers in general: careful threatening me when you don t know what I know and can tell reporters,  Williams fired back.@scottienhughes /Trumpers in general: careful threatening me when you don t know what I know and can tell reporters  pic.twitter.com/D1kz95gpSE  Montel Williams (@Montel_Williams) October 14, 2016It turns out Hughes was referencing sexual assault allegations which Williams was exonerated for in a court of law.Seeing her error, Hughes claimed she wasn t threatening Williams and claimed she was just  being a friend.  But Williams was having none of it.Yes you were and it s a damn stupid one at that given the case was tossed and the lawyer who filed it sanctioned ;) https://t.co/LH7cijIUKs  Montel Williams (@Montel_Williams) October 14, 2016An embarrassed Hughes then offered a pathetic apology to stop the bleeding.@Montel_Williams well I apologize you took it that way Bc unfortunately the part about the lawyer is not highly reported as much. I am sorry  Scottie Nell Hughes (@scottienhughes) October 14, 2016But Williams didn t accept.Scottie was referencing series of frivolous  sexual harassment  lawsuits filed against me. I won EACH AND EVERY ONE https://t.co/Wph3higga0 pic.twitter.com/MjfgBzQ3IV  Montel Williams (@Montel_Williams) October 14, 2016I didn t settle a one of those cases because I was innocent, so much so the Judge fined the lawyer who filed them 15k https://t.co/4AZbliptFr  Montel Williams (@Montel_Williams) October 14, 2016In a statement provided to Raw Story, Williams explained that while Hughes has only known Trump for a few months, she clearly doesn t know him like he does. Scottie has known Donald a few months, I ve known him more than 20 years. It would be unwise for her or any of these folks from central casting posing as surrogates to threaten me. They have no idea the damage me deciding to talk to a reporter about what I know would cause. Hughes responded on Twitter by playing the victim as if she did nothing wrong by casually making threats to someone she considers a friend. No messages from you sorry or I would have responded that MW and I have had friendly convos since 14. Sorry. I guess I misunderstood how polite our friendship was and very disappointed he has that low of respect for me. Threatening to smear a person s reputation is not what any good friend does. But that s what Hughes did even though Williams was found totally innocent of the allegations against him. Hughes deserved to be humiliated in public, and by sharing the threat publicly, Williams showed the world just how low Trump s minions are willing to sink.Featured image via Facebook",0
4202, Man Almost Dies On Flight Because Crew Didn’t Think Black Women Can Be Doctors,"A man almost lost his life on a flight out of Detroit because of a racist flight crew member who apparently forgot that it s 2016 and black women are allowed to be doctors. I know, it seems shocking to someone with that mindset, but we re pretty much over the who  not allowing someone to follow their dreams and live up to their potential because of their skin color  thing. Unfortunately, the crew of Delta flight DL945 didn t get the memo.When a passenger became unresponsive during the flight, the crew leaped into action looking for a doctor   and Dr. Tamika Cross would have done so as well, if they thought someone with her dark complexion was capable of being a medical professional. On Facebook, Cross vented her frustration with representatives of the airline:When Cross initially attempted to inform the crew she was a doctor by raising her hand as she was asked, she was flatly told her silly dark-skinned medical knowledge was useless to them   even though a man was dying. Oh no sweetie put ur hand down, we are looking for actual physicians or nurses or some type of medical personnel, we don t have time to talk to you,  Cross says a flight attendant informed her, overtalking her attempts to explain that she is a licensed medical professional with condescension. Any physician on board please press your button  the crew urged, as no one but Cross had responded. She pushed her button.  Oh wow you re an actual physician?  the flabbergasted crew member asked before demanding to see Cross s credentials and asking a series of questions that should not be asked when a man is dying and time is of the essence:   What type of doctor are you? Where do you work? Why were you in Detroit? Fortunately, a white man stepped forward to save the day because the crew obviously was having a tough time finding a doctor who met their qualifications (apparently white skin being the qualification). Cross was told  thanks for your help but he can help us, and he has his credentials.  He did not, in fact, show the crew anything, Cross points out in her post.After Mr. White Doctor saved the day, the same crew member had the nerve to come to Cross with questions about treatment before ultimately  apologizing  for her blatantly racist behavior and trying to bribe Cross with skymiles. Cross refused.Unfortunately, while we have made great progress, we still have a long way to go in terms of race relations in America   and Delta is not going to have a very good week trying to make this problem go away.Featured image via Facebook",0
4203, Obama Just Warned Trump: Don’t Attack My Wife Or There Will Be Hell To Pay,"The White House has warned Donald Trump not to turn his attacks to Michelle Obama, or things could get quite rough for him. I can t think of a bolder way for Donald Trump to lose even more standing than he already has than by engaging the First Lady of the United States,  principal deputy White House press secretary Eric Schultz told reporters aboard Air Force One. To date, The Donald has largely stayed away from attacking the First Lady, with his one reference to her   a blatantly false claim that she attacked Clinton in political ads   only serving to embarrass him. I ve gotten to see some of the most vicious commercials I ve ever seen of Michelle Obama talking about you, Hillary,  Trump said at the debate, earning him a collective eyeroll from America and a  false  from PolitiFact. In reality, Obama has campaigned hard for Clinton.Schultz is right: if Trump begins attacking the First Lady, a woman who is admired by people on both sides of the political aisle and who (for the most part) avoids engaging in politics, it will show that he truly has no shame   if The Wall, a proposed Muslim ban, grabbing women  by the pussy,  courting white supremacists, and a f*cking child rape case had not managed to make that clear already.Schultz s warning is a good one: there is nothing The Donald can do strip what little legitimacy his campaign has ever had than to attack a woman whose primary concern for the last eight years has been making sure children are educated and fed. The blowback would be something even Trump could not handle.Of course, Trump will likely view this as a challenge   but even if he doesn t go on the attack, his  deplorables have had him covered in that area for years.On Thursday, Michelle Obama didn t attack Trump, but she very poignantly pointed out exactly how awful he is. Watch that below:Featured image via Getty Images (Chip Somodevilla/Ty Wright)",0
4204, Meet The Cowardly Republicans Who Re-Endorsed Trump After Condemning Him For Sexual Assault,"Republicans everywhere have been denouncing Trump for his boasts about sexually assaulting women, but it seems that they can t stick to their guns. In a very cowardly move, four Republicans have re-endorsed him, one has knuckled under and stayed quiet, and more are sure to follow both of these leads. These weak-kneed, spineless rat turds are busy putting party over country, and it s disgusting.First up: Senator Deb Fischer of Nebraska. She made her position clear on the radio shortly after the worst weekend Trump has ever had. As a woman, there is no way she should still support him, and yet, she does for some sick reason: Well, like most Nebraskans, I am fully committed to defeating Hillary Clinton. I support the Republican ticket and I plan to vote for Mr. Trump and Mr. Pence on November 8th. She went on to say that she d never said she wouldn t vote for the GOP ticket, which is likely true, but smacks of making excuses. All she s done is show that beating Hillary is more important than the very real danger of legitimizing sexual crimes, and making a predator into a role model for our children. Giving in to that ideology is the move of a coward.Senator John Thune of South Dakota is next. He tweeted that Trump should withdraw and Mike Pence should take over. Now, though? He s caved like the chickenshit he is, too. He said: He has a lot of work to do, I think, to win this election. But I m certainly not going to vote for Hillary Clinton. So vote for Evan McMullin   at least he s respectable, knowledgeable and sane, unlike Trump and his minions.New Jersey Congressman Scott Garrett said that he felt Mike Pence was a better candidate than Trump following Trump s unmasking as a sexual predator. However, Garrett s campaign has since said that he still feels Trump is the best candidate to lead our country. His spokesman said, in part: Donald Trump remains the nominee of the Republican Party, and Rep. Garrett has always said he will vote for the Republican Party nominee. Scott Garrett s top priority in this election is stopping the Clinton-Gottheimer agenda of higher taxes, more wasteful spending, and weak national security policy. All important issues, but dismissing half the electorate by essentially saying,  Sure, we care about you, but your problems with sexual assault are just not that important,  right now is clueless and vile. It s typical sexism, actually.In fourth place, but tied for first, is Congressman Bradley Byrne of Alabama. We probably shouldn t be surprised that an official from Alabama would decide to support Trump, though, even after sixteen straight months of rotting vomit spewing forth from his mouth. Byrne was one of the first officials in Alabama to call on Trump to step down, but apparently, that s all changed now that it s been a week since Trump s  hot mic  tape was released.Byrne s spokesman, Seth Burrow, said: He will support the Republican ticket on Election Day, as he has pledged to do all along. He just believes that person should be Mike Pence. He just believes that person should be Mike Pence,  is one of the worst cop-outs in the long, sad history of bad cop-outs.And last, but certainly not least, is Paul Ryan. While he has refused to campaign with Trump anymore, and even disinvited him to an event in Wisconsin, he s got an extraordinarily flimsy position on Trump now. He won t talk about Trump, and he seems to be urging people to just kind of forget about Trump s Twitter storms and other problems.No mention of Trump being a sexual predator, which is unbelievably hypocritical for someone as  Christian  as Paul Ryan. To be sure, Ryan never rescinded his endorsement of Trump, and apparently, that position has not changed. It s still sick.More Republicans are sure to follow as they decide their party is more important than actually standing for what s right. They are bloody pieces of feces-infused wimpiness for that, considering they keep trumpeting every type of  moral value  there is.Photo of Deb Fischer by Mark Wilson, photo of John Thune by Alex Wong, photo of Scott Garrett by Chip Somodevilla, Photo of Paul Ryan by Win McNamee, via Getty Images. Photo of Bradley Byrne By U.S. House Of Representatives, Public Domain via Wikipedia. All photos merged by Rika Christensen",0
4205, JUST IN: Donald Trump Seriously Thinks Deaf People Are ‘Retarded’,"As if Donald Trump hasn t angered enough people already, he has now added the deaf to that long list.According to former staffers who worked on The Apprentice in 2011, the Republican nominee repeatedly questioned Academy Award-winning actress Marlee Matlin s mental capacity and referred to her as  retarded  just because she happens to be deaf.The staffers came forward to disclose Trump s treatment of Matlin anonymously due to non-disclosure agreements they had to sign.The staffers told the Daily Beast that Trump repeatedly insulted Matlin to her face and behind her back and  would often equate that she was mentally retarded. During the taping of the show, Trump would often scribble down notes while sitting at the table of  the boardroom the show s primary set. A person familiar with the notes who helped clean up after tapings said that on one of the pieces of paper, Trump wrote:  Marlee, is she retarded?? Apparently, Trump didn t care about being on a hot mic because one staffer heard Trump  make fun of her voice,  too.  It actually sounded a lot like what he did [to] the New York Times guy,  the staffer described.As you may recall, a writer for the New York Times named Serge F. Kovaleski criticized Trump in an article. Trump then responded by openly mocking Kovaleski s disability on the campaign trail.Here s a video of the disgraceful incident via YouTube.For the record, being deaf means Matlin can t hear sounds. It doesn t mean she is mentally impaired. But Trump clearly either doesn t know the difference or does not care.But reportedly, Matlin didn t let Trump get away with insulting her. During a segment filmed in the  boardroom,  Matlin stood up for herself after Trump made insensitive remarks about her and treated her as if she had a mental handicap.Of course, that footage did not air as part of the episode and none of Trump s insults were aired during the season, probably because his behavior towards Matlin would have caused national outrage.And it should definitely cause national outrage now.Donald Trump has a history of insulting people with mental and physical disabilities, and this is unacceptable.Trump should publicly apologize to Matlin for how he treated her and he should definitely drop his bid for the presidency. America deserves a president who won t look down upon people just because they have a disability. Disabled people are not inferior. Donald Trump deserves nothing more than to be a disgraceful footnote in the dustbin of history.Donald Trump deserves nothing more than to be a disgraceful footnote in the dustbin of history.Featured Image: Sara D. Davis/Getty Images",0
4206, WATCH: Jake Tapper CRUSHES Trump Cheerleader For Hypocrisy On Sexual Assault Accusations,"Donald Trump supporter Kayleigh McEnany was taken to the woodshed on Thursday by CNN s Jake Tapper.CNN has been asking Trump surrogates why they are portraying women accusing the Republican nominee of sexual assault as liars but are so adamant that Bill Clinton s accusers are telling the truth.Jeffrey Lord stammered and did a death spiral when Anderson Cooper questioned that hypocrisy earlier in the day. So CNN host Jake Tapper posed the same question to McEnany and she crashed and burned.McEnany began by declaring that every woman who makes a sexual assault allegation should be heard, only to then attack Trump s accusers.  There are a lot of reasons, the facts that lead us to question these accusations,  she said. She went on to question the New York Times story by claiming that the same authors of that story published a story in May in which their source recanted and she questioned them because they allegedly never filed a police report against Trump.That s when Tapper hammered McEnany by pointing out her hypocrisy and the fact that Clinton accuser Juanita Broaddrick signed an affidavit denying that she was raped by the former president and reminded her that another of Clinton s accusers did not report their allegations to police before making a public accusation.In other words, the Trump campaign has a double standard when it comes to sexual assault accusations. Kayleigh, I have to say, because we had a conversation on Sunday during the debate after Mr. Trump brought out the three women who have accused Bill Clinton, two of them of sexual assault and one of them of rape. And you didn t go into detail questioning their accounts. One of them signed an affidavit saying that there had not been any nonconsensual sex and then recanted it. You didn t have a problem with that inconsistency. One of them didn t report the alleged incidents to police. You didn t have an incident that. My question is why do you have a different standard for Mr. Trump s accusers than you do for Mr. Clinton s accusers? Tapper later went on to correct McEnany that  sexual assault is not sex  after she said she isn t  here to litigate  Donald Trump s sexual past.Here s the video via YouTube.This is the question every Trump supporter should be asked. Because Trump and his campaign are insisting that Bill Clinton s accusers are telling the truth while demonizing women who come forward with sexual assault accusations against Trump. If they truly believe every woman should be heard, then they have to admit that Trump s accusers could be telling the truth, too.Also, Bill Clinton is NOT running for president. Donald Trump, however, IS.Featured Image: Screenshot",0
4207, Meet The Black Man Donald Trump Tried To Murder (VIDEO),"Donald Trump has often campaigned as the self-described  law and order  candidate in the 2016 presidential election. But one of the men Trump tried to persecute is speaking out against the reality TV star.As recently as last week, Trump argued that the Central Park Five should be behind bars. The men were five young black men who were railroaded by the criminal justice system and falsely accused of raping a white woman (known as the Central Park Jogger). Eventually, after they were imprisoned, another man was connected to the crime via DNA evidence and the Five were released. They received a court judgment and were rewarded monetary damages for their unjust incarceration.Trump took out a full-page ad during the trial, calling for the boys  execution. Now, one of those men, Yusef Salaam, is speaking out about Trump and his incitement and what Salaam describes as  calling basically for us to be murdered. Yusef Salaam said Donald Trump s infamous full-page ad calling for the deaths of the Central Park Five would in an earlier era been the impetus that sparked  mob justice    in a new ad against Trump. They had our names, our phone numbers and addresses in the papers so what would ve happened? Somebody from the darkest places of society would ve come to our homes, kicked in our doors, and drug us from our homes and hung us from the trees in Central Park. That would ve been the type of mob justice that they were seeking. Trump still refuses to accept that these men are innocent, part of a troubling pattern from the Republican nominee in a blas  attitude towards black concerns and safety. Asked during the debates about police brutality against blacks and the protests of the Black Lives Matter movement, Trump has instead gone at length about  stop and frisk  and inner city crime. It is his go-to position and rhetoric when speaking about black people.Featured image via screen capture",0
4208, Trump’s Deplorables Just Got Flat-Out MONSTROUS With Sexual Assault Victims On Twitter (TWEETS),"One of Twitter s top trending hashtags is full of women who ve been harassed and assaulted, and they re explaining why women don t report such incidents with their personal stories. There are many, many moving accounts under #WhyWomenDontReport, but there are also the misogynistic jerkwads who are intentionally hurting victims all over again.Trump s deplorables are busy reinforcing their image as the bottom-feeders of deplorability. They re calling Trump s victims liars, and they re calling women who report sexual assault liars, gold-diggers, and worse. In short, they re doing every single thing they can to shame women who have been harassed and outright attacked. Some are even using #NextFakeTrumpVictim as a rebuttal to #WhyWomenDontReport.They are disgusting, and they are monsters. They ve once again shown themselves to be the basket of deplorables that Hillary said they are.We don t live in a rape culture. Shut up. #whywomendontreport  Sean Spooky Derp   (@Seanbeandood) October 13, 2016@cristinalaila1 #whywomendontreport REAL sexual assault victims don t report 1st time ever 26 days before election in a circus. #hookers do!  Pimping Politics (@PimpingPolitics) October 13, 2016#WhyWomenDontReport Because Hillary s campaign told them to wait until 3 weeks before the election and then disappear with the money.#Trump  26Days??TrumpWins (@GordonPress) October 13, 2016Does anyone think its suspicious that suddenly after 30 yrs these women come out on same day just 3 wks before election? #WhyWomenDontReport  My Place (@MyPlace4U) October 13, 2016#WhyWomenDontReport Becuase of the #Clintonbodycount  Bring Me To Heel (@desi2finh) October 13, 2016Because they re afraid someone might check the report for validity. #whywomendontreport  Diggs Niffeur (@Kissingers4skin) October 13, 2016While I understand #WhyWomenDontReport at times, but 3 weeks b4 a major election? Don t buy it.  NoYb (@Luvthe1970s) October 13, 2016#WhyWomenDontReport cuz there waiting for #DonaldTrump to run for #POTUS  Surajkumar (@suraj1972kummar) October 13, 2016#WhyWomenDontReport b/c a lot of dumb women brainwashed 2 believe OK 2 get drunk, dress+ act like a slut, pass out+groped you re a victim?  [email protected] (@Stump4TrumpSF) October 13, 2016#WhyWomenDontReport if this could ever be true it d be bc of bimbos arguing like they know anything during the debates, @MarthaRaddatz  DeploRAEble (@twilightblueam) October 13, 2016#WhyWomenDontReport Can I too get $50,000 from the Clinton campaign if I lie about Trump groping me? Naw, not worth selling the USA.  Ryan Deardorff (@Grumbull) October 13, 2016#WhyWomenDontReport b/c they didn t own a TV and know Trump was running for President until 3 weeks before the election?  Howard Notelling (@BluegrassPundit) October 13, 2016#WhyWomenDontReport because it never happened thats why.  Sam DeGreen (@samdegreen) October 13, 2016#WhyWomenDontReport people usually tend to believe rape cases that are actually true. However, there s too many false cases as well  Nick (@NickyBRizzle) October 13, 2016If  people  stopped trying to destroy the life of a human being because they don t agree with them, this wouldn t happen #WhyWomenDontReport  I Support Trump ?? (@TheRealKWingate) October 13, 2016#WhyWomenDontReportBecause 70% of them have a rape fetish.  75% Ironic ( ) (@Synthovine) October 13, 2016#WhyWomenDontReport Because false rape accusations like the ones against Trump make it harder for women to be believed.  Rev. Templeton Jones (@TempletonTJones) October 13, 2016WARNING: The picture at the link in the tweet below is explicit and triggering:#WhyWomenDontReport refugees rape women at alarming rates. Liberals love refugees  liberals love rape. pic.twitter.com/E7CCg35DqZ  Deplorable Trumpanze (@alstegner) October 13, 2016#WhyWomenDontReport waiting for the next wiki dump #nextfaketrumpvictim  EverydayAmerican (@jcvolt) October 13, 2016Because the rewards for playing the victim outweigh the risk of filing a fake police report #WhyWomenDontReport  Moonman (@Uncle_Adolf1488) October 13, 2016Women don t report sexual assault or harassment for a variety of reasons. Many fear that nobody will believe them. They fear the accusation will be turned back on them and destroy their reputations and lives. They can t stomach the idea of having to answer explicit questions about their bodies and their sexuality in order to prove they were actually attacked.It s because there are police who tell women to deal with it, and sometimes don t even file the report. It s because women are asked what they were wearing, whether they were drinking and flirting, why they were wherever they were, why they let themselves be alone with their attackers, and so forth. It s because people say that sexual assault is just sex that the victim regrets later on.No, people don t believe us. Yes, people shame us to hell and back. Yes, we re accused of ruining the lives of the men who hurt us so badly. Why don t women report sexual assault and harassment? Because we can t.Featured image by Ralph Freso via Getty Images",0
4209, REPORT: The Vast Majority Of Trump’s Employees Hope He Loses In November,"To hear Donald Trump tell it, he s the best, hugest, biggest boss there has ever been and the way he runs his businesses (if you ignore the multiple bankruptcies and closures) means the people who work for him should be overwhelmingly proud to be under his leadership.But Reuters has done some number-crunching on what kind of financial support the people who work in his businesses have shown to his presidential campaign, and as he would say, it s very  sad! Only a dozen of an estimated 22,450 people employed at Trump s companies have donated more than $200 to the celebrity businessman s bid for the U.S. presidency, a Reuters review of federal campaign finance records through August shows. Those who gave less to either Trump s campaign or his joint fundraising committees would not have shown up in the review.The contributors, including an office cleaner, a golf course groundskeeper, a bartender and an attorney, have given $5,298 to Trump s campaign, a fraction of the $112 million Trump s political operation has received from donors and joint fundraisers.The news service also points out that an employee at the Trump companies even has donated to Secretary Hillary Clinton, his electoral rival and the current front-runner in the presidential contest.By comparison, in 2012 people who had worked alongside Republican presidential nominee Mitt Romney had donated $1.4 million both directly to his campaign and to the super PAC supporting his campaign.Secretary Clinton has also received donations from employees at the U.S. State Department, which she headed from 2009 to 2013.Trump has continually lagged behind Clinton in fundraising during the election, a disparity which has shown up in underfunded campaign operations in many of the key swing states and a severe lack of television advertising. Trump claimed he would self-fund his campaign, but while he has donated to the enterprise, it hasn t been a significant fraction of the  billions  Trump claims to possess, a figure which cannot be independently verified because Trump won t release his tax returns.Featured image via Flickr",0
4210, Trump FRANTICALLY Spins Illuminati-Like Global Conspiracy Theory To Explain His Death Spiral,"Since disgusting revelations came to light that show the Republicans  horse crap-covered, diseased nutsack of a nominee is actually a sexual predator, Trump has been frantically trying to cover his ass in every way imaginable. There is no line he will not cross, no level to which he will not sink, in order to turn the whole thing around in a pathetic attempt to come out smelling like roses. That includes pushing ever-wilder conspiracy theories about how the nefarious Hillary Clinton is behind all of this.Yes, Trump wants people to believe that this is all a worldwide smear campaign specifically intended to derail his candidacy. His asinine cease-and-desist letter to The New York Times revealed that (along with the true intent of the lawsuit threat), and so do the growing, nutty conspiracy theories he was touting in West Palm Beach today: The most powerful weapon deployed by the Clintons is the corporate media: the press. Let s be clear on one thing, the corporate media in our country is no longer involved in journalism. They re a political special interest, no different than any lobbyist or any other financial entity with a total political agenda and the agenda is not for you, it s for themselves.Their agenda is to elect crooked Hillary Clinton at any costs, at any price, no matter how many lives they destroy. For them, it s a war. And for them, nothing at all is out of bounds. This is a struggle for the survival of our nation. Believe me. And this will be our last chance to save it. Oh, it s a war all right, but it s a war against the evil that pervades Trump and his loyal, minion-y followers. Nobody s destroyed Trump s life but Trump himself. When it comes to the women he s assaulted   he s out to destroy their lives, and the lives of members of the press, for daring to report the truth about him. He is so not a victim.Trump s followers are dead certain that this election will be stolen from them, and Trump is playing that like a master violinist. For Trump, it s simple: The election is stolen if he loses. The election is fair if he wins. End of story.His minionish cult of followers see it the exact same way.But wait! It gets better. He also drew connections between his assault victims coming forward, Wikileaks, and Hillary: These claims are all fabricated, they are pure fiction, and they are outright lies It s not coincidence that these attacks come at the exact same moment and all together at the same time as Wikileaks releases documents exposing the massive international corruption of the Clinton machine. Coincidence or not, nothing changes the fact that he s a sexual predator who has no business being anywhere near a position of such power and responsibility as the presidency.As he continued to speak, his descent into madness became clearer: We ve seen this [corruption] first hand in the Wikileaks documents in which Hillary Clinton meets in secret with international banks to plot the destruction of U.S. sovereignty in order to enrich these global financial powers, her special interest friends, and her donors. The funny thing is that those emails reveal nothing of the sort. Time pointed out that a lot of things he said there are  invented.  As The Atlantic put it, they show a political candidate being political. Is that good? Not necessarily. However, they don t reveal anything nearly as horrific as what s come out about Trump recently.It s time for the cowardly GOP to actually come forward as a unified party and do something about this man. He s beyond help at this point.Featured image by Joe Raedle via Getty Images",0
4211, Conservatives VICIOUSLY Attack Michelle Obama For Condemning Trump’s Predatory Behavior,"Donald Trump s army of deplorables are viciously attacking First Lady Michelle Obama because she dared to condemn his predatory sexual behavior towards women.On Thursday, Mrs. Obama took a powerful swing at the Republican nominee over his comments about sexually assaulting women and his predatory behavior that makes him totally unfit to be president. This is not something we can ignore,  she said.  It s not something we can sweep under the rug as just another disturbing footnote in a sad election season.Because this was not just a lewd conversation. This wasn t locker room banter. This was a powerful individual speaking freely and openly about sexually predatory behavior. And actually bragging about kissing and groping women. Using language so obscene that many of us are worried about our children hearing it when we turn on the TV. To make matters worse, it now seems very clear this isn t an isolated incident. It s one of countless examples of how he has treated women his whole life.The First Lady also urged parents to reject Trump because rewarding him with the presidency will only send a bad message to children, especially boys. In our hearts we all know that if we let Hillary s opponent win the election, then we are sending a clear message to our kids that everything they re seeing and hearing is perfectly okay. We are validating it, we are endorsing it. We are telling our sons that it is okay to humiliate women, telling our daughters that this is how we deserve to be treated, that bigotry and bullying are perfectly acceptable. Is that we want for our children? Let s be very clear, strong men, men who are truly role models don t need to put down women to make themselves feel powerful. Michelle Obama is no stranger at being attacked for any little thing she does and this time was no different as conservatives swarmed the internet to smear her as much as possible with all sorts of horrendous remarks.@CNNPolitics @CNN too bad her husband isn t a decent man. Wonder if she actually knows any. Oh her! She s a decent man!  Deplorable Tiffany (@1tiffanyl) October 13, 2016@CNNPolitics @CNN @MichelleObama How do you feel about your sleazy husband flaunting his erection to other women? Just curious.  FRAUD ALERT!! (@redco2012) October 13, 2016@CNNPolitics @CNN Michelle Obama is an embarrassment! I can t wait until your go  Deplorable Marmy #DT (@Loofie68msncom2) October 13, 2016@CNNPolitics @benshapiro And exposing her daughters to revolting rappers and music about  bitches and ho s  that have been welcomed to WH  sal (@tevet) October 13, 2016@CNNPolitics @CNN nothing like our own first lady standing in front of millions of you as she supports fraud, corruption n destabilization ?  Trump STRONG (@allabouttrump) October 13, 2016@CNNPolitics @CNN your husband is an insult to all Americans!!  Deporable American (@wendytogo34) October 13, 2016@CNNPolitics @CNN Oh please Michelle Obama @FLOTUS with your fake half cry and faux outrage .don t you have packing to do???  Ferkslaw (@ferkslaw1) October 13, 2016And these are just the tip of the iceberg.Conservatives somehow STILL support Donald Trump despite the fact that he is an admitted sexual predator and creepy pervert. And in order to defend their hero, they repeatedly bring up Bill Clinton even though he was never charged with committing a sex crime and is NOT running for president.Hillary Clinton was absolutely right. Trump s supporters are deplorable.Featured Image: Spencer Platt/Getty Images",0
4212, REPORT: Trump Blocked HIS OWN CAMPAIGN From Vetting His Past,"When one becomes any sort of public figure   especially a political public figure   one s past is often scrutinized. Therefore, it is pretty much standard practice for potential campaign officials to vet the potential candidate prior to launching any sort of run for public office. However, when GOP nominee Donald Trump s original campaign manager, Corey Lewandowski, sought to do this, Trump himself pulled the plug on any such endeavor.According to Bloomberg Politics, Lewandowski requested that Trump s past be looked into before he even filed to run for president. However, Trump refused, which means that his campaign officials have been caught completely off guard by things like the lewd tape from the Access Hollywood bus, as well as by the subsequent allegations that he groped multiple women without their consent over the years. Apparently, the same thing happened with Trump s second campaign manager, Paul Manafort. Allegedly, Manafort wanted to vet Trump just like Lewandowski did, but was rebuffed. As a result of this, the only things Lewandowski was prepared to combat were Trump s monetary contributions to Democratic causes and politicians, and his Iraq war comments. All the rest was off limits.This is exceedingly odd, considering that any information found on the part of Team Trump would be used to prepare for any backlash relating to things that might come out from the candidate s past, as has happened in the last week and a half or so. Such secrecy would lead one to believe that there is something out there so bad that Trump feared people bailing on his then-fledgling campaign if they should find out about it.As for Trump s current spin master campaign manager, Kellyanne Conway? Well, she s just as in the dark as her predecessors were. She went on Fox News on Thursday and said of the dumping of information on Trump s past: I don t know what s out there. There s no way to know what is and isn t out there. Ohhh, Kellyanne. Dear, dear Kellyanne. You might not know exactly what else is out there, but you seem to be an intelligent pollster/GOP operative. You can figure it out. And, as a woman and as a mother, you should be ashamed of yourself for continuing to deflect and defend a man whose past includes such behavior.Featured image via Scott Olson/Getty Images",0
4213, Top Trump Surrogate BRUTALLY Stabs Him In The Back: ‘He’s Pathetic’ (VIDEO),"It s looking as though Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump is losing support even from within his own ranks. You know things are getting bad when even your top surrogates start turning against you, which is exactly what just happened on Fox News when Newt Gingrich called Trump  pathetic. Gingrich knows that Trump needs to keep his focus on Hillary Clinton if he even remotely wants to have a chance at defeating her. However, Trump has hurt feelings because many Republicans don t support his sexual assault against women have turned against him, including House Speaker Paul Ryan (R-WI). So, that has made Trump lash out as his own party.Gingrich said on Fox News: Look, first of all, let me just say about Trump, who I admire and I ve tried to help as much as I can. There s a big Trump and a little Trump. The little Trump is frankly pathetic. I mean, he s mad over not getting a phone call? Trump s referring to the fact that Paul Ryan didn t call to congratulate him after the debate. Probably because he didn t win despite what Trump s ego tells him.Gingrich also added: Donald Trump has one opponent. Her name is Hillary Clinton. Her name is not Paul Ryan. It s not anybody else. Trump doesn t seem to realize that the person he should be mad at is himself because he truly is his own worst enemy. This will ultimately lead to his defeat and he will have no one to blame but himself.Watch here via Politico:Featured Photo by Joe Raedle/Getty Images",0
4214," On Their Anniversary, Bill Writes Hillary A Love Note; The Right FLIPS Out","Bill and Hillary Clinton have been married for 41 years today. Obviously, their marriage has had its public ups and downs, but unlike about half of all Americans (and Donald Trump, who s been married three times and has proudly cheated on all of his wives), they have stuck it out.Bill took to Twitter to send his wife a love note of sorts:41 years ago I married my best friend and the finest changemaker I ve ever known. And yes, I m still in awe of her!  Bill Clinton (@billclinton) October 11, 2016Of course, 41 isn t exactly a milestone anniversary, and Hillary is a bit busy, so she hasn t tweeted back yet, but last year, they had an adorable exchange.40 years ago, I married the cute guy from the library. Happy anniversary, @billclinton you ve still got it! -H pic.twitter.com/H6AaXAKdek  Hillary Clinton (@HillaryClinton) October 11, 2015Seems like only yesterday  pic.twitter.com/WbEkNvExYI  Bill Clinton (@billclinton) October 11, 2015Conservatives, of course, can t stand the idea that the Clintons have a real marriage   one that has withstood the test of time.@billclinton Where s the word  love ?  Susan Reaney (@SSReaney) October 11, 2016Well, Susan, perhaps the word  love  is said multiple times a day, in private. Or, perhaps it s not said at all. Marriages based on friendships are not unusual, and often, they are the strongest marriages of all. In other words, it s none of your business.Some got their talking points directly from Trump.@bethrenaldi @billclinton @HillaryClinton Happy rapist to both of you, enjoy your day  SM (@enominepatris) October 11, 2016@billclinton rapist  Horror-hay (@HELlCOPTERS) October 11, 2016@GAMERIGAME @HELlCOPTERS @billclinton He admitted it, how could you be so gullible. Bill is a rapist  SM (@enominepatris) October 11, 2016@billclinton if she loves you back she would let you use cigars  Rumplestiltskin (@Jasonschear) October 11, 2016@billclinton pic.twitter.com/1ljAIv8wvl  Ragdollaero (@ragdollaero) October 11, 2016@billclinton pic.twitter.com/mkimXIDr3Z  Ragdollaero (@ragdollaero) October 11, 2016@billclinton pic.twitter.com/PDxGL5nQhd  Ragdollaero (@ragdollaero) October 11, 2016It s not that conservatives are defending monogamy. If they were, they would never vote for Trump. They honestly don t care if a man cheats on a woman. They re fine with Donald cheating on Melania. Their only objection is if the woman in the marriage is strong and has her own ambitions.Featured image via Win McNamee/Getty Images.",0
4215, BREAKING: Michelle Obama HAMMERS Trump’s Behavior Towards Women In Tearful Condemnation,"While holding back tears in Manchester, New Hampshire on Thursday, First Lady Michelle Obama addressed the sexual assault bombshells that have been raining down upon the Republican nominee for nearly a week now.Mrs. Obama has mostly tried to refrain from commenting on Trump s sexual misconduct towards and remarks about women, but she felt she could no longer hold back. She roundly condemned Trump and explained how his remarks make him totally unfit to be president. The fact is that in this election, we have a candidate for President of the United States who, over the course of his lifetime and the course of this campaign has said things about women that are so shocking, so demeaning, I simply will not repeat anything here today. And last week, we saw this candidate actually bragging about sexually assaulting women. And I can t believe that I m saying that. A candidate for president of the United States has bragged about sexually assaulting women, and I have to tell you that I can t stop thinking about this. It has shaken me to my core in a way that I couldn t have predicted,  she continued, telling the audience that she can t  pretend  that everything is normal because it would be  dishonest and disingenuous for me to move on to the next thing like this was all just a bad dream. This is not something we can ignore. It s not something we can sweep under the rug as just another disturbing footnote in a sad election season. Because this was not just a lewd conversation. This wasn t locker room banter. This was a powerful individual speaking freely and openly about sexually predatory behavior. And actually bragging about kissing and groping women. Using language so obscene that many of us are worried about our children hearing it when we turn on the TV. To make matters worse, it now seems very clear this isn t an isolated incident. It s one of countless examples of how he has treated women his whole life.And  have to tell you that I listened to all this. And I feel it so personally. And I m sure that many of you do too, particularly the women. The shameful comments about our bodies. The disrespect of our ambitions and intellect. The belief that you can do anything you want to a woman. It is cruel. It is frightening. And the truth is, it hurts. It hurts. Unlike many Republicans who think otherwise, Michelle Obama made it clear that Trump is NOT a role model for children and urged parents to protect their kids by voting against Trump on Election Day. In our hearts we all know that if we let Hillary s opponent win the election, then we are sending a clear message to our kids that everything they re seeing and hearing is perfectly okay. We are validating it, we are endorsing it. We are telling our sons that it is okay to humiliate women, telling our daughters that this is how we deserve to be treated, that bigotry and bullying are perfectly acceptable. Is that we want for our children? Let s be very clear, strong men, men who are truly role models don t need to put down women to make themselves feel powerful. Here s the full speech via YouTube.Donald Trump is a disgrace to this country and our values. And it looks like only the American people can stop him, because Republicans are too cowardly to strip Trump of the nomination and admit that they were wrong to make him the leader of their party. This national nightmare needs to be put to an end once and for all and the only way to do that is to defeat Trump by a landslide in November.Featured Image via screenshot",0
4216, Pennsylvania Church Demonstrates How To Deal With A Child-Molesting Pastor,"While many churches defend pastors who have raped or molested children in their congregations, a church in Pennsylvania is showing them what doing the right thing looks like.35-year-old youth pastor Wesley Ryan Blackburn is currently in jail waiting to be tried on  84 felony counts of statutory sexual assault, 84 misdemeanor counts of indecent assault and one felony count of corruption of minors,  according to The Tribune-Democrat.Blackburn worked at Faith Brethren Bible Church in New Paris until last week when he admitted to his wife and state troopers that he impregnated a 15-year-old girl who was a member of the youth group he was teaching.The so-called  man of God  admitted his crimes to his wife after she confronted him about his misconduct. He then told her he didn t love her anymore and demanded a divorce.Blackburn s wife immediately called pastor James Espenshade and told him about her husband s misconduct with the teen girl.But unlike other churches that have stood by pastors who commit sex crimes, the Faith Brethren Bible Church did the right thing and straight up fired Blackburn and called the police. We didn t even care what he had to say,  Espenshade told WAJC.  We don t tolerate this kind of stuff   it s inappropriate, it s reprehensible. There was never a discussion of anything else. We had to do what was right. Police questioned Blackburn while he was packing up his office and he was arrested and charged.The way this church handled Blackburn stands in sharp contrast to the way Columbia Road Baptist Church in North Olmsted, Ohio handled a similar situation.When youth pastor Brian Mitchell, a married man with three kids, was arrested and sentenced to ten years in prison for raping a teen girl, the church not only didn t fire him after discovering inappropriate texts he had been sending her, they continued to stand by him even after he went to prison by blaming the victim and demanding that she apologize to Mitchell s wife.Like Mitchell, Blackburn will probably receive a similar sentence. But Faith Brethren Bible Church deserves praise for calling the police upon learning of Blackburn s misconduct and for immediately terminating his employment. They also deserve praise for not blaming the teenage victim for Blackburn s actions. This is the way churches should handle these situations, but sadly, far too many of them do not.Featured image via Wikimedia",0
4217," Watch Joe Biden Tells Us EXACTLY What Trump Is, BRILLIANTLY Rips Him From End To End (VIDEO)","With more and more coming out about Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump, it s become abundantly clear that he in no way should be allowed near the Oval Office.Between his racism, sexism, Islamophobia, insulting disabled people as well as Gold Star families, and now the leaked Access Hollywood footage which is leading to women everywhere to reveal they ve been sexually assaulted by Trump, he s not fit to lead anything.Appearing on Late Night with Seth Meyers Vice President Joe Biden laid it all out on the table and told Seth, as well as the world, why Donald Trump isn t fit to lead as well as how absolutely horrible he is to women.Biden said: First of all, what I found astounding, is that he would so publicly, no matter who he was talking to, that he would acknowledge that he engaged in the textbook definition of sexual assault. He didn t say, you know,  I go up and I ask if, I just go up and grab and I can do this    and then I see in the paper today, one of the pageants, I guess Miss Teen America, the teen girls, I guess three, four, five in a room, they were getting dressed, they were naked, he walked in and said  don t worry girls, I ve seen all this    he stood there. I mean, this is absolutely outrageous behavior. Biden then drives the point home: I ve spent most of my career trying to figure out how to begin to change the culture in this country   that we treat women with respect and with dignity. And Biden truly has with his  It s On Us campaign which is leading the effort to combat sexual assault nationwide.What Donald Trump has done to women isn t only outrageous, it s illegal. Unwanted sexual advances is the definition of sexual assault, and Trump needs to be held accountable for his actions.Watch the video here: He engaged in the textbook definition of sexual assault   A stunned Joe Biden on the Trump tape: pic.twitter.com/O9u6rP3AsH  Kyle Griffin (@kylegriffin1) October 13, 2016Featured image via video screen capture",0
4218," Trump TERRIFIED Of Losing, Now He’s Even Running Away From Sean Hannity (DETAILS)","On Thursday morning, Donald Trump did the unthinkable: he canceled an interview with one of his biggest cheerleaders, Sean Hannity. Trump had been scheduled to appear on the Fox host s show Thursday night, but a spokeswoman for the network says The Donald will not be showing up.This announcement comes in the wake of  Pussygate    Trump s mid-90 s admission that he loves that he can get away with grabbing women  by the pussy  because he s rich   as well as revelations that he barged into dressing rooms to creep on models (some as young as 15 years old), his admission that he thought Paris Hilton was hot when she was 12, audio of him hitting on a 10-year-old surfacing, and his upcoming child rape case.Apparently Mr. Trump doesn t think even Sean Hannity   a joke of a man who has done nothing but pitch underhand to Trump the entire election season  can find kid gloves to fit this situation.Things are not looking good for Trump lately, with his poll numbers in a nosedive since everyone learned about his  special handshake.  While it is gratifying to see the Republican Party and even some of Trump s formerly vocal supporters running away from him, it is frightening that it is only happening now. The GOP is fine with Islamophobia, racism, his open courting of white supremacists, his constant attack on women because of their looks and weight, his desire to build a wall to keep brown people out of the country, Muslim concentration camps, his incessant remarks about banging his daughter, the child rape allegations, and his love of well-done steaks. At one point it seemed like Trump was right when he said he could shoot someone and not lose a single supporter.Apparently, groping was the line.Featured image via Getty Images/Joe Raedle",0
4219, WATCH: Anderson Cooper Leaves Trump Supporter DUMBFOUNDED For Hypocrisy On Sexual Assault,"Trump mouthpiece Jeffrey Lord got his a** handed to him by Anderson Cooper on Wednesday night for once again bringing up Juanita Broaddrick in response to sexual assault allegations against the Republican nominee.During the segment, Cooper and the panel were discussing the women who have come forward to tell their stories about how Donald Trump groped them when Lord interrupted to complain that the women didn t talk about Jaunita Broaddrick and her accusations against Bill Clinton, even though Broaddrick has nothing to do with Trump s own behavior.Lord called the women s accusations into question, but Cooper was quick to drop the hammer on his hypocrisy. Why do you believe Juanita Broaddrick and not these two women,  Cooper asked, leaving a dumbfounded Lord to claim that the media isn t giving Clinton s accusers an  equal forum. But Clinton s accusers have no bearing on this election because Bill Clinton is not running for president, as other panelists reminded Lord. Furthermore, Bill Clinton was never charged with committing any crimes. Juanita Broaddrick filed a sworn affidavit stating that the rape allegations against Clinton are untrue. And these accusations against Clinton are 20 years old and have received a ton of media coverage over the years, especially during Clinton s presidency. The allegations against Trump, meanwhile, are new and haven t received near as much coverage.But Lord whined that the New York Times hasn t interviewed Broaddrick and then brought up a ridiculous anecdotal claim about meeting a couple from Virginia who supposedly think the media the treating Trump unfairly.When it became clear that Lord and Trump s other surrogates were not going to win this fight they resorted to calling Hillary Clinton an  enabler  of Bill Clinton behavior who supposedly bullied the women accusing Bill of sexual misconduct.But the other panelists would have none of it and proceeded to smack them down.Here s the video via YouTube:[ad3media campaign= 1136 ]The accusations against Bill Clinton have nothing to do with this election. Hillary Clinton is running for president, not her husband. Trump, on the other hand, IS running for president and the allegations against him are new and should be covered by the media.Donald Trump is unfit to be president and the fact that his supporters have to resort to bringing up Bill Clinton and his accusers in a lame effort to distract from that proves it.Featured Image: Screenshot",0
4220, Former Trump Exec Drops Bombshell About Why He Should Never Be President (VIDEO),"As droves of women come forward to tell of the horrifying sexual, predatory attacks they ve endured at the hands of Republican nominee Donald Trump, another testimony is making headlines   and it comes from a longtime Trump Organization executive.Barbara Res worked for Trump for 18 years as an executive vice president and senior vice president, and became well-known because Trump would often mention her whenever he was accused of being a misogynist. As expected, her recollection of Trump says otherwise.In an interview on CNN, Res told Alisyn Camerota that she was not only supporting Democratic nominee Hillary Clinton, but gave Americans a brutal lesson about why  supreme sexist  Trump should not be allowed anywhere near the White House. Res was brutal in her criticism, and every word she spoke was true. She held nothing back as she trashed her former boss: First of all, everyone knows he has no experience. I mean, the idea that he would be president is just ridiculous. I have other developers I worked for who were just as smart or smarter than he was, and I wouldn t vote for them for president, either. Res argued that all presidential candidates before Trump have at least some grasp of how government and the world works, as well as some experience under their belt. Res says this is the exact opposite of what has happened with Trump: The way he shows himself, he doesn t seem to know basic civics. Then, she drops a major truth bomb on voters, telling them the terrifying things she s learned about Trump while working for him. She said: The worst thing about Trump, and the reason not to vote for him for president, is his temperament. He flies off the handle, he attacks viciously   it s like shooting someone and having a nuclear bomb come back at you. He s vindictive, and he s dishonest.He always was dishonest, all the time I worked with him. We never knew when he was telling the truth or when he wasn t   and I don t think that that s what we need in a president. You can listen to Res warn America about Trump below:Former Trump executive: The worst thing about Trump, and the reason not to vote for him, is his temperament. https://t.co/kCwtELmC3c  New Day (@NewDay) October 13, 2016In another interview, Res has tackled the recent evidence that Trump is a misogynist. Res addressed the leaked audio tape where Trump made lewd comments about sexually assaulting women and told Olivia Nuzzi of The Daily Beast: I had never heard him say  p*ssy  before. I heard him say  f*ck  a million times. The way he said it I just grab it I was shocked at that, and then you know, when I took the time to put it into context, I said, yeah, that s right. He s terribly sexist. He s a womanizer for sure. He hired me for a specific reason: Because I was really good. And he told me, and he believed this, that women had to work harder and be smarter and were willing to work harder than men, and that s what he wanted, and he had a couple of women working for him   Men are better than women,  he said,  but a good woman is better than 10 men.  I think he thought I would take it as a compliment, and I think it was intended as a compliment. Res  words couldn t have come at a better time. The truth about Trump is starting to become louder, and we hope America is listening.Featured image is a screenshot",0
4221, Liberty University Students SHRED Jerry Falwell Jr: Trump ‘Does Not Have Our Support’,"Liberty University President Jerry Falwell Jr. still supports Donald Trump even after the recently released video showing the reality show star turned GOP presidential nominee bragging about sexually assaulting women. However, students at the evangelical university aren t following Falwell in lockstep.A strongly worded statement was issued Wednesday by the group Liberty United Against Trump which denounces Falwell for his continued support of the Republican candidate on the heels of Trump s lewd and predatory remarks about women in the 1995 video, according to The Washington Post. We are Liberty students who are disappointed with President Falwell s endorsement and are tired of being associated with one of the worst presidential candidates in American history,  the statement reads.  Donald Trump does not represent our values and we want nothing to do with him.   He has made his name by maligning others and bragging about his sins. Not only is Donald Trump a bad candidate for president, he is actively promoting the very things that we as Christians ought to oppose. Jesus said  Judge not, lest ye be judged.  Falwell wrote in an op-ed for The Post in January.  Let s stop trying to choose the political leaders who we believe are the most godly because, in reality, only God knows people s hearts. You and I don t, and we are all sinners. Students at the university felt compelled to respond to Falwell s unwavering support for Trump. Because our president has led the world to believe that Liberty University supports Donald Trump, we students must take it upon ourselves to make clear that Donald Trump is absolutely opposed to what we believe, and does not have our support,  the students said.  We are not proclaiming our opposition to Donald Trump out of bitterness, but out of a desire to regain the integrity of our school. Falwell criticized the students opposing his support for Trump, writing in part,  This student statement seems to ignore the teachings of Jesus not to judge others but they are young and still learning. The students disagree.  Jesus tells a story in the Bible about a man who tries to remove a speck of dust from his brother s eye, while he has a log stuck in his own,  the statement reads.  You hypocrite,  Jesus says,  first take the log out of your own eye, and then you will see clearly to take the speck out of your brother s eye. Dustin Wahl, a junior at Liberty, told the paper that more than 250 students, alumni and faculty have left signatures of support to protest Falwell s endorsement of the GOP nominee. Since the most recent sexual assault thing, we realized this is a time we can all get behind this and say  enough is enough.  We do not support our president in his endorsement of Trump and we want the world to know because he s giving Liberty University a bad name,  Wahl told The Post.  It makes it seem like we re about populist politics when we re about the gospel of Jesus Christ. This is about gaining the integrity of our school. This is an effort to say Liberty is not Trump university. Falwell thinks Trump is a  changed man.  The problem with his mindset is that Trump has not changed since 1995. Since then, he s gone on to call women slobs, pigs, dogs and launched attacks on former Miss Universe Alicia Machado.You can read the full statement from the students here.Photo by Joe Raedle via Getty. ",0
4222, ‘Big Bang Theory’ Actor Tears Trump To PIECES (TWEETS),"When Donald Trump boldly declared that he had been released from the  shackles  of the GOP (that was him shackled?) Star Trek and Big Bang Theory actor Wil Wheaton just couldn t resist. It began with a one-word, yet oh-so-beautiful tweet:""shackles""  Wil SCREAMton (@wilw) October 11, 2016Then, of course, Wheaton moved on to the defining moment of Trump s campaign: the revelation that he spends a lot of time grabbing women by their p*ssies:Oh you're gonna grab America by the pussy? Or are you gonna punch it in the face? Or not pay any taxes to support it? Please, do tell. https://t.co/51Pn40hZpq  Wil SCREAMton (@wilw) October 11, 2016And his numerous, numerous bankruptcies:Oh wait! Maybe he's going to suck as much money out of America as he can, then declare bankruptcy so everyone else suffers for it.  Wil SCREAMton (@wilw) October 11, 2016Then came the boom:Does anyone really believe Voldetrump has been ""shackled"" until now? They don't even make shackles small enough for his tiny little hands.  Wil SCREAMton (@wilw) October 11, 2016Donald Trump is terrible. If Americans vote him into office next month, we will have a President who:On top of that, he s a bully with thin, orange skin who wants to build a wall to keep brown people out of the country, lock up Muslims in what can only be described as concentration camps (after forcing them to register in a national database and wear special little badges like Hitler made the Jews wear), and who is unfit to be President in every sense of the word.Democrats have traditionally had issues getting to the polls on election day, even during presidential elections. Make sure that doesn t happen this time. The stakes are too high.Featured image via Reddit/Getty Images(Joe Raedle)",0
4223, Trump Is Trying To MUZZLE His Sexual Assault Victims In The Most Ludicrous Way Imaginable,"Yesterday, The New York Times ran a story in which they gave moving accounts of two women who say that Donald Trump sexually assaulted them. Trump maintains that his boasts about being allowed to assault women because he s got star power were just words, and that he s never done such a thing. In a sorry attempt to maintain the illusion that he s a good person, Trump has had his lawyers send the Times an official cease-and-desist, claiming the story amounts to libel.The strange thing is that the bulk of this letter appears to be directed at the women that the Times spoke to than it is to the Times itself: [Y]ou apparently performed an entirely inadequate investigation to test the veracity of these false and malicious allegations, including why these two individuals waited, in one case, 11 years, and, in another case, more than three decades, before deciding to come forward with these false and defamatory statements. And there it is. Assassinating the characters of the victims by saying that, if they d really been assaulted sexually, they d have come forward right away, is a very typical ploy for those trying to defend themselves against such allegations. But there s still nothing in there about what, specifically, is false in the Times  story and how they know the Times knowingly published a false story.Trump s victims could all find their names and characters dragged through the mud because of this, and make no mistake, he will do that as loudly as he can. The fear of having that happen, and of not being believed, keeps many sexual assault victims from coming forward.And that could easily be why Trump is doing this. However, his method appears to be two-fold: In addition to intimidating and bullying his victims, he s also intimidating and bullying press outlets. The hope there would be that they won t give a voice to any more of his victims out of fear of getting sued.This isn t the only absurdity in the letter, but it is the most damning, given its possible intent. The letter also makes it political instead of naming specific falsehoods, which is outright ridiculous if this is a serious cease-and-desist: Your article is reckless, defamatory and constitutes libel per se. It is apparent from, among other things, the timing of the article, that it is nothing more than a politically-motivated effort to defeat Mr. Trump s candidacy Clearly, The New York Times is willing to provide a platform to anyone wishing to smear Mr. Trump s name and reputation prior to the election irrespective of whether the alleged statements have any basis in fact. Really? That s a hell of a thing to say in a cease-and-desist. The letter itself is politically motivated   it s actually quite difficult to believe that an actual lawyer wrote this baloney. Here s what a strong cease-and-desist letter should contain, and this is a template of a decent cease-and-desist. This idiocy meets none of the conditions it needs to.CNNMoney reports that Trump has also threatened the Palm Beach Post for publishing a separate story from yet another victim. Besides that, the Trump campaign told Times reporter Megan Twohey that he would sue if they published the story. She received her own letter yesterday afternoon and was called a  disgusting human being. A lawsuit against the Times would uncover everything and probably sink Trump entirely, because these allegations are the tip of the iceberg. He knows that. But, if nothing else, the discovery phase of this would be interesting.You can read the letter in full here:BREAKING: Trump demands retraction from @nytimes, threatens lawsuit.https://t.co/GBwomM7tgA pic.twitter.com/Htm9uaEsne  Christina Wilkie (@christinawilkie) October 13, 2016Featured image via Scott Olson/Getty Images",0
4224, Trump Assaults Writer Covering His Anniversary: ‘He Was Forcing His Tongue Down My Throat’,"Natasha Stoynoff, a writer who covered Donald Trump for People, just published a shocking account of sexual assault at the hands of the real estate mogul turned presidential contender.Her disturbing account was published by the same magazine who assigned her to the Trump beat ten years ago. Stoynoff writes that in 2005 she went to Trump s Mar-a-Lago estate in Florida to cover his one year anniversary with Melania. Our photo team shot the Trumps on the lush grounds of their Florida estate, and I interviewed them about how happy their first year of marriage had been. When we took a break for the then very-pregnant Melania to go upstairs and change wardrobe for more photos, Donald wanted to show me around the mansion. There was one  tremendous  room in particular, he said, that I just had to see. I just start kissing them,  he said to Billy Bush.  It s like a magnet. Just kiss. I don t even wait. And when you re a star, they let you do it. You can do anything.' We walked into that room alone, and Trump shut the door behind us. I turned around, and within seconds, he was pushing me against the wall, and forcing his tongue down my throat. Stoynoff describes how the assault affected her and compares his actions during that closed-door encounter a decade ago to what he said on the bombshell tape from Access Hollywood that has rocked his campaign. He may have claimed at the debate that this was just  locker room talk  and he had never actually assaulted a woman in this way, but he did to Stoynoff exactly what he bragged about to Billy Bush, he  just started kissing her,  consent be damned. I m not sure what locker room talk consists of these days. I only know that I wasn t in a locker room when he pushed me against a wall. I was in his home, as a professional, and his beautiful pregnant wife was just upstairs,  Stoynoff concluded.  Talk is talk. But it wasn t just talk in my case, it was very much action. And, just for the record, Mr. Trump, I did not consent,  she added.At least three other women have come forward this week to say that they were sexually assaulted by Donald Trump. A tape of him leering at a 10-year-old girl and talking about how he would  be dating her in 10 years  has also surfaced.Featured image via Jessica Kourkounis/Getty Images",0
4225, Close Trump Ally Just ADMITTED He Communicates With Wikileaks,"Trump s supporters, and some in the press, believe that if it wasn t for Trump being a disgusting sexual predator, Hillary Clinton would have been done when Wikileaks released a bunch of emails from her campaign. However, an aide to Hillary, John Podesta, has made an interesting connection, too. One of Trump s close allies, Roger Stone, communicates with Wikileaks.And Stone has just admitted to it. I do have a back-channel communication with Assange, because we have a good mutual friend,  Stone told CBS4 News [Miami] Wednesday evening.  That friend travels back and forth from the United States to London and we talk. I had dinner with him last Monday.' He claims he doesn t have direct communication with Assange, though, and he insists he has nothing to do with their email dump. Democrats and U.S. officials believe that Wikileaks might be working with Russia on this, which wouldn t be surprising since they hacked the DNC over the summer and are showing interest in trying to rig our election.Podesta has also accused Stone of having advance knowledge of what was going to be in Wikileaks  email dump   an accusation that Stone flatly denies: I have a back-channel communications with WikiLeaks,  Stone told NBC News.  But they certainly don t clear or tell me in advance what they re going to do.' What s the point of the communication, then? Given what Wikileaks is busy doing trying to expose Hillary as corrupt, which could tilt the election in Trump s favor it s not really all that difficult to imagine that this  back-channel communication  is actually collusion directly between Stone and Assange.In fact, back in August, Stone said he was in direct communication with Assange and that they were actively working to bring down Hillary s campaign. Speaking to the Southwest Broward Republican Organization, Stone referred directly to the so-called  October surprise,  saying, according to Mediaite: Well, it could be any number of things. I actually have communicated with Assange. I believe the next tranche of his documents pertain to the Clinton Foundation but there s no telling what the October surprise may be. Lately, it seems that everything anyone involved with Trump tries to do to bring Hillary and the Democrats down backfires. If Stone communicates with Wikileaks, that implicates the Trump campaign. He s admitted to back-channel communication. He has said he s spoken to Assange, although he denies it now. This won t look good for Trump s already faltering campaign.Featured image via Ben Jackson/Getty Images for SiriusXM",0
4226, WATCH: Anderson Cooper STUPEFIES Trump’s Campaign Manager With A Preschool Math Lesson,"Following a horribly disastrous weekend for Donald Trump, his campaign manager, Kellyanne Conway, seems to have found her feet again. She s back on the airwaves trying to tear down Hillary Clinton in her usual desperate attempts to deflect attention away from her lord and savior s terrible character. In doing so, she brought up Hillary s poll numbers with Anderson Cooper, and the conversation is just absurd:KELLYANNE CONWAY: Well, I think Hillary Clinton s been depressing Democratic turnout. My goodness, why is this woman at 46 percent? She s like the magic 46. She s 46 percent in the new NBC News Wall Street Journal poll, she s 46 percent in a lot of the swing states  COOPER: She s ahead of your candidate, though.CONWAY: Pardon me? Well, Anderson, she s running as the first female president who has a sitting president and First Lady much more popular than she ll ever be. She s got a  COOPER: Your candidate is below 40 percent.CONWAY: Is that a question? You re asking me about  COOPER: Well, you re saying 46 percent is bad, but 37 percent is worse.CONWAY: You asked me about Hillary Clinton. You asked me if I thought   right, one need not be a pollster to know that.Pardon us while we clear our ears and rapidly blink our eyes to be sure we heard what we think we heard. How on earth does an experienced pollster like Conway bring up her deity s opponent s poll numbers as though they re terrible when Trump s are considerably worse? How does she not know how math works?How does a presidential campaign manager go on national television and make that much of a fool of herself?It s both hilarious and sad that Cooper had to give her a math lesson that s so basic pre-schoolers already know it. Watch below:Conway is actually a perfect match for Trump because she s just like him. She gives non-answers to questions, and when the conversation starts heading over towards facts, she gets upset, and even throws a fit if she can t turn it around. Case in point: Speaking on CNN again today, she tried to deflect, deflect, deflect by saying Trump bragging about sexual assault happened 10 to 15 years ago. Then, like a good little Trumpkin, she brought up Bill Clinton s affairs and accusations of sexual assault (which were never proven) which were even longer ago.And she called Trump a gentleman. Har de har har. Don t make us laugh too hard   it hurts.That she needed a math lesson in order to keep a conversation on track is laughable, at best. She might fancy herself a spin master, but the media s patience with her and her spin is wearing very thin.Featured image via screen capture from embedded video",0
4227, Rush Limbaugh: Lack Of Consent Is Just An Excuse Leftists Use To Vilify Rapists (AUDIO),"Nobody with any brains has ever accused Rush Limbaugh of understanding pretty much anything at all, but his latest bout with doltishness just went way over the line, even for him. While whining up a storm about decaying sexual morality in this country, he tried to paint the left as hypocrites because we tolerate anything sexual as long as there s consent. When there s no consent, we send out the rape police, and apparently, this is a problem.Have you ever heard anything so completely asinine in your life? What people do in their bedrooms is their business, but all bets are off when there s no consent. Sex must be consensual or it s rape. End of story. However, Limbaugh actually sees that as evidence of major hypocrisy when it comes to Trump s damning  hot mic  moment, where he admitted to sexually assaulting women. He said: You know what the magic word, the only thing that matters in American sexual mores today is? One thing. You can do anything, the left will promote and understand and tolerate anything, as long as there is one element. Do you know what it is? Consent. If there is consent on both or all three or all four, however many are involved in the sex act, it s perfectly fine. Whatever it is. But if the left ever senses and smells that there s no consent in part of the equation then here come the rape police. But consent is the magic key to the left. Listen to this vile, pathetic, diseased beer turd of a man below, because holy shit:Of course, this is also the man that said we would legalize rape if we could because we d just call it the Civil Rights Act of 2016. That s kind of odd, though, considering Limbaugh is now jumping on us for sending out  the rape police  whenever we see instances of rape.When he brought this up, he was discussing bathroom bills intended to keep transgender people out of the bathrooms that correspond with their identities: Now [civil rights] is being expanded. Civil rights, gay marriage; civil rights, transgender bathroom rights; civil rights, whatever the left wants. Except over here, rape has become a safety issue. Sexual assault is a safety issue, but only when we re talking about people that Limbaugh and his loyal fans hate. It s  just words  when Donald Trump brags about actually doing it.Put another way, these people are terrified of sexual predators posing as transgender people and invading women s public restrooms, despite the fact that there s no evidence this happens. However, their lord and savior, Donald Trump, can brag about actually assaulting women and he s  just saying words.  No concern for the safety of women who encounter him at all.Hypocrisy? Nobody s being hypocritical except the Trump-supporting right. And if Limbaugh can t understand what consent is, and how lack of consent literally means sexual assault and rape, then it s going to take an iron crowbar to beat it into his brain.Featured image via Bill Pugliano/Getty Images",0
4228, SICKENING: Donald Trump Actually Hit On A 10-Year-Old Girl (VIDEO),"Donald Trump is a sexual predator, and more and more evidence of that fact keeps surfacing. It seems that the hot mic tape of the lewd conversation between Trump and then-Access Hollywood host Billy Bush was just the tip of the iceberg. There have also been women who have come forward to say that Trump groped them inappropriately, and now there is video footage of Trump literally making sexually suggestive remarks about a 10-year-old girl. This occurred at a Christmas event in Trump Tower years ago, in 1992, when Trump was 46 years old. During the event, aired on Entertainment Tonight, Trump inquired of the little girl if she was  going up the escalator.  He then said, unabashedly and live on air: I am going to be dating her in 10 years. Can you believe it? This is just beyond creepy. Donald Trump needs to be investigated. We have a sexual predator as a major party presidential nominee, and nothing is being done about his behavior by the authorities. Granted, we do have statues of limitations and all of that, but this is just insane. This more than  locker room talk,  as Trump put it at the second presidential debate. No, this is predatory behavior, and it is becoming more and more apparent that Trump regularly engages in inappropriate behavior   even with pre-pubescent children. If the GOP doesn t disavow Trump after this, the entire nation will know that they tolerate literal pedophilia in their ranks. Watch the disturbing comments below:Here's Trump, then 46 yrs old, saying in 1992 that ""I'm going to be dating her in 10 years"" while referring to a young girl. Via CBS News pic.twitter.com/w2zCH6SdR1  Jim Dalrymple II (@JimDalrympleII) October 12, 2016Featured image via Ethan Miller/Getty Images",0
4229," Trump’s Deplorables Freak Out, Demand We Repeal Women’s Right To Vote (TWEETS)","Women now have even more of a reason to vote overwhelmingly against Trump and the GOP on November 8th.On Tuesday, FiveThirtyEight s Nate Silver released a graphic showing that if only men voted Trump would win 350 electoral votes to Hillary s 188, thus becoming president. On the other hand, if only women voted, Hillary would win by an even bigger landslide 458 to 80.Here s what the map would look line if only women voted: https://t.co/sjVY67qouE pic.twitter.com/rrc3GuXmGl  Nate Silver (@NateSilver538) October 11, 2016And here s if just dudes voted. pic.twitter.com/HjqJzIVwc4  Nate Silver (@NateSilver538) October 11, 2016Of course, this news immediately sent conservative Trump supporters into a rage and now they are calling for repealing the 19th Amendment to guarantee that only men can vote so that Democrats can never again win the presidency.#RepealThe19thHERE S WHY =>THESE BRAINWASHED DUMB SLUTBAGS CAN VOTE & DECIDE THE FUTURE OF THIS COUNTRY:https://t.co/jnNXAvxIX1   #AnudaPussycaust  (@LibertySlap) October 12, 2016Female suffrage coincides w/ a ballooning of the State, openness to mass 3rd world immigration, & accelerated social decay. #repealthe19th   Aberrant Harpooner  (@CruisingGallows) October 12, 2016Repeal it. Men who have a family & own property should be the only ones allowed to vote anyway #repealthe19th  Deplorable American (@SkinheadNeoNazi) October 12, 2016To prevent the US from becoming Brazil. #RepealThe19th pic.twitter.com/QQVd3Qre7O  Ad Benedict ? (@AdBen_) October 12, 2016Women s suffrage is a force of chaos and destruction. Civilization will collapse under female/POC coalition#Repealthe19th https://t.co/dvn5rR43qK  Contrarian Gent (@ContrarianGent) October 12, 2016Give out nice enough handbags and most broads would gladly trade their voting rights for one. #repealthe19th  Michael Maier (@mmaier2112) October 12, 2016#RepealThe19th and fight our cultural suicide  }]) ([{ (@MSI_SATORI) September 30, 2016If women are truly childish enough to not vote for Trump since he thought Miss Universe needed to stay in shape, #RepealThe19th.#KellyFile   L  C s  T s (@MrJohnQZombie) September 29, 2016Women reacting to @HillaryClinton with tears, exaggerated  you go girl  cheers, &c. is a solid argument for why we need to #RepealThe19th.   L  C s  T s (@MrJohnQZombie) September 27, 2016This is why we need to repeal and not replace the 19th amendment. #RepealThe19th https://t.co/bV4WnbgQ2H  David McCall (@WoodrowMelkin) October 12, 2016@NateSilver538 Women are not fit for politics. #RepealThe19th  Reichsf hrer Pepe (@smugpepe1488) October 11, 2016@emmaroller men should never have given women the right to vote #RepealThe19th  Haunted Holly ? ? (@HollyAnswers) October 11, 2016@bells8911 @villainial #RepealThe19th  Deplorable #13300472 (@2000RavensD) September 15, 2016This is how unhinged Trump voters are and why it is even more important now than ever before that women exercise their right to vote. Because if Trump and his conservative supporters have their way, women will lose it.Featured Image: The Progressive Redneck",0
4230, Teen BRUTALLY Hits Back At Trump And His Sexual-Assault Supporting Fans With Epic T-Shirt,"Trump rallies are not for the meek. They re for the racist, misogynistic violent dregs of society   and they re for the super brave who oppose them and who may well get beaten up for having the gall to attend. 18-year old Anna Lehane took a chance, though, and attended an Oct. 10 rally while wearing a deliberately inflammatory t-shirt.It didn t say  Black Lives Matter,  which is what both of her friends wore. Her shirt read this: Grab my pussy. I dare you. Now that Trump rally is over, here is picture of this bold young protester s message pic.twitter.com/ZCnCHWTqBQ  Trip Gabriel (@tripgabriel) October 11, 2016That is a bold message, particularly for a young woman at a Trump rally. She told The Huffington Post: I made the shirt as a protest to people in the public spotlight on such a global platform making such disrespectful, degrading and misogynistic comments and still being taken seriously. It s patently disgusting that Trump is even still in the running for President, and still has the following he does, after we learned that he brags about sexually harassing and assaulting women. It s exposed a fundamental and sickening flaw in right-wing culture in the U.S.Some are questioning the foolhardiness of such a t-shirt. If Lehane had gotten grabbed, no doubt many would blame her for inviting it with that t-shirt. And she did get a lot of lewd comments about it from what she called  creepy old men  at the rally.Then there s this guy, on Twitter, who basically said something similar to what a lot of white people say about black people protesting police brutality   there s a time, a place and an appropriate way to make a statement. That comes from discomfort with the message, and is intended to silence. Nonetheless:@tripgabriel @MarkRosner3 That isn t brave. It s vulgar and stupid.  Jason M. Kates (@JasonMKates) October 11, 2016@Shapunkin The shirt is vulgar. There s no arguing that. It s stupid to wear vulgarity. I suppose some stupid people would argue that.  Jason M. Kates (@JasonMKates) October 11, 2016Newsflash: Protesting is supposed to be disruptive and scary. It s supposed to make us uncomfortable. Otherwise the message is totally lost. That s why did Lehane did it: I felt disillusioned then with the opinions of [Trump] and any woman who supports him,  Lehane tells ELLE.com over the phone,  You can t control how I vote by grabbing my whatever. The fact that I m a woman doesn t mean that I m easily influenced or controllable or someone who shouldn t be taken seriously.' Indeed, women aren t being taken seriously with this. Many of us have come forward with our own, painful stories of harassment and assault something we shouldn t have to do to be heard and still gotten slapped down as though we don t matter. When we stand up for ourselves in light of Trump s sexual assault boasts, we re told everything from,  That s boys being boys; you re being too sensitive,  to  This is why progressives lose,  to  Other issues matter much more than this,  to  You need to understand that they were just words.  And so much more.Please.Wearing that kind of a shirt at a Trump rally is brave. You can t make a point, and drive home a message, when you do it the way other people want you to do it. Lehane seems to know that, which is why she did what she did.Featured image via screen capture from embedded tweet ",0
4231," Trump EXPLODES Because Paul Ryan Won’t Defend Him, Launches INSANE Attack (VIDEO)","Donald Trump has been having a meltdown like nothing we ve ever seen in politics. Ever since top Republicans have distanced themselves from him over his lewd remarks about grabbing women  by their p*ssy , Trump can barely control his outbursts. He s not only going after Democratic rival Hillary Clinton, he s even attacking his own party now!At the top of Trump s sh*t list is House Speaker Paul Ryan, who finally found his conscience and was so disgusted with Trump s misogynistic comments that he has stopped campaigning for Trump altogether, opting to focus down-ballot instead.Unable to admit that sexually assaulting women is wrong, Trump is taking out all his anger on Ryan and trashing him every chance he gets. At his rally in Florida on Wednesday, Trump threw Ryan under the bus and accused him of being part of a  sinister deal  to help Clinton get into the White House.Shouting until he got red in the face, Trump shared his latest insane conspiracy theory with his supporters, who soaked up every word of it. Trump yelled: You think that they would say,  Great going, Don, let s go. Let s beat this crook. She s a crook. Let s beat her. We got to stop her.  He doesn t do that.  A little later in the rally, Trump continued to say   There s a whole sinister deal going on  between Ryan and Clinton. You can watch this ridiculous footage below:[ad3media campaign= 1123 ]This recent attack on Ryan comes after an epic tweetstorm that Trump launched against the GOP, slamming his own party and Ryan for being appalled about his disrespectful comments about women. While it s about time that Ryan stopped helping and defending Trump, the House Speaker still hasn t pulled his endorsement. Perhaps after Trump attacks him a few more times, Ryan will be done with Trump for good.Featured image via Joe Raedle / Getty Images",0
4232, Eric Trump Sent Fundraising Email Showing Trump Winning–There’s Just One Problem,"The Donald Trump presidential campaign is in trouble. He s behind in the polls, by as much as double digits, and many of his donors are asking for their money back. It s crisis time, so naturally, they are asking for more money. Trump s middle son Eric signed his name to the latest fundraising campaign, and it includes a map showing Trump winning by a landslide with this message: As one of the most dedicated grassroots leaders in the country you know, momentum matters,  the email, sent on behalf of the Trump campaign, reads.  And right now all the momentum is on our side. We re making huge gains against Crooked Hillary that you can see for yourself. There s just one problem.The map comes from FiveThirtyEight.com s Nate Silver. Nate rarely screws up, so why does this map show Trump winning nearly every state?Because that map is a part of a little experiment. It doesn t show momentum, as the Trump campaign is trying to tell us. It is a map of how the election would look if only men voted. While that might be a dream of the Trump camp, more than half the electorate are women. Here s that map if only women voted:Here s what the map would look line if only women voted: https://t.co/sjVY67qouE pic.twitter.com/rrc3GuXmGl  Nate Silver (@NateSilver538) October 11, 2016The United States of Women vs. The United States of Menhttps://t.co/F455bP3D8I pic.twitter.com/qjr6zLh640  538 politics (@538politics) October 12, 2016This is the actual electoral map, which gives Trump just a 13.8 percent chance of winning, and voting has already started in some states.Clinton lead now up to 6.5 points  27 days to go and voting underway in many states. https://t.co/WLXtJodIzD pic.twitter.com/GPmyueqczL  Nate Silver (@NateSilver538) October 12, 2016Twitter, naturally, was brutal.#SNL was right. Eric is the dumb one. #NeverTrump #ImWithHer https://t.co/o4qQf8STlT  LifeStories (@LifeStories91) October 12, 2016#MAGA by going back to pre-19th-Amendment days, eh, @EricTrump? #DumpTrump #LikeFatherLikeSonhttps://t.co/7oGXVkQDMA  Amir Beshay (@Amir_G_Beshay) October 12, 2016Eric Trump s latest projection map shows election results and a HUGE #Trump victory   if women were not voting in 2016. https://t.co/sPyCIrTYC9  Bob Segall (@BobSegallWTHR) October 12, 2016Eric Trump tweeted his electoral map to TRY to illustrate the power of men, when all it did was illustrate the power of women.  Anson Ling (@ns0n) October 12, 2016Except like women have been able to vote for 90+ years, except that. #GetInFormation https://t.co/4CTf1FP6EJ  Celestia (@ginjasnappy) October 12, 2016Shame about that 19th Amendment, @EricTrump, but good luck with this strategy, asshat. https://t.co/DjhyWRB2eD  thereseodell (@thereseodell) October 12, 2016Guys hear me out here: it s very possible @EricTrump has NO IDEA that women can vote. https://t.co/EuTRbYlNys  Heather Reid (@hkreid) October 12, 2016Perhaps pre-suffrage is the America Trump wants to take us back to, but at a time when the campaign is under fire for the way the GOP candidate treats women, this email was either really stupid or the campaign has no desire to get the women s vote, and no desire to win. Featured image via Joe Raedle/Getty Images",0
4233, LeBron James Has Some CHOICE Words For Trump’s ‘Locker Room Talk’ And It’s BRUTAL (VIDEO),"Ever since the leaked tape of Donald Trump s hot mic before appearing on Access Hollywood revealing he has sexually assaulted women, many have been weighing in on what the candidate is calling  locker room talk. Trump apparently thinks that it is perfectly fine to talk about being sexually aggressive towards women without their consent, and also apparently thinks that this is what men talk about in locker rooms.Well, one man who spends a lot of time in locker rooms is speaking up and calling out Trump, and that person is none other than the legendary NBA champ LeBron James.James told reporters what actually goes on in locker rooms, which usually has a lot to do with what happened during the game. He also said: That s not locker room talk. That s trash talk. Emphasizing the fact that he has many women in his life, as well as children, and wouldn t want that sort of talk around them, nor does he think it is okay.Good on James for speaking out against Trump and his crude and horrific talk. Hopefully, this becomes a trend, and more and more athletes take a stand against the reality television host.Trump shouldn t be allowed near women, let alone the Oval Office. Remember to vote BLUE this November 8th.Watch the video here:LeBron weighs in on Donald Trump:  That s not locker room talk. That s trash talk.  (via @H_Grove) pic.twitter.com/bXqXRewsNo  Bleacher Report (@BleacherReport) October 12, 2016Featured image via video screen capture",0
4234, Giuliani Gets Caught Lying About Not Seeing Hillary In NYC In Response To 9/11,"If Rudy Giuliani is going to continue bringing up 9/11, he should at least have the common decency to not lie about what happened that day and in the aftermath.After all, thousands of pictures were taken that day and in the days after in addition to hundreds of videos. So one would think Giuliani would know better than to blatantly lie.But that s exactly what he did during a rally in Florida on Wednesday in support of serial groper Donald Trump. Don t tell me if you said that you remember September 11, 2001,  Giuliani said in reference to Hillary talking about being in the city.  I remember September 11, 2001. Yes, yes, you helped to get benefits for the people who were injured that day. But I heard her say that she was there that day. I was there that day, I don t remember seeing Hillary Clinton there. That was like when she said she had to run through gunfire. That turned out to be, what do we call it? A lie. But don t tell me that you subscribe to the notion that all of us who were there on September 11, and we re lucky to have been alive and lost so many friends. I lost so many friends on September 11, I think about it every day. Don t tell me you belong to our very, very tight group of  never forget.  Don t tell me that. Here s the video via Twitter.Rudy Giuliani:  I was there  on 9/11,  I don t remember seeing Hillary Clinton there.  https://t.co/iRB09cQ8eH  ABC News Politics (@ABCPolitics) October 12, 2016Hillary Clinton was serving her first year as a United States Senator representing New York at the time the planes hit the Twin Towers on 9/11. She was in Washington D.C. heading to the Senate when evacuations were underway.The next day, Hillary went to New York City to stand in solidarity with Giuliani and Governor George Pataki, both Republicans, and tour the devastation.As for Giuliani never seeing Hillary, a single photo makes everything pretty damn clear as my colleague Oliver Willis pointed out On Twitter. I don t remember seeing Hillary Clinton  on 9/11   Rudy Giuliani, just now. Look to your left, Rudy. pic.twitter.com/zJbVFMDhuf  Oliver Willis (@owillis) October 12, 2016 Look to the left,  indeed.It s completely unfair for Republicans to pretend that they were the only ones who went through 9/11. The fact is that the entire country went through it, even if they were not physically there. Besides, Hillary was in our nation s capital that day when terrorists flew a plane into the Pentagon.But, hey, at least Giuliani s memory is improving. Only a few weeks ago he forgot that 9/11 ever happened.Featured Image: Jeff Swensen/Getty Images",0
4235, BREAKING: Donald Trump Walked Into Dressing Rooms To Look At Naked Miss Teen USA Contestants,"Not only is Donald Trump an admitted serial groper and adulterer, he s a bonafide pervert who likes looking at nude underage teen girls.In 2005, Trump bragged to Billy Bush about how he is able to walk up to women and  grab them by the p*ssy  because he is  a star.  Well, that remark just got even creepier because he bragged to Howard Stern in the same year that he  gets away with  walking into dressing rooms to look at naked Miss Teen USA contestants because he owns the pageant. I ll go backstage and everyone s getting dressed, and everything else, and you know, no men are anywhere, and I m allowed to go in because I m the owner of the pageant and therefore I m inspecting it   Is everyone OK?  You know, they re standing there with no clothes.  Is everybody OK?  And you see these incredible looking women, and so, I sort of get away with things like that. Indeed, so it sounds like Donald Trump only purchased Miss USA, Miss Universe, and Miss Teen USA so that he could have easy access to women and girls and he abused his power in order to violate their privacy.And that s exactly what Trump did according to several women who have come forward to reveal that Trump walked in on them, some of whom were only 15 years old, changing in their dressing room. I remember putting on my dress really quick because I was like,  Oh my god, there s a man in here,  former Miss Vermont Teen USA Mariah Billado told Buzzfeed. Billado even remembers Trump remarking,  Don t worry, ladies, I ve seen it all before. But there s more.According to Buzzfeed,Three other women, who asked to remain anonymous for fear of getting engulfed in a media firestorm, also remembered Trump entering the dressing room while girls were changing. Two of them said the girls rushed to cover their bodies, with one calling it  shocking  and  creepy.  The third said she was clothed and introduced herself to Trump.Seriously, Donald Trump should have been on the sex offender list. He sure as hell shouldn t be the nominee of a major political party for the presidency.But Republicans continue to support Trump despite his lewd comments and predatory behavior. Their wives, daughters, mothers, and sisters must be so proud.Featured Image: Ralph Freso/Getty Images",0
4236, Female GOP Leader RAGE QUITS Over Party’s Support For Trump’s Serial Sexual Assaults,"Another Republican woman is telling the GOP to go f*ck themselves because they still support Donald Trump.Melissa Gesing had hoped that her party would condemn and drop their endorsement of Donald Trump entirely after audio emerged of the Republican nominee bragging about groping women.But after the national leader of the organization she belongs to announced their continuing support of the admitted serial groper, Gesing reached her breaking point.National Federation of Republican Women President Carrie Almond made a statement reaffirming the group s  unified support of Republican Presidential Nominee Donald J. Trump  because  thousands of women from all 50 states, from every walk of life, are steadfast in our very clear understanding that Hillary Clinton does not represent us; not as women, not as Americans. Well, that s not true at all considering Gesing officially and publicly resigned from her position as the president of the Iowa Federation of Republican Women on Tuesday. Since I cannot support Donald J. Trump for President, nor can I advocate for his election, I feel that I cannot adequately fulfill my duties of my position,  Gesing wrote in her resignation letter that she posted on Twitter.  Additionally, I cannot support the National Federation of Republican Women President Carrie Almond s statement that was released yesterday on behalf of Republican women nationally, as I do not support Donald J. Trump This is truly a last resort for me. I cannot in good conscience lead this organization or look at myself in the mirror each morning if I do not take a stand against the racism, sexism, and hate that Donald J. Trump continues to promote. Here s the full letter via Twitter.This is incredibly painful for me to do, and I wish our next #IowaFRW president   whomever that may be   all the best. #NeverTrump pic.twitter.com/iYnUEQoW64  Melissa Gesing (@melissagesing) October 12, 2016Gesing is not the only Republican woman to rebuke Trump this week. In fact, a Wisconsin activist who has always defended Republicans against charges of sexism officially left the party entirely in a series of posts on Twitter that made it clear how disgusted she is by the decision of many Republicans to continue supporting Trump despite his lewd remarks about women. Various men in the movement are writing it off as normal, confirming every stereotype the left has thrown at them,  Marybeth Glenn wrote.  So I m done. I m sooo done. If you can t stand up for women & unendorse this piece of human garbage, you deserve every charge of sexism thrown at you. The Republican Party better be prepared for women to punish them by a landslide on November 8th. Because women are pissed and they WILL remember.Featured Image: Twitter",0
4237, Trump’s GOP Mega Donors Are Demanding A Full Refund,"Now that Donald Trump has shot himself in the foot by picking a fight with the entire Republican Party (after leaked revelations showed him gleefully admitting to sexually assaulting women), the party s mega-donors are demanding Trump give them their money back.According to NBC News, two big-moneyed donors want a refund, and one who raised tens-of-thousands for the candidate wrote the campaign an angry email titled  Trump support withdrawal  and blasted the candidate:I cannot express my disappointment enough regarding the recent events surrounding Mr. Trump. I regret coming to the Trump support event, and in particular allowing my son to be a part of it. I respectfully request that my money be refunded.The donor, who was not identified by NBC, said he was  repulsed  by Trump s comments and that as a father to two daughters preparing to marry, just couldn t support him any longer.The second donor who emailed the campaign (also anonymous) cited the leaked tapes as reasoning behind their buyers remorse, and also demanded they be reimbursed:I can not (sic) support a sexist man. I have three young children and will not support a crude sexist man. I expect a refund of my donation. Please process immediately and I thank you for your help.A third donor, a mega-bundler who s raised also $1 million for Trump, said that he will cease raising money for Trump cold turkey, but has not (as of yet) asked for the money back.While already struggling to attract the support of the Republican donors, the latest example of buyer s remorse from a slew of mega-fundraisers could spell trouble for the Trump campaign with 3 weeks left in the campaign.Who can blame them? After 16 months of convincing weary Republican donors that he was their guy, his ugly fa ade was peeled back to expose an even more nefarious side that liberals tried to warn them about. The donors were duped, humiliated, and have now had their reputations sullied. No wonder they want their money back.I would feel bad for them except they knew, all along, he was a snake.Featured image via Ethan Miller/Getty Images",0
4238, WATCH: This Is Why Conservative ‘Christians’ REALLY Still Support Serial Molestor Donald Trump,"By his own admission, Donald Trump is a serial groper who cheats on his wife.But that doesn t matter to conservative  Christian  leaders, who seem to be the only ones who still support the Republican nominee.When Trump s grotesque remarks about grabbing women  by the p*ssy  dropped like a bombshell on Friday, Republicans rushed to distance themselves from him. Conservative  Christian  leaders, however, demonstrated that they are true hypocrites by continuing to back Trump.Tony Perkins of the Family Research Council said that his  personal support for Donald Trump has never been based upon shared values.  Ralph Reed of the Faith and Freedom Coalition said that Trump s words  rank very low  is his concerns. Pat Robertson thinks Trump is  macho  for groping women.And now Dave Daubenmire is going even further than those other hypocrites.The Ohio pastor still supports Trump because he would rather put a groper in the White House instead of a woman. Women and men may be equal, but I think it s pretty clear that the Bible teaches us that women should not be in authority over a man,  Daubenmire said. Here s the point I m making. With all that s going on with Trump and everybody screaming and hollering about that, when is the last time your pastor stood up in the pulpit and said,  Hey, listen, we cannot vote for Hillary Clinton because women are not to have authority over men ? If we want to follow the Bible, that would sure be a good place to start, wouldn t it? Rather than worrying so much about the immorality of a sinful man, what about the biblical principle that when a woman rules over a man   it s a sign of judgment of the Lord? Here s the video via YouTube.So let s get this straight. It doesn t matter how many sins Donald Trump commits. It wouldn t even matter if he is the anti-Christ or the devil himself. Conservative  Christian  men like Daubenmire are going to STILL vote for him just because they don t want a woman to be president.That s the real reason why conservatives are still devoted to Trump. It s 2016 and these so-called  men of God  still believe women only belong in a kitchen completely subservient to them. This is the agenda they are hoping to pass under a Trump administration. A total rollback of women s rights to the point where women can t vote and cannot even speak without permission from a man. And this is exactly why women should vote against Republicans by a landslide in November.Featured Image: Screenshot",0
4239, ‘I’m Going To Beat Your Ass!’ Trump Fan Arrested For Threatening Black Woman Just Waiting For A Cab,"A Donald Trump supporter was arrested Monday after threatening to beat a black woman and calling her racial slurs outside a ShopRite store, according to the Albany police. 55-year-old Todd Warnken was told to leave the store after  being disruptive inside,  Albany police spokesman Steve Smith told the Albany Times-Union.Once Warnken left the store, he encountered a black woman who was waiting for a taxi. According to the police, he harassed the woman then proceeded to threaten physical harm.Smith told the paper that Warnken yelled to the woman,  Trump is going to win and if you don t like it I m going to beat your ass,  while using a racial slur. We can only imagine the language he used.Violence at Trump rallies has been well documented. In March, in Tucson, Arizona. A protester at a Trump rally was sucker-punched and kicked by a 32-year-old man. He was arrested on an assault charge. In March, a Trump supporter sucker-punched a black protester at a rally in North Carolina. The Trump supporter said later,  Next time we might have to kill him. It s not just the violence at rallies. A Trump supporter in August was arrested for assaulting his 73-year-old Clinton-supporting wife.The list is endless, but here are two more examples:In March, two Wichita State University students said they were beaten in a convenience store parking lot by a man they said called them  brown trash  and told them  Trump will make America great again. Two brothers in Boston were sentenced to prison in May for beating a homeless Mexican man because they thought he was an undocumented immigrant, telling police Trump  was right  about deporting  all these illegals. There has been an uptick of attacks on Muslims, too. Don t call them deplorable, though, because that hurts their feelings. Donald Trump has called for his supporters to observe voters at the polls in an obvious attempt to intimidate minorities. Trump s favorability with African-Americans polls at a whopping zero percent.As for Warnken, he s been charged with misdemeanor aggravated harassment.Image via Albany Police Department. ",0
4240, WATCH: Obama PERFECTLY Mocks Trump’s Insane Followers That Think He’s A Literal Demon,"Conservative radio show host Alex Jones recently proclaimed that President Obama and Hillary Clinton are really demons, sent by Lucifer himself no doubt. No, he did not mean metaphorically. He meant literally. As proof of their evil origins, Jones claimed that they both smell like  sulphur  and  hell. Apparently, somebody mentioned to this to the president. So, while speaking at an event on the campaign trail for Clinton, Obama decided to give himself a sniff test on Tuesday night, just to check for any suspicious demonic odors. we demonize each other. And I mean that literally, by the way. I was reading the other day, there s a guy on the radio who apparently, Trump s on his show frequently, he said me and Hillary are demons. Said we smell like sulphur. Ain t that somethin ? President Obama then performed his sniff test, smelling his hand as the crowd laughed at the absurdity of Jones  bullsh*t. Now,  the president began before he burst into laughter along with the crowd.  I mean, come on, people! This is what the right wing nut jobs have reduced us to. Our president has to sniff himself to make sure he isn t actually a f*cking demon.This happened. Obama responds to Alex Jones saying he and Hillary are literal demons who smell like sulfur. Then he sniffs himself pic.twitter.com/GSxRsklRDf  Colin Jones (@colinjones) October 11, 2016Featured image via video screen capture",0
4241, Trump’s Campaign CEO LITERALLY Ordered His Minions To Destroy Paul Ryan Months Ago,"Steve Bannon, Trump s campaign CEO who was the editor-in-chief at right-wing rag Breitbart, apparently ordered his staff there to destroy Paul Ryan not too long after Ryan took over Boehner s mantle as Speaker of the House. Some of this revelation comes courtesy of Michelle Fields, the Breitbart reporter who was thrown under the bus after she spoke out about Corey Lewandowski grabbing her.At Breitbart Bannon literally directed folks to destroy Ryan Hes prob so happy rn seeing Ryan too scared to unendorse a campaign hes running  Michelle Fields (@MichelleFields) October 11, 2016For his part, Bannon seemed to have a habit of calling Ryan  the enemy  while on editorial conference calls, and even wrote an email that said: Long game is Ryan gone by spring. This was back in December 2015, and now, Bannon s probably thinking they should step up their game after Ryan refused to campaign with Trump. Compared to Trump and Bannon, Ryan is a paragon of human decency. Like any decent human being, he was sickened by the leaked audio tape of Trump saying his celebrity status allowed him to  grab women by the pussy. Trump himself went nuts on Ryan on Twitter after Ryan condemned him, calling him weak and ineffective. He also slammed the entire Republican Party for not standing by him in what his hour of need? Do alpha males even have those?A former Breitbart employee also confirmed that Bannon used to tear into Paul Ryan all the time. Bannon, apparently, can be at least as crazy as Alex Jones when it comes to conspiracy theories. He had his own conspiracy theory about Ryan s succession to House Speaker: [Bannon] goes on these amazing rants. He thinks Paul Ryan is part of a conspiracy with George Soros and Paul Singer, in which elitists want to bring one world government. It also includes a belief that Ryan  masterminded a failed plot to bring down Trump.  It s difficult to get more crazy than this, but this is the man who is Trump s campaign CEO.Of course, people who are close to both Trump and Bannon are framing this latest feud of butthurt as general anger with the establishment, and nothing more. That seems to be an attempt to distance Trump from all the conspiracy nuts, and might be effective if Trump wasn t a conspiracy nut himself.This is probably why Trump wanted Bannon   they re two peas in the crazy pod. One of these days, these two idiots may actually figure out that they re the problem, and not everyone else. But we shouldn t hold our breath for that. Bannon also said that the campaign  needs to bitch-slap the Republican Party.  If a moment of regret happens, it ll happen years in the future when they re on their deathbeds.Photo of Steve Bannon by Kirk Irwin/Getty Images for SiriusXM. Photo of Paul Ryan by Win McNamee/Getty Images. Images merged by Rika Christensen.",0
4242, This Congressman’s Terrifying Statement PROVES Trump Supporters Are A Dangerous Cult (VIDEO),"For the last year and a half, observers have wondered what Donald Trump would have to say or do in order to shake the confidence of his most diehard supporters.They have stuck with him for almost the entire race, and while there are not enough of them for him to win the election, they provide a definite floor of support for his campaign as well.Congressman Blake Farenthold (R-TX) appeared on MSNBC s All In and gave a jaw-dropping response for the type of behavior he would excuse from Trump.MSNBC s Chris Hayes tested the limits of his allegiance. In an interview Tuesday night, Hayes asked Farenthold if he would continue to support Trump  if a tape came out with Donald Trump saying  I really like to rape women. Farenthold s answer: maybe.The Congressman said  I like to rape women  could be a form of  locker room talk  depending on the  context. Hayes went on to ask Farenthold to elaborate on his answer, and he would only go so far as to say such a statement would  be bad  and that he would  consider  pulling his support.Here s the video:[ad3media campaign= 1118 ]The answer gives yet another real world example of the cult of personality surrounding Trump and his presidential campaign, and the devotion his small but dedicated supporters have to the former reality TV star. Trump himself acknowledged this bubble around his campaign some months ago, when he pointed out that he could shoot someone on Fifth Avenue in New York City and still retain their support.But this devotion is also a major turnoff to everyone outside of the inner circle of support. While progressives have expressed frustration that nothing makes these supporters waver, it also comes off as creepy and strange to those looking in from the outside   just as happens with most cults, like the Church of Scientology or Heaven s Gate or Jim Jones  People s Temple.For a political campaign, it isn t a good look.Featured image via screen capture",0
4243, President Obama To GOP: Decent Human Beings Would Not Stand Behind Trump (VIDEO),"At a Hillary Clinton rally in Greensboro, NC on Tuesday evening, President Obama took the stage to praise his former Secretary of State, but also to address the horrible comments Donald Trump was heard saying on video 11 years ago.In the tapes, Trump was about to appear on Access Hollywood. He was talking to co-host Billy Bush and the rhetoric was both lewd and it described sexual assault. Here s part of it: I ve got to use some Tic Tacs, just in case I start kissing her,  Trump says.  You know I m automatically attracted to beautiful   I just start kissing them. It s like a magnet. Just kiss. I don t even wait. And when you re a star, they let you do it,  Trump says.  You can do anything. Whatever you want,  says another voice, apparently Bush s. Grab them by the p y,  Trump says.  You can do anything. President Obama, like any decent human being, was offended. He is also offended at the paternalistic reaction of Republicans, who tend to be offended, instead of as human beings, as fathers or as husbands.You don t have to be a husband or a father to hear what we heard just a few days ago and say,  that s not right.  You just have to be a decent human being to say,  that s not right,  Obama said at a rally in Greensboro, N.C., for Hillary Clinton.Here s the video:.@POTUS: Don t have to be husband or father to object to Trump comments,  you just have to be a decent human being  https://t.co/GhBJX17w9c  ABC News Politics (@ABCPolitics) October 11, 2016This isn t the first time Obama has spoken out about the video. On Sunday, the President said that Trump couldn t even get a job at 7/11 with his background. The guy says stuff no would find tolerable if you were applying to a job at 7/11,  he said of the Republican presidential nominee. [Trump] doesn t have the temperament or the judgement or the knowledge or apparently the desire to obtain the knowledge or the basic honesty required to be president. That was true before we heard what he said about women. Donald Trump is running for one of the most important jobs in the world. He s not taking it seriously and neither are his supporters. Trump s sense of entitlement was evident long before he admitted to being a sexual predator. Now, let s hope he doesn t do to the nation what he s done to countless women.Featured image via video screen capture. ",0
4244, Republicans Say Trump MUST Stop Pushing This Conspiracy Theory Or People Will Get Hurt,"The Republican civil war is heating up as members of the party have begun an all-out campaign to stop their own presidential nominee from causing harm to the country. That (probably futile) battle is taking shape as Republicans are now asking Trump to stop claiming that the election is  rigged. Somebody claiming in the election,  I was defrauded , that isn t going to cut it,  said former Sen. Kit Bond, a Missouri Republican who earlier in the campaign had endorsed Jeb Bush and then Marco Rubio.  They re going to have to say how, where, why, when. I don t think leading candidates for the presidency should undercut the process unless you have a really good reason,  Sen. Lindsey Graham, the South Carolina Republican who gained little support for his own 2016 White House run, told POLITICO.Like the Trump campaign itself, this is another case of Republicans now being forced to reap what they have sown. For years they have pushed the idea that voter fraud is rampant, when in reality it is almost nonexistent.Now Trump is using those fears   especially of black voters in urban areas   to scare his supporters and set up a reason to wail and cry if he loses the election.In fact, the current polling indicates that Hillary Clinton is favored to win, and in all the swing states key to an election victory she has a far bigger and better funded operation to get out the vote. Trump has tried to create a national political operation on the cheap, preferring to spend money on his own companies rather than invest in a  ground game. As a result, Trump is heavily relying on state parties, who tend to prioritize House and Senate races over the presidential contest, and do not have the kind of money on hand to properly equip a presidential campaign.Featured image via Flickr",0
4245, Trump Made Comedy Central Sorry They Ever Wanted To Roast Him In 2011,"The Comedy Central roasts of celebrities are well known and hilarious, for the most part. While it doesn t look like the roastees know what s going on, and that everything is entirely off-the-cuff, the truth is that there is a lot of preparation ahead of the actual roast. Roastees get some input, even getting to tell the comedy writers what subjects are off-limits for jokes, but, beyond that, they don t dictate very much.And then there s Donald Trump. Putting his roast together seems to have been one long, horrific chore for the Comedy Central team assigned to it. In fact, that roast is perhaps some of the strongest evidence we ve got that Trump is unconscionably thin-skinned, and will continue to be after the election. Roastees for the Comedy Central roasts know what s involved. They know they re going to be skewered. If they don t like the idea, they don t have to do it.It makes us want to look at Trump and say,  DUH!  At Comedy Central, Trump apparently wanted to dictate everything, all the way down to the level of beauty in the women who were to escort him on stage. According to the stage manager: The proposed woman [who would take his coat onstage], Trump said, was  not somebody he wanted to be associated with at that moment,  Ferkle recalled.  In other words, she was not pretty enough. To appease Trump, Comedy Central moved the actress elsewhere on the stage, Ferkle said. The show went on. That s fairly typical Trumpian misogyny, so not all that surprising. What s perhaps more surprising were the other ways that Trump drove the staff up the wall. For instance, he was apparently giving the show s writers and producers hell over whether jokes about his hair were allowed. The lead writer, Ray James, tried working with Trump on why hair jokes were a necessary part of the roast. Trump resisted, because of course he did: I had to explain to him why he needed to have some jokes about his own hair. I said,  You have to own it. If you have a great hair joke, you will be impervious to hair jokes.' Instead, Trump kept nixing the hair jokes, and wanted to replace one of them with a simple,  Look how great [my hair] looks. Because that s just hilarious. But perhaps the most annoying thing was that the writers had to draft multiple rebuttals for Trump. The rebuttal comes at the end of the roast, when the roastee gets up and turns it all back on his or her roasters. Trump was returning scripts marked up entirely with black Sharpies, including blacking out punchlines.Nobody blacks out punchlines, according to the roast s producers and writers. One writer, Jesse Joyce, said: I have done this a long time and nobody blacks out punchlines. [Scrapping punchlines represents] a classic lack of an understanding of how a joke works. And Trump couldn t be consistent about his edits (if, indeed, they can be called that), either. He took out some opportunities to be crass while wallowing in others. He also changed some of the jokes from  funny  to  not funny;  again, showing a fundamental unwillingness to even try and understand what was being put before him: Trump made a few lackluster attempts at cracking wise. He changed a joke meant to slam [Seth] MacFarlane from:  The only way you ll ever draw a crowd is with a pencil.  Trump s revision:  The only crowd you ll attract is flies.' He also wanted to roast the entire dais at once by, well, being entirely himself. How this is even a joke is beyond us, since everything he does is to feel superior to everyone on the planet: Their [sic] all losers and I like associating with loser because it makes me feel even better about myself. It got to the point where Ray James just wanted to destroy Trump in any way possible: I begged any writer to get on board,  James said.  Let s write jokes about this guy having a small cock.   I wanted to destroy this man and expose him as having a tiny penis because that will hurt him more than any jokes about his family or orange skin.' That didn t work. Furthermore, given the fact that Trump just had to talk about his penis size in response to Rubio s jab about his tiny hands during a televised debate, it s likely the dick jokes probably wouldn t have made it in anyway. If they had, he probably would have lost it up onstage.The entire roast was classic Trump. He sat on the stage with a tight smile, not really responding, much the same way he did at the 2011 White House correspondents dinner when Obama roasted him. Despite knowing what was coming, he couldn t take anyone making fun of him and probably relished trying to hurt them back.Comedy Central s president sees the roast as prophetic of what s happening today: It is impossible to not see how absurd the whole thing is. If you go back and watch the roast, there re probably a lot of oddly prophetic things being said that are relevant today. But just the idea that someone who did a Comedy Central Roast [is] a major party [nominee] for president is pretty shocking. Especially when that person couldn t handle being criticized, teased, or otherwise treated as anything other than the god he thinks he is.Featured image by Andrew H. Walker/Getty Images",0
4246, Hillary SHUTS DOWN Trump Supporters Calling Her Husband A Rapist At Rally (VIDEO),"Ever since Donald Trump got exposed through an audio tape leak for bragging about how he sexually assaults women, Trump supporters have been sticking up for their favorite misogynist more than ever.Following in the Republican nominee s footsteps, their only defense against the truth in those tapes is to put blame on Democratic presidential candidate Hillary Clinton s husband, former President Bill Clinton, for the rape allegations against him.Hillary is taking this all in stride, and is completely shutting down any Trump lovers who dare hijack her rallies and distract voters from focusing on moving America forward. During a rally with Al Gore in Florida today, Clinton s talk on climate change was interrupted by Trump supporters who were yelling about her husband being a rapist. Here s a video of one such supporter, who obviously refuses to acknowledge the fact that his own candidate has several rape cases against him, one involving a minor. For 2nd day in a row, a protester has interrupted HRC by yelling:  Bill Clinton is a rapist.  Today in Miami, holding WJC image  RAPE  sign: pic.twitter.com/vq1aWilbFs  Monica Alba (@albamonica) October 11, 2016Another clip of footage reveals a Trump supporter doing the same thing, and Hillary s supporters rush to drown him out as he is removed from the venue. Hillary handled the whole thing like a pro, and laughed as she urged everyone to  focus on the issues that matter. You can watch Clinton shut down this unfortunate Trump supporter below:Protester in a shirt with @billclinton s face and the word  rape  escorted from @HillaryClinton rally pic.twitter.com/XwBCxJYcf1  POLITICO (@politico) October 10, 2016TwitterBy the way, these Trump supporters aren t actually going to Hillary s rallies and disrupting them because they truly care about justice for sexual assault victims, or believe Trump is more innocent than Bill Clinton. They re doing it because radio host Alex Jones is offering to give anyone who can get on camera and call Bill Clinton a rapist $5,000. So basically, these people are just trying to get paid   much like Trump himself.On the upside, it looks like Hillary can t be rattled by anything Trump and his pathetic Trump supporters do at this point!Featured image via Joe Raedle / Getty Images",0
4247, BUSTED: Trump Fired A Woman For Saying THIS In His Boardroom (VIDEO),"Donald Trump thinks he should be president despite bragging about sexually assaulting women by grabbing them  by the p*ssy.  But he once fired a woman for saying something far less inflammatory in his boardroom.During the final moments of an episode of Celebrity Apprentice in 2010, Trump listened as professional wrestler, Maria Kanellis, blasted chef Curtis Stone for using her dressing room to take a  crap. The reason why I said you were so arrogant was because you came in our dressing room and you took a crap and left the stench in the room,  Kanellis said while seated in the boardroom facing Trump as his son, Donald Jr., looked on.Even though his behavior was completely inappropriate, Stone and Trump focused on Kanellis using the word  crap,  calling it  a little below the belt.  Trump also called her use of the word  disgusting  and  gross  before firing her for using locker room talk. This is my boardroom, it s not a locker room. Maria, you re fired. Here s the video via Twitter:Donald Trump in 2010:  This is my boardroom. It's not a locker room. Maria, you re fired.   \_( )_/  pic.twitter.com/UlsP9Xjg7F  The Daily Show (@TheDailyShow) October 10, 2016As you can see, this is prime example of Trump s hypocrisy. Ever since audio of his outrageous remarks about groping women came to light on Friday, Trump and his team have been writing the remarks off as mere  locker room talk  that should have no bearing on the election.But unlike the celebrities in the boardroom, Donald Trump is trying to gain the highest office in the United States, so his remarks, especially his use of the word  p*ssy,  should absolutely be held against him. They reveal his lack of character and how he treats women, whereas saying the word  crap  is pretty damn harmless in comparison.Donald Trump literally fired Kanellis for saying  crap  in his own boardroom, but he thinks he should be hired by the American people as the new president, despite using a worse word to describe how he sexually assaults women. Trump is nothing more than a misogynist who holds women to a standard that he can t follow himself. Firing a woman for saying a word instead of firing the man who took a shit in her dressing room, uninvited, proves that Trump will not be able to treat women fairly in the White House, and that he would let male employees get away with bad behavior towards them.This is not the kind of person we need leading our country.Featured Image: Ethan Miller/Getty Images",0
4248, BOMBSHELL: Trump Called ‘The Apprentice’ Sound Guy A ‘F***ing Monkey’ Over And Over (DETAILS),"A microphone guy who worked on The Apprentice just came forward to tell the world that Donald Trump often referred to him as a  f*cking monkey. According to Buzzfeed News, the sound engineer is white, but he wanted his story to be heard without his name being released, because apparently, Trump was quite a monster to him and to many others, including to women whom he sexually harassed.He told Buzzfeed: Micing him was honestly the most abusive, humiliating, experience of my fifteen years as a sound engineer. He treated me like I wasn t a human being. In fact, there were several times Trump would refer to him as a  f*cking monkey.  Trump would say: Woah, woah woah, who s this fucking monkey? As well as: I m not gonna let this fucking monkey touch me unless he washes his hands. Then he would be monitored by Trump s assistant to make sure he went and washed his hands.He also told Buzzfeed: Trump just kept calling me a  f*cking monkey  over and over. I ve mic d everyone from Ben Affleck to Ren e Zellweger, and never, ever in my career have I run into something like that. Apparently, working for him was pretty much one of the worst gigs in town. He was a monster to many, many people, including several women he would sexually harass. And after listening to Trump on the released Access Hollywood tapes, that is very, very easy to believe.Trump is not a person who should be allowed anywhere near the Oval Office. He s a racist and misogynistic egomaniac who seems to have a short temper while having none of the required experience to be leader of the free world.Something tells me there will be more and more of these stories coming out as we get closer to election day, and hopefully, it will be the icing on the cake to make sure he s never, ever elected president.Featured Photo by Amanda Edwards/Getty Images",0
4249, ‘Apprentice’ Contestants Reveal MORE Shocking Info About How Trump Treats Women (VIDEO/TWEETS),"After the 2005 audio tape of Republican nominee, Donald Trump, making lewd comments about sexually assaulting women, there s been a lot of buzz about the existence of even more incriminating Trump footage from The Apprentice.While no tapes have been released yet, The Hollywood Reporter interviewed several Apprentice contestants who were more than willing to spill the beans on what behavior they saw from Trump during their time on the reality TV show   and it s not good.According to a camera operator, the comments that Trump made on that leaked audio tape are an exact representation of who Trump is   something Trump himself denied during the second presidential debate. The camera operator said that while Trump was a host on the show, the business mogul would regularly make women feel uncomfortable with what he called  borderline sexual misconduct  and blatant sexism. The camera operator said: It was more a creepy feeling you felt when he was around on set. The way he looked at you or would be dismissive to all the female producers and only deal with Mark Burnett   he was just an overall assh*le who thought of himself as very important. Another contestant said that Trump would objectify his female contestants, only remarking on their appearance. He would also demean them and speak to them as if they were children, which was very different from how Trump treated the men on his show: When we first started shooting and there were still a lot of contestants and you don t necessarily know all their names well, he definitely would describe the girls by their bodies and their physical attributes. Marshawn Evans, a former contestant, further explained: If you were in the middle of the discussion or talking about the merits of why you won or lost, sometimes you would be interrupted with a compliment or something that had to do with your physical attributes. That happened pretty much every single time you re in the boardroom. And it wasn t just contestants that were targeted. Trump also disrespected female crew members. According to one source: We would not necessarily send the girl camera crews to do the close-up stuff just because it was always weird. I know one of our camera operators would get uncomfortable. I found out from her after the fact that he was saying things to her. Dr. Randal Pinkett, who was the 2005 Apprentice winner, has also spoken out against Trump to confirm that he is absolutely a misogynist and racist. He said: It was not uncommon on the set of  The Apprentice  for Donald to make public comments about women s looks, about who he would sleep with or who he would ask others would they sleep with. It was demeaning, disrespectful, almost reprehensible behavior for a professional environment. He has been divisive, he has been sexist, he has been misogynist, he s been racist. This is not, in my opinion, the leader that we need for our country at this time. You can watch Pinkett s interview below:2005 Apprentice winner @randalpinkett speaks out about sexual harassment on the set of @realDonaldTrump s reality show. #ReleasetheTapes pic.twitter.com/ElXq6cHEUV  MoveOn.org (@MoveOn) October 11, 2016Just by the looks of what s happening on social media, Trump is having an AWFUL week!TwitterTwitterTwitterTwitterHe only has himself to thank for this.Featured image is a screenshot",0
4250," In Unprecedented Endorsement, Non-Partisan Humane Society Has BRUTAL Words For Trump (VIDEO)","The Humane Society of the United States pretty much never weighs into politics, unless, of course, it s about an issue that directly affects animals. This is no normal election, though, and after a series of pictures in which Donald Trump s sons gleefully show their murdered animal  trophies,  and after seeing Trump s potential nominees, the animal rights group had to weigh in, calling Trump a  threat to animals everywhere. The next president will have an enormous impact over animal protection in this country for the next four to eight years, and the stakes are high with policy decisions overseen by the U.S. Department of Agriculture, U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service, National Park Service, Bureau of Land Management, National Institutes of Health, and other executive agencies. When you consider the potential for advancing animal welfare reforms at the federal level, or rolling back the recent gains and rulemaking actions, there could not be a greater contrast among the White House hopefuls. One ticket has a clear, compelling record of support for animal protection, while the other has assembled a team of advisors and financial supporters tied in with trophy hunting, puppy mills, factory farming, horse slaughter, and other abusive industries. The names that Trump s campaign has floated for engagement on Interior and Agriculture department issues are a  who s who  of zealous anti-animal welfare activists.The photos of Trump s trophy hunting sons were bad enough. The pictures show the two men with their trophy kills, which include Cape buffalo, waterbuck, a leopard and even an elephant tail. African elephants and leopards are nearly extinct. The group compared the two to Walter Palmer, the dentist who shot Cecil the lion.This might just be symbolic, but Donald Jr. has been floated as possible Interior Secretary.The risk of having a globe-trotting trophy hunter at or near the helm at Interior, or having the ear of the President, should be a terrifying prospect for any animal advocate. The administration is responsible not only for policies involving hundreds of millions of acres of federal lands, but also wildlife law enforcement, international treaties on trade and conservation, and import policies for wild animal parts and trophies.They also note several other potential cabinet members, including oil tycoon Forrest Lucas, who is anti-animal welfare. For Secretary of Agriculture, Trump has mentioned pork farmer Bruce Rastetter, who is known for building the very same pig gestation crates that the state of New Jersey tried to ban and Trump surrogate Chris Christie vetoed the bill.Several other possible candidates also worry the Humane Society, but they are very favorable toward Hillary Clinton.While Trump has advocates for trophy hunting, puppy mills, factory farming, and horse slaughter on his side, Hillary Clinton has a strong record of taking a stand against many of these issues. She published an animal welfare statement on her campaign website, noting that  [t]he way our society treats animals is a reflection of our humanity.  Clinton highlights the humane issues she plans to tackle as President, as well as her strong record on animal protection in the U.S. Senate and as Secretary of State. She pledges to crack down on abuses such as wildlife trafficking, puppy mills, and horse slaughter, and to support a federal anti-cruelty statute and more humane treatment of farm animals.It s not just who he advocates that makes Trump so dangerous for animals, it s also what he advocates, and that is the near total elimination of regulations. One of Trump s least favorite regulatory agencies is the Food and Drug Administration, which he laughs at, because they regulate dog food. The strong implication is that Trump doesn t care about any animals, not even pets. The Humane Society is right. He is a threat to animals everywhere, even the two legged kind.Featured image via Win McNamee/Getty Images.",0
4251, BREAKING: Mike Pence SHUTS DOWN Crazy Trump Supporter For Threatening Hillary (VIDEO),"Throughout the course of Donald Trump s campaign for the presidency, he s been stoking fears around the nation. His goal seems to be to lead through fear and if he can get enough people to believe the lies that he tells, they ll fall in line behind him to be their leader and protector.All of that is absolute poppycock because Trump wouldn t know how to protect you from a falling feather, let alone understand what it takes to be leader of the free world.Now, appearing at Trump s running-mate Mike Pence s campaign event on Tuesday, a Trump supporter brought up Trump s myth of  voter fraud.  Which is that if he loses, it s because Hillary cheated, not at all because he s a horrible human being.Ironically, the only voter fraud currently being perpetrated is by Republicans trying to suppress the vote.However, this woman in the audience, with fear and horror in her voice, brought up the  voter fraud  Trump often talks about. The woman said she s  ready for a revolution because we can t have [Hillary] in. When Pence heard that he stopped the woman in her tracks and said,  don t say that.  And good on him for doing so. Pence then reiterated that the revolution needs to happen is at the voting booth on November 8th. Which, in all honesty, is an incredibly accurate and thoughtful response.Pence seems to understand that democracy isn t claiming the other side won because they cheated, but rather getting out the vote so that your side wins.That being said, Hillary Clinton is about to kick Trump s ass this November and it s because more people will want her over a racist a**hole who admits to sexual assault.Watch the video here: Woman:  If Hillary Clinton gets in I m ready for a revolution, b/c we can t have her in Pence:  Don t say that  https://t.co/P5OrJBGW55  Bradd Jaffy (@BraddJaffy) October 11, 2016Featured image via video screen capture",0
4252," Eric Trump: ‘Alpha Personalities’ Brag About Sexual Assault, It’s Just What They Do","Eric Trump, one of Donald Trump s two creepy adult sons, tried on Monday to defend his father s revolting comments about sexually assaulting women. His pathetic excuse? That s just what happens when  alpha  males get together and start talking.The younger Trump followed the narrative that has been put forth by everybody else in his daddy s campaign: It s no big whoop, it s just locker room banter.  And besides, it s the Clintons who we should really be talking about. I think that s Hillary going low,  Eric Trump said on Tuesday.  I think you ve seen that for a long time. If you look at her track record with women, I think you saw that yesterday with some of the people we had sitting at the debate. It s horrible. She ll dig out dirt on someone from 15 years ago when someone is in entertainment. And, listen, my father apologized for it. He was right to apologize for it, and I m glad he apologized for it,  he continued.  At the same time, if you look at her track record with women, it s horrible. It s absolutely horrible. Nevermind the fact that there isn t one shred of evidence that the Clintons were behind the release of the bombshell  p*ssy  tape.Eric added that he was completely  surprised it came out. At the same time, I think it s locker room banter,  he said, repeating his father s description of it.  I think sometimes when guys are together they get carried away, and sometimes that s what happens when alpha personalities are in the same presence. At the same time, I m not saying it s right. It s not the person that he is. So, there s nothing to see here folks. Ignore that my father will soon be sitting before a judge after being accused of raping a 13-year-old child. Forget that he nags out with the likes of proven sexual predators like Jeffery Epstein and Roger Ailes. He s just an  alpha  male and all  alpha  males  brag about sexual assault.Featured image via Joe Raedle/Getty Images",0
4253, Woman Who Defended GOP Against Sexism Charges For Years Just Quit Party With EPIC Twitter Storm,"A longtime Republican activist in Wisconsin is so disgusted by Donald Trump s groping comment and GOP refusal to unendorse him that she just quit the party and ripped them a new one on Twitter.Marybeth Glenn has always defended Republicans against charges of sexism but Donald Trump s remarks about grabbing women  by the p*ssy  are so indefensible that she was disgusted that most Republicans still support him as the nominee.In fact, she is so disgusted that she fired off a series of posts on Twitter blasting the GOP for continuing to endorse  this piece of human garbage.  She then quit the party and said they deserve to be called sexists.Here s the full takedown via Twitter.So let me get this straight: I, a conservative female, have spent years defending the Republican Party against claims of sexism. 1/  Marybeth (@MBGlenn) October 11, 2016When I saw Republican men getting attacked I stood up for them. I came to their defense. I fought on their behalf. 2/  Marybeth (@MBGlenn) October 11, 2016I fought on behalf of a movement I believed in. I fought on behalf of my principles while other women told me I hated my own sex. 3/  Marybeth (@MBGlenn) October 11, 2016Not only charges of sexism, but I defended @marcorubio during Go8, I fought in my state to stop the @ScottWalker recall, etc  Marybeth (@MBGlenn) October 11, 2016Now some Trojan horse nationalist sexual predator invades the @GOP, eating it alive, and you cowards sit this one out? 5/  Marybeth (@MBGlenn) October 11, 2016He treats women like dogs, and you go against everything I   and other female conservatives   said you were & back down like cowards. 6/  Marybeth (@MBGlenn) October 11, 2016Get this straight: We don t need you to stand up for us, YOU needed to stand up for us for YOU. For YOUR dignity. For YOUR reputation. 7/  Marybeth (@MBGlenn) October 11, 2016Jeff Sessions says that he wouldn t  characterize  Trump s unauthorized groping of women as  assault.  Are you kidding me?! 8/  Marybeth (@MBGlenn) October 11, 2016Others try to rebuke his comments, yet STILL choose to vote for a sexual predator   because let s be honest, that s what he is. 9/  Marybeth (@MBGlenn) October 11, 2016 What he said is wrong, and the way he treats women is wrong, but it s not wrong enough for me to not vote for him.  Thanks, cowards. 10/  Marybeth (@MBGlenn) October 11, 2016Various men in the movement are writing it off as normal, confirming every stereotype the left has thrown at them. So I m done. 11/  Marybeth (@MBGlenn) October 11, 2016I m sooo done. If you can t stand up for women & unendorse this piece of human garbage, you deserve every charge of sexism thrown at you. 12  Marybeth (@MBGlenn) October 11, 2016I m just one woman, you won t even notice my lack of presence at rallies, fair booths, etc., You won t really care that I m offended 13/  Marybeth (@MBGlenn) October 11, 2016by your silence, and your inability to take a stand. But one by one you ll watch more women like me go, & you ll watch men of 14/  Marybeth (@MBGlenn) October 11, 2016ACTUAL character follow us out the door. And what you ll be left with are the corrupt masses that foam at the mouth every time you step 15/  Marybeth (@MBGlenn) October 11, 2016Outside the lines. Men who truly see women as lesser beings, & women without self-respect. & your  guiding faith  &  principles  will be 16/  Marybeth (@MBGlenn) October 11, 2016Attached to them as well. And when it s all said and done, all you ll have left is the party The Left always accused you of being. Scum. 17/  Marybeth (@MBGlenn) October 11, 2016CC: @SpeakerRyan @tedcruz @marcorubio @SpeakerRyan @Reince And every other tool refusing to unendorse this monster. 17/X  Marybeth (@MBGlenn) October 11, 2016Over 70 percent of women view Trump unfavorably, and it looks like that number is going to skyrocket only less than a month to go before Election Day. Furthermore, Republicans are in serious jeopardy of losing women voters by historic margins that may take many years to reverse. And they only have themselves to blame.Featured image via Facebook",0
4254, BREAKING: GOP Civil War Kicks Off With A Blast As Trump LOSES HIS SH*T At Paul Ryan (TWEETS),"Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump is in full implosion mode. Ever since a lewd, misogynistic tape of him on an Access Hollywood bus with then-host Billy Bush surfaced on Friday, GOP establishment has been fleeing the Trump Train in an effort to save their own skins in down-ballot races. However, the party leaders   namely House Speaker Paul Ryan   were largely still supportive, even while condemning Trump s indefensible remarks.Well, that all changed on Monday, when Ryan told members of the House Republicans that he would no longer defend nor campaign for his party s toxic nominee, and told down-ballot candidates to do what they have to do to save their own seats in their districts. Trump, never one to be able to let things go when he feels slighted in any way, for any reason, has decided to go into full-blown war mode against his own party s establishment. Trump took to Twitter to blast them all, and it is still happening as we speak. Here s his big  f**k you  to Paul Ryan and all the rest:Despite winning the second debate in a landslide (every poll), it is hard to do well when Paul Ryan and others give zero support!  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) October 11, 2016Our very weak and ineffective leader, Paul Ryan, had a bad conference call where his members went wild at his disloyalty.  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) October 11, 2016It is so nice that the shackles have been taken off me and I can now fight for America the way I want to.  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) October 11, 2016Disloyal R's are far more difficult than Crooked Hillary. They come at you from all sides. They don t know how to win   I will teach them!  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) October 11, 2016And there you have it, folks. The Republican Party has literally nominated a crazy man to be in control of America s nuclear arsenal. If you ever doubted that the GOP cares more about their party than they do their country, here s your proof that there is no doubt to be had here. They d rather nominate a lunatic who would end civilization as they know it than see a Democrat in the White House. They created this monster, and now that they ve lost control of him, they have not a clue as to what to do about it.Featured image via Spencer Platt/Getty Images",0
4255, WATCH: ‘The View’ Unanimously Rips Trump A New One For Groping Comments And It’s AMAZING,"The women of The View played the tape of Trump s grotesque remarks about groping women and they unanimously condemned him.The panelists of the show have a wide range of political views from liberal to conservative, but Trump s bragging about grabbing women  by the p*ssy  united them all against the Republican nominee and his campaign on Monday.Sunny Hostin kicked things off by explaining that she talked to a lot of men about Trump s remarks and even asked her husband and 14-year-old football player son if what Trump said is the kind of things men talk about in locker rooms. She said that none of the men she talked to said this is typical locker room talk and her son was  horrified  by what Trump said and confirmed that not even teenage boys talk that way in locker rooms. Men don t talk about sexually assaulting women,  she said.Whoopi Goldberg chimed in by calling Trump s behavior  piggish,  which Joy Behar said  is saying the least. Sara Haines said his remark  turned my stomach  and pointed out that men don t make a move on women by groping them.  It s about power  she continued.Hostin continued by pointing out that what Trump is bragging about is a crime punishable with time behind bars. And she would know since she is a former prosecutor who prosecuted sex crimes. Classic sexual assault,  she said. People go to jail for that. He wants Hillary Clinton to go to jail? Maybe he needs to go to jail for sexually assaulting people. The audience cheered wildly for Hostin s statement, and then Jedediah Bila took her turn. He s talking about it like he was some kid in a locker room,  Bila said.  Yeah, maybe you ll find some stray person in a locker room that s talking like that, but they re not all running for president! They re not all trying to be the leader of the free world, Donald! Goldberg noted that four former presidents, two Democrats and two Republicans have all said that Trump is unfit for the office. Bila then sent a message to Republicans like Paul Ryan who still endorse Trump.  If you don t withdraw your endorsement, you are putting your stamp of approval on this. Here s the video via Huffington Post.If this were any other presidential election in the past, Trump would have been removed or forced to drop out by now. But Republicans are so desperate for power that they don t care how despicable their nominee is. Not only should Trump lose by a landslide in November, but every Republican down the ticket should lose as well. This election needs to send a message to the GOP that they need to change.Featured image via screenshot",0
4256, High-Profile Attorney To Represent Trump’s Alleged Rape Victim In Upcoming Trial (VIDEO),"Donald J. Trump s rape trial will be held on December 16th and the alleged victim will be represented by a high profile attorney. This follows the GOP presidential nominee s leaked  hot mic  video surfacing in which he brags about sexually assaulting women.Casey Anthony was acquitted of murder charges with the help of attorney Cheney Mason and now, he s coming after Trump.The lawsuit alleges that Trump raped a 13-year-old girl at billionaire investor Jeffrey Epstein s Upper East Side mansion in 1994. The alleged victim detailed a  savage sexual attack  stating she was tied to a bed, then Trump is accused of exposing himself and raping her. Trump allegedly  responded by violently striking the victim in the face with his open hand and screaming that he would do whatever he wanted. That sounds remarkably like what Trump said to Billy Bush in the leaked video:  And when you re a star, they let you do it, you can do anything. Grab  em by the pussy. The victim,  Jane Doe,  has tried to file the lawsuit three times. The first suit was dismissed over filing issues and now, another suit  was filed to add a new witness to the complaint, as Newsy notes.By the way, do you know how rare it is to have a witness to a rape?High-Profile Criminal Attorney, Cheney Mason, to Represent Trump Child Rape Victim in Upcoming Trial. pic.twitter.com/KJD0kFMOSA  Mr. Jameson Neat (@MrJamesonNeat) October 11, 2016Trump s attorneys have dismissed the accusations as an attempt to smear the GOP presidential nominee.Last year, Trump said in reference to Mexicans,  I mean somebody s doing it!  Who s doing the raping? But in reality, Republicans are not sending their best people. They re sending pussy grabbers and rapists. We need to shut the GOP down until we  find out what s going on.  We need to build a wall around Trump and make his supporters pay for it.WATCH:Featured image via Joe Burbank-Pool/Getty",0
4257," The Bush Administration Deleted 22 Million Emails, But Trump Won’t Talk About It","Donald Trump loves talking about email scandals, apparently   so then why hasn t he mentioned the millions of emails  lost  by the Bush administration? On April 27, 2007, an estimated five million emails relevant to an ongoing investigation of eight U.S. attorneys being fired were lost. As it turns out that number is closer to 22 million.The New York Times reported:WASHINGTON, April 11   Political advisers to President Bush may have improperly used their Republican National Committee e-mail accounts to conduct official government business, and some communications that are required to be preserved under federal law may be lost as a result, White House officials said Wednesday.Of the 1,000 White House officials with political duties, 22   including Karl Rove, the chief political strategist   have Republican National Committee accounts that are supposed to be used only for campaign-related work.So, while Hillary Clinton has got plenty of attention for emails she lost, the media has  forgotten  about this scandal by the Bush administration. Big surprise, right? It s not like it s relevant, or anything. Condoleezza Rice and Colin Powell also had private email, but we don t talk about that, either. I wonder why? It couldn t have anything to do with the need for ratings, or the need to somehow create a close race between Hillary, who is eminently qualified, and the raging dumpster fire that is Trump, could it?Even more worryingly, many times Cheney s emails were unavailable for weeks at a time, with archives also unavailable. And yet, not a peep from Republicans, and certainly nothing from Donald Trump. It s almost as if, after 30 years of non-scandals failing to go anywhere, they re getting a little bit desperate.Donald Trump, on the other hand, has set the bar lower than ever before when it comes to transparency. He won t release medical records, he won t release tax returns, and he won t reveal his business connections or how he intends to profit from the office of the presidency. His war on the press has made it clear he has no respect for the first amendment or the right to dissent. And his scandals are only just getting started   something tells me investigations of Trump won t be so fruitless.",0
4258," As Trump Collapses, Team Clinton Makes A HUGE New Move To Crush The GOP","Donald Trump s presidential campaign is collapsing, thanks to his poor performance in the presidential debates, a campaign message with limited appeal, and the misogynistic assault comments he made about TV host Nancy O Dell that were released last Friday.Now it seems that groups aligned with Hillary Clinton plan to take advantage of Trump s problems, along with the huge exodus of Republicans who rescinded their support for him over the weekend.Until now, Priorities USA has spent the 2016 election cycle entirely focused on the top of the ticket   getting Clinton elected. The fact that they may use their resources to also promote Democratic candidates in down-ballot races suggests how increasingly confident they are in a Clinton victory.According to a source familiar with the plans, Priorities USA is currently producing television ads to potentially air in Senate contests in North Carolina, Nevada, New Hampshire and Pennsylvania   all competitive races that are also battleground states for the presidential race.Hillary Clinton is relying on Democratic members of Congress to help her enact an agenda and defend President Obama s gains, should she be elected to the office. A so-called  wave  election would go a long way to ensuring that situation be put in place.The last time conditions were similar was in 2008 when President Obama was first elected to the White House. Two years before, Democrats won a ton of seats in the House and Senate which gave them majorities in both bodies. As a result, Democrats were able to get the economic stimulus passed, along with the Affordable Care Act (both without the help of Republicans, who had decided to completely block the Obama agenda, no matter what).Since then Republicans have put in place more so-called  gerrymandered  seats, which are congressional seats whose districts are designed to consistently favor one party over another. Republicans have done this in so many states, it is wildly believed that they have insulated themselves from being dislodged. But not everyone agrees that this majority status lives on forever.Featured image via Flickr",0
4259, Republicans PANICKING After Federal Judge Shuts Down Florida Voter Suppression,"The Trump campaign is self destructing. If things get any worse between now and the election day, Trump could even be bringing down Congress. Republicans are in a panic and the only way out they see is voter suppression.Florida s Governor Rick Scott saw an opportunity when Hurricane Matthew hit. He refused to extend the registration deadline past 5:00 on Monday (seriously, why would the cutoff be a month before the election anyway?). A federal judge put a quick stop to that, calling it  irrational.  The deadline is extended till Tuesday. Quite simply, it is wholly irrational in this instance for Florida to refuse to extend the voter registration deadline when the state already allows the governor to suspend or move the election date due to an unforeseen emergency,  (U.S. District Judge Mark) Walker wrote in a 16-page order.  If aspiring eligible Florida voters are barred from registering to vote, then those voters are stripped of one of our most precious freedoms. Source: TampaBay.comMore than that, Walker called the state s effort to block the vote  unconstitutional. The right to vote is a  precious  and  fundamental  right,  Walker wrote, quoting from an earlier case.It s expected that about 100,000 additional people will be registering between now and the deadline. This is especially bad for Republicans. Clinton is leading the race in Florida by a narrow three points, but between his offensive remarks toward women and the fact that it was revealed that Trump illegally did business with Cuba, his Florida support is quickly fading. Without Florida, Trump is almost assured of losing, while Clinton could still win the election while losing Florida. Those 100,000 people might represent about one percent of the Florida electorate, which might not sound like a lot, but in a race that s that close, in a perennial swing state, that could mean the difference between winning and losing.Featured image via Joe Readle/Getty Images.",0
4260, FACT CHECK: U.S. Intelligence PROVES Trump A Liar – He Knew About Russian Attacks,"Donald Trump seems to be willfully ignorant when it comes to a Russian cyber-security threat. He displayed this once again during the second presidential debate.Trump stated that he didn t know whether there was Russian involvement in regards to hacking and the election, but that s an outright lie. U.S. intelligence has been briefing him on this very subject.According to NBC News: A senior U.S. intelligence official assured NBC News that cybersecurity and the Russian government s attempts to interfere in the 2016 election have been briefed to, and discussed extensively with, both parties  candidates, surrogates and leadership, since mid-August.  To profess not to know at this point is willful misrepresentation,  said the official.  The intelligence community has walked a very thin line in not taking sides, but both candidates have all the information they need to be crystal clear. Thus proving, without a doubt, that Trump either has amnesia or willingly lied during the debate regarding cyber-security and Russia.During the debate Trump professed: I notice, anytime anything wrong happens, they like to say the Russians are   [Hillary Clinton] doesn t know if it s the Russians doing the hacking. Maybe there is no hacking. But they always blame Russia. And the reason they blame Russia because they think they re trying to tarnish me with Russia. I know nothing about Russia. Trump literally brought it back to himself that Hillary talking about Russia s hacking is all about him. He needs to realize that Hillary brought it up to express the very critical point of increasing cyber-security. You know, like an actual leader.In fact, going beyond the intelligence briefings that he is undoubtedly privy to, the U.S. Intelligence community made this statement public for all of us to know: The U.S. Intelligence Community (USIC) is confident that the Russian Government directed the recent compromises of e-mails from U.S. persons and institutions, including from U.S. political organizations. So, this begs the question: Why is Trump either ignoring this issue or trying to protect Russia?Hillary brought up the fact that Trump may have Russian business ties, but we wouldn t know because he won t release his taxes. Trump has already boasted how much he loves Russian President Vladimir Putin, and this blatant lie during the debate definitely seems suspect.In fact, according to the Washington Post: There is strong evidence that Trump s businesses have received significant funding from Russian investors. Most notably, Trump s son Donald Trump Jr. made that very claim at a real estate conference in New York in 2008, saying  Russians make up a pretty disproportionate cross-section of a lot of our assets.  Donald Trump Jr. added,  we see a lot of money pouring in from Russia. Which leads many to believe that Trump s business ties may be the reason for his willful ignorance when it comes to cyber-security and Russia.We would definitely know more if the Republican candidate released his taxes. However, knowing they ll likely be damaging, he ll probably keep those pretty close to his orange chest.Watch this report via NBC News regarding the hacks:Featured Photo by Win McNamee/Getty Images",0
4261," BREAKING: Trump’s Taj Mahal SHUTS DOWN, Thousands Of Jobs Lost (DETAILS)","Donald Trump called the Atlantic City casino that he is so fond of, the Taj Mahal, the  eighth wonder of the world.  Now, the joint is shutting down   likely for good. The shutdown comes after more than 100 days of striking on the part of union workers from the luxury hotel and casino. As negotiations went from difficult to impossible, it became official: there s no going back, and the Taj Mahal is closing.This really isn t surprising, considering that Trump is the king of bankruptcy, and has declared himself bankrupt four times. Despite his own ridiculous record, Trump told the Associated Press with regards to the casino s closing that there was  no reason  for it to close. However, he also says it will cost too much to re-open, so it s done.However, Trump s billionaire buddy, Carl Icahn, who operated the Taj Mahal, just might be using the cold months to do some negotiating in an effort to save the place and re-open it. This is a theory that the union president, Bob McDevitt, is running on. According to McDevitt, the re-opening after renovations and other improvements is a  strong possibility. The Taj Mahal s closing will cost Atlantic City 3,000 jobs, bringing to the total to 11,000 jobs lost as a result of casino closings in the last two years. However, the workers who are on strike seem optimistic, despite the loss of their jobs and many admittedly being in financial trouble with the holidays coming. Tina Condos, who served cocktails at Trump s joint, says: We stood up to a billionaire and told him we wouldn t take it. I hope it gives him pause before he tries to come in and do this to anyone else. We feel like we succeeded here. Rose Hall, who took care of the rooms at the adjoining hotel, says: I gave most of my adult life to this place. I had to pay for health care out of my own pocket, and if you don t think that s expensive, you haven t looked. I lost my fiancee to cancer just when medical insurance came off the table for us.I m angry about what s happened, but I m not sad about what we did. I m at peace with myself. The last word on the situation from the point of view of the union workers  president, Bob McDevitt is that the workers were in the midst of their Popeye moment:  That s all I can stands; I can t stands no more.  For the first time in 30 years, workers stood up to Carl Icahn and made him throw in the towel. Well, good on these workers, and may they find other means of employment soon.Featured image via Bobby Bank/Getty Images",0
4262, Paul Ryan And Trump Go Head-To-Head As GOP Civil War Brews,"It s no secret that House Speaker Paul Ryan only grudgingly accepted Donald Trump as the GOP nominee. After all, Trump has made Ryan s life a living hell for the last year and a half, as he has repeatedly been forced to defend, explain away, and distance himself from Trump s inexcusable behavior in any number of directions. This time, though, it seems that Ryan has had enough.Of course, we re all aware of the extraordinarily lewd tape of Trump boasting of sexual assault on an Access Hollywood bus with the then-host of the show, Billy Bush. As if that weren t enough to make Paul Ryan s head explode over the weekend, there s the fact that Trump kicked off the second presidential debate not only with that tape as the scandalous backdrop, but also by digging up women who have accused Bill Clinton of sexual misconduct of one kind or another in the 1990 s, or accused Hillary Clinton of threatening them into silence. After that gutter-level nonsense from his nominee, Ryan held a conference call with elected with Republicans with one instruction and one instruction only: to save their own asses. Don t let Trump drag them down and make them lose their seats. Further, Ryan himself will not be campaigning with Trump, and he will not be defending anymore of Trump s antics.Because Trump is a thin-skinned, bullying, sniveling little boy in a dirty old man s body, he could not resist going after Ryan on Twitter. Trump tweeted: Paul Ryan should spend more time on balancing the budget, jobs and illegal immigration and not spend his time fighting Republican nominee. Here is the tweet:Paul Ryan should spend more time on balancing the budget, jobs and illegal immigration and not waste his time on fighting Republican nominee  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) October 10, 2016When asked about Trump s childish tweeting, one of Ryan s spokeswomen completely avoided Trump, saying: The speaker is going to spend the next month focused entirely on protecting our congressional majorities in order to advance our  Better Way  agenda. Ryan, of course, is in a tough spot of his own making. He, Mitch McConnell, and all the rest of the GOPers who lined up behind Trump had to know that something of this nature was coming. Now, the whole party has the stench of the racist, misogynist, all-around bigoted pig that is Donald Trump.Time to cash in your life insurance policy and make some funeral arrangements, GOP. By the time November 8 rolls around, there will be nothing left of the Republican Party, and this is all your own faults.Featured image via Alex Wong/Getty Images",0
4263, WATCH: Pat Robertson Gets INCREDIBLY Offensive In Full-Throated Defense Of Trump,"How much more depraved does a so-called pastor have to get before people acknowledge that he is not a real Christian?Because one would think that conservative  Christians  of all people would be absolutely opposed to Donald Trump after his lewd comments about groping women came to light on Friday.But evangelical leaders are willing to abandon their own supposed values and continue supporting Trump as long as it means Hillary Clinton does not become president.Family Research Council head Tony Perkins made that clear on Saturday when he STILL voiced support for Trump despite his  grab them by the p*ssy  remark. My personal support for Donald Trump has never been based upon shared values, it is based upon shared concerns about issues such as: justices on the Supreme Court that ignore the Constitution, America s continued vulnerability to Islamic terrorists and the systematic attack on religious liberty that we ve seen in the last 7 1/2 years,  Perkins said.Ralph Reed of Faith and Freedom Coalition basically said the same thing. Voters of faith are voting on issues like who will protect unborn life, defend religious freedom, create jobs, and oppose the Iran nuclear deal. Ten-year-old tapes of private conversation with a television talk show host rank very low on their hierarchy of concerns. In other words, Trump could sexually assault all the women he wants and still be supported by conservative  Christian  leaders.And that includes 700 Club preacher Pat Robertson, who called Trump s behavior  macho  while continuing to endorse him for president. A guy does something 11 years ago, it was a conversation in Hollywood where he s trying to look like he s macho,  Robertson said on Monday.  And 11 years after that they surface it from The Washington Post or whatever, bring it out within 30 days or so of the election and this is supposed to be the death blow and everybody writes him off,  Okay, he s dead, now you ve got to get out of the way and let Mike Pence run the campaign. Robertson proceeded to declare Trump the winner of Sunday night s debate and called him  a Phoenix  rising from the ashes of an imploded campaign.Here s the video via YouTube.These hypocrites have been whining for years about how America needs a president who shares their so-called biblical values, but now they couldn t care less about those values as long as they can put a puppet in the White House who will rubber stamp their extreme religious agenda and force it upon the nation, even if the candidate they want is totally unfit for the office. These people are NOT Christians. They merely used religion to gain power and wealth and if conservatives actually had spines they would toss these pretenders out on their asses for disgracing the church.Featured Image: Screenshot",0
4264, BREAKING: Trump Campaign CAUGHT Paying Off Hillary-Hating Sexual Assault Victim (DETAILS),"If you wanted to see how low the Trump campaign would go to win, look no further than the stunt they pulled at the second presidential debate. For weeks the Trump campaign had been hinting they would invite Bill Clinton s alleged  victims  to the debates, but they teetered when GOP establishment shut them down.Well, at the second debate, they did just that. They invited four women, including Paula Jones and Juanita Broaddrick, to sit front and center as the two candidates squared off.One victim, however, wasn t a victim of Bill Clinton. She, Kathy Shelton, was the victim of Thomas Alfred Taylor, a rapist Hillary Clinton was assigned to represent in the 1970s.Clinton represented her client, begrudgingly and reluctantly, but had to uphold her oath as an attorney to represent her client to the best of her ability. It worked.Yet Shelton still blames Clinton, accusing her of crossing the ethical boundaries beholden to an attorney (she didn t   or she would have been disbarred). So what did the Trump campaign do? They paid Shelton $2,500 to record an in-depth interview with her regarding her experiences with Hillary.The money was funneled by Roger Stone, the insane and graphically vile Trump ally, through his PAC, Committee to Restore America s Greatness.So now the Trump campaign is buying off Hillary haters and coordinating directly with PACs.According the Associated Press:Stone has arranged to pay other women critical of the Clintons.Earlier this year, Stone sought to raise money to pay off the mortgage of Kathleen Willey, who accused Bill Clinton of making unwanted sexual advances toward her during her time as a volunteer in his White House in the 1990s. Stone claimed in an online video interview that Trump had personally contributed to the fund.Trump s campaign has not endorsed Stone s political action committee, and has sent the group a cease and desist letter. The campaign has denied that Trump gave money to Willey s mortgage fund.Classy, Republicans. Real classy. Buying victims of childhood sex abuse to smear a qualified woman while their own candidate admits, on tape, to sexually assaulting women. Republicans have forfeited the right to call themselves the party of family values and morality.Kathy Shelton is once again being victimized, this time by a national political party who can t win on ideas, so they have to win on disgusting tactics like this.How much lower will they sink?Featured image via Scott Olson/Getty Images",0
4265, BREAKING: Sworn Affidavit PROVES Clinton ‘Victim’ Wasn’t Assaulted Or Harassed,"Donald Trump thought bringing Juanita Broaddrick to the second presidential debate would be a good idea.For people who might have forgotten, in the early 1990s, when President Bill Clinton was running his first campaign, Broaddrick went public with her accusations that Clinton had raped her in the 1970s while running for governor and that Hillary had intimidated her into silence.As expected, it created a media circus. No such accusation had ever been thrown at a presidential candidate in such a manner.However, years after the accusations surfaced, Broaddrick, in a sworn affidavit in December 1998, during the Paula Jones scandal, admitted that President Clinton had never made any un-warranted sexual advances towards here.As obtained by the Washington Post:3. I met President Clinton more than twenty years ago through family friends. Our introduction was not arranged or facilitated, in any way, by the Arkansas State Police. I have never been an Arkansas state employee or a federal employee. I have never discussed with Mr. Clinton the possibility of state or federal employment nor has he offered me any such position. I have had no further relations with him for the past (15) years.4. During the 1992 Presidential campaign there were unfounded rumors and stories circulated that Mr. Clinton had made unwelcome sexual advances toward me in the late seventies. Newspaper and tabloid reporters hounded me and my family, seeking corroboration of these tales. I repeatedly denied the allegations and requested that my family s privacy be respected. These allegations are untrue and I had hoped that they would no longer haunt me, or cause further disruption to my family. 5.   . Specifically, I do not have any information to offer regarding a nonconsensual or unwelcome sexual advance by Mr. Clinton, any discussion offer or provision of state or federal employment or advancement in exchange for sexual conduct, or any use of state troopers to procure women for sex. Requiring my testimony at a deposition in this matter would cause unwarranted attorney s fees and costs, disruption to my life and constitute an invasion of my right to privacy. For these reasons, I have asked my attorney to advise Ms. Jones s counsel that there is no truth to the rumors they are pursuing and to provide her counsel with this sworn affidavit.Known as Jane Doe #5 at the time, Broaddrick admitted, to law enforcement and to the courts of this country (six years after the initial accusation), that President Clinton never raped her.And if Bill didn t rape her, how would Hillary Clinton have intimidated her into silence?Seems as though the Trump campaign didn t so their research. Sad!Considering Broaddrick lied, could one see why Hillary Clinton wouldn t take too lightly to such awful and shameful accusations that were never true to begin with? That s why women take her side on these issues.The fact that Donald Trump used a liar as a prop to deflect from his own sexual prowess shows how desperate and pathetic him and his whole campaign is.Featured image via Justin Sullivan/Getty Images",0
4266," President Obama BLASTS ‘Insecure’ Trump, Makes It Clear Trump Is Unfit (VIDEO)","Donald Trump fell on his face repeatedly during Sunday night s debate. Perhaps he was too busy thinking about what President Obama said about him only hours earlier.The Republican nominee is under tremendous fire and his campaign is imploding after some lewd comments about groping women dropped like a bombshell on Friday. Trump and his team have been scrambling ever since while Republicans have been running as far away as they can from the blast radius.During an event in Chicago in support of Rep. Tammy Duckworth s Senate bid, President Obama finally chimed in on the disgusting remarks, which was perfect timing considering the second presidential debate between Hillary and Trump was only a few hours away from commencing in St. Louis. One of the most disturbing things about this election is just the unbelievable rhetoric coming at the top of the Republican ticket,  Obama said of the remarks.  I don t need to repeat it. There are children in the room. President Obama was clearly referencing Trump s 2005 remarks, which included a declaration that he is so famous that he just walks up to women and  grabs them by the p*ssy. Demeaning women, degrading women, but also minorities, immigrants, people of other faiths, mocking the disabled, insulting our troops, insulting our veterans. That tells you a couple things,  Obama continued.  It tells you that he s insecure enough that he pumps himself up by putting other people down not a character trait that I would advise for somebody in the Oval Office. It tells you that he doesn t care much about the basic values that we try to impart to our kids. It tells you he d be careless with the civility and the respect that a real, vibrant democracy requires. Here s the video via CNN:So maybe Donald Trump had a hard time during the debate last night partly because he was seething from being burned by President Obama. Regardless of why Trump got his ass handed to him on the debate stage again, the fact remains that he is unfit to be president and President Obama perfectly made it clear that insulting a great majority of Americans is the biggest reason to keep Trump out of the White House.America needs a president who respects all of the people, not someone who has disrespected more than half of them.Featured Image: Screenshot",0
4267, BREAKING: New Poll Shows HUGE Lead For Hillary As Trump’s Downward Spiral Continues,"With 28 days left to go until election day, a new poll from NBC/Wall Street Journal, a gold-standard in polling, shows Hillary Clinton posting an unprecedented double-digit lead over Donald Trump.The first major poll since the revelations exposed in a recent audio leak   in which he boasted about sexually assaulting women by grabbing their genitals without consent   shows that not only has Clinton posted a 14 point lead in a head-to-head contest, she has opened up an 11-point lead in the four-way race with the Libertarian candidate Gary Johnson and the Green Party s nominee, Jill Stein.Because of Trump s admission to sexually assaulting women doesn t bode well for voters, the House is now in play   something that no one, just one week ago, thought would be possible. Forty-nine percent of voters want to see a Democratic Congress while 42 percent want to see a GOP Congress. That s a three point uptick for Democrats.Forty-one percent of voters called the tapes  completely unacceptable  and 52 percent said it should be an issue in the campaign.While Republicans try desperately to write it off as simple  locker room talk,  the electorate isn t buying it and they are actually, reasonably so, disgusted by it.The poll also shows that Clinton has opened up a 21 point lead with women. That is a nine point difference than it was in mid-September when it was a smaller (yet still significant) 12 point lead.Remember: John McCain lost the female vote by 13 points, and Mitt Romney lost by 11. Both times women made up 53 percent of the total electorate. You can t lose female voters this  bigly  and win a national election.If Trump continues to lose by a whopping 21 points, he s absolutely done.With future tapes on the horizon, the Trump campaign has pretty much run out of time. Republicans are abandoning him, the electorate is abandoning him, and his campaign is crashing and burning.Featured image via Win McNamee/Getty Images",0
4268, Dan Rather BURIES Trump In Epic Post-Debate Analysis That Everyone Should See,"This is why we miss Dan Rather at the CBS News desk.At a time when the media often fails to dig deep and ask the hard hitting questions all for the sake of ratings, at least we still can rely on Dan Rather to deliver an analysis that makes people think.After the debate on Sunday night, the legendary newsman delivered a damning criticism of the Republican nominee and warned Americans of the dire consequences of this election. I am not sure it is possible to truly put into words what we witnessed tonight,  Rather wrote.  This election has long since passed the stage of rationality and reason, the realm of the written page, and into the territory of the heart and spirit, where emotions swirl that we cannot fully distill into coherent sentences and paragraphs. But I will humbly try Rather launched into talking about the Roman Empire and the barbarism that eventually led to its downfall. The debate last night was like watching a fight to the death between gladiators at the Colosseum.  I had a sense we could, if we are not vigilant, fall into a similar downward spiral,  Rather noted.But Rather was pleased with how the moderators did their job, praising Anderson Cooper and Martha Raddatz for demanding specifics from both candidates.Trump, of course, whined about the tough questions and that resulted in a meltdown that lasted throughout the evening as Trump preferred personal smears instead of actually giving the American people an idea of what his policies are and how he will enact them. Dan Rather definitely noticed the differences between the two presidential contenders.Trump went on the offensive, as advertised, drilling down to an attack on Bill Clinton. It was a strategy that was all Trump. And HIllary Clinton responded with a volley of all the other insulting statements and lies by Trump over the course of the election season. As Trump preened, paced and swayed, Clinton s steely face spoke volumes. As Trump stood, looming over Clinton, threatening her with a special prosecutor and even imprisonment, the optics of the GOP nominee could be seen as either that of a schoolyard bully or a determined pugilist depending on your point of view. Clinton was better answering questions directly and better at laying out what she would like to do as President. Trump was more determined to levy personal attacks to put Clinton on defensive, especially in the early going.Clinton engaged mostly with the audience and moderators. Donald Trump addressed her directly with hand gestures and eye contact. When she spoke, he sometimes stood pacing, or passively, gripping his chair. When he spoke, he often tried to tar his opponent with guilt by association   calling into question Clinton s  friends  on taxes in particular and referring to Clinton s husband to avoid the glare of his own misconduct. It seems that Trump does everything he can to avoid personal culpability or responsibility. He argues that his faults are not so great because Clinton and her associates have done much worse   his words are not so dangerous because  locker room  talk has long been excused for men. Clinton called for an apology to the many Trump has spoken ill of. None was forthcoming. I can t see any of that moving the needle compared to the tsunami that has engulfed the race in the past few days.In conclusion, Rather talked about the need for all of us to be engaged if we want to end this national nightmare and get back to the business of dealing with our problems with reasonable solutions. We have serious problems facing our nation, and our world,  Rather wrote.Our ship of state must be prepared to navigate the perilous shoals of our complicated world   and yet I feel tonight as if we have been hijacked into an alternate universe. This national nightmare will end one way or another and we will awaken to the same world from which we have been so disengaged. That is our challenge and it is a challenge from which none of us can opt out.Here s the full post via Facebook.Donald Trump must be stopped before our country turns into a barbaric nation that is primed to fall like Rome did. Hate, ignorance, violence, and fear will not make America great again. It will be our end. And that can only be prevented by the American people on November 8th by making sure Trump nevers sees the inside of the White House.Featured Image: Larry Busacca/Getty Images",0
4269, Ivanka Trump Just Admitted That She LIKES Her Dad Calling Her A ‘Piece Of A**’ (IMAGE),"Now, something is definitely off with Trump family values, and what they seem to deem appropriate within the realm of human decency, and well, incest.After remarks were released highlighting Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump s ongoing crush on his daughter Ivanka, where he told Howard Stern that it s fine to call her a  piece of a**,  something even weirder just happened   Ivanka literally  liked  it.A screengrab of Ivanka s Twitter page was captured revealing that she  liked  the Huffington Post article revealing this new tidbit of information.Check it out for yourself here:Ivanka Trump Twitter screencap via BuzzfeedIt was also captured via mobile:OMG pic.twitter.com/EReJ5pkHnc  andrew kaczynski (@KFILE) October 10, 2016The  like  or rather  favorite  has now been unliked, but that doesn t make it any less weird.You d think that a daughter would be utterly mortified that her dad openly has a crush on his daughter, but clearly that is not the case here. I mean, maybe she thought it was funny, but guess what, Ivanka, it s not. Especially since Donald Trump is an admitted sexual predator as seen and heard in the leaked Access Hollywood tapes.After Donald Trump loses in November to Hillary Clinton, it won t be surprising if we see a new reality television show released called  Trump Family Values,  and have our barf bags at the ready.Featured Photo by Jeff J Mitchell/Getty Images",0
4270, Republicans Running Scared As Trump Threatens Those Who Dump Him With Political Doom,"Republicans are caught between a rock and a hard place and Democrats are poised to take advantage of the chaos.The avalanche that buried the Republican Party on Friday is causing mass panic among GOP candidates up and down the 2016 ballot.Trump s vulgar remarks about groping women has resulted in many Republicans withdrawing their support of his presidential campaign. But whether they stick with him or turn their backs on him, it s a double-edged sword that is making Republicans bleed out with under a month to go before Election Day.The Republican nominee has been a toxic force ever since he threw his hat into the ring over a year ago, and while that has hurt Republicans among independent and moderate Republican voters in addition to the many groups Trump has insulted, Republicans who are just now running away from Trump have angered the conservative base that somehow still supports him.And the political consequences could cut deep if Trump has his way. Even if he loses in November, Trump could still bring many Republicans down with him, especially after this threat he posted on Twitter.So many self-righteous hypocrites. Watch their poll numbers   and elections   go down!  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) October 9, 2016Just in case you re confused, that s Trump attacking the Republicans who have denounced him since Friday s bombshell, and there is no doubt that Trump s supporters are going to remember who betrayed them when it s time to vote.Trump even escalated the threat by instructing his team to launch the attack.According to the New York Times,In a set of talking points sent to his supporters Sunday morning, Mr. Trump s campaign urged them to attack turncoat Republicans as  more concerned with their political future than they are about the country. As we all know, Trump s team has received a lot of television time this year, which means any Republican who has distanced themselves from Trump is about to get a whole lot of negative press.And that s really bad news for Republicans, because as the Times further reports,  much of the party appeared to be in a state of paralysis, uncertain of how to achieve political distance from Mr. Trump without enraging millions of voters who remained loyal to his campaign. Specifically, Republicans now fear losing both houses of Congress, which would be a historic political victory for Democrats at a time when gerrymadering basically guaranteed that the GOP would at least hold onto power over the House of Representatives.Steven Law, a longtime lieutenant of the Senate majority leader, Mitch McConnell, Republican of Kentucky, said the party had descended into chaos. The Republican Party is caught in a theater fire; people are just running to different exits as fast as they can,  said Mr. Law, who now heads the  super PAC  American Crossroads.One member of the House Republican leadership, conceding its majority was now in jeopardy, compared the situation to the 2006 scandal involving a Florida congressman s inappropriate conduct with congressional pages. If that scandal was a house fire, this lawmaker said, Mr. Trump had brought on the political equivalent of a nuclear attack.Democrats see this as a major opportunity to seek wins in Republican leaning states such as Indiana and Georgia, and even wins in red states like Arizona. If successful, we could be seeing a reversal of the 2010 midterm election that swept Republicans into office.Should it come to pass that Republicans lose across the board on November 8th, we could be finally seeing the last gasp of Republican reliance upon it s conservative base, which means Republicans will have to move towards the center if they want to be politically relevant again.Featured Image: Win McNamee/Getty Images",0
4271, POLL: HUGE Majority Of Americans Say Trump DOES NOT Respect Women,"Donald Trump, at the second presidential debate, invoked laughs when he claimed to respect women, and that no one respects women more than him.There s a reason people laughed   they don t believe him, and for good reason.In a new poll from NBC/SurveyMonkey shows that a huge majority of the American people, 63 percent, do not believe Trump respects women, compared to 36 percent who said he does.When it comes to female voters, nearly 70 percent responded that Trump does not respect women, up from 64 percent pre-leaked audio.Even more telling is the difference in this question pre-tape leak. Before the bombshell audio recording leaked, 55 percent (still a majority) said Trump did not respect women. Since the recording leaked, we ve seen an eight percent increase in those that agree that Donald Trump is a sexist pig.But the poll also took into account Trump s post-first debate meltdown over Alicia Machado, in which he degraded the weight of the former Miss Universe and asked voters to watch her sex tape (which doesn t exist).Donald Trump currently trails Hillary Clinton in what s being seen as the biggest gender gap in presidential politics.The fact that Trump wrote off the leaked audio as  locker-room talk  multiple times (and denied that he said the things he did), shows that he really doesn t care about the issues that women care about. And it shows that he is unable to take responsibility for his actions. One can simply say  I made a mistake and I m sorry,  but it takes a real man to fully own up to what was said   and Trump didn t do that.John McCain and Mitt Romney lost their respective elections, in big part, because of the gender gap. If Trump thinks he can win a national election in 29 days with the historic gap he has now he s got another thing coming his way.Featured image via Scott Olson/Getty Images",0
4272, Jerry Springer Reacts To Trump’s Debate Performance And It’s BRILLIANT (VIDEO/TWEETS),"If you watched the second presidential debate last night, you know that there were several cringeworthy moments, most of them created by Republican nominee Donald Trump. One of the most noteworthy of them was when the business mogul threw his vice president, Mike Pence, under the bus by disagreeing with Pence s stance on how America should respond to the war in Syria:[ad3media campaign= 1103 ]The moment shocked everyone watching, and was the perfect representation of just what a disaster the Trump-Pence ticket is. To make matters worse, this is just one amongst a long list of things Trump and Pence have disagreed about! Jerry Springer, the host of  The Jerry Springer Show  said it better than any of us could have when he weighed in on this awkward debate moment: While I may not be able to moderate a debate, sounds like Mike Pence and Donald Trump might need to come on my show to talk things out. Seriously   and Springer s tweet about Trump-Pence couldn t be any more fitting than at this moment, when Pence basically refused to defend Trump over the lewd misogynistic comments that were discovered in a recently leaked audio tape.Trump s entire campaign has gone on like a reality TV show, so it s not a stretch to say that Trump wouldn t feel right at home on Springer s show. And according to previous tweets from Springer, the talk show host already knows this:TwitterSpringer, who has fiercely endorsed Hillary Clinton, has been taking Trump and the GOP to task on social media, and it s pretty awesome. Springer also made sure to bring those who support Trump into the mix of insults:TwitterTwitterTwitterConsidering that Trump is a serial rapist who wants to bang his daughter and can t agree with his most important team member, Springer s show might be the ONLY place Trump and his weird, volatile campaign belongs!Featured image via Stephen Lovekin and Scott Olson / Getty Images",0
4273, NYT Fact-Checked Donald In Real-Time And It Was GLORIOUS,"The second presidential debate between Donald Trump and Hillary Clinton Sunday night was bizarre to say the least. Donald lurked behind Clinton onstage, lied and even threatened to jail the Democratic presidential nominee. The debate occurred during Donald s most recent scandal in which a tape was released showing Trump casually discussing predatory behavior towards women. That issue was brought up during the debate. The lies, though, were abundant.Reporters for The New York Times fact-checked the statements made by Clinton and  Trump during the debate and the results are pretty damning for the GOP presidential nominee.The Times rated the following statement by Trump to be  Just flat wrong, :  Mr. Trump said Mrs. Clinton has never used the phrase  radical Islamic terrorism. In June, Hillary Clinton broke from President Obama and used the term  radical Islamism  to describe an attack on an Orlando night club.  Whether you call it radical jihadism or radical Islamism, I m happy to say either. I think they mean the same thing,  she said on CNN in June.But Mrs. Clinton and Mr. Obama have argued that using that term plays into the hands of the Islamic State.  We are not at war with Islam,  Mrs. Clinton said on Sunday night.Hillary Clinton  said that she had helped eight million children obtain health coverage, Sept. 11 responders receive medical care and children get safer medicines. She can back it up,  the Times notes.Lawmakers of both parties who led the fight for the Children s Health Insurance Program in 1997 said then that Hillary Clinton had played a crucial behind-the-scenes role in lining up support for it.She was a tenacious advocate for legislation that provided medical monitoring and treatment to emergency workers and cleanup workers at the site of the World Trade Center attacks. She was also a leading proponent of the Pediatric Research Equity Act of 2003, which has increased the study of drugs in children.After Trump said Clinton wants  amnesty for everybody, come on in, come on over,  the Times said that s  not her position. Naturally, the Benghazi attacks came up during the debate.Mr. Trump said Mrs. Clinton ignored 600 requests for increased security from J. Christopher Stevens, the ambassador to Libya, and communicated only with Sidney Blumenthal.That little nugget was rated  extremely misleading. On Trump s taxes, which he refuses to release:Mr. Trump admitted that he used a $916 million loss declared on his 1995 tax returns to avoid paying federal income taxes. But he refused to say how many years he paid no income tax and simultaneously claimed to have paid a  tremendous  amount of taxes.The Times responded to that with,  More questions than answers. It s impossible to know exactly what Donald J. Trump has or has not done with regard to taxes. He s the only presidential candidate in decades to refuse to release his tax returns. The $916 million loss declared on 1995 tax returns obtained by The New York Times could have allowed Mr. Trump to avoid legally paying income taxes for up to 18 years. There is evidence,  the Times reports to Clinton saying Trump supported the Iraq war before it began.While one statement by Hillary was deemed  Misleading,  the lies told last night belong to Donald J. Trump.  Photo by Scott Olson via Getty.",0
4274, Trump BUSTED Checking Out Clinton’s Ass During Debate (VIDEO),"What in the hell was Donald Trump doing? No, I m not talking about his threat to jail his opponent if he is elected, his lackluster explanation for his claim that he walks around sexually assaulting women and getting away with it because he s rich, or any of the many, many things he said and did that virtually ensured that Hillary Clinton will be the next President of the United States   I m talking about a video clip posted to Twitter that appears to show Trump   well, see for yourself.What exactly is Trump trying to do here while Hillary is answering a question. #debate pic.twitter.com/caXu9ZBVrE  Josh Jordan (@NumbersMuncher) October 10, 2016Yes, in the few-second clip, Trump saunters over behind Clinton, his eyes directed toward her rear-end. He then abruptly lifts his head upward after, well, apparently taking a brief look at the ass of woman who will be curb-stomping him at the polls American History -style (except the Nazis are on his side) in November.Sure, there could be another explanation. Maybe he saw a penny, thought about picking it up, then realized that pennies are the currency of the poor. Was there a ball of lint on the former Secretary of State s back he considered picking off, but did not want to explain why he had just touched her abruptly? Or was he just doing what he does best and being a letch?You might be thinking,  This seems a bit far-fetched. There must be another explanation.  Yeah, well so did feeling up his daughter onstage, but he covered that pretty well during the Republican National Convention   and he is, after all, the guy who inspired garage band names everywhere with the phrase  grab  em by the pussy. Watch Trump feel up his daughter below, because why the f*ck not at this point?Vote on November 8   and if you need any help deciding for whom you should vote, go for the one who isn t going to court just after the election for the alleged rape of a 13-year-old girl.Featured image via screengrab",0
4275," Mike Pence Cancels ANOTHER Trump Event, Campaign Imploding (IMAGE)","Donald Trump s lewd comments about sexually assaulting women in a 2005 leaked audio tape are wreaking havoc on his presidential campaign. Not only are prominent Republicans distancing themselves from him, but even his own running mate, Mike Pence, looks like he s about to jump ship.First, Pence pulled out of a Wisconsin rally, where Donald Trump said Pence would be taking the place of House Speaker Paul Ryan, who also canceled following the tape s release. Now, Pence has canceled a New Jersey fundraiser for Trump that was supposed to take place today   signaling a trend of upcoming disruptions in Trump s campaign schedule. There were supposed to be 250 people at this event, who all paid $50 to attend.This isn t surprising, considering how strongly Pence opposed Trump s disrespectful, misogynistic comments in the 2005 recording. Trump s running mate released a statement that said: As a husband and father, I was offended by the words and actions described by Donald Trump in the eleven-year-old video released yesterday. I do not condone his remarks and cannot defend them. This cancellation is even more questionable considering that on Trump s campaign website, a message showed that all Mike Pence events had been canceled:Trump website The site was later updated with two new events for today   in North Carolina instead of New Jersey   but this is certainly a strange move for a campaign. Trump spokeswoman Hope Hicks has not yet returned comment on whether Pence would actually be attending the North Carolina events   we wouldn t be surprised if he skipped those, too.It could very well be that Trump s degrading, rape-like comments about how he interacts with women were the final straw for the Republican party, and the final straw for Pence. It s bad enough that Pence and Trump have previously disagreed on several policies and issues   but now it seems that Trump has crossed the line and Pence can t stand to represent him any longer.Featured image via Chip Somodevilla / Getty Images",0
4276, Elizabeth Warren Slapped The Hell Out Of Trump While He Was Busy Losing To Clinton (TWEETS),"While Hillary Clinton was busy tearing Donald Trump orange limb from orange limb on the debate stage, Elizabeth Warren made the world her stage as she masterfully kicked him while he was down via Twitter.Trump didn t have a good night Sunday. Not only did he fail completely to  explain away his open admission that he sexually assaults women by grabbing them  by the pussy  (and gets away with it because he s rich), but Trump managed to cause the room to erupt in laughter when he called himself a  gentleman,  openly admitted that he doesn t pay his taxes, and even threatened to jail his opponent if he is elected because some people want him to.Warren hit him HARD on taxes:.@realDonaldTrump's tax plan is to cut taxes for rich & powerful guys like Donald Trump & leave everyone else behind. #debate  Elizabeth Warren (@elizabethforma) October 10, 2016.@realDonaldTrump is PROUD that he doesn't pay his taxes. He thinks he's smart   and you're stupid for paying yours. #debate  Elizabeth Warren (@elizabethforma) October 10, 2016 and reminded us that no matter how much distance the GOP tries to create, they are still blocking Obama s Supreme Court nominee so Trump can nominate one of his choosing:Remember: @SenateGOP are running away from @realDonaldTrump this weekend, but they're holding a Supreme Court seat hostage for him. #debate  Elizabeth Warren (@elizabethforma) October 10, 2016She even agreed with Trump on something I am sure we can all agree upon   Clinton is a fighter:I agree with @realDonaldTrump: @HillaryClinton is a fighter. She's dealt with bullies like Donald for 25+ yrs & she never gives up. #debate  Elizabeth Warren (@elizabethforma) October 10, 2016Then she delivered the knockout blow:.@HillaryClinton doesn t whimper, whine, or run to twitter at 3am. She keeps fighting for those who need her. That s why #ImWithHer. #debate  Elizabeth Warren (@elizabethforma) October 10, 2016Trump himself was silent on Twitter after the debate, though he did retweet Mike Pence congratulating him for winning (was Pence watching the same debate?).Congrats to my running mate @realDonaldTrump on a big debate win! Proud to stand with you as we #MAGA.  Mike Pence (@mike_pence) October 10, 2016The Donald doesn t stand a chance at this point   but just to make sure, head to the polls on November 8 and join the nation in rejecting him.Featured image via Getty Images (Ethan Miller)",0
4277, Melania Quite Possibly Tried To Troll The Press With Her Style Of Blouse At The Debate,"Melania Trump, standing by her man despite being hurt and disappointed in her husband for bragging up a storm about sexually assaulting women, appeared at the 2nd presidential debate looking radiant in a modest, flowing, pink Gucci blouse. There s a small problem, though: The blouse is, literally, called a  Pussybow silk-crepe de chine shirt. That s according to Gucci itself. Their description says: A pussybow blouse is one of the prettiest ways to embrace Gucci s new-found eclecticism. This fuchsia-pink design is cut in Italy from silk-georgette, and detailed with softly gathered shoulders and buttoned cuffs to maximise the vintage vibes. Tuck it into a knife-pleated skirt, finishing with statement accessories.  [emphasis mine]Check it out below:OMG: Melania s #debate fashion: Gucci s  pussy bow  shirt H/t @politiquette pic.twitter.com/VQ0LpQp7NW  Jay Newton-Small (@JNSmall) October 10, 2016Melania couldn t find a better style of blouse to wear, considering Donald Trump s comment about grabbing women by the pussy?Maybe she didn t know. Someone probably should have warned her, though, because the last 48 hours have been very painful for women all across America who actually have been grabbed that way. The right s defense of those indefensible words just makes it so much worse.Right now, there are definitely some who would call anyone who thinks this was tone-deaf  overly sensitive,  and worse, because of course they would. However, as the wife of the man in the hot seat for those comments, she could have stood to wear something else.Trump has been in a lot of trouble for bragging about sexually assaulting women, saying things like,  I just start kissing them. It s like a magnet. Just kiss. I don t even wait,  and  Just grab them by the pussy. Anything you want.  People bring up Bill Clinton s escapades, but that s nothing more than a deflection.Those words aren t the words of a simply uncouth man. Those are the words of a sexual predator   someone who believes that women want him to take them sexually because he s a star, and who has no compunction whatsoever about acting on that thought.The Trump campaign insists this wasn t intentional on Melania s part. However, it could be seen as, at a minimum, trolling the press in an attempt to prove she s standing by her husband.Featured image by Scott Olson/Getty Images",0
4278, BREAKING: Trump’s Campaign Manager Says She Might Leave The Campaign (VIDEO),"There may be trouble in paradise amid the folks over at the Donald Trump campaign. After the recent tapes were leaked showing Trump to the misogynistic sexual predator that he so absolutely is, we haven t been hearing much, if anything, from Trump s campaign manager Kellyanne Conway.Then, while being interviewed by Chris Matthews on MSNBC, Conway may have revealed something   she might leave the campaign.Matthews asks Conway:So, are you with the campaign til the bitter end? Conway responded: I m with the campaign to the bitter end . unless Seemingly taken aback like the rest of us at home, Matthews presses Conway: Unless what? Conway quickly scrambled together an answer.Then, when pressed on it later by Rachel Maddow, Conway put together a reason that involved if her family needed her, and not at all around the fact that her candidate is a racist and misogynistic pervert.The fact that she said  unless  is absolutely telling of how she may feel about her current position within the campaign.Only time will tell to see if Conway stands by her candidate   or not   until the bitter end, but one thing is for certain, it s likely getting harder for her by the day.Watch Conway admit she may leave here: Trump s campaign manager @KellyannePolls just admitted she may leave the campaign. #Trump #debate pic.twitter.com/WwLhjuXSia  Sarah Wood (@SarahWoodwriter) October 10, 2016Featured image via video screen capture",0
4279, Trump Just Said He’s A ‘Gentleman’ At The Debate And Everyone Laughed At Him (VIDEO),"After a voter asked a question at the second presidential debate regarding Obamacare, Anderson Cooper was forced to interrupt Donald Trump to remind him it was Hillary Clinton s turn to respond first. Of course, the debate was going so well for Clinton by that point that she just wanted to sit back, relax, and let him talk. If he wants to start, he can start,  Clinto said, failing to mask the mirthful tone hiding underneath her normally serious demeanor. No, go ahead,  Trump, who had just finished defending his comments about grabbing women by their  wherevers. No,  go ahead Donald,  she replied. No, I m a gentleman, Hillary, go ahead. The audience, of course, could not contain themselves as the entire room erupted in laughter at Trump s  gentleman  claim.Trump, of course, habitually insults women with whom he disagrees, making fun of their looks, their faces, and their weight rather than addressing actual issues   and, yes, it is completely laughable to think that he could possibly be considered a gentleman.Trump himself said it best when he was asked about whether or not he is a gentleman on Howard Stern:  I can t say that. Watch it happen below: Featured image via Getty Images/Scott Olson",0
4280, Trump Just Threatened To Jail Hillary If He’s Elected – Then She Blasted His Orange Face Off (VIDEO),"Well, he said it. Trump s fans have long been chanting  lock her up  at his rallies   despite that Clinton has not committed a single jailable offense. But they re sure that it happened, and their candidate took their conspiracy theories and irrational hatred mainstream during Sunday s sh*tshow of a presidential debate. I didn t think I would say this but I m going to say it,  Trump began.  If I win, I am going to instruct my Attorney General to get a special prosecutor to look into your situation Trump told Clinton that  in his opinion  the people at the FBI are furious with her because of the email nonscandal.  We re going to get a special prosecutor and we ;re going to look into it because you know what? People have been, their lives have been destroyed for doing one-fifth of what you have done,  he said.Clinton s face the entire time was priceless as we watched her choke back grins and laughter, at times finding it impossible to hide her mirth. At one point, her face kind of froze as she appeared to daydream about her first day in the Oval Office and one could even  see  thought bubbles appear over her head:  Madame President. President Hillary Clinton. Yeah. That s the ticket. Then, when it was her turn to respond, she dropped the hammer: Everything he just said is absolutely false but I m not surprised. Clinton once again reminded Americans that her website is serving as a fact-checking service for the night, calling the daunting task  impossible. It s just awfully good that someone with the temperament of Donald Trump is not in charge of the law in our country,  Clinton said before Trump shot back,  because you d be in jail. Remember to vote in November   otherwise, we get a President who believes his political opponents should be jailed without committing a crime.Watch it below:Featured image via Getty Images/Win McNamee",0
4281, HOLY F*CK: Trump Had to Be Forced To Say He Hasn’t Sexually Assaulted Women (VIDEO),"At the second presidential debate, Donald Trump had a chance to address the controversy surrounding his claim that he greets seemingly every woman he meets by grabbing them  by the pussy.  To Trump, this was  locker room talk,  though I can t say I have ever been in a locker room in which anyone has bragged about sexually assaulting women. To the rest of us, it was a horrific reminder that the 2016 GOP nominee is exactly the sort of person to make creepy sexual remarks about his own daughter   a man who has been sued for  grabbing someone by the pussy  (the woman was branded a liar), who is being sued for the sexual assault of a 13-year-old girl, and who admitted he was attracted to 12-year-old Paris Hilton.Asked if The Donald had actually sexually assaulted women, he repeated that it was  locker room talk  (whatever that means), but was reticent to admit that he doesn t walk about grabbing women by the pussy   largely because, one can safely assume, he can not honestly say that he has not sexually assaulted a woman.  Sniffles  deflected to ISIS for a while before explaining that  it s just one of those things. Asked if he has ever kissed or groped a woman without her consent, Trump replied that he  has great respect for women  and that  nobody has more respect for women than he does. For the record, you re saying you never did that,  Anderson Cooper said, fishing for clarification. I ve said things, you hear these things I ve said, and I was embarrassed by it but I have tremendous respect for women and they have respect for me,  Trump said, once again evading the question. Have you ever done those things?  Cooper pressed, finally earning an offhanded  no I have not  from Trump before he went on to call Bill Clinton a rapist.Watch it below: ",0
4282," Hillary Just Responded To Trump’s Pre-Debate Bullsh*t On Twitter, And It’s EPIC (TWEET)","After the release of the videotape showing Trump not only use derogatory language about women, but also profess to be a sexual predator, we re starting to notice the Trump campaign in a bit of tailspin.Trump s getting so desperate, in fact, that he just dragged out some women who allege they re victims of sexual abuse from Bill Clinton. What people need to remember is that, no matter if any of those allegations are true, Bill is not who is running for president. Trump is acting out of fear because he knows he s about to have his orange ass handed to him.Hillary s Communications Director Jennifer Palmieri released the official statement from the Clinton campaign regarding Trump s desperation:The statement read: We re not surprised to see Donald Trump continue his destructive race to the bottom. Hillary Clinton understands the opportunity in this town hall is to talk to voters on stage and in the audience about the issues that matter to them, and this stunt doesn t change that. If Donald Trump doesn t see that, that s his loss. As always, she s prepared to handle whatever Donald Trump throws her way. However, it was what Clinton tweeted next that shows us exactly why she will be the next President of the United States. Instead of jumping back at all the crazy that is Donald Trump, she instead tweets this:Remember. #Debate pic.twitter.com/rlMbTt5WwY  Hillary Clinton (@HillaryClinton) October 10, 2016Which is exactly what she will do.Donald Trump is currently self-destructing before our very eyes, and he has no idea what to do next.Hillary will stick to the issues and what s best for the nation as Trump takes the low road and tries to mudsling himself into the White House.This election has certainly been an interesting one, and something tells me it s only going to get worse before it gets better, and by  gets better  I mean, when Hillary wins on November 8th.Featured Photo by Justin Sullivan/Getty Images",0
4283," There’s A Video Of Trump Saying The N-Word, And Here’s How Much It’ll Cost To Get It Released","The world was recently teased that there are worse tapes of Donald Trump saying vile things out there then  grab her by the pussy.  That teaser came from Bill Pruitt. Pritt was the producer of The Apprentice, a reality show starring Trump that was for millions of Americans their first encounter with the now Republican presidential nominee.Pruitt sent out a tweet saying,  I assure you: when it comes to the #trumptapes there are far worse. As a producer on seasons 1 & 2 of #theapprentice I assure you: when it comes to the #trumptapes there are far worse. #justthebegininng  Bill Pruitt (@billpruitt) October 8, 2016Now it appears that at least one of those tapes features Trump saying the N-word. Whether one consider that worse or not would depend entirely on whether one despises Trump because he is a racist or whether they despise him because he is a violent misogynist. I prefer to loathe his existence for both equally. For those of you just itching to hear Trump to tear his past once again destroy his chances of winning the election, there s a problem. Apparently, the tapes are being held behind a legal wall. Mark Burnett is a producer on The Apprentice. He has threatened any leakers with the show that he will sue anyone who is caught revealing the tapes. According to Emmy-award winning producer Chris Nee, it ll cost anyone who leaks the tapes $5 million dollars. @mcuban the price is 5 million to cover the penalty fee. And we all get to hear him use the N word from what I hear https://t.co/IsmJvHHL1K  Chris Nee (@chrisdocnee) October 9, 2016 the price is 5 million to cover the penalty fee. And we all get to hear him use the N word from what I hear Apparently, there is some hope out there that we may get to hear those tapes anyway. David Brock, a Clinton backer has pledged to pay the penalty fees of anyone who can release those tapes, and it s like others would step forward as well. So please, if anyone has damning tapes of Trump from his time on the show, please release them.Featured image from Scott Olson/Getty Images",0
4284, Van Jones Unapologetically Calls Donald Trump A ‘Superpredator’: ‘He’s Confessing To Sexual Assault’ (VIDEO),"On Sunday, Van Jones appeared on CNN s State of the Union where he referred to Donald Trump as a  Superpredator.  The phrase is a racialized code word that was aimed at crystallizing the public s opinion to support tougher sentences for criminals in the 1990 s. Jones lambasted Trump for his violently misogynistic comments towards women.  I want to say a couple things. First of all, this is the law and order candidate,  Jones said to the show s panel.  Let s not forget, this is Mr. Law and Order, who is now on tape confessing to a crime. He s confessing to sexual assault. The problem isn t the talk, the problem isn t the bad words, the problem is the bad deeds. He s saying he feels he has the right as a star to sexually assault women. Jones then went on to recall the time that Trump worked to get five black boys charged with sexual assault. Those boys turned out to be innocent. They have become known as the Central Park Five. The irony of all this and how it relates to Trump s current situation was not lost on Jones.    Now, the irony here is this for me   this man came on to the scene politically in New York City attacking five innocent black boys accusing them of what? Sexual assault. He comes on the scene. He says these five boys committed sexual assault   and they were innocent. He never apologized! He said Mexican immigrants are rapists, sexual assaulters. It turns out the sexual assaulter, the superpredator is the man running for president! We have a superpredator named Donald Trump. I want to challenge the media now: put up the pictures of those five young innocent black boys and Donald Trump and ask America,  Who is a thug here? Who is a thug?  It s Donald Trump. Jones recently appeared in Netflix original documentary 13th. In the documentary, Jones explains how Trump has held consistently racist views that have been used to support mass incarceration efforts in the U.S. It is an excellent documentary that everyone in the U.S. absolutely MUST SEE.  As Jones explains in the interview and the film, Trump is a dangerous man who uses coded language to advance his racist agenda. He brags that he would have had five innocent boys executed for a crime they did not commit. At the time, Trump even paid top dollar for a full page ad urging New Yorkers to bring back the death penalty in order to have the Central Park Five be given a capital punishment sentence. You can watch a clip from the segment below. Featured image from video screenshot ",0
4285, WATCH: Chuck Todd HUMILIATES Rudy Giuliani After He Pathetically Defends Trump,"Appearing on NBC s Meet The Press Sunday morning, Rudy Giuliani continued his efforts to defend Donald Trump. With Trump s campaign falling apart and the rest of the GOP quickly abandoning their presidential nominee, Giulini has continued to stump for Trump despite the fact that Trump is now being skewered by both Democrats and Republicans over his violently misogynistic remarks regarding groping women.It didn t take very long for the show s host Chuck Todd to show what it means to be a friend of Trump at the moment. Giuliani, who recently defended Trump s  grab her by the pussy  comment by saying that  The fact is men, at times, talk like that,  was forced to listen to audio recordings where Trump used vile misogynistic language. Because his cognitive dissonance apparently knows no limits, Giuliani offered another pathetic attempt to defend Trump. Still, he wasn t running for president,  Giulini says.Todd responds perfectly saying: Oh, he wasn t running for president so it s OK to be a misogynist. He wasn t running for president so it s OK to make unwanted sexual advances? That s a good counterpoint to have on hand for the rest of the election. Assuming Trump doesn t drop out of the race, his campaign is going to desperately try to position him as a reformed sinner, to appeal to moderate Christian right. A critical demographic of consistent voters Trump needs in toss-up states.At that point, Giuliani tried desperately to pivot to talking about recently leaked portions of transcripts from paid speeches that Hillary Clinton gave. Todd then asks Giulini an excellent question that proves that Giuliani had just bit himself on the ass with that pivot attempt. If you believe that Hillary Clinton says one thing in private and that means what she really is, is what she is in private, should we assume what Donald Trump did   is really what Donald Trump is like in private? That s what you re implying here with Hillary Clinton. The rape culture is strong in New York City s former Republican mayor.You can watch the segment below in full.Featured image from video screenshot",0
4286, Lifelong Republican Arnold Schwarzenegger TERMINATES The GOP Over Trump," I ll be back  is not what Arnold Schwarzenegger is telling the Republican Party this year. Ever since the action movie icon became a United States citizen in 1983 he has faithfully voted for the GOP presidential candidate but not this year.Donald Trump s vulgar remarks about groping women were too much for the Terminator star, who, like other Republicans, are now jumping from a sinking ship.The Los Angeles Times reports that Arnold not only condemned Trump in a statement, but used the same statement to announce that he will not be voting Republican in November. For the first time since I became a citizen in 1983, I will not vote for the Republican candidate for president,  Schwarzenegger said in a statement posted on Twitter. Like many Americans, I ve been conflicted by this election   I still haven t made up my mind about how exactly I will vote next month. I have been a proud Republican since I moved to America in 1968 and I heard Nixon s words about getting government off our backs, free trade, and defending our liberty with a strong military. That day I joined the party of Abraham Lincoln, Teddy Roosevelt, and Ronald Reagan.But as proud as I am to label myself a Republican, there is one label that hold above all else   American. So I want to take a moment today to remind my fellow Republicans that it is not only acceptable to choose your country over your party   it is your duty. As proud as I am to label myself a Republican, there is one label that I hold above all else   American. My full statement: pic.twitter.com/biRvY8S3aZ  Arnold (@Schwarzenegger) October 8, 2016As Governor of California, Schwarzenegger was embroiled in his own scandals which included an affair he had with his housekeeper that produced a child years prior to taking office, which he has taken responsibility for, and accusations of sexual misconduct for which he has expressed remorse.So Donald Trump s behavior and words are so bad that even Schwarzenegger can t bring himself to vote Republican. That s saying something.Featured image via Wikimedia",0
4287," CNN Host John King: Trump Should Be Jail, Not Running For President (VIDEO)","As we all know, Trump told Access Hollywood host Billy Bush in 2005 that he made unwanted advances on a married woman and bragged that he walks up to beautiful women and just starts kissing them and  grab them by the p*ssy. Seriously. It s all on tape. Had the tape been turned over to police they might have opened a sexual assault investigation.On Sunday morning, CNN anchor John King said that Trump should be in jail instead of being the Republican nominee for president.King began by playing part of the clip of Trump talking about how he pursued a married woman by taking her furniture shopping. And then he talks about  moving on that b*tch. I said what you re about to see was some graphic language,  King said.  That s one of the tamest parts. And the point, if you go on in this tape, that s he s talking about making unwanted advances on a married woman. He also talks about conduct that is a crime. If he did it. People go to jail for the things that he was talking about doing, groping women. That was the dam opening. Indeed, it is a crime and that why many Republicans are desperately trying to distance themselves from Trump.The outrage was so bad that Trump was forced to apologize for the remarks, but King noted that it took Trump s aides hours to get him to actually do it. King proceeded to slam Trump for it and pointed out that what Trump said is not mere locker room talk. It s a confession to committing crimes. In his video released Saturday night, after it took his aides hours to convince him this was a big deal, that s important here too. He doesn t say in the video that I never did this. He never says he never did this. I m going to say it one more time: he s bragging about things that people go to jail for. I ve been to a lot of locker rooms. Men say stupid things in locker rooms. Men say inappropriate things in locker rooms. Men do not talk about committing crimes in locker rooms or, if anybody brings it up, the grown-up on the team pushes that guy against the locker and tells him to shut up. Here s the video via VidMe.In other words, Trump should have been investigated by law enforcement and should have been arrested, tried, sentenced to serve time in jail, and required to register as a sex offender. He certainly should never have been elevated to the leadership of a major political party and been allowed to get this close to becoming the most powerful person in the world. Republicans own this and they need to pay a price for it in November.Featured image via screenshot",0
4288, That Time Donald Trump Said Bill Clinton Was The ‘Victim’ Of ‘Unattractive Women’,"Donald Trump is pledging to bring up Bill Clinton s sexual prowess at the second presidential debate. Now that Trump is in the hot seat over a hot mic leak that shows him gleefully admitting to sexual assault, he does what he knows best   deflect.In his half assed apology, Trump took responsibility for his comments, saying that a video from 10 years ago does not reflect the  man  he is now, but said Bill Clinton has done  much worse  and that Hillary Clinton was complacent in bullying and intimidating his victims.So that  the Trump strategy   deflect from his admissions of sexual assault by drumming up sins of Bill Clinton from the 1990s to smear Hillary (because women just love it when the wife is blamed for the husband s misgivings). There s only one teeny tiny problem with that, though.I don t necessarily agree with his victims. His victims are terrible. He is really a victim himself. But he put himself in that position.That s Donald Trump, in August 1998, calling Bill Clinton the real victim. In an interview with Fox News  Neil Cavuto, the billionaire mogul also trashed Monica Lewinsky, Linda Tripp and Lucianne Goldberg as a  really unattractive group  and an  unattractive cast of characters. The transcripts are as followed:The whole thing, it s just so unattractive. Linda Tripp may be one of the most unattractive human beings I ve ever seen not women, human beings. She s just an unattractive person. This [Lucianne] Goldberg person, her agent or whatever she is, is just a terrible woman. You look at Paula Jones, I mean the whole cast of characters. It s like it s from Hell. It s a terrible group of peopleBut Trump wasn t finished insulting their personal appearances:The whole group, it s truly an unattractive cast of characters Linda Tripp, Lucianne Goldberg I mean, this woman I watch her on television, just vomiting. She is so bad. The whole group Paula Jones, Lewinsky it s just a really unattractive group. And I m not just talking about physical, but I am also talking about physical.Trump then went on to say that had Lewinsky and Jones been  supermodels,  they would be  more pleasant to watch. Once again, Trump proves that he does not care about women unless they are visually appealing (which is completely subjective).But now, all of a sudden, he s their unsung hero against  abuser  Bill Clinton and his enabling wife, Hillary?Gee, what changed?If one thinks Trump truly cares about Jones, Lewinsky, Brodderick, Flowers or any of Clinton s alleged victims, they should keep in mind that Trump only cares about their appearances   and their appearances discount them   and he thinks Bill is the real victim.Do not be deceived America. This man will say anything and do anything to get elected.Featured image via Ethan Miller/Getty Images",0
4289, DNC Chair Speaks Out On Revolting Trump Tape: ‘This Is Who Donald Trump Truly Is’ (VIDEO),"Interim Democratic National Committee Chairwoman Donna Brazile was crystal clear in what she thinks of Donald Trump and the bombshell tape that showed him boasting about sexual assault:  This is who Donald Trump truly is. During an interview on ABC s This Week, Brazile told George Stephanopoulos that Trump is the same person today as he was in 2005 when the appalling tape was recorded. You can draw a straight line between what Donald Trump said in 2005 and what he s been saying every day on the campaign trail over the last year and a half,  she said on Sunday.  This is not a changed man. This is who Donald Trump truly is. The DNC chair listed a few of the previous offensive remarks Trump has made on the campaign trail and pointed to these as more examples that confirmed Trump has not changed. He was and is a revolting human being. When you criticize a judge simply because of his Mexican heritage. When you call women some of the most disgusting things. When you criticize John McCain. When you criticize people who are disabled. This is who Donald Trump truly is. Brazile doesn t seem surprised by this newest tape from the past. After all, this is someone who is accused of raping a 13-year-old child. With everything Trump has done, bragging about grabbing women  by the p*ssy  is exactly the kind of thing you would expect to come out of his mouth.  But what is surprising is that after everything Republicans have turned a blind eye to over the past few years, it is now that they are finally  disgusted by Trump. I m surprised that the Republicans are disgusted by Trump after all the things he has said and all of the comments that he s made over the last couple of years. You can watch the segment here:Featured image via video screen capture",0
4290, Hannity Throws MASSIVE Tantrum Trying To Defend Trump’s Sexual Assault Remarks,"Fox News host Sean Hannity flew into a two-day rage desperately trying to defend Donald Trump.As revealed on Friday, Trump said some very vulgar and indefensible things about women in 2005 during an appearance on Access Hollywood. Trump bragged that he is so famous that he doesn t even wait to kiss beautiful women when he first sees them, even if they have no interest in kissing him. He also suggested that he commits sexual assault and gets away with it when he said he  grabs  women  by the p*ssy. The remarks dropped like a bomb on the Republican Party, and many Republicans have been running away from Trump ever since.But Sean Hannity spent Friday and Saturday trying to defend Trump by calling Trump s remarks mere  locker room talk,  excusing it because some biblical king who lived thousands of years ago had a harem of prostitutes, and attacked Hillary Clinton over Bill Clinton s extramarital activities.So Hillary s lack of outrage over her husbands ACTIONS are irrelevant in this discussion? Sorry, nice try. https://t.co/dw6RRS4zE8  Sean Hannity (@seanhannity) October 8, 2016Im not defending his words. Why are you defending Bills ACTIONS and how Bill and Hillary smeared woman? https://t.co/IfK1tUwAiX  Sean Hannity (@seanhannity) October 8, 2016Lol. So you only want to talk about @realDonaldTrump but not @HillaryClinton and her husband. YOU ARE THE SHILL! https://t.co/YWgQQ12lhG  Sean Hannity (@seanhannity) October 8, 2016Ross, that was in response to a guest saying  these things  have gone on since the beginning of time, typical NYT BS https://t.co/t7lOLMMh2S  Sean Hannity (@seanhannity) October 8, 2016Oral sex with an intern in the Oval Office Lies @HillaryClinton refers to Monica as a narcissistic loony toon! Fair? https://t.co/pANnv2qP1N  Sean Hannity (@seanhannity) October 8, 2016Never. The only person I know in this campaign accused of that is @HillaryClinton husband Bill. https://t.co/COXXSWQRRM  Sean Hannity (@seanhannity) October 8, 2016@realDonaldTrump words are very inappropriate. Bills BEHAVIOR, and Bill and Hillary smearing of woman is now in play https://t.co/PdOj5esDzW  Sean Hannity (@seanhannity) October 8, 2016Ok I understand how you feel. So how do you feel about @HillaryClinton and Bill s behavior and treatment of women? https://t.co/bO45R4a0mA  Sean Hannity (@seanhannity) October 9, 2016Time will tell. Just 31 days. I ask again why does @HillaryClinton get a pass on far worse behavior? https://t.co/uvDetH4MOQ  Sean Hannity (@seanhannity) October 9, 2016What s worse Americans abandoned in Benghazi or  locker room  talk. https://t.co/UVXsdZkL13  Sean Hannity (@seanhannity) October 9, 2016Who wanted to  crucify  Gennifer Flowers? Who called Lewinsky a  narcissistic loony toon . Answer @HillaryClinton https://t.co/e8uA9f7Thn  Sean Hannity (@seanhannity) October 9, 20164 Americans are dead after being abandoned by @HillaryClinton and  locker room talk  offends you more? https://t.co/KzvZWnCMdg  Sean Hannity (@seanhannity) October 9, 2016As you can see, Hannity escalated his desperation as he went, eventually resorting to screaming about Benghazi even though Hillary Clinton was cleared of any wrongdoing by a Republican witch-hunt which lasted longer than the investigation of 9/11.And while Trump s comments are relevant because he is a candidate in this race, Bill Clinton s behavior as president is not fair play because he is NOT running for president. Hillary Clinton is.And Hannity s remark about King David keeping concubines is pretty damn pathetic as well since a concubine is defined as a sexual servant who is inferior to a man s wife. So Hannity just basically called women Trump has chased outside of his marriage inferior sex objects who are supposed to submit to his sexual demands. That pretty much makes this situation worse for Trump.While most normal people are condemning Trump and withdrawing their support from him, Hannity appears to be Trump s right-hand deplorable who will defend him no matter what he does, which makes one wonder where Trump grabbed Hannity to make him so submissive.Featured image via screenshot",0
4291, Giuliani’s PATHETIC Excuse For Trump’s Bragging About Sexual Assault Will Disgust You,"A tape featuring Donald Trump proudly boasting about sexually assaulting women has rocked the GOP this weekend. Former New York City Mayor Rudy Giuliani is trying to brush it off as no big deal, arguing that men just  talk like that.  But CNN s Jake Tapper did not let him get away with this pathetic excuse.Appearing on State of the Union this Sunday morning, the former NYC mayor tried in vain to convince everybody that this was just locker talk and voters should still support Trump, even if he does brag about grabbing women  by the p*ssy. This is talk, and gosh almighty, he who hasn t sinned, throw the first stone,  Giuliani said of Trump s remarks on the leaked tape from 2005.Tapper cut him off and slammed Giuliani s bullshit argument.  Mr. Mayor, I have never said that. I have never done that,  Tapper said.  I am happy to throw a stone. I have been in locker rooms, I have been a member of a fraternity. I have never heard any man, ever, brag about being able to maul women because they get away with it. Giuliani wasn t dissuaded and continued to insist that this is just how men are. The fact is men, at times, talk like that. Not all men. Tapper asked the former mayor if he had ever said these kinds of things, but Giuliani just kept talking and pretended not to have heard the question. Giuliani then insisted:  I m not justifying it.  But he also never denied having made comments like this himself.Earlier in the interview, Giuliani said that Trump had apologized for his behavior and was likely to do so again during the upcoming debate on Sunday night. He apologized for them, he said that he was wrong, that doesn t reflect the way he looks at things today,  Giuliani said.  He made a full and complete apology for it, and I think he s going to do it again tonight. Watch Giuliani insist that all men brag about sexually assaulting beautiful women, here:[ad3media campaign= 1094 ]Featured image via video screen capture",0
4292, BREAKING: Trump Campaign In A Panic As Donors Demand Refunds,"Donald Trump s presidential campaign is spiraling out of control, and now that it looks completely doomed, Republican donors are beginning to ask for a refund. Stunned by the candidate s comments on assaulting women caught on an open mic as he chatted with Billy Bush, Republican donors are now at peak levels of outrage.A prominent Trump bundler told CBS News that he  could not tell you how many  calls he s gotten from donors in the course of the last day. After the Washington Post first published the tape, people want their money back, he said. (The Republican party and the campaign s fundraising apparatus is not returning donations.)According to the bundler, donors said they feel betrayed by Trump   that their efforts have been a waste. Some said they would like to see Mike Pence, Trump s running mate and the governor of Indiana, at the top of the ticket, though the means of achieving such a switch aren t clear.Trump has already vowed that he will not step down as the Republican Party s nominee, despite pulled support from over a dozen Senators and Representatives. The national party s hands are effectively tied anyway, as voting is already underway in some states where early voting has begun in person as well as with absentee ballots.While several of the senators who have called on Trump to step down have also asked for his running mate to step in, many believe that this is more of a face-saving maneuver than an actual serious demand. Many of those who have made this request are Republicans in seats that are under siege from Democratic candidates with a high likelihood of a win, in so-called  swing  states.For all intents and purposes, the money that donors have sunk into the Trump campaign is lost forever, funds spent on a campaign on the verge of a major loss.Featured image via YouTube",0
4293," Republican Insiders Are Taking Aim At Trump, Calling On Pence To Drop Out","Now that it s been exposed that Donald Trump is a serial pervert who sexually assaults women, Republicans are desperate to get him out of the race and promptly replaced by another GOPer who, you know, doesn t casually admit to forcing himself onto women.Well it s harder said than done. First, the rules make it very hard to remove someone and replace them   especially with four weeks left until the election. Second, Trump has already stated that he would not bow out of the race under any circumstances.Even though dozens of influential Republican lawmakers and figures want him out, they are stuck with him unless he decides to personally call it quits.So what s plan B? Well, for starters, they want Mike Pence to drop off the ticket in an effort to pressure Trump to follow suit.According to CNN s Dana Bash:Sources tell @GloriaBorger some republicans want @mike_pence to quit the ticket in order to pressure @realDonaldTrump to get out  Dana Bash (@DanaBashCNN) October 9, 2016In other words, Republicans are hoping to use Mike Pence as a battering ram to force their pathetic, perverted candidate out of the race and usher in an equally pathetic Hail Mary to save their asses.Republicans   especially those who placed all their hope in Trump   are officially the saddest lot in American politics.After cutting off his cash force, cancelling Mike Pence s campaign stops and publicly denouncing him in stinging rebukes, Republicans realized they couldn t shake him off. So they thought the only way they could do it was to hit him where it hurts   the man who is supposed to be by his side no matter what.Republicans, Donald Trump is your mess. Why should Pence suffer humiliation to save your mistake? Whereas Pence may be a deplorable homophobe and misogynist himself, he didn t put Trump in this position, Trump did.Whether or not Pence will buck Trump and save his 2020 plans remains to be seen. But for the time being, Trump-Pence look to be heading into a general election with Clinton-Kaine, and if the trends and polls seem to be indicator, it s looking great for the latter.Congratulations GOP, you built this. Now own it.Featured image via Chip Somodevilla/Getty Images",0
4294, ‘Apprentice’ Producer: Lewd #TrumpTapes Are Nothing – There Is ‘Far Worse’ To Come (TWEETS),"The GOP and the Donald Trump for president campaign are reeling after the world watched and listened in horror to Trump describing pursuits of married women and straight up sexual assault in some of the most vulgar terms imaginable with then- Access Hollywood producer Billy Bush. Even Trump s own wife and running mate couldn t defend what he s done, and his establishment support is being pulled in droves. However, despite the tailspin Trump s campaign   and indeed the entire Republican Party   is in, according to a former producer of The Apprentice, this is just the tip of the iceberg, and nowhere near the worst there is to see of Donald Trump.Bill Pruitt, who says he produced the show that made Trump a national figure of business prowess, tweeted the following on Saturday:As a producer on seasons 1 & 2 of #theapprentice I assure you: when it comes to the #trumptapes there are far worse. #justthebegininng  Bill Pruitt (@billpruitt) October 8, 2016There seems to be credibility here as well, since Ed Henry of Fox News has suggested that Donald Trump s pal and former GOP primary rival Dr. Ben Carson has also said this is just the beginning. Henry tweeted:.@RealBenCarson told me he & @realDonaldTrump talked about more revelations coming: ""They have have more things & they will drip them out""  Ed Henry (@edhenry) October 8, 2016No one should be surprised by this. Trump is a sexual predator, and due to his money, power, and fame, he has gotten away with being one for his entire adult life. There s surely plenty of other hot mic tapes, Apprentice outtakes, and god knows what else out there that the world will be privy to in short order, and certainly prior to November 8th.For this reason, there will continue to be a drumbeat of calls from GOP heavy-hitters for Trump to drop out of the race, but Trump s ego will not allow him to do that. Further, he has said that he won t, via his favorite medium of communication and feuding: Twitter.The media and establishment want me out of the race so badly   I WILL NEVER DROP OUT OF THE RACE, WILL NEVER LET MY SUPPORTERS DOWN! #MAGA  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) October 8, 2016Of course, his rabid, brainwashed supporters see nothing wrong with Trump s lewd, predatory tapes, and will continue to blame the media, the GOP establishment, Hillary Clinton, and everyone else but Trump himself for what is going on right now. Either way, the GOP is stuck with Trump through the election, and they will be left with nothing but ashes for their split and broken party afterward.Congratulations, GOP. You did this by propping this imbecile up and trying to put him in the White House, even though you know that it s the last place he should be. You re getting exactly what you deserve. Good luck having a party at all after this.As for the rest of us   we ll be popping our popcorn and watching.Featured image via Spencer Platt/Getty Images",0
4295," Alec Baldwin NAILS Trump’s ‘Grab Them by the P*ssy’ Fauxpology, And It’s PERFECT (VIDEO)","Who didn t miss Saturday Night Live s take on the 2016 election? Alec Baldwin returned this week as Donald Trump (and Kate McKinnon as Hillary Clinton) to provide us with some much-needed levity following  Pussyghazi  or whatever one chooses to call the leak of Donald Trump explaining exactly where he likes to grope seemingly every woman he meets. Sure, some would call that sexual assault, but to Trump and gang it s just a friendly handshake that happens to involve someone s vagina.Trump s campaign has been scrambling to come back from this situation as his former allies practically climb all over one another to denounce, un-endorse, and repudiate The Donald, with many calling on him to drop out and hand the election to Hillary Clinton. It may seem surprising that talking about groping women was what did it given Trump s  wall  comments, his support for Muslim bans and even concentration camps, and the 9,764,487,921 other awful things he has done and said in just the past month. But that s where we re at, and Republicans are finally coming around.It s easy to get caught up in the furor, but Saturday Night Live once again swooped in at the end of the week and saved the day as a re-broadcast of the vice presidential debate is interrupted by coverage of Pussy-Gate. I deeply apple-gize,  Baldwin s Trump continues as they mock his first public apology ever, with Trump being unable to even say the word.The sketch features a cutaway to a party at the Clinton campaign after the news broke and lots, lots more pussy. Watch it below:Featured image via screengrab",0
4296, New Audio Tapes Reveal Trump Called His Pregnant Wife A’Blimp’ And A ‘Monster’,"It turns out that there are more than just one audio recording out there where you can hear Donald Trump saying terribly misogynistic things. Around the same period a hot mic caught Donald Trump bragging about using his fame to sexually assault women in 2005, he also did an interview with Howard Stern where he said some very creepy and misogynistic things about his wife and daughter. This includes a bit of audio where Trump told Stern that it was okay for the shock DJ to call his daughter a piece of ass.  My daughter is beautiful, Ivanka,  says Trump during the interview.  By the way, your daughter,  says Stern. She s beautiful,  responds Trump. Can I say this? A piece of ass,  Stern responds. Yeah,  says Trump.During the show, Trump also called his wife Melania Trump a  monster  and a  blimp.   According to Trump he meant this to be a positive statement. That s because he was referring to Melania s breasts.  Like a blimp   in the right places. In her case, the right places. I mean she really has become a monster   in all the right places. I mean monster in the most positive way. She has gotten very, very large   in all the right places. Donald Trump s mouth is costing him big. It seems as if every hour another elected Republican has denounced Trump after Friday s release of the now infamous audio that has Trump s campaign burning in flames. Several have called for him to drop out of the race altogether. Even Mike Pence, his running mate had some sharp words for his electoral wingman. Funding halts suggest the RNC is prepared to stop supporting the Republican presidential nominee altogether. From now until the election   or Trump actually does end up dropping out   more skeletons from Trump s past are going to come out and consume his campaign. Remember just last week when it was revealed that Trump probably has not paid any income taxes in nearly two decades? The scandals just do not end with this loser. His campaign is toast. The fact that he has managed to stay as strong as he has in the race is a sad commentary on the state of the U.S. politics.   Trump, do yourself a favor and drop out already. It s only going to get worse from you from here on out.Featured image from Win McNamee/Getty Images",0
4297, Joe Biden Just Said What Every (Sane) Woman Is Thinking About Donald Trump,"Hillary Clinton and most of her surrogates have stayed silent, apparently waiting to pounce on Donald Trump during the debate scheduled for Sunday night. The Vice President, though, couldn t hold his opinion. He took to Twitter and said exactly what most women are thinking about Donald Trump s disgusting remarks about  grabbing  women by the  pussy.  Joe Biden called it sexual assault.The words are demeaning. Such behavior is an abuse of power. It s not lewd. It s sexual assault.  Joe  Joe Biden (@JoeBiden) October 8, 2016Much of the media (and Republicans) is treating the tape, in which Trump is heard talking about groping women and kissing them, without permission, as just more words. It s Trump as usual, they say, only raw and on steroids. The problem with that, though, is that Trump is describing criminal acts. He s clearly in the habit of using his power and money to take anything he wants, and women to Trump are just things.Biden has long been an advocate of women s rights. He has been a driving force behind helping to end the backlog of unprocessed rape kits.Biden was also key in the passage of the Violence Against Women Act in the Senate and calls it  the proudest thing I ve ever done.  His goal is to change the culture in this country. When a woman is raped, when a woman is abused, the first thing other women ask is what did you do? Why were you there? What were you wearing?  Biden said.  Folks, all the opportunity and entrepreneurship in the world is good. But ultimately, starting in this country, we have to change the culture. And we re not going to change that culture until not a single woman who is abused ever asks herself:  What did I do? Source: Huffington PostTrump supporters, of course, are doing the only thing they know how. They are playing a game of  I know you are but what am I  and are turning it around on Biden:Is this an official duty of the Vice President? Doubtful, Joe Biden , doubtful. Looks like an unwanted sexual advance. #TrumpTape pic.twitter.com/2JL40JDOlF  bbaroo (@DempseyToe) October 8, 2016They even posted this completely debunked video:You mean sexual assault like this, Joe Biden ? #TrumpTape pic.twitter.com/YhxKFTPiCT  bbaroo (@DempseyToe) October 8, 2016Of course, Biden isn t running for president and Trump is. It s not just women Trump disrespects, it s everyone. If his white male voters really think Trump is going to do something for them, they are sadly delusional. As for women, well, Trump s choice of Mike Pence as running mate should be all we need to know. The video was just confirmation that Trump isn t just a misogynist. He s a criminal, at east according to his own words.Featured image via Alex Wong/Getty Images",0
4298, Utah’s Oldest Paper DEMANDS Trump Drop Out Of Race In Scathing Must-Read Editorial,"As the Deseret News said on Saturday, they haven t endorsed a candidate in 80 years, but they made it clear who shouldn t be president in a damning editorial Trump supporters are going to hate. We are neutral on matters of partisan politics,  the editorial began.  We do, however, feel a duty to speak clearly on issues that affect the well-being and morals of the nation. Accordingly, today we call on Donald Trump to step down from his pursuit of the American presidency. Unlike some evangelical conservative  Christian  leaders like Tony Perkins and Ralph Reed, who still support Trump even after his lewd comments about groping women dropped like a bombshell on Friday, the Mormon-owned newspaper roundly condemned Trump and called for him to resign his candidacy, citing his lack of character.The idea that women secretly welcome the unbridled and aggressive sexual advances of powerful men has led to the mistreatment, sorrow and subjugation of countless women for far too much of human history.The notion that strength emanates from harsh, divisive and unbending rhetorical flourish mistakenly equates leadership with craven intimidation.The belief that the party and the platform matter more than the character of the candidate ignores the wisdom of the ages that,  when the wicked beareth rule, the people mourn.  (ProverbsThe editorial pointed to Trump s history of making misogynistic comments about women and said that Trump has failed time and time again to demonstrate the  ethical behavior  that presidents need to govern a nation with compassion, understanding, and respect. And then the editorial took aim at Trump s supporters.In the face of these revelations, it is disheartening to see otherwise decent individuals now attempting to defend Trump s talk, dismissing it as mere  locker room  bravado. At the time of the audio recording, Trump was not a hormonal teenage athlete, but rather a 60-year-old husband of an expectant mother and the father of four children.America s locker rooms deserve better.The Deseret News concluded by calling on Trump to resign but if he doesn t, Americans need to stand against him in November.This is one of those rare moments where it is necessary to take a clear stand against the hucksterism, misogyny, narcissism and latent despotism that infect the Trump campaign even as we hope for a more auspicious future of liberty, prosperity and peace for the nation.And it looks like the people will have to take that stand in November because Donald Trump has vowed to stay in the race. Let s just hope voters reject him by a landslide so that Republicans are never stupid enough to nominate someone like him ever again.Featured Image: Jessica Kourkounis/Getty Images",0
4299, JUST IN: Listen To Trump Tell Howard Stern It’s Fine To Call His Daughter A ‘Piece Of Ass’ (AUDIO),"It s been pretty obvious for a long time now that Donald Trump has a rather large crush on his daughter Ivanka. Even going so far as to say that if she wasn t his daughter he d be  dating her. It s gross to say the least, incestuous and disgusting to be perfectly honest.Well, now it s just been revealed that he thinks his daughter is a  piece of ass  and finds it perfectly acceptable for others to refer to her like that as well.In 2004, Trump appeared on the Howard Stern show yet again, and the subject of his daughter Ivanka came up. He said: My daughter is beautiful, Ivanka Stern responds: By the way, your daughter Trump interupts: She s beautiful. Stern asks: Can I say this? A piece of ass Trump replies: Yeah. Eewwwww.If Trump will talk about his own daughter like that, you know that he has absolutely zero respect for any and all women. No self-respecting woman should ever vote for him.Listen to the audio here:How any woman could vote for Trump at this point is beyond me. They either hate themselves or love being treated like a piece of meat. One or the other.Featured Photo by Mark Makela/Getty Images",0
4300, BREAKING: RNC Pulls Funding For Trump — Is It All Over?,"A major indicator that Donald Trump s campaign might be over just occurred. The Republican National Committee has put a temporary halt on their program aimed at getting Trump into the White House. According to an email obtained by Politico, at least one top vendor in what is called the  Victory  program and one official at the RNC are named in the email s cc line.  Politico reports: In an email from the RNC to a victory program mail vendor, with the subject line  Hold on all projects,  the committee asked the vendor to  put a hold  on mail production.   Please put a hold/stop on all mail projects right now. If something is in production or print it needs to stop. Will update you when to proceed,  Lauren Toomey, a staffer in the RNC s political department, wrote in an email that was obtained by POLITICO. Officials with the RNC have yet to release a statement on the matter.This, of course, comes after an audio recording was released where Trump can be heard talking about violently groping women. Trump has a long record of using hateful misogynistic language towards women. After hearing Trump s remarks in the recording, several Republicans in Congress have called for Trump to drop out of the race. This includes a video that Senator Mike Lee posted to his Facebook page, where he said that  If anyone spoke to my wife or my daughter or my mother or any of my five sisters the way [Donald Trump] has spoken to women, I wouldn t hire that person. Even Mike Pence, Trump s running mate released a statement where he lambasted Trump for the comments. If your wingman in your campaign has to call you out for making violently misogynistic comments, then your campaign is probably doomed.The evidence is beginning to mount that Trump s reign of terror may finally be over. While Trump dropping out at this juncture would almost assure Democratic nominee Hillary Clinton s victory   it was beginning to look like she already had the election in the bag anyway. It isn t too hard to imagine the GOP accepting that they are damned with Trump or without him. They may have figured the best they can do at this point is to give up and try and conserve their resources rather than try to back a loser.Featured image from Alex Wong/Getty Images",0
4301, BREAKING: Melania Comes Out AGAINST Her Husband In New Statement (DETAILS),"After audio was leaked revealing Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump speaking about women in a way that only a sexual predator would, even going so far as to say he ll just grab a woman by the  p*ssy  without her consent, many have come out condemning his remarks. Including many in the Republican party.Now, even Trump s wife Melania has released a statement condemning his horrible behavior.The statement reads: The words my husband used are unacceptable and offensive to me. This does not represent the man that I know. He has the heart and mind of a leader. I hope people will accept his apology, as I have, and focus on the important issues facing our nation and world. JUST IN: Melania Trump issues statement following release of husband's 2005 sexually-charged remarks https://t.co/16BtQywsPR pic.twitter.com/IP29jnoUks  ABC News (@ABC) October 8, 2016Of course, by the end of her statement, she appears to stand by her man, but even she can t stomach the disgusting remarks that were uttered from her husband s lips.Good on Melania for taking a stand and speaking up against her husband. Many were waiting to see what she had to say, and this was more than many expected from her.It s going to be interesting to see how the Trump campaign handles all of this moving forward.Featured Photo by Michael Bocchieri/Getty Images",0
4302, Campaign Chaos: Mike Pence Just Slammed Trump For His Remarks On Groping Women,"Only a few days ago, it seemed as if Donald Trump could not make a gaffe big enough to end his campaign. Then on Friday, audio of Trump from 2005 was released in which Trump makes violently misogynistic remarks regarding groping women. It s set his campaign into a tailspin and even his running mate, Mike Pence, is now calling out Trump.Pence made his remarks in a statement Saturday where he wrote:  As a husband and father, I was offended by the words and actions described by Donald Trump in the eleven-year-old video released yesterday. I do not condone his remarks and cannot defend them. I am grateful that he has expressed remorse and apologized to the American people. We pray for his family and look forward to the opportunity he has to show what is in his heart when he goes before the nation tomorrow night. The beginning of Pence s statement is reminiscent of a viral video post made by Republican Senator Mike Lee made after hearing the audio. Except for the fact that Lee went a step further and pleaded with Trump to drop out of the race. Two other Republican Senators have called for Trump to drop out after hearing the audio. While the statement from Pence is written in a manner that positions Trump along the lines as a sinner who might still be capable of redemption, the word from insiders is that Pence is absolutely furious with Trump. WaPo national political correspondent, Philip Rucker, recently tweeted that a source close to Trump said that Pence is  absolutely apoplectic  about Trump s groping comments. A source close to Trump camp told me Pence and his team are  absolutely apoplectic,  ""melting down  and ""inconsolable.  Philip Rucker (@PhilipRucker) October 8, 2016This statement from Pence provides more evidence that Trump s campaign is in crisis. Pence s position as Trump s wing-man is clear. Pence is supposed to and has been making the case for Trump to socially conservative Christian Republicans, an unfortunate position to be in at the present moment. There is no way to make a man who caused the entire nation to hear the word  pussy  on repeat in the news cycle be palatable to the moderate Christian right-wing. Featured image from Chip Somodevilla/Getty Images",0
4303, Hypocrite Conservative ‘Christian’ Leaders STILL Support Trump After His ‘P*ssy’ Comments,"Just when you thought support of Donald Trump would drop to zero it turns out there is still one group that backs him 100 percent. Despite claiming to be all about  family values  and biblical principles, conservative evangelical leaders still refuse to revoke their endorsement of the Republican nominee.In 1995, Trump made vulgar comments about women while bragging to Access Hollywood reporter Billy Bush that he can grope any woman he wants because he is famous. You know I m automatically attracted to beautiful   I just start kissing them,  Trump said.  It s like a magnet. Just kiss. I don t even wait. And when you re a star they let you do it. You can do anything. Grab them by the p*ssy. The offensive remarks were finally enough to cause many Republicans to condemn Trump and call for him to drop out of the race.But conservative  Christian  leaders like Family Research Council president Tony Perkins and Faith and Freedom Coalition president Ralph Reed say they both still support and want Trump to be President of the United States. My personal support for Donald Trump has never been based upon shared values, it is based upon shared concerns about issues such as: justices on the Supreme Court that ignore the constitution, America s continued vulnerability to Islamic terrorists and the systematic attack on religious liberty that we ve seen in the last 7 1/2 years,  Perkins said. Voters of faith are voting on issues like who will protect unborn life, defend religious freedom, create jobs, and oppose the Iran nuclear deal,  added Reed.  Ten-year-old tapes of private conversation with a television talk show host rank very low on their hierarchy of concerns. Wow.These two so-called  men of God  are literally still supporting Donald Trump and think his remarks aren t a big deal at all. And they have the nerve to call themselves  Christians. It makes one wonder what it will take to make these assholes change their minds about Trump?Because sexually assaulting women certainly doesn t bother them at all. And frankly, they should be ousted from their positions and ostracized by the Christian community they claim to represent.Featured image via Wikimedia",0
4304, WATCH: Trump-Supporting Conservative Writer Says The ‘Race Is Over’ Because Of ‘P*ssy’ Remarks,"Donald Trump s campaign just suffered its worst implosion yet, and conservatives have flown into a panic. On Friday, audio surfaced of Trump bragging to Access Hollywood reporter Billy Bush that he is so famous that he is able to  grab  any woman he finds beautiful  by the p*ssy. Ever since, Republicans have been running away from their own nominee, including Paul Ryan, Mike Lee, and Utah s GOP Governor. And even one of Trump s most ardent supporters is now declaring that his campaign is doomed.Crystal Wright wrote a column earlier this week in which she called black people  slaves  for voting for Hillary Clinton. She accused black people of voting for their color instead of voting their conscience.  What do blacks have to lose voting for Trump?  she asked.  Absolutely nothing. But now Wright is singing a different tune after the bombshell that dropped yesterday. I think it does matter what Donald Trump said and I think this is the death knell in his campaign,  she told CNN host Mike Smerconish after he pointed out that Trump supporters don t care what he says. A lot of Trump supporters are saying, is it doesn t matter what he does. It doesn t matter what he says. The thought of Hillary being president is so abhorrent  I am hitching myself to his wagon regardless.  Is that it? The problem with Donald Trump,  Wright explained.  The reason why this comment is a punctuation mark on the narrative that he hates women is because isolated incident after isolated incident, we find Donald Trump saying awful things about women. Indeed, Trump has a history of talking about women as if they are sex objects meant to be conquered and controlled by men, which is why over 70 percent of women have an unfavorable view of him in this election.Wright still refuses to vote for Hillary Clinton despite Trump s lewd comments but she did acknowledge that his campaign just lost the presidential contest. He cannot pivot away from this nonsense and talk about policies. Unfortunately this is coming in the ninth inning. I m not happy about it. I will not vote for her, but in many ways it looks to me like the race is over. Here s the video via CNN.You know Trump is in trouble when even his most ardent supporters can no longer defend him.Featured image via screenshot",0
4305, WATCH: GOP Senator Pleads With Trump To Drop Out Of The Election (VIDEO),"Mike Lee (R-Utah) has been a major figure in among Congressional Republicans in the #NeverTrump movement.  Following the release of audio recordings from 2005 that show just how much of a violent misogynist Donald Trump actually is, Lee has called for Trump to drop out of the race.  Lee posted a video to his Facebook page where he gives a scathing response to Trump. During the video the senator says: If anyone spoke to my wife or my daughter or my mother or any of my five sisters the way [Donald Trump] has spoken to women, I wouldn t hire that person. I wouldn t hire that person, wouldn t want to be associated with that person, and I certainly don t think I d feel comfortable hiring that person to be the leader of the free world. Lee is absolutely correct. Imagine if Trump sat down in a job interview and the person interviewing him heard what Trump said in 2005. No one in their right mind would hire a person like that. That isn t all Lee had to say. He goes on to lambast the Republican nominee calling for him to drop out and let someone else run in his place.  Your conduct, sir, is the distraction. It s the distraction from the very principles that will help us win in November. You yourself, sir, Mr. Trump, have stated repeatedly that the goal, the objective, has got to be to defeat Hillary Clinton in November. I couldn t agree more. Mr. Trump, I respectfully ask you, with all due respect to step aside. Step down. Allow someone else to carry the banner of these principles. Trump has no experience, no civility, and no practical policy ideas. If he was a prospective employee for any modern company, he would not be hired. It s ridiculous to think that a person whose public behavior would  keep them out of even entry level positions could possibly be deemed qualified to be the president of the United States. What every voter in the United States needs to ask themselves   especially women   is if they would enjoy having Trump as a boss. Would they feel comfortable working in an environment where they knew that their boss held openly violent misogynistic views? How about f the fathers and husbands out there knew that their wife or daughter was working for a man like Trump? I certainly wouldn t and I couldn t think of a single person who would want to live in such a nightmare scenario. Lee cannot say it, though he must know that having Trump drop out of the race at this point in the election would mean a landslide victory for Hillary Clinton. It could also possibly do major in down ballot elections across the nation, further jeopardizing the GOP s control of Congress. Lee and others appear willing to take that risk to prevent a Trump administration. That should tell every voter out there just exactly how important it is to keep Trump out of office.Watch:Featured image from video screenshot",0
4306, WATCH: Bill Maher BURIES Trump For His Crude ‘Grab Them By The P*ssy’ Remark,"Hurricane Matthew isn t the only hurricane, nor the biggest one, hitting the United States right now because Hurricane Trump struck again on Friday. Looks like we dodged the bullet a little bit with that storm,  Maher began in reference to the hurricane in Florida.  However, with Donald Trump talking about women, it has been upgraded to a category five shitstorm. Newly discovered audio caught the Republican nominee having an incredibly offensive conversation in the 1990s with Billy Bush on a hot mic about women during an appearance on Access Hollywood. Trump bragged about how he is so famous that he can walk up to any woman and just  grab them by the p*ssy  and that whenever he sees a beautiful woman he just starts kissing them, apparently even when they don t want him to do so.Maher said that not knowing that the mic was still on  is one indication that you re a fucking idiot  and proceeded to quote Trump s remarks while talking like him. You know I m automatically attracted to beautiful. I just start kissing them. I don t even wait. When you re a star you can do anything. You can grab them by the pussy. Grab them by the pussy?!  Maher exasperatingly repeated before using the words to hit Trump where it hurts the most.  Sounds like what Hillary did to Trump at the first debate. Is this really happening?  Maher asked again. The guy who s running for president says  grab them by the p*ssy?!' Maher said he can t wait for the Sunday talk shows to hear how the Trump surrogates are going to spin this.  Look, George, people are tired of Washington politicians who won t grab the voters by the p*ssy. Donald Trump and Mike Pence are making sexual assault great again. Maher spent the remainder of his epic monologue slamming Mike Pence, informing the  family values  conservative who believe marriage is  the glue that holds societies together  that when Trump hugs Pence s wife,  that s not glue. Here s the video via YouTube.Donald Trump is a sexual predator who should be in prison, not the White House. This latest revelation is so bad that Paul Ryan disinvited Trump to his campaign rally in Wisconsin. The question is whether they will have the balls to remove Trump from the ticket entirely, because if they continue to stick with him as their nominee, every Republican on the ballot in November should be defeated. Featured image via screenshot",0
4307, Robert De Niro Just Told The World He Wants To Punch Trump In The Face (VIDEO),"Robert De Niro was supposed to appear in a non-partisan public service announcement for the get out the vote organization, Vote Your Future, but the actor had a difficult time staying on script. Instead, he used the opportunity to go off on Trump in one of the most passionate anti-Trump videos to date. He s so blatantly stupid,  the video beings.  He s a punk. He s a dog (please don t insult dogs, Robert), he s a pig, he s a con, a bullshit artist, a mutt (again with the dog insult) who doesn t know what he s talking about. He doesn t do his homework,  De Niro continued,  doesn t care. He s gaming society, doesn t pay his taxes. He s an idiot. Colin Powell said it best,  he s a national disaster, he s an embarrassment to this country.' It makes me so angry,  added De Niro,  that this country has gotten to this point that this fool, this bozo, has wound up where he has. He talks how he wants to punch people in the face,  a visibly angry De Niro said,Vote Your Future chose not to include the video in their campaign, since they are non-partisan. Oddly, though, Fox News  Megyn Kelly did air the segment, in fact, it was giving specifically to her. Here it is:The video was recorded before Friday s game changing video of Donald Trump talking about groping women, but the timing coincided very well. You can be sure that De Niro s opinion hasn t changed.Is the fact that Kelly, on Fox News, was the person to release this video a sign that Fox News is turning on the GOP candidate or is this just another shot in Kelly s war against Trump?As for De Niro, bravo, although it s not a huge risk to turn on Trump these days. Everyone in Hollywood, from Republican politicians to evangelical Christians, are turning on Trump. The only remaining mystery is why people still support this narcissistic, thin-skinned, racist, nationalistic, misogynistic monster.Featured image via Kevin Winter/Getty Images. ",0
4308, These 2 Trump Lovers Just Excused Him With The Most Appalling Statements Ever (TWEETS),"The fallout from what s turning out to be a thousand times worse than Mitt Romney s  47 percent  comment is spiraling out into the ether. Those who are still loyal to Trump are reaching ever further in a sad and sorry attempt to explain away his bragging about sexually harassing and assaulting Nancy O Dell back in 2005.First up is Sean Hannity, who s so far up Trump s ass it s hard to tell where he ends and Trump begins. He ll say anything as long as it keeps him Trump s good graces, even to the point where it causes problems with his colleagues at Fox News. But he really went too far in excusing Trump s behavior: King David had five hundred concubines for crying out loud.  Sean Hannity, who I can t believe I m watching but there it is.  Ross Douthat (@DouthatNYT) October 8, 2016Wow. King David had 500 concubines so it s okay for a man who s trying to appeal to Christians who abhor adultery supposedly to screw around. Except it wasn t  screwing around.  That implies it was mutual. Clearly, Hannity is laboring under the delusion that all the outcry is because Trump cheated on Melania. Trying to rape a woman is not just  cheating.  Hannity s response is actually worse than Ben Carson s response, where his spokesperson ended his statement by saying  the flesh is weak. The chair of the Washington State Republican Party is little better, blaming Democrats for this:Washington State Republican Party Chair Susan Hutchison defends Trump comments, says they  were made when he was a Democrat  BNO News (@BNONews) October 8, 2016So it s all okay because he wasn t a Republican then. This would never happen now (except Trump hasn t changed and won t change so it most definitely can happen now). Maybe she s worried that this will reflect badly on the GOP? It does   they chose this misogynistic stale beer fart for their standard-bearer. Saying it happened when he was a Democrat, as if that makes it all okay, just looks even worse.Give it up, guys. Your candidate is done.Featured image by Drew Angerer/Getty Images",0
4309," One Of Trump’s Groping Victims Just Came Forward, Campaign Is PANICKING (VIDEO)","After a tape was released in which Donald Trump was heard talking about how he loves to grope women, even married women, you can expect a rash of his victims to come forward. The first one, it appears, was with his one-time business partner, Jill Harth.The New York Times wrote about Harth s experiences on Friday. In it, she called Trump  relentless.  The man she described in the interview was a predator   a would-be rapist.She and her longtime boyfriend, George Houraney attended meetings with Trump in the early 90s. Even when sitting at a table with her boyfriend, Harth recalled Trump putting his hand up her skirt, all the way up to her crotch. I didn t know how to handle it. I would go away from him and say I have to go to the restroom. It was the escape route. Darth and Houraney had approached Trump with a business proposal that was right up his alley. They wanted to hold  calendar girl  beauty contests, an automobile show, a music competition and other events at his Atlantic City casino. They wanted Trump to do business with them, but as the evening wore on, Harth was getting more and more uncomfortable.The first sign of trouble came the day before the evening groping, in an initial business meeting in which, Harth and Houraney say, Trump spent the time asking about the breasts of the beauty contestants   real or enhanced?   and staring at Harth, then 30. At one point he asked Houraney,  Are you sleeping with her?  Houraney explained awkwardly that they were a couple, but Trump was unfazed. You know, there s going to be a problem,  Trump told Houraney, according to a 1997 sexual harassment lawsuit Harth filed against him.  I m very attracted to your girlfriend. About six weeks later, Trump gave Harth and Houraney a tour of Mar-a-Lago. They brought some of the calendar girls, but Trump wanted Harth. He pulled her into Ivanka s room (that s right, he tried to have sex in his daughter s bedroom.) I was admiring the decoration, and next thing I know he s pushing me against a wall and has his hands all over me,  Harth told me.  He was trying to kiss me. I was freaking out. Harth says she was desperately protesting, and finally managed to run out of the room and find the group again. She and Houraney left rather than stay the night, as they had intended.Harth and Houraney tried to continue the business relationship. Trump kept persisting and Harth was afraid he was going to rape her. His mind was in a totally different place than mine,  Harth recalls.  He thinks he s God s gift to women. They did end up doing business with Trump. She didn t report it to the police. Trump, not surprisingly, tried not to pay the couple, but he eventually settled out of court, but only after she agreed to withdraw a sexual harassment suit, which detailed all the allegations.The couple eventually married and then divorced. They do not speak, but their stories, according to the Times, did match. Eventually, Harth ended up dating Trump. When asked why, Harth responded: I was scared, thinking,  what am I going to do now?  she says.  When he called me and tried to work on me again, I was thinking maybe I should give this a try, maybe if he s still working on me, I should give this rich guy a chance. Here she is talking about it with The Guardian:Trump didn t respond to the New York Times, but he has publicly trashed Harth in the past, saying she was the one who was obsessed. She, surprisingly, wanted to work on his campaign, doing his hair and makeup. Still, the Times is convinced her story is true and after Friday s revelations, it wouldn t be surprising. We know Trump has zero respect for women. We know he sees them as a collection of body parts and that s it. We also know that he feels entitled to take whatever the hell he wants, even if what he wants is a human being. Trump is even accused of raping a 13-year-old. Would attempting to rape an adult be so inconceivable? It is going to be tough for Trump to spin his way out of this.Featured image Jill Harth via video screen capture | Featured image of Donald Trump via Diane Freed/Getty Images.",0
4310," WATCH: Trump Issues Bizarre Response To Leak Of Groping Audio, And It’s A Total DISASTER (VIDEO)","Donald Trump issued a strange video after midnight on Friday night to address the leaked audio of him making crude jokes about sexually assaulting women. The video, released via his Facebook page had all the appearance of a hostage video, and the actual content was almost as bad.Referencing his comment that he would  grab them by the p y  and that he was in favor of pushing himself on women and kissing them, Trump said,  Anyone who knows me knows these words don t reflect who I am. I said it, I was wrong, and I apologize. He then went on to say,  Hillary Clinton and her kind have run our country into the ground,  and made the allegation that  Bill Clinton has actually abused women. The comments come as condemnations continue to pile up against Trump from his fellow Republicans, and some have also called for him to completely drop out of the race. Senator Mark Kirk of Illinois, stuck in a tight race against Democratic Rep. Tammy Duckworth, called for Trump to leave the race, as did former New York Governor George Pataki.Other Republicans, while not calling for Trump to drop out, issued condemnations, including Speaker Paul Ryan (who disinvited him from a joint campaign event), Senator Ted Cruz, Senator Marco Rubio, former Governor Jeb Bush, and Senator Kelly Ayotte, among others.Trump was roundly condemned by Hillary Clinton s campaign, and her spokesperson issued a statement:  This is horrific. We cannot allow this man to become president.  Her running mate, Senator Tim Kaine also responded to Trump s remarks:  This kind of behavior is disgusting. It makes me sick to my stomach. Some reports have indicated that senior officials hastily arranged meetings on Friday night to discuss possible scenarios in which Trump would be removed from the ticket. But doing so is nearly impossible at this point, and several states that allow early voting have already had ballots cast.This is unquestionably a disaster for the Republican Party, and Trump s crazed, petulant video does not help.Featured image via screen capture",0
4311, Trump Tried To FIRE The Woman He Worked So Hard To Sleep With After She Spurned Him,"The woman that Trump claimed he tried so hard to sleep, and admittedly failed to do so, is Nancy O Dell, who hosted the Miss USA pageant in 2004 and 2005. Trump spoke of sexually assaulting her in 2005, but what many may not know is that he apparently tried to have her fired after that.At the time, he said he didn t like the way she looked while she was pregnant. TMZ reported, back in 2007, that Trump couldn t do that. O Dell s contract was with NBC, not with Trump, and he got overruled. O Dell kept her job, and Trump got to sulk in the background.So the  official  reason for wanting to fire her was that he didn t like the way she looked pregnant. Knowing Trump, though, he was butthurt that she d spurned him and wanted to punish her for the audacity. This is the man that pretended to be a PR person to hype up his own prowess with women back in the early  90s, after all.Trump claims he was just joking with Billy Bush on an  Access Hollywood  bus when the ahem disgustingly unfortunate comments about assaulting O Dell were made. O Dell was slated to host Miss USA with Bush that year, making this all the more terrible.Billy Bush is now a co-host of NBC s  Today Show,  and is probably in some hot water, considering this is the third time he s given NBC problems. He issued an apology for his role in pushing sexual harassment and assault as something men can just do when they re famous, saying: I was younger, less mature, and acted foolishly in playing along. I m very sorry. Yeah, younger and less mature totally excuses this. It also totally excuses trying to fire her afterward. Trump s true motives may never be known, but it s highly suspicious, and knowing Trump, it s because her rejection just rankled him and he had to put her in her place.Photo of Donald Trump by Ralph Freso/Getty Images. Photo of Nancy O Dell by David Becker/Getty Images. Images merged by Rika Christensen",0
4312, Trump’s Revolting ‘Hot Mic’ Moment Has Just Blown His Campaign And The GOP To Bits (VIDEO),"Earlier today, an audio recording surfaced of Donald Trump talking about working really hard to fuck a married woman eight months after he married Melania. But this is about more than just a leaked extramarital affair; he actually tried to assault this woman and he bragged that he just starts kissing beautiful women, which is likewise sexual assault.His inner circle and surrogates don t know what to do with this.Mike Pence actually dodged his press pool and then disappeared when they asked him about it. Politico s Matthew Nussbaum got that on video and posted it to Twitter earlier today:My attempt to get Pence to respond to the Trump tape. He ignored the question. pic.twitter.com/jgv5rUJZIb  Matthew Nussbaum (@MatthewNussbaum) October 7, 2016Perhaps, when he s had a chance to calm down, he ll tell the press that Trump never said those things he said. He s good at that. Maybe he ll even say the audio was doctored, the Washington Post s David Farenthold obviously fabricated it, whatever. It ll be the only way that Mr. Mike Family Values Pence can deal with this without cracking up.One of Pence s campaign staffers said that his hasty departure with no comment to his press pool had nothing to do with this news. We call bullshit on that.Ben Carson, another staunch defender of  family values,  and who s one of Trump s surrogates now for whatever reason, said through his spokesman that this is no big deal, because everyone cheats on their spouse: You know, these things happen. I m sure somebody could find a video of Bill Clinton talking like this   are we gonna say Bill Clinton was the same person as president that he is today? Obviously not.People commit adultery. It happens. Ministers. Heads of state. Everyday people. People are human, they do human things. It s nothing unusual that somebody committed adultery on their spouse. Women do it. Men do it. Should we be shocked by it? No. The difference is that Republicans tried to argue, back in the day, that Bill Clinton s sexual escapades made him unfit to be President. They felt, at the time, that presidents should be held to a higher standard. Yet here s Ben Carson, a staunch evangelical and Republican, basically saying,  Eh. Everyone does it. So what? Others are not so quick to defend him, though. Paul Ryan, who had finally managed to swallow his bile enough to appear with Trump, disinvited him to the Wisconsin event tomorrow and will appear alone.He said: I am sickened by what I heard today. Women are to be championed and revered, not objectified. I hope Mr. Trump treats this situation with the seriousness it deserves and works to demonstrate to the country that he has greater respect for women than the clip suggests. RNC Chairman Reince Priebus, who has spent an awful lot of time defending Trump from various attacks since the July convention, blasted him: No woman should ever be described in these terms or talked about in this manner. Ever. And one of his own campaign advisers said: This should have never happened. I wish it had never happened. I think I know that men talk this way sometimes, but it s nothing I would ever want to hear or condone or approve of. My reaction is   it s appalling. It s just flat out appalling. The adviser said,  Another day in Trump world I hate it. Trump s campaign did issue an apology, but it was lukewarm and backhanded and tried to deflect some of the backlash by saying Bill Clinton was probably worse.And so it goes. If Bill Clinton was unfit to serve because of his extramarital affairs, then what s Trump for sexually assaulting women and openly bragging about it? The GOP will never coalesce around a response for this.Featured image by Ethan Miller/Getty Images",0
4313, NEW EVIDENCE Confirms Worst Fears: Russia Is Behind Hacks Aimed At Making Trump President,"The White House announced on Friday that it was  confident the Russian government, hiding behind the anonymous  Guccifer 2.0  moniker, has been unilaterally responsible for a series of breaches and leaks against the Democratic National Committee and other Democratic political entities for one reason   to tilt the election in favor of Donald Trump. The Obama Administration is asking  state and local election officials to be vigilant and seek cybersecurity assistance,  which most states have agreed to do.Without mentioning Trump by name, Jeh Johnson, the Secretary of Homeland Security, and James Clapper, the Director of National Intelligence, said in a statement: These thefts and disclosures are intended to interfere with the U.S. election process. Such activity is not new to Moscow   the Russians have used similar tactics and techniques across Europe and Eurasia, for example, to influence public opinion there.We believe, based on the scope and sensitivity of these efforts, that only Russia s senior-most officials could have authorized these activities. It appears the truth is out   Trump s newfound BFF and idol, Russian President Vladimir Putin, is in the hot seat, and his cronies will have to answer for their rigging of our election system.This confirmation comes several weeks after Democrats on the Senate and House Intelligence Committees have come to the same conclusion; that Russia is, indeed, behind the recent hackings. Rep. Adam Schiff, who serves on the House Intelligence Committee, applauded the White House s response, and called on it to release their findings to the pubic: I applaud the administration s decision to publicly name Russia as the source of hacks into U.S. political institutions. All of us should be gravely concerned when a foreign power like Russia seeks to undermine our democratic institutions, and we must do everything in our power to guard against it. Congress knows it. The White House knows it. The media knows it. The voters know it. Russia is trying to influence this election and get their friend and ally Donald J. Trump elected.Featured image via Chip Somodevilla/Getty Images",0
4314, The Trump Camp May Have Just Thrown Out Every Crucial Swing State,"Trump s campaign is continuing its ahem unorthodox methods following revelations that internal polling shows Trump s numbers are even worse than they re letting on. Less than five weeks before the election, the campaign has actually cancelled $1.6 million in ad buys in Pennsylvania, Ohio, Florida and North Carolina, as well as New Hampshire, Maine, Iowa and Colorado.Trump only has a couple of paths to the White House, and they all involve most of these states. He doesn t win these states, he doesn t win the election. End of, so why on earth would they do this when we re nearing the home stretch? A senior communications adviser, Jason Miller, tried to spin it as a strategic move, saying: Our data-driven campaign is shifting resources from over-performing markets to new battlegrounds w/in the battlegrounds. Buy is growing. Outsiders are skeptical, though. Dan Pfeiffer, who once served as Obama s communications director, said: This is what the professionals call horseshit. Pfeiffer could have said,  Total, utter and complete horseshit,  but he was probably being diplomatic. The Trump campaign claimed they were going to spend $100 million on ad buys from the beginning of September through the Nov. 8 election. They ve spent less than half of that, though, and part of the problem is questions about how the campaign plans to pay for all those ads.In fact, it s bad enough that outside groups are starting to pick up the slack. It s not likely going to be enough, however, and Republicans are actually expecting Trump to write himself another check in order to keep his campaign afloat.While it s true that they aren t pulling all the ads from those states and are supposedly keeping them in bigger markets, this smacks of the disarray in the campaign following Trump s series of worse-than-usual weeks. Furthermore, there is another debate coming up, and with Trump s horrible performance in the last one, the campaign may be rearranging everything it can in anticipation of a repeat performance, to try and mitigate the damage.Regardless, this could easily backfire on them.Featured image by Spencer Platt/Getty Images",0
4315," Trump Still Racist As Ever, Continues To Accuse Exonerated ‘Central Park Five’ Of Rape (TWEETS)","Republican nominee Donald Trump s outreach to win over minorities has been a disaster, and what he just said about a group of exonerated men is probably going to end whatever support he had.Trump had been big on accusing the  Central Park Five    the five teens wrongfully accused of raping a woman in Central Park   ever since the case blew up in 1989. During that time, Trump had taken out a full-page ad in the New York Times blaming the teens, and using them as the reason why New York State should bring back the death penalty (ironic, because Trump himself has been accused of rape several times). The ad, which was signed by Trump himself, said: They should be forced to suffer and, when they kill, they should be executed for their crimes. Just to be clear, these were minority TEENAGERS  one was Latino and four were black   and Trump called for their death. Decades later, Trump continues to double down on those comments. According to a CNN report, Trump revealed that he still thinks these five men are guilty, despite the fact that they were exonerated and awarded $41 million for wrongful imprisonment in 2002. Trump said: They admitted they were guilty. The police doing the original investigation say they were guilty. The fact that that case was settled with so much evidence against them is outrageous. And the woman, so badly injured, will never be the same. Yes, Trump still believes these men are responsible for what happened to Trisha Meili, despite the fact that DNA evidence pointed to Matias Reyes, who confessed to the crime.Trump has questioned the release of the Central Park Five before. After the men were released and received their settlement in 2014, Trump said,  Settling doesn t mean innocence. Fortunately, no one has forgotten Trump s racist past with the Central Park Five, and are spreading this information far and wide just weeks ahead of the election. This is certainly a bad time for Trump to be reminding everyone how racist he is:TwitterTwitterTwitterTwitterTwitterIt s mind-boggling that Trump still cannot accept their innocence, despite the evidence. But perhaps this explanation by Michael D Antonio, the author of The Truth About Trump, will shed some light onto it: He s not a person who takes in new information and then adjusts and accepts reality. The only reality that matters to him is his judgment, which was rendered many years prior. Featured image via Win McNamee / Getty Images",0
4316, BREAKING: Trump’s Worst Nightmare Realized As Hot Mic Destroys His White House Chances (VIDEO),"Donald Trump is a misogynist. We all know that. He has demonstrated it many times, and anyone with access to cable or the internet has seen the numerous advertisements from Democratic presidential nominee Hillary Clinton s campaign using Trump s own words as we see images of young girls and women with body image issues. That s to say nothing of the week-long weight-shaming episode he engaged in with the winner of Miss Universe 1996, Alicia Machado, who revealed that Trump publicly humiliated her during her reign for putting on a few pounds, and even referred to her as  Miss Piggy. As horrific as all of those examples are, though, that s nothing compared to what has just been released. It is a 2005 conversation between Trump and Billy Bush, who worked for Access Hollywood at the time. Trump and Bush were on a bus, and they were discussing women s bodies. Trump had only been married to Melania for eight months at the time, but he was going on and on about some married woman he had been attempting to sleep with. On the audio, Trump s clearly recognizable voice can be heard saying: I moved on her actually, she was down in Palm Beach and I failed. I ll admit it. I did try to fuck her, she was married   and I moved on her very heavily. I took her out furniture shopping. She wanted to get some furniture and I told her  I ll show you where you can get some nice furniture,  Trump is heard saying.  I moved on her like a bitch, and I could not get there, and she was married. And all the sudden I see her and she s got the big phony tits, she s totally changed her look.' He says of women he finds attractive in general: I m automatically attracted to beautiful women   I just start kissing them, it s like a magnet. I don t even wait. And when you re a star, they let you do it. You can do anything  Grab  em by the pussy. Trump then goes on to talk about a pretty woman who was to greet them at the bus: Woah, woah. I gotta use some Tic Tacs just in case I start kissing her. Of course, the Trump campaign is brushing it aside. Trump himself says in a statement: This was locker room banter, a private conversation that took place many years ago. Bill Clinton has said far worse to me on the golf course   not even close. I apologize if anyone was offended. No, this is most certainly NOT just  locker room banter  at this point. This is just another chapter in a lifetime of misogyny, of objectifying, bullying, and mistreating women. If this doesn t show that Donald Trump is a clear sexist who engages in regular bouts of disgusting lewdness and belongs nowhere near the White House, I don t know what will.Listen to his disgusting words below (warning: explicit language):Featured image via Drew Angerer/Getty Images",0
4317, White Supremacist PAC Launches Radio Ad Touting Trump As Champion Of Christians,"Remember the pro-Trump white supremacist PAC that was placing robocalls on The Donald s behalf during the primaries? Yeah, well, they re back. And this time, they have unleashed a xenophobic radio ad touting Donald Trump as the champion of Christians.William Daniel Johnson, a Los Angeles attorney, was happy to foot the bill for the new ad via the super-PAC American National. The white nationalist PAC is not actually affiliated with the Trump campaign, but man, they just love the GOP nominee and his bigoted messages. Our country is at a crossroads and time is running out,  the ad begins. It then throws in some good old-fashioned anti-brown people fearmongering and asks,  Do you want a strong leader who will secure our borders and stop the flow of illegal aliens and radical Islamic terrorists?  And follows up with a reminder that a vote for Trump is clearly a vote for Jesus, asking, Do you want a president who will safeguard the interests of Christians? So just who is William Johnson? Well, for starters, he a well-known white supremacist who says he wants to create  a white ethno-state because  that s the only way western civilization and the white race will survive. Johnson is also serving as the president of the American Freedom Party (AFP). According to the Southern Poverty Law Center, the AFP was  initially established by racist Southern California skinheads,  and aims to deport immigrants and return the United States to white rule. There was an uproar when it was discovered that the Trump campaign had chosen Johnson to serve as a delegate. Following the backlash, the campaign claimed it was all a mistake due to a database error   and Johnson stepped down. The AFP said it was no big deal because plenty of other of white supremacists were serving as Trump delegates.The robocalls Johnson sponsored during the primaries featured such phrases as,  We don t need Muslims. We need smart, well-educated white people.  In another call, an older woman identified herself as a proud member of the AFP and said, I am voting for Donald Trump because he will not only be presidential, he will put America first. Furthermore, he will respect all women and will help preserve Western civilization. Trump was pressured into giving one of his half-ass condemnations of the robocalls, but he followed it up by excusing the calls as simply the result of people being angry. So no harm, no foul.Johnson also set up a 24/7 hotline offering legal advice and emotional support to Trump fans who felt they had been bullied by one of Hillary s evil liberal minions.The radio ad is scheduled to air in Alabama, Arizona, Florida, Missouri, Nevada, Oregon, and Tennessee.Featured image via  Christopher Gregory/Getty Images",0
4318, WATCH: Fox Hosts Crudely Brag That Hurricane Matthew Will Hurt Democrats In Florida,"Hurricane Matthew is helping Republicans suppress voters who could help Democrats win Florida in November and Fox News is gleeful about it.During a broadcast on Fox Business, host Stuart Varney and guest Tucker Carlson bragged about how Florida Governor Rick Scott refuses to extend the voter registration deadline past October 11th even though a massive hurricane is forcing mass evacuations from the coastal areas. I expect President Obama to go down there, probably Hillary Clinton will go down, and probably Donald Trump,  Varney began. So there s going to be the aftermath politics. Who s going to win this one? Carlson responded by basically calling Democratic voters lazy and seemed to relish the idea that weather hurts Democratic voters. The conventional view, and I think it s right, is that anything that makes voting more difficult hurts the Democrats because their voters tend to be less committed   and there may be other factors there too. But that is definitely what political consultants believe. If it rains, there s bad weather, if anything gets in the way of easy voting, Democrats suffer. Varney mentioned that Governor Scott, a Trump supporter, has refused Clinton s request to extend the deadline. I guess that would tend to favor the Republican Party in November,  he quipped. It favors people who are organized, who know what they re voting for, who have their lives together,  Carlson responded.  I mean, I guess you could say that favors the Republicans. Varney himself admitted that gloating about the good fortune of Republicans when a hurricane is pounding the state and causing a lot of damage to people s homes is  almost crass,  but that didn t deter either host one bit. What I m getting at here is you ve got this massive storm, it s arrived, it has hit Florida, Florida is a key state The politicians are going to be all over it. My initial reaction is to say that it favors the Republicans. I hate to be   I think that sounds almost crass to be making political judgments when the storm is still hitting But nonetheless, I think that s where its going. Here s the video via Media Matters.Hillary Clinton and Donald Trump are locked in a battle for the presidency and Florida is a state that has had historical importance on Election Day, especially when the election is close.And since Democrats lead the GOP in registered voters and have added tens of thousands of new voters to the rolls, especially Hispanics, it s clear that Republicans are using Hurricane Matthew as an excuse to stifle Democratic gains.Florida Governor Rick Scott should extend the deadline but he is only interested in doing things that helps Republicans, even if that means screwing over thousands of Florida residents.Featured Image: Screenshot",0
4319, Fox Host Gives Trump The Most PATHETICALLY Desperate Advice For Winning Second Debate (VIDEO),"Donald Trump s first debate against his Democratic rival Hillary Clinton went just as poorly as we thought it would   and conservatives know it. It s never been more clear that Trump doesn t even deserve to be on the same stage as Clinton, and all the holes in his campaign are being exposed effortlessly. Between the fact-checking and not having any real policies or plans in place, Trump is f*cked big time. Luckily, Fox News is coming to the rescue with some (truly awful, somewhat hilarious) advice for the inexperienced man-baby.Fox News host Charles Krauthammer thinks that Trump s greatest chances of succeeding during Sunday s second presidential debate will rely on Trump s amazing ability to lie about everything. Basically, Krauthammer thinks Trump can win if he can  deny it ever happened  and  ignore the fact-checkers.  The Fox host pointed out where Trump had gone wrong during the first debate: I think the most important thing here for Trump is the morning after. He might have lost the debate. It was pretty close. It was not the rout that people say it was. But he really threw it away the morning after when he went after   he went down the rabbit holes on the Miss Universe and all the other stuff. And that s happened to him before. Krauthammer then tried to give Trump some pointers on how to beat a far more experienced, qualified Clinton: I think he can hold his own. He just needs to be   to ignore, as everybody here has said   ignore the bait. He should just dismiss all the quotations that he hears, the way that Pence did. Deny it ever happened and then ignore the fact checkers the next day. It is hilarious that anyone would suggest that Trump can  ignore the bait.  Trump is a loose cannon with the temperament worse than a toddler. Literally every time he gets baited (even by Clinton herself), he cannot resist taking it and making a bigger ass out of himself. Krauthammer is basically begging Trump to keep his ego in check, even though he s proven that he s incapable of doing that. Conservatives need to start accepting that Trump is going to blow this debate just like the first one, no matter how hard they try to guide him.You can watch Krauthammer try to help Trump below:[ad3media campaign= 1075 ]Featured image via Ethan Miller / Getty Images",0
4320, WATCH: The Daily Show Epically DESTROYS Fox News For Blatant Racism,"The Daily Show needs to go after Fox News more often because Jon Stewart would definitely be proud of this.Earlier this week, Bill O Reilly sent his goon, Jesse Watters to Chinatown in New York City to make fun of Asians using every stereotype in the book. Watters asked the residents, some of whom couldn t speak English, everything from if they know karate to if they can take care of North Korea for us.Asian American organizations were not amused and swiftly condemned Fox for the segment and demanded an apology.But nobody ripped Fox News a new one better than Daily Show correspondent Ronny Chieng. First of all, let me get this straight   they say China in the debate so you go to Chinatown? In New York?  Chieng frustratingly asked.  So, when they mention Mexico, do you send someone to Taco Bell? Chinatown is nothing like China! They have nothing to do with each other. It s like if I want to talk about women s rights, I decide to go to Fox News to get opinions. But it was nothing compared to the idiocy that followed,  Chieng continued.After showing some of the footage Fox put together, which included Watters asking if he should bow and if it s the year of the dragon, Chieng went off on him. No, it s actually the year of go f*ck yourself!  Chien yelled before taking Watters to the woodshed for all the racist stereotypes he used for the segment. If you re going to with racist, at least get your stereotypes right, you ignorant sack of sh*t! Karate isn t Chinese it s Japanese and you re doing it in a tae kwon do studio which is Korean, you f*cking jackoff! Jackoff! Jackoff! F*ck this guy! And, seriously, Mr. Miyagi? Update your reference material. That s like me making fun of Americans for  Saturday Night Fever  and Mr. T. But that s wasn t the end. Watters also got his ass handed to him for trying to talk to residents who didn t understand English. A*shole, they don t speak English, that s why they re silent,  Chieng said.  It s easy to make fun of someone when they can t respond. I ll show you. Chieng threw an image of Watters on the screen and began asking him questions and each question was epic. Hey, douchebag, why do you look like a guy who carries around a pack of roofies just in case? Why do you look like you have a hooker on speed dial? And is it hard to fit Bill O Reilly s entire scrotum in your mouth? And in the final take-down of Watters and O Reilly, Chieng spoke with Chinese Americans himself about the segment, asking one about Jesse Watters. This is how he replied. The chickensh*t reporter who came here and thought he was funny because he talked to people who couldn t speak English? The one who was sent here by the larger chickensh*t who wouldn t come into Chinatown because he was afraid to do it himself? The one with no testicles, who came down here, who said  let me talk to some old people and let me put them on camera without asking them and sort of put them on national television and made fun of them in the worst possible way? As I said before, EPIC.Here s the video via The Daily Show.The Daily Show has largely chose not to go after Fox News very much since Jon Stewart left, and that has been an absolute shame. So you know Fox News did something incredibly outrageous when the Daily Show really has no choice but to cover it and mock it relentlessly. Let s just hope they focus on slamming Fox more often.Featured Image via screencap.",0
4321, BREAKING: Yet ANOTHER Trump Advisor Caught With Disturbing Russian Connections,"There is a disturbing trend in the Trump campaign. After revelations in August came to light that Trump campaign manager Paul Manafort was a lobbyist on behalf of pro-Russian Ukrainian leader Viktor Yanukovych, he resigned in shame, and currently undergoing investigation.Then, one month later, another Trump advisor, Carter Page, was probed for potentially holding secretive talks with Russian officials in an effort to have U.S. sanctions lifted. Ever since then, the Trump campaign has severed any ties with Page they once had.If the evidence couldn t be clearer that Trump is surrounding himself with pro-Russian allies in order to accomplish some nefarious endgame, it s been reported that yet another advisor has been caught doing business with Russia while coordinating with the campaign.According to congressional lobbying disclosures, Richard Burt received $365,000 from a Russian government-owned firm lobbying for a proposed natural-gas pipeline. The pipeline, which is opposed by the United States, would allow Russia to bypass Ukraine and Belarus thus greatly expanding Putin s power in Europe and abroad.Burt was responsible for crafting Trump s first major foreign policy speech in which Trump called for greater cooperation with Russia:I believe an easing of tensions and improved relations with Russia   from a position of strength   is possible. Common sense says this cycle of hostility must end. Some say the Russians won t be reasonable. I intend to find out.Burt also held policy meetings on national security and foreign policy with Alabama Senator (and Trump cheerleader) Jeff Sessions. Sessions is also the chair of the Trump campaign s national security committee.Not surprisingly, the Trump campaign did everything it could to play dumb, denying that the campaign knew nothing about any of this:We have no knowledge of this. In fact, our team cannot verify his self-proclaimed contributions to Mr. Trump s speech and, I don t believe Mr. Trump or our policy staff has ever met Mr. Burt. To our knowledge he had no input in the speech and has had no contact with our policy team.Either the Trump campaign managers are blatantly lying to everyone s faces, or they have no idea what s going on in their own campaign. Either way, the notions of doubt, deflection and ignorance isn t a good look.According to Politico:The revelation of Burt s simultaneous lobbying and campaign-advising comes at a time of mounting concerns about Russian attempts to manipulate the presidential election. Private security experts and American intelligence officials have concluded that recent hacks of the Democratic National Committee, state elections systems, and political figures were likely carried out by Russian government hackers. Trump, meanwhile, has repeatedly professed admiration for Putin and called into question whether he would honor the United States  mutual defense obligations to NATO allies should they face Russian invasion.Third times the charm, apparently. So after three advisers have been tied to Russia, only time will tell just how much influence the rogue nation really does have on this election.The Trump campaign better start giving answers, before Hillary Clinton starts asking questions.Featured image via Ethan Miller/Getty Images",0
4322, David Letterman Calls For ‘Damaged’ Donald Trump To Get A Psychological Exam,"David Letterman may be retired but his opinion about Donald Trump still carries a lot of weight, especially when you consider that he has interviewed him many times over the years.In an interview with the New York Times, the legendary comedian who formerly hosted The Late Show talked about the Republican nominee and how the two used to interact on the program whenever Trump was a guest. Nobody took him seriously, and people loved him when he would come on the show,  Letterman said.  I would make fun of his hair, I would call him a slumlord, I would make fun of his ties   and he could just take a punch like nothing. He was the perfect guest. That s a complete flip from the Trump the public has seen over the last year and a half. Trump is known for having a thin skin and he often lashes out over the smallest slights against him. Just a simple criticism is enough to send him over the edge, whether it s on Twitter or during his rallies.It was during one such rally when Trump attacked a reporter critical of his campaign by mocking his disability on stage in one of the most disgraceful moments of the 2016 Election season.And it s a moment Letterman says should have disqualified Trump and made him a pariah in our society. I can remember him doing an impression, behind a podium, of a reporter for the New York Times who has a congenital disorder, and then I thought, if this was somebody else   if this was a member of your family or a next-door neighbor, a guy at work   you would immediately distance yourself from that person. And that s what I thought would happen. Because if you can do that in a national forum, that says to me that you are a damaged human being. If you can do that, and not apologize, you re a person to be shunned. Letterman then suggested that Trump is behaving so badly that he should get his head examined. I don t know anything about politics. I don t know anything about trade agreements. I don t know anything about China devaluing the yuan. But if you see somebody who s not behaving like any other human you ve known, that means something. They need an appointment with a psychiatrist. They need a diagnosis and they need a prescription. Indeed, Trump s mental health has been a great concern to many people. Even Dr. Drew and board-certified psychiatrist and Fox pundit Charles Krauthammer have weighed in on the subject.But regardless of why Trump is acting the way he is, the point is that it is far from presidential and should disqualify him from ever holding the office. America does not need a president who is easily provoked, especially when he will have the nuclear codes. We need a president who is good at working with others and has a calm steady hand. That person is not Donald Trump.Featured image via Salon",0
4323," An 11-Year Old Girl Interviewed Hillary, And Her Answers Are Beautiful","Eleven-year-old Marley Dias always wanted to be our first woman president so she could work to fix problems in the world. Then she realized that she doesn t have to be president to start working on the world s problems, and she founded a book drive known as #1000BlackGirlBooks. She s been looking for stories about young, black girls for nearly the last year.Marley s now looking at possibly having our first female president before she s even old enough to vote, and she has a few questions for Hillary Clinton.Elle printed the interview in full, and Hillary replied to Marley the exact same way she would reply to anyone else interviewing her. However, she also seemed to try and relate her experiences in a way that will help Marley as she grows up.For instance, Marley asked her about her favorite books, including her favorite black girl book. On that subject, Hillary told her: One of my favorite authors is Maya Angelou, and I love her book I Know Why the Caged Bird Sings. It tells the story of how Maya became such a strong, confident, determined person.Some parts are painful and hard to read, but of course that s the case in a lot of great books. And because Maya became a friend of mine in real life, it meant a lot to be able to read her story and understand her journey better. Hillary then quoted part of Angelou s  On The Pulse Of The Morning,  and finished with: Maya led a really difficult life, but she never forgot that each new day presented new opportunities. I m sure she felt afraid sometimes, just like we all do, but she didn t let her fears hold her back. That s a lesson I try to remember each and every day. As a black girl, who appears to already be growing into a strong black woman herself, knowing that Hillary has taken the experiences of someone like Maya Angelou and used them as inspiration to keep pushing forward, day after day, must be huge.We re not post-gender, and we re not post-racial either. Marley is growing up in a society that still currently sees her as very much less-than. Hillary is saying,  I was scared. You ll be scared. Things will get tough. But you can survive it and come out the other side stronger than you ever thought you could be. Here s how I know. Along those same lines, Marley also asked Hillary what advice she d give to her 11-year old self. Hillary said: I would say that when you have a big dream or you re trying to solve a big problem, there will always be people who tell you that you can t. Here s my advice: don t listen. Keep striving for your goals, and remember that it s good to be ambitious. There s nothing wrong with knowing what you want and going after it.And Marley, what you ve accomplished already is proof of that. Marley started #1000BlackGirlBooks because she was getting fed up with the books that her schools were having her read   they re classics, sure, but they almost always feature white boys as the main character. Black people particularly black girls are never a main character in these books. Yet, the books do exist and she was determined to bring them out into the light.Her book drive has already collected well over 4,000 titles a very impressive feat according to Hillary.Featured image by Justin Sullivan/Getty Images",0
4324, Stephen Colbert Just HAMMERED Trump For Asking Terminally Ill To Stay Alive to Vote for Him (TWEETS),"Donald Trump is concerned about the terminally ill   not about their ability to recover, their quality of life, the amount of pain they re in or if they re happy or sad, but he wants them to live until November 8. On Wednesday at a Nevada rally, Trump urged the terminally ill to  hang out till November  so they can assist in the destruction of the United States so they can vote for him. I don t care how sick you are,  The Donald said.  I don t care if you just came back from the doctor and he gave you the worst possible prognosis, meaning it s over. Doesn t matter. Hang out till November 8. Get out and vote. And then, all we re gonna say is,  We love you and we will remember you always,  Trump continued.  Get out and vote. Naturally, Stephen Colbert wasn t about to allow this to go unchecked. On Thursday. he tweeted a new campaign slogan for The Donald:Trump asked the terminally ill to hold on 'til Election Day to vote for him. He s revamped Diddy s slogan  Vote Or Die  to  Vote, Then Die.  Stephen Colbert (@StephenAtHome) October 7, 2016This is what we can expect from Donald Trump s America   he will literally focus on whatever benefits himself as people die and the world burns around him.While it is doubtful that the terminally ill will be lining up to vote for him in November, many people will   make sure that you get out there and do your part to make sure our next president isn t a man whose sole concern is The Vote, no matter where it comes from.Featured image via screengrab/Getty Images (Ethan Miller)",0
4325, Florida Governor Uses Hurricane Matthew As Excuse To Try And Help Trump Win,"Florida s Republican governor Rick Scott is not allowing the impending pressure of Hurricane Matthew to interrupt his partisan push on behalf of Donald Trump in his state. The storm is expected to disrupt day-to-day operations in the state at multiple levels, with multiple state and county agencies, as well as hundreds of private businesses, shutting down to ride out the weather event.The storm is sure to affect the impending deadline for voter registration on October 11. But when Democrats asked Governor Scott to extend the deadline as the population digs out from the storm, he decided to refuse.Republican Florida Governor Rick Scott on Thursday evening said the state will not extend an October 11 voter registration deadline. I m not going to extend it,  Scott said at a news conference on the storm.  Everybody has had plenty of time to register. I don t intend to make any changes. Scott is not a disinterested third party by any stretch. In addition to being a fellow Republican, Scott currently serves as the national chairman of a super PAC helping the Trump campaign, Rebuilding America Now.The governor s behavior is part of a long-standing election year pattern amongst many Republican officials, where they do whatever is in their power   often as Secretary of State or Governor   to ensure that as few Democrats as possible are eligibile to vote. In the south, particularly, a lot of these actions are targeted at counties with large black populations.The government of North Carolina was recently rebuked for designing a voter ID system that was designed from the ground-up to exclude voters from areas with black populations that were more likely to vote Democratic.Hurricane Matthew is expected to hit somewhere along the northern part of Palm Beach county and above, along Florida s east coast. That is an area of the state that leans more Democratic, and as such the storm path would impact that demographic.And it becomes very clear why the governor made the decision he has.Featured image via Flickr",0
4326, Rudy Giuliani’s Daughter Announces She’s Backing Hillary Clinton,"Trump s biggest (and most insane) surrogate Rudy Giuliani just got some bad news   his daughter, Caroline, is backing Democratic nominee Hillary Clinton for President over Donald Trump, her father s new BFF.After posting on her Facebook that she has been  pro Hillary all along,  and making her profile picture Clinton s iconic H, Giuliani confirmed that the account was indeed hers and that her father, Rudy, does know:I love Hillary, I think she s by far the most qualified candidate that we ve had in a long while. My dad knows. I was for Barack in 2012. He knows and is fully comfortable with it and thinks I have a right to my opinion.She did not comment on her father s surrogacy or support for Trump. On her Facebook, after sharing an article titled,  I Wrote That I Despised Hillary Clinton. Today, I Publicly Want To Take That Back,  Giuliani wrote:I ve been pro-Hillary all along, but the people who are willing to open their minds & shift their perspectives are the ones with the power to save our country at this point, so I really respect this [the article]. #imwithher #voteAccording to Politico:The younger Giuliani is not the only one who has drifted from her father this election   the New York Times reported that many of the former mayor s most loyal former aides have rejected Trump s candidacy, and have expressed concerns about Giuliani s embrace of the Manhattan mogul and his more extreme views, specifically on immigration. Some of his former staffers, like his onetime press secretary Matt Higgins, have endorsed Clinton.It seems like Rudy is really off his rocker when everyone around him, including his own family, are voting for the other candidate.One has to wonder what Trump promised or paid Giuliani for his ardent (and downright insane) support.Featured image via Matt Millis McKnight/Getty Images",0
4327, Fox News Just Told Everyone In Florida They’re GOING TO DIE (VIDEO),"It can be said that Florida, while being a very popular vacation destination, is probably more dangerous than the Outback of Australia. Between the wildlife, the mosquitoes, and people like George Zimmerman, it s not always the safest place to be.Fox News just made this abundantly clear.No, they re not warning people about guns or alligators running amok, Fox News host Shepard Smith just told everyone living along the Atlantic coast in Florida that if they don t take the storm warnings seriously, then they re going to die. No ifs, ands or buts.Watch Smith s doomsday prediction here:Thanks Fox News! pic.twitter.com/eGV2CCMSIo  Marty of Social Club (@Deathbymartymar) October 6, 2016 Wait, there s more. Smith asks a Florida woman: Do you expect us to cover your funeral? [ad3media campaign= 1070 ]You ve said some crazy things over the years, Fox News, but this may take the cake.Meanwhile, Matt Drudge is telling us it s a conspiracy:The deplorables are starting to wonder if govt has been lying to them about Hurricane Matthew intensity to make exaggerated point on climate  MATT DRUDGE (@DRUDGE) October 6, 2016Yeah, that damn government wanting people to stay safe. HOW DARE THEY?!With all of that said, Hurricane Matthew is very, very strong and very dangerous. If you ve been told to evacuate, hopefully you listened. Your life is worth more than any bit of property you re worried about losing. You can never get your life back if lost. Please be safe if you re in the path of the storm.Featured image: Screen capture via Esquire",0
4328, Paul Ryan Officially Hands What’s Left Of His Spine To Donald Trump (IMAGE),"It took Speaker of the House Paul Ryan quite a while to endorse GOP presidential nominee Donald Trump. This is understandable; after all, the relationship between Ryan and Trump has been frosty at best. In fact, when the endorsement finally came, it was under cover a huge speech that Democratic nominee Hillary Clinton was giving. Further, since said endorsement Ryan has yet to appear on stage in public with Trump, and has avoided speaking about his party s vulgar, bombastic presidential nominee if at all possible. Before Trump took the nomination officially, Ryan called him out for many of his more inflammatory remarks   particularly his call to ban Muslims from entering the United States, and his apparent inability to immediately disavow David Duke and The Ku Klux Klan. However, with Hillary steadily pulling ahead of Trump, Ryan is biting the bullet and caving under pressure of the Republican National Committee and the goons at the Trump campaign, and will finally appear in public with Trump.Ryan s office released a document to the press on Thursday, saying that Ryan would be at an event in his native Wisconsin. The memo is called, Paul Ryan to Attend Annual Fall Fest in Walworth County.  Along with Ryan, there s a list of other Republicans who will be there. And, buried under all the political talk, almost at the very end, the document confirms the worst: Trump will be there with bells on, too. Here is a screen capture of the document, via the Huffington Post:And pay special attention to the last line: All questions related to Mr. Trump should be directed to the Trump campaign. That right there goes to show that Ryan still can t stand the idea of talking about Trump, yet he has somehow been bullied into appearing in public with him.Speaker Ryan, you have NO SPINE LEFT. You have handed the battered bits of it that were left to the courier who delivered it on a silver platter to Trump Tower. It s Trump s party now, and you helped make that happen. The GOP is dead, and so is your political career. If you had stood up to your travesty of a nominee, if you had put country before party as any real leader would, you might have been able to avoid this situation.Good riddance, you sniveling, cowardly, Eddie Munster lookalike. I hope you not only lose your speakership in November, but your seat in Congress as well. After all, regardless of political party, real leaders have a spine.Featured image via Mark Wilson/Getty Images",0
4329," Michelle Obama Makes The White House Garden Permanent, So Racists Called Her A ‘Gorilla’","The absolute hatred conservatives have for First Lady Michelle Obama knows no bounds and now we are being treated to another example of it. In 2009, Mrs. Obama planted a garden on the White House lawn in an effort to promote healthy eating and to encourage others to plant their own home gardens as well.But conservatives have complained ever since because for some reason they oppose healthy eating.It s been seven years since the garden was planted and it has flourished, expanding from 1,100 square feet to 2,800 square feet and now Michelle is protecting what she and the White House staff have spent years developing by making it permanent.As we all know, Donald Trump has vowed to reverse or overturn everything President Obama and the First Lady have ever done over the last eight years. That means Michelle Obama s garden could very well be plowed over just to spite Democrats and the Obama family. Conservatives would certainly cheer on this petty act. But Michelle has taken steps to ensure that the garden remains on the grounds for future First Families to enjoy by setting it in stone.With a stone walkway running through it and stone walls surrounding the plots consisting of steel and concrete, Michelle Obama officially dedicated the garden on Wednesday in a ceremony at the White House. This little garden will live on as a symbol of the hopes that we all hold of growing a healthier nation for our children,  Obama said.  I am hopeful that future first families will cherish this garden like we have, and that it will become one of our enduring White House traditions. In addition, a message etched in the stone reads,  White House Kitchen Garden, established in 2009 by First Lady Michelle Obama with the hope of growing a healthier nation for our children. Now the garden is a historic symbol representing President Obama and his family s time in the White House, which makes it far more difficult, if not impossible, for the next president to get rid of. And racist conservatives are enraged so much about it that they lost their shit and spewed hateful and racist remarks all over the internet.Here are some screenshots.And here are some tweets via Twitter.@gatewaypundit I ll bet her gardening is done by others & will stop in her privileged life outside of WH  Deplorable#22 (@donnakaye2014) October 6, 2016@gatewaypundit Woman grew up privileged but acts like she grew up poor in the ghetto, disgraceful person.  JRader (@ZZBlueComet) October 6, 2016@BigStick2013 @gatewaypundit plow it under ,no reminders of destruction of our constitution by obama  Trumplican (@Trumplican1) October 6, 2016@nprpolitics Bulldoze it and put in a putting green.  Bill Ferrin (@WFerrin) October 6, 2016And from Facebook.As usual, conservatives have zero class and only have a capacity for hatred. President Obama should seriously sign an executive order praising oxygen so we can watch right-wingers hold their breath in protest.Featured image via Wikimedia",0
4330, Five Struggles Working Americans Face That Trump Will NEVER Understand,"In 2015, shortly after Donald Trump announced that he d be running for president, I went to one of his rallies in Sarasota, Florida. While standing outside of the rally it struck me as hilarious that the people who attended genuinely believed this self-proclaimed multi-billionaire was just like them. When Trump s helicopter flew over our heads with his name scrawled across it and he offered his supporters  children rides in his chopper, it cemented the fact that he was totally just like them! It was one of the most bizarre experiences of my life, and I live in Florida so that says a lot.In the months since that day, the same narrative has been repeated far and wide. At the Republican National Convention, Trump s daughter Ivanka told the GOP that her dad was the  people s champion. There is a Facebook page called  Trump  The People s President and there are blue-collar workers all over the country who think the real estate mogul is  just like us.  These people think that just because he is a loudmouth who lacks a vocal filter that he is some kind of  everyman,  but he s not.So, we have decided to compose a list of some of the things the working poor face every day that Trump has never had to deal with in his life.It is a fact that nowadays there is no chance of upward mobility without an education. This reality is the reason why Democrats are fighting so hard to make college free or at the very least, affordable, for every American. Although parents know that the only chance their kids have of achieving success is by going to college, when you are living below or just above the poverty line there is no way you can put money away for their college education. This is the reason we have 1.3 trillion dollars in student loan debt in the country and a student loan debt crisis. Donald Trump, however, has no idea what this is like. All of his children went to prestigious schools (the Wharton School and Georgetown) and so did he. He doesn t know the guilt you experience as a parent when you see your child stressed out about their mounting debt. He absolutely cannot wrap his mind around this and he isn t even talking about it in his campaign which proves that not only does he not understand it, he doesn t care.According to a 2015 Pew Research study, 11 percent of Americans said they take public transportation on a regular basis. The people who take the bus or subway on a regular basis are also more likely to be minorities or elderly who live below the poverty line:Among urban residents, 34% of blacks and 27% of Hispanics report taking public transit daily or weekly, compared with only 14% of whites. Foreign-born urban residents are more likely than urban dwellers born in the U.S. to regularly use public transportation (38% vs. 18%).Meanwhile, Trump  the everyman  flies around the country in a jet or uses a chauffeured car. This man has absolutely no idea what it feels like to wake up three hours before his shift at work so that he can make sure that he is on time. He has no idea what it is like to wait for the bus in a thunder or snow storm. He has no idea what it is like to sit next to weirdos who invade your personal space and stare at you. He has no idea what it is like to worry about whether or not he will have the $1.50 it costs to ride the bus. And again he isn t talking about this on the campaign trail and he is against raising the minimum wage.Since President Obama s Affordable Healthcare Act went into effect millions of Americans finally have the medical insurance they desperately need, but many still do not. More than 28 million people are still without insurance in our country. That means millions of people are not getting the annual physical exams they need to stay healthy this is not something Trump has to deal with. He has been seeing the same doctor for thirty years and even if he did not have medical insurance he could just pay his doctor bills without a second thought.Further, even though 9 in 10 Americans now have health coverage, that does not mean they have dental coverage:The Affordable Care Act (ACA) made dental care a required benefit for children s insurance, but it did not extend this requirement to insurance for adults. Therefore, many adults who buy non-group insurance may still have no dental coverage. In 2008, nearly 70 percent of people who bought health insurance on their own did not have dental coverage. And without dental coverage, many adults struggle to get the dental care they need.Trump has never woken up in the middle of the night in excruciating pain with a swollen face because of his inability to afford the dentist. He has never had to ask friends and family for money to have oral surgery. He has never searched his cabinets for old antibiotics. He has no fucking idea what that is like and wants to repeal the ACA.For millions of Americans the only way to survive is to apply for government assistance. The vast majority of the 52 million people receive help are hardworking Americans who just have too much month at the end of their money. They pay their taxes, work multiple jobs sometimes and just cannot stay afloat without help. And let me tell you, applying for it is the worst. Donald Trump has no idea what it is like to sit on pins and needles hoping the government deems you worthy of being able to purchase food. He has no idea what it feels like to go to bed hungry; and ironically, if he was ever put into a situation where he needed a hand up, he d be one of those  moochers  his party talks about all the time. You know the one, the person the GOP claims doesn t pay taxes but  expects  a hand out. Well, Trump hasn t paid taxes in almost 20 years making him the ultimate moocher.By now you have all heard about Donald Trump s visit to Flint, Michigan last month. Trump wanted the people of that city to know that he was on their side. His visit to the city came almost a year after America found out that the state had been poisoning the mostly African-American residents of the city for two years with lead-contaminated water. Trump, the guy who lives in penthouses and mansions has absolutely no idea what it is like to worry about drinking poisoned water. This is a very real struggle for not just the people of Flint, but in every state across the country according to reports. The idea that he can relate to this struggle is as preposterous as his visit to Flint. Furthermore, Trump is an anti-regulation Republican, so there is no chance in Hell that he is going to prevent this from happening in other cities around the country if elected.These are just five of the ways Trump is nothing like us, but there are many more. Trump also has no idea what it is like to run out of toothpaste or toilet paper and not have the money to buy more. He has no idea what it is like to look at his children and tell them that he cannot afford a $5 toy. He has no idea what it is like to not be able to get his children a pet because he cannot afford the vet bills. He has no idea what it is like to watch his children go off to war so that they can hopefully live through it and get a free education. He has no idea what it is like to go hungry, go without heat, go without shoes or any of the other things Americans face every single day.He is NOTHING like us and we must do everything we possibly can to keep him out of the White House.Featured image via Ethan Miller/Getty Images",0
4331, Watch Lindsey Graham Accept Defeat Over Trump: ‘I Can’t Go Where He’s Taking The Country’ (VIDEO),"Lindsey Graham has been one of the biggest Republican voices against GOP nominee Donald Trump, and he only grew louder as Trump gained more support. The South Carolina senator has had a hard time of it, too   he has called on Trump to apologize for several offensive things he s said, then he supported Trump briefly before aggressively crusading to get the Republican party to un-endorse Trump, and then he revealed that he himself would not be endorsing the humiliating candidate.Graham has been a nervous wreck over having to watch Trump destroy his beloved GOP right before his very eyes. But earlier today, Graham seemed to have finally accepted defeat and the fact that the Republican party he has known and loved will never be the same again. In an interview with At This Hour s Kate Bolduan and John Berman on CNN, Graham sorrowfully said: I ve come to the point now where I can t go where he is taking the party or the country. Graham also expressed that he was worried about what Trump s intentions were for America, but showed a brilliant amount of ignorance as he expressed he was open to the idea that Trump might grow as a politician (not happening). And to prove what a mess Trump s campaign really is, Graham brought up a talking point of Trump s, only be told by the hosts that it was actually an idea that came from Mike Pence, Trump s VP pick.You can watch Graham accept his circumstances below, and you can tell that it s absolutely killing him.Sen. Lindsey Graham on Trump:  I can t go where he is taking the party  https://t.co/6OZtrfIwim https://t.co/FgCRZeO6Er  CNN Politics (@CNNPolitics) October 6, 2016 Graham seems absolutely destroyed by a GOP under Trump, but we all know that conservatives have created this nightmare for themselves. They created a hateful, bigotry-filled political climate that allowed someone like Trump to excel, and they failed to stop him.Featured image via Scott Olson / Getty Images",0
4332, Trump’s Lawyers Never Talked To Him Without A Corroborating Witness Because He Lies So Much,"Wow. That s a lot of lying.Apparently, Donald Trump is such a serial liar with a terrible memory that his own attorneys admitted that they always had to meet with him in pairs.According to a deposition released by Buzzfeed, bankruptcy attorney Patrick McGahn testified during the Trump Plaza bankruptcy case that his client lied so much that the firm made it a policy that a second attorney, identified as George Miller, had to be present as a corroborating witness. It s always been our practice to make sure that two people are present, and we don t have a problem of people lying He s an expert at interpreting things. Let s put it that way,  McGahn said,When asked if it was necessary for both of them to meet with Trump, McGahn said that it was. We tried to do it with Donald always if we could because Donald says certain things and then has a lack of memory. In other words, the Republican nominee says a lot of bullshit and has a memory like Ten Second Tom in Adam Sandler s 50 First Dates film.Here are images of the documents via Twitter.In depo for Trump Plaza bankruptcy case, Trump s own lawyer testifies they often met with him in pairs because Trump lies so much. pic.twitter.com/TdEkdf4ZiB  southpaw (@nycsouthpaw) October 6, 2016And Twitter users are having a field day with this.@nycsouthpaw @gmarie55 A sociopath lies incessantly to get their way, is often goal oriented and does so with little concern for others.  Rebecca Yeates (@yeatesgreats) October 6, 2016@nycsouthpaw I mean if you need to bring a corroborating witness to every meeting with YOUR OWN CLIENT  hoo boy  delrayser (@delrayser) October 6, 2016@nycsouthpaw I know a venture capitalist who has tried to work out deals with Trump. He says that Trump is a pathological liar.  Dan s Monkey Shack (@Yathoon) October 6, 2016@nycsouthpaw @ddale8 Wow, @realDonaldTrump, even your own lawyers admit you are a habitual liar. You have no honesty in you, nor integrity.  Harry Meridian (@hmeridian2) October 6, 2016@nycsouthpaw @erinmcnll Seems his brain has as many rooms as his hotels. Not all of them occupied.  Dr. Alan T (@kinowords) October 6, 2016Donald Trump is totally unfit to be president and this deposition proves it. Trump will do nothing but lie to the American people and transparency and personal responsibility would be non-existent in his administration.It s time for the American people to end this charade once and for all by electing Hillary Clinton by a landslide.Featured image via Aaron P. Bernstein/Getty Images",0
4333," Trump Is Now Faking Poll Numbers To Claim He’s Winning, Clearly Insane (IMAGES)","Donald Trump is a sad, sad little man who needs to lie to make himself feel better about his existence.He s deceptive, to say the least, making his followers believe things that simply aren t true.Now, if you look at the small print on Trump s latest tweet, he s technically honest, BUT if you re just scrolling through your Twitter feed you re going to believe that Trump is beating Hillary Clinton in the GENERAL ELECTION:Reuters polling just out- thank you!#MakeAmericaGreatAgain pic.twitter.com/UMY6kOiSTu  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) October 5, 2016See, instead of writing  ARIZONA  like he did with the other states, he put  GENERAL ELECTION  then in tiiiiiiinnnnnyyyyyy print, likely too small for his elderly racist base, it says,  Arizona Poll.  And really, no sh*t. Of course he s up in Arizona. It s Arizona, home of the  show me your papers  law.If you d like to know the actual GENERAL ELECTION polling numbers, according to the most recent Reuter s poll:General Election TrendsThere s also this:via ReutersIt s likely reality hurts Trump s feelings too much to show the whole truth, so he s resorted to skillfully manipulating polls numbers to show him winning the whole election. Which, according to the most recent polling data, is not going to happen.Featured Photo via Tom Pennington/Getty Images, Twitter",0
4334, Trump To The Terminally Ill: ‘I Don’t Care How Sick You Are’ (VIDEO),"The list of people GOP presidential candidate Donald Trump hasn t insulted keeps getting shorter and shorter. We know he regularly insults women and Muslims and Latinos and immigrants and African-Americans. Earlier in the week, he insulted veterans. He s mocked the disabled, and his latest tactless comment was directed toward literally on their death beds.In a rally in Nevada on Wednesday, Trump begged those who were dying to vote for him. Yes, those who were dying.I don t care how sick you are. I don t care if you just came back from the doctor and he gave you the worst possible prognosis, meaning it s over. You won t be around in two weeks. Doesn t matter. Hang out till November 8. Get out and vote. Then, Trump said he was kidding/not kidding.Mr Trump added:  I say kiddingly, but I mean it. He also reassured dying people that after they are gone,  All we re going to say is:  We love you and we will remember you always .Here s the video:People are not happy:One terminally ill person did respond, and it wasn t to support Trump:This one pretty much gets to the heart of it (or the lack of heart of Trump):As deeply offensive as this is, especially for anyone who either is sick or those who take care of the sick, there is a bit of refreshing honesty in Trump s joke/not joke.  I don t care  is perhaps the most truthful line he s uttered during his campaign full of lies. He genuinely doesn t care if people are sick. He doesn t care if people are suffering. He doesn t care if people are poor. He doesn t care about people at all.Donald Trump has a compulsive need for constant validation. He received fawning validation on the Apprentice. Now, he s taken his show to the American public and he expects the same from us. It s easy to imagine that Trump loves the idea of people dragging themselves from their death beds to do one last thing: pull the lever for Donald Trump. What greater ego validation is there?Featured image via Ethan Miller/Getty Images.",0
4335, WATCH: Trump Makes Lame Attempt To Lecture His Fans And It Backfires HILARIOUSLY,"Wanna watch Donald Trump crash and burn in front of his own supporters?The Republican nominee held a rally in Reno, Nevada on Wednesday and took his pompousness to a whole new level by telling the crowd that they are mispronouncing the name of their state. Heroin overdoses are surging and meth overdoses in Neh-VAH-da,  Trump insultingly said.  Neh-VAH-da. When I came out here I said nobody says it the other way. It has to be Neh-VAH-da, right? Wrong. People in the crowd seemed genuinely confused and many were not happy about being lectured about how to pronounce the name of the state they live in, but that s exactly what Trump did and he was the one who was pronouncing it incorrectly. Trump even went so far as to jokingly claim that a friend of his  was killed  for pronouncing it the other way.Here s the video via YouTube.But  the other way  is exactly how it is supposed to be pronouned. It s Neh-VAD-ah, not Neh-VAH-da.Trump is hardly the first presidential candidate to make this mistake but he s the only one who did it in an insulting way while pompously lecturing the audience about how they say it wrong.And seeing as how Hillary Clinton is leading in Nevada right now it s not exactly the best time to be insulting the intelligence of Nevada residents, especially since Nevada is a battleground state that Republicans are desperate to win in November.Fox 11 anchor Ryan Kern couldn t believe what he was hearing.@realDonaldTrump tells a group of Nevadans how to pronounce their state correctly  and it s the wrong way.  Ryan Kern (@RyanKernKRNV) October 5, 2016And Nevada National Guard State Historian Emerson Marcus also pointed out that Trump was wrong.Wait. Did @realDonaldTrump just claim he pronounced  Nevada  correctly by mispronouncing it five times?  Emerson Marcus (@Emerson_Marcus) October 5, 2016Trump would have been better off staying on the teleprompter but he couldn t resist going off script and he embarrassed himself yet again.Featured Image: Alex Wong/Getty Images",0
4336, Asian American Organizations RAIN HELL Upon Fox News For Racist Chinatown Segment,"Asian Americans are pissed off after Fox News ran a segment featuring racist Bill O Reilly goon Jesse Watters in Chinatown.O Reilly and Watters billed the edition of Watter s World as  good fun  and and mere  political humor. Watters literally strolled through New York City s Chinatown asking residents if they know karate and if they can  take care of North Korea for us.  Let s just say the segment pushed every stereotype about Asian people Watters and O Reilly could think of. Even O Reilly acknowledged that Fox News would get some letters.Here s the video via YouTube: [ad3media campaign= 1065 ]But they got WAY more than just some letters. The backlash has been swift and brutal as Asian American organizations from across the country condemn Fox News across the board for being so despicably and blatantly racist.Asian Americans Advancing Justice wrote, It is unconscionable that a news organization would sanction a segment that laughs at a community of people, including Watters ridiculing elderly Chinese Americans who were limited English proficient. Although The O Reilly Factor may believe this was  all in good fun,  the segment does nothing more than play up every offensive stereotype of Asian Americans that the community has fought against for decades. What they should have done is to talk about the important role that Asian Americans can play in this upcoming election. The Asian American Journalists Association also condemned the segment. The Asian American Journalists Association (AAJA) is outraged and shocked by the Oct. 3rd segment of  Watters  World  on Fox News   The O Reilly Factor.  The segment was billed as a report on Chinese Americans  views on the U.S. presidential election but it was rife with racist stereotypes, drew on thoughtless tropes and openly ridiculed Asian Americans It s 2016. We should be far beyond tired, racist stereotypes and targeting an ethnic group for humiliation and objectification on the basis of their race. Sadly, Fox News proves it has a long way to go in reporting on communities of color in a respectful and fair manner. The National Council of Asian Pacific Americans also slammed Fox News. It is not  all in good fun  to perpetuate racist stereotypes about Asian Americans and Pacific Islanders, and it certainly is not  gentle fun  to target or mock people who are not fluent in English. No person should be used as a prop in such a heartless manner. Asian And Pacific Islander American Vote chimed in as well.Asian and Pacific Islander American Vote (APIAVote) is appalled by the recent  Watters  World  segment on The O Reilly Factor on Chinese American voters. The segment exploited Asian American stereotypes and exemplified the very issue of China-bashing the report supposedly sought to assess. This racist and derogatory segment damages Chinese American and Asian American communities and exacerbates negative stereotypes towards our communities.It is clear that the intent of this segment began from a desire to employ racist stereotypes to ridicule and mock Chinese American voters, and was never a serious attempt to understand the preferences or opinions of these voters after the first presidential debate.In addition, the Asian American Legal Defense Fund also had words for Fox via Twitter.This racist mocking of people in NY #Chinatown makes clear that @FoxNews doesn t care about Asian American voters. https://t.co/uTfr8WkoME  AsianAmericanLegal (@aaldef) October 5, 2016The Organization of Chinese Americans had even stronger words. This segment was grossly offensive to Chinese Americans and all Asian Pacific Americans who have ever had to suffer through the many false equivocations and damaging stereotypes that were mentioned in rapid-fire succession during the show. By going to the Chinese American community under the auspices of journalism and then unleashing a barrage of offensive stereotypes, Bill O Reilly, Jesse Watters, and Fox News have completely trivialized the community s view on this important election. At a time when politicians have fallen back on xenophobia to get ahead in the polls, it is disheartening to hear such offensive behavior come out of the media even as our power in the political process grows. Fox News should immediately disavow the segment and apologize to the Chinese American community for making a mockery of their language, culture, and political views. Fox News had better offer a sincere apology soon because they clearly pissed off a large segment of the population. Bill O Reilly and Jesse Watters should be ashamed of themselves and they should be removed from the network. But that would require that anyone at Fox News has a conscience.Featured Image: Dangerous Minds",0
4337, Sean Hannity Announces Megyn Kelly’s Support For Hillary Clinton,"Sean Hannity  went there.  In an argument with Megyn Kelly, he boldly announced that she supports Hillary Clinton. Donald Trump, with all due respect to my friend at 10:00, will go on Hannity and pretty much only Hannity and will not venture out to the unsafe spaces these days,  Kelly said Wednesday   a reference to The Donald s mission to avoid any and all press who won t spend all their time together fondling his tiny orange  wherever.  These days, that s pretty much just Sean Hannity, so Trump spends a lot of time using Fox News as a platform from which he can scream lies to the Stupid Part of America.Naturally, Hannity was upset that Kelly has a problem with this, tweeting that Kelly supports Hillary Clinton   you know, because only Clinton supporters can possibly have a problem with The Donald s actions.@megynkelly u should be mad at @HillaryClinton Clearly you support her. And @realDonaldTrump did talk to u. https://t.co/vsQiNMgHut  Sean Hannity (@seanhannity) October 6, 2016Naturally, the world mocked his stupidity.@SusanKnowles @bosseone2 @seanhannity @megynkelly WHY do Trumpites equate not supporting @realDonaldTrump w supporting @HillaryClinton?!?!?  #ToHellinAHandbasket (@ugottabekidn) October 6, 2016Tomorrow, @megynkelly will reveal which brand of knee pads @seanhannity wears when he interviews Trump. https://t.co/cETnCYsVYB  Jerry (@js_edit) October 6, 2016.@seanhannity Wait. So now you re standing on principle? C mon, Sean! If you re against @MegynKelly you must be for @maddow. Own it!  Jordan Gehrke (@jmgehrke) October 6, 2016@seanhannity @megynkelly @HillaryClinton @realDonaldTrump Such a tough guy, Sean! Did you type this while on your knees in front of Trump?  ginalou (@ginalou) October 6, 2016Clearly Kelly does not support Trump   with all that blood coming out of her  wherever  and all   but it is unknown if, and even unlikely that, she actually supports Clinton. but it doesn t matter. Facts don t matter to Trump or his  basket.  In fact, The Donald s  deplorables  are already attacking the female Fox host based on an unfounded claim by perhaps the dumbest host on the network:Time to boycott Megyn Kelly's show and support Sean Hannity show. We the viewers have the power to coax Fox into making a decision  Deplorable IXLR8  ? (@arian0027) October 6, 2016I hate to break it to all 4 of Megyn Kelly's remaining fans, but yes, it is true (and very obvious). Megyn Kelly is a liberal. #WakeUpSheep  Jeremy Nolt (@RealJeremyNolt) October 6, 2016I can't even watch Megan Kelly anymore. She sounds like a leftist whining about sexism all the time ?give me break @seanhannity @megynkelly  Deplorable Melissa (@sweetatertot2) October 6, 2016@seanhannity @megynkelly An example of a man reacting to a mouthy woman. Megyn is jealous   she's on the wrong side of the people & history  Females 4 Trump ?? (@FemalesForTrump) October 6, 2016Whom does Kelly actually support? Based on her treatment at the hands of Trump supporters, I d say she s probably leaning Clinton.Featured image via Pinterest",0
4338, Mike Pence Just Crashed And Burned In HUMILIATING ‘Morning Joe’ Interview (VIDEO),"There are many things that are great about Thursday s Mike Pence interview on MSNBC s Morning Joe. The general uneasiness with which Pence discusses his running mate, the look on Mika Brzezinski s face when Mr. Joe tells Pence he  won the debate    but the best part is watching Pence completely crash and burn when attempting to answer very basic questions.When the discussion turned to Trump s policies, Brzezinski asked Pence about two of Trump s most well-known   the Muslim ban and his super-awesome Deportation Force. Pence explained simply that Immigration is our  deportation force  that will waste $600 million of your dollars deporting every single undocumented person in America. Pence, of course, did not mention the cost   just that we were going to make America great again with a wall and a border so secure it could protect that criminal Killary KKKlinton Adolf Hitler III s totally illegal email server.But when it came to the Muslim ban, Pence was spent. Done, man. Out. The uh, the position of our campaign, the position of our campaign, uh, is in in the interest of, uh, the safety and security of the people of the United States that we are going to suspend immigration from countries that have been compromised by terrorism. Not a  ban on all Muslims?  Scarborough interrupted as Pence was stammering on about Syria.After a long and awkward silence, Pence launched into his next mess of a string of sentences: Well, of course not,  he lied, explaining that  we can t know who those people are,  adding that if we allow people from Syria to take shelter from our mutual enemy   ISIS    we can t know for certain who these people are. Watch him embarrass himself below:Featured image via screengrab",0
4339, WATCH: Trump’s Deplorable Fans Attack Mom And Her Disabled Daughter For Leaving Rally,"She was there to learn more about Donald Trump in order to decide who to vote for, but after the way Trump s fans treated her in front of her disabled daughter it s clear she won t be voting for him.Jennifer Mau took her daughter Chloe to a Trump rally in Colorado in an effort to make a more informed decision on Election Day. Mau is an independent voter and is unsure about who she wants to vote for, so she decided to attend the rally to hear Trump speak.Mau and her daughter sat with a group of disabled people during the rally, but Mau didn t stay long.After 20 minutes, it became clear that Trump wasn t the right candidate for her. But when she attempted to leave with her daughter, she was soon under siege from some really hateful supporters of the Republican nominee, some of whom were also disabled. When we were leaving, somebody said,  Why are you leaving?  and basically struck a nerve,  Mau recounted in an interview with Denver 7 News.  I said,  Why are you here? He makes fun of people like you. Mau was referencing an outrageous incident of Trump mocking a disabled reporter.According to Mau, Trump s supporters tried to make excuses for their candidate, but Mau s mind remained unchanged.Trump s supporters harassed her and yelled at her, and one even went so far as to tell her that she doesn t love her daughter if she doesn t support Trump. This lady is following me, screaming and yelling at me that if I loved my daughter I would vote for Trump and I need to get educated because he didn t mock somebody on purpose. It made me sad, made me want to vomit. Here s the video via YouTube.The Secret Service was forced to step in and escort Mau and her daughter out of the rally safely, but the ordeal left her daughter shaken.However, Trump lost more than one potential voter that day. As it turns out, some people actually walked out of the rally with Mau in disgust on how his hardcore supporters treated her.And while we don t know for sure who Mau will be voting for on November 8th, we can be sure that it won t be for Donald Trump.Once again, Trump s supporters prove that Hillary Clinton was right to call them deplorable.Featured Image: Screenshot",0
4340, WHOA: Fox News Just Went Full Racist In Chinatown With APPALLING Segment On Trump And Asians (VIDEO),"Fox News and the  O Reilly Factor  are well-known for their blatant racism, but they completely outdid themselves when they decided to visit Chinatown and create their most racist segment to date.Correspondent Jesse Watters took a little trip down to New York City s Chinatown to discuss the GOP nominee and this year s election. The result was one of the most offensive news segments to ever grace Fox News, which is really saying something.Mother Jones reports:The segment, which opens with stereotypical Chinese music, is spliced with movie clips featuring Asian actors speaking in exaggerated accents. Watters approaches a number of men and women in the street, some of them elderly residents who do not speak English. He then silently mocks them for their inability to answer his questions many of which wander from the presidential race to lame caricatures of Asians masquerading as humor. Is food in China just food? Do you know karate? Things actually manage to go downhill when Watters makes it back to the studio for a sit-down with the show s host, Bill O Reilly. Yes. Things actually managed to get worse.O Reilly notes that the majority of the people interviewed seemed to have a good understanding of what is going on in American politics. Watters seemed stunned. You thought people knew what was going on?  he asked with a laugh. They re such a polite people,  he said, pulling out yet another stereotype of Asian people.  They won t walk away or tell me to get out of here. They just sit there and don t say nothing! It isn t hard to see why Republicans have been losing support among the Asian community. O Reilly himself added that he knew there would be backlash for the racist segment and he is fully expecting to be bombarded by angry letters. Eventually, though, they came to the conclusion that who gives a f*ck because it was all in good fun. Watch this ridiculously racist segment, here:Featured image via video screen capture",0
4341, Trump Has Been BRIBING Government Officials For Decades (DETAILS),"While the amount of Trump s ahem charitable giving is under investigation courtesy of the Washington Post, his political contributions are coming under even worse scrutiny than that. In addition to his giving $25,000 to Florida Attorney General Pam Bondi at the same time she was considering investigating Trump U. (which we re sure is just a coincidence), he s given donations to several other attorneys general who were weighing investigations into his businesses, too.There s a word for that. It s called bribes, and at least some of them are catalogued in the Wall Street Journal, which isn t exactly the most liberal publication out there. Trump and his associates have donated to the campaigns of attorneys general in New York for 30 years or more, up to and including Eric Schneiderman.Schneiderman is the attorney general who s ordered the Trump Foundation to stop soliciting donations immediately, and he s involved in one of the fraud cases against Trump U. WSJ discovered that the contributions to these campaigns all just happened to coincide with pending investigations into Trump s business dealings.Clearly, the bribes to Schneiderman didn t work   in fact, he returned them. Trump didn t like that and claimed that Schneiderman asked for the donations.One of those donations a $15,000 pledge to Robert Abrams back in 1985 came just as Trump needed to get Abrams  permission for three apartment-building conversions. While Abrams was unable to return that money, another former attorney general, Eliot Spitzer, returned them twice. The first time, it was because Trump had plans in Spitzer s office that were pending approval.The second time, however, it was because Trump was involved in a dispute with potential condo buyers who wanted their deposit back. Spitzer s office had jurisdiction over that case.Trump donated something like $60,000 to California Attorney General Kamala Harris, while she was considering investigating Trump U.Trump freely acknowledges that political donations buys influence, and puts himself out there as an  outsider candidate.  You can t be an outsider when you bribe politicians like this. When Rand Paul called him on that, he whined that Paul was taking him out of context.Oh, please.Featured image by Ethan Miller/Getty Images",0
4342," BREAKING: Secret GOP Polls Show Trump In TOTAL Collapse, Congressional Candidates Fear Wipeout","In the week since Donald Trump s complete collapse in his head to head debate with Hillary Clinton, nearly every national poll has shown the Republican nominee taking a complete nosedive. Polls have begun emerging showing Trump down 5-6 percent, and by as much in some polls as 10 percent against Clinton.And it might even be worse than it appears. Internal polls   which have a tendency to show the candidate paying for them in a better position than public polls   are reportedly showing a massive collapse for Trump.Mr. Trump has already slipped perceptibly in public polls, trailing widely this week in Pennsylvania and by smaller margins in Florida and North Carolina   three states he cannot afford to lose. But private polling by both parties shows an even more precipitous drop, especially among independent voters, moderate Republicans and women, according to a dozen strategists from both parties who spoke on the condition of anonymity because the data was confidential.Liesl Hickey, a Republican strategist involved in several House races in swing states, said she was dismayed by a sudden exodus of independent voters in more diverse parts of the country. They are really starting to pull away from Trump,  said Ms. Hickey, describing his soaring unpopularity with independents as entering  uncharted territory. These voters are not responding well to Trump s unhinged attacks on former Miss Universe Alicia Machado, who has become a symbol of the nominee s bias against women and Latinos. They also don t like the way he is engaging in gutter politics, by promising to bring up President Bill Clinton s marital infidelity.Yet Trump seems undeterred by the negative reception he s received for these proposals. Surrounded by a phalanx of  yes  men and women, Trump seems to believe that these lines of attack will work for him and expand his support beyond the uneducated older white males that are the bulk of his supporter.That probably isn t a good bet.Featured image via Flickr",0
4343, WaPo Reporter Calls Literally HUNDREDS Of Charities Searching For Proof Of Trump’s ‘Generosity’,"We ve heard nonstop from Donald Trump, and his family and campaign, how wonderfully, generously philanthropic he is. He has personally donated millions of dollars to various charities over  a number of years,  to hear them tell it. However, many are extremely skeptical of that claim, as well they should be. David Farenthold, of the Washington Post, has been investigating where at least some of that money has gone, and is coming up damn near empty-handed.Since Sept. 21, Farenthold has been calling charity, after charity, after charity, trying to find even one that s received money from Trump personally. To date, he s called 386 charities, everything from schools to AIDS charities, to religious foundations, and everything in between. Below is just a tiny sample of Farenthold s list:And many more. It s true that there are lot of charities telling Farenthold,  No comment,  but, well, gee, Trump s tax returns could settle that uncertainty. Too bad he won t release them and we have to go about discovering the truth the hard way.But we digress. A ton of other charities are saying,  Never,  though. In fact, between 2008 and now, Farenthold has found maybe $1 million or so in charitable donations from Trump.Trump, however, keeps insisting that he s given millions to charity, and apparently his people told Farenthold that he prefers to give  quietly  so that more charities won t find out and call him. Chris Christie claimed that Trump gave tens of millions of his own money, but Buzzfeed s Andrew Kaczynski says there s no proof of that.In an earlier story, the Post revealed that they d found less than $10,000 in charitable giving over a period of seven years. At the time that story ran, Trump s campaign was saying that there s no way for the press to  know or understand  his giving (again, releasing his tax returns would settle this). Despite a mounting body of evidence against him, the claim is, inexplicably, still there.We call bullshit, and it looks like the Post does too.Farenthold has been posting updates on his quest on Twitter, complete with photos of his notes:I ve been trying to find evidence that @realDonaldTrump gave any $ out of his own pocket between  08 and this May. Results so far: pic.twitter.com/JSggLbJcit  David Fahrenthold (@Fahrenthold) September 21, 2016But that money could still be out there! If @CortesSteve or anybody else knows of gifts that haven t been previously reported, let me know!  David Fahrenthold (@Fahrenthold) September 21, 2016At RNC, @ChrisChristie said @realDonaldTrump gave to Sandy Relief fund run by Ms. Christie. Turns out, Trump didn t. https://t.co/ykSCxFzgw7  David Fahrenthold (@Fahrenthold) September 21, 2016UPDATE: I ve now called 346 charities, looking for proof that @realDonaldTrump really does give millions of his own $ pic.twitter.com/NpTrQYnoh3  David Fahrenthold (@Fahrenthold) September 23, 2016.@realDonaldTrump folks have said he gives quietly, from own pocket, to keep other charities from finding out and badgering him for $. https://t.co/dFTpISw9Os  David Fahrenthold (@Fahrenthold) September 28, 2016I ve now called 381 charities, looking for proof that @realDonaldTrump really does give his own money to charity. Got a suggestion? DM me. pic.twitter.com/RRZtizUyjX  David Fahrenthold (@Fahrenthold) October 5, 2016I ve now called 386 charities, looking for millions @realDonaldTrump says he gave away. Still a chance the Dwyer H.S. Band (#380) got it all pic.twitter.com/1jRKkv7G7u  David Fahrenthold (@Fahrenthold) October 5, 2016This is the reporter behind the Post s damning story on the Trump Foundation s lack of paperwork, and their lack of legal right to solicit donations in excess of $25,000 per year. Farenthold has been deep into everything Trump has to do with charity since last February, and his investigations just unravel more and more of the mountainous lie that is Donald Trump. Featured image by Jessica Kourkounis/Getty Images",0
4344, Here’s Your Handy List Of Lies Lying Liar Mike Pence Told During The VP Debate,"It is widely believed that GOP vice presidential nominee Governor Mike Pence of Indiana won the one and only vice presidential debate of the season Tuesday night. After all, he was calm and smooth in the face of attack after attack from his opponent, Democratic presidential nominee Senator Tim Kaine of Virginia. However, there s just one VERY BIG problem there: Pence flat-out lied throughout the debate. Well, this is likely something that people are just casual, general election political observers don t know. But, certainly pundits and political nerds knew this right away, and the non-partisan fact-checking operation Politifact was ready to call Pence out on his many, many lies. Here are just a few highlights:Pence:  Hillary Clinton failed to renegotiate a status of forces agreement. We rated this claim Mostly False. In 2011, the Obama administration was negotiating with the Iraqi government to give American troops immunity prosecution by Iraqis   a touchy political issue.There s debate on whether the Americans could have worked out a deal, but Pence is wrong to suggest Clinton is to blame. The key decisions and discussions took place between the White House itself and Iraqi leaders.Pence:  They want to expand (Obamacare) into a single-payer program. Clinton and Kaine have proposed a public option   a government-sponsored insurance plan   but they have not proposed single-payer. Clinton has consistently resisted going in that direction and instead proposes to work to prevent the repeal of Obamacare and try to improve on it.Pence s claim is Mostly False.Pence: Donald Trump  never said that  more nations should get nuclear weapons.Mostly False. Trump has said some countries, namely Japan and South Korea, might be  better off  if they were to develop nuclear weapons, given their proximity to North Korea. However, he has also said   often in the same interview   that he opposes nuclear proliferation in general.Pence:  We delivered $400 million in cash as a ransom payment for Americans held by the radical mullahs in Tehran.This  ransom  line, which we ve previously heard from Trump, is Mostly False. Iran received the payment on the same day that American prisoners were released, but experts said this was not ransom. The United States owed Iran the money as part of a decades-long financial dispute.Pence:  Less than 10 cents on the dollar in the Clinton Foundation has gone to charitable causes. This is a repeated Republican talking point and it s inaccurate. While it s true that the foundation gives away in grants a small fraction of its resources, about 87 percent of its expenses go toward services it provides directly.And that s just a few. The entire analysis of the truthfulness of the vice presidential candidates  claims can be found here at Politifact.Overall, Mike Pence had to walk a very difficult tight rope Tuesday night. While he might have won when it comes to a calm, cool style, he failed miserably on substance. Perhaps that is because when it comes down to it, his running mate is a racist, misogynist, pathological liar and a dangerous demagogue who should never be anywhere near the Oval Office. To that end, Pence s strategy seemed to be to insist that the more outrageous things that Donald Trump has said throughout this horrific travesty of a presidential campaign aren t true, and to run away from clearly indefensible positions. Or maybe he s just drank the Kool-Aid they regularly serve up at Trump Tower, and actually thinks he is telling the truth and being reasonable.Either way, it s insanity. Thank goodness for fact-checkers to help set the American people straight in this nightmare of a presidential election season.Featured image via Chip Somodevilla/Getty Images",0
4345," Atlantic’s Endorsement SLAMS Trump, Indicts Him As One Of The Most Dangerous Candidates Ever","The Atlantic is a well-respected American publication. It also is one that tries with all its might to not be partisan when it comes to reporting on presidential politics. For this reason, the Atlantic usually refuses to endorse presidential candidates. The magazine has existed since 1857, and prides itself on being fact-based, morally sound, and non-partisan for the most part. They actually took sides for the first time in endorsing then-Republican candidate for president Abraham Lincoln, due to his position on slavery. To that endorsement, the paper said its reasoning for endorsing Lincoln was clear: a moral objection to slavery. The paper said of this endorsement:One of the animating causes of this magazine at its founding, in 1857, was the abolition of slavery, and Lowell argued that the Republican Party, and the man who was its standard-bearer in 1860, represented the only reasonable pathway out of the existential crisis then facing the country. In his endorsement of Abraham Lincoln for president, Lowell wrote, on behalf of the magazine,  It is in a moral aversion to slavery as a great wrong that the chief strength of the Republican party lies.  He went on to declare that Abraham Lincoln  had experience enough in public affairs to make him a statesman, and not enough to make him a politician. The second time The Atlantic endorsed a candidate for president also had to do with racism, when the endorsement for Lyndon B. Johnson was announced. The Atlantic s position then was, once again, less of a glowing heap of praise for Johnson, but rather against Barry Goldwater s rank racism. Then-editor Edward Weeks wrote at the time: We admire the President for the continuity with which he has maintained our foreign policy, a policy which became a worldwide responsibility at the time of the Marshall Plan. The magazine went on to write that President Johnson would deliver to America the solution  to the vexed problem of civil rights a power of conciliation which will prevent us from stumbling down the road taken by South Africa.  They went on to say of the known racist candidate they saw in Barry Goldwater:We think it unfortunate that Barry Goldwater takes criticism as a personal affront; we think it poisonous when his anger betrays him into denouncing what he calls the  radical  press by bracketing the New York Times, the Washington Post, and Izvestia. There speaks not the reason of the Southwest but the voice of Joseph McCarthy. We do not impugn Senator Goldwater s honesty. We sincerely distrust his factionalism and his capacity for judgment.And now, when faced with the possibility of a bigoted, dangerous demagogue as president, The Atlantic once again has taken a stand and endorsed Democratic presidential nominee Hillary Clinton. Again, this has more to do with the dangers of a Trump administration than it has to do with Hillary herself. While the good folks at The Atlantic had plenty of praise for Hillary s public service record, their public endorsement is definitely focused on the indisputable dangers of Donald Trump. They said, in part:Donald Trump, on the other hand, has no record of public service and no qualifications for public office. His affect is that of an infomercial huckster; he traffics in conspiracy theories and racist invective; he is appallingly sexist; he is erratic, secretive, and xenophobic; he expresses admiration for authoritarian rulers, and evinces authoritarian tendencies himself. He is easily goaded, a poor quality for someone seeking control of America s nuclear arsenal. He is an enemy of fact-based discourse; he is ignorant of, and indifferent to, the Constitution; he appears not to read.This judgment is not limited to the editors of The Atlantic. A large number in fact, a number unparalleled since Goldwater s 1964 campaign of prominent policy makers and officeholders from the candidate s own party have publicly renounced him. Trump disqualified himself from public service long before he declared his presidential candidacy. In one of the more sordid episodes in modern American politics, Trump made himself the face of the so-called birther movement, which had as its immediate goal the demonization of the country s first African American president. Trump s larger goal, it seemed, was to stoke fear among white Americans of dark-skinned foreigners. He succeeded wildly in this; the fear he has aroused has brought him one step away from the presidency.The Atlantic s editors are right to do this. Trump is dangerous. The fact that a non-partisan, widely respected publication that has only taken sides in presidential politics three times since 1857 has such strong words against one major party candidate and in favor of another is very telling. They are telling us something that we should already know: a Donald Trump presidency isn t just embarrassing, or even just bigoted. It would be a reckless and dangerous affair that would literally amount to a national and international emergency.Sure, Independents and others who aren t necessarily on Team Hillary might have legitimate reasons for not taking the word of a clear Clinton supporter such as myself seriously. But you surely can, if only for a second, take a step back and consider the opinions of a paper like The Atlantic.Featured image via Alex Wong/Getty Images",0
4346, Donald Trump’s ‘Charity’ Foundation Is About To Be Shut The F**k Down NATIONWIDE,"Things really aren t looking too great for Donald Trump s charity foundation. With recent developments prohibiting the Trump Foundation from soliciting funds in New York state, it s now looking like a good majority of states may be following suit.The Trump Foundation has also been being looked at by the Attorney General for how it is getting and spending funds, especially after what happen with veterans organizations earlier this year.According to The Daily Beast: To make matters worse for the Trump Foundation, the probe may not be limited to New York: Charity experts and lawyers tell The Daily Beast that the attorneys general of other states may soon get involved in a long, drawn-out process.All major charities are required to register with 41 different states across the nation in order to individually request permission to fundraise. When Trump raised money for veterans, he may have broken the rules in dozens of states. The president of the National Committee for Responsible Philanthropy, Aaron Dorfman, stated: The Trump Foundation would be required to file similar paperwork with the attorneys generals of nearly every other state, and they could all take similar action. It is likely that other states will follow suit and they will be issued cease and desist orders denying them fundraising privileges in other states. That is the most likely next step. This is not good news for Trump who keeps trying to pivot to slamming Hillary Clinton s Clinton Foundation. You know, the one that helps fight AIDS in nations globally.Trump, of course, likes to pretend that he s holier than thou, which might explain why Trump Foundation money was used to buy pictures of, well, himself.And according to Real Clear Politics: From 2011 through 2014, Trump harnessed his eponymous foundation to send at least $286,000 to influential conservative or policy groups, a RealClearPolitics review of the foundation s tax filings found. In many cases, this flow of money corresponded to prime speaking slots or endorsements that aided Trump as he sought to recast himself as a plausible Republican candidate for president. Finding out Trump is a scam artist using a shell charity with his same name really should come as no surprise. Especially to fund his political ambitions of grandeur. However, it will be interesting to see how this story develops as the November election draws nearer.Featured Photo by Scott Olson/Getty Images",0
4347, BUSTED: Steel Unions FURIOUS At Trump For Destroying American Jobs,"If Trump wants to win the rust belt, he needs to practice what he preaches. After promising multiple times that under his Administration that jobs and business would be brought back to the steelworkers of Pennsylvania, Ohio and Minnesota, a new report detailed that Trump wasn t doing his part to make that happen (shocker, right?). Turns out Trump buys his steel   and aluminum   for his buildings from China, not the struggling rust belt states and communities.Let me guess: that makes him  smart. The Newsweek expose put a major dent in Trump s ability to coalesce blue collar, unionized steelworkers who typically vote Democratic but have been courted heavily by the Republican nominee.President of USW Local 1219, which represents workers at U.S. Steel s Edgar Thomson Works, Jim Johnston, slammed the nominee for failing to follow his own advice and promises at a press conference with other steelworkers and officials, saying:What he says really appeals to our members. But what he does is the total opposite.Braddock, Pennsylvania, which boomed in the 1920s as the epicenter of steel production but lost close to 90 percent of its population after the industry collapsed in the 1970s and 1980s, also felt the sting of Trump s double-talk. Mayor John Fetterman, a Democrat, laid into Trump s lies, telling the local press:Donald Trump pretends to be in the corner of steelworkers when the facts   as always with Donald Trump   show otherwise.If Donald Trump loses the support of the steelworkers, he can kiss Pennsylvania (and possibly Ohio) goodbye. With Hillary Clinton rising in the polls and making ground in the state, Trump will have to claw his way back after a series of devastating revelations about the candidate have been made public.Pennsylvania s next door neighbor, Ohio, is also not so forgiving, even among Republicans. Lourenco Goncalves, president and CEO of Cleveland-based Cliffs Natural Resources, said:It s just another example of who he is. He works for Donald Trump, not the common good. I m a Republican, but I just can t support a guy like Donald Trump.Just across the Great Lakes, in Minnesota, criticism has been sharper. USW President Leo W. Gerard went full anti-Trump in a statement to Duluth News Tribune:The USW, though not surprised by Trump s actions, is furious over his efforts to undercut key American manufacturing jobs in the construction of his buildings he so often brags about. The investigation from Newsweek released Monday is a shocking expose on Trump s plan to not only buy his steel and aluminum from the Chinese, but to use shell companies and corporate black holes to try and hide his greed even as he was planning to run for president.John Rebrovich, assistant to the director of USW District 11 in Minnesota, also told Duluth:We ve got 12,000 steelworkers at steel mills out of work and another 10,000 at aluminium mills and he s buying Chinese steel through shell companies. That s not making America great again. That s killing our jobs.Ouch. Trump s greatest chance on winning these traditionally Democratic states may have just completely turned against him, and for good reason. They have been ravaged enough. They don t need a bombastic billionaire promising them all these wonderful things when he doesn t even do his part to alleviate their suffering. Why didn t Trump contract these workers? Chances are he would have stiffed them, but even the extension of doing business would have meant the world to these hardworking Americans. But Trump, as usual, picks China to do his bidding.Featured image via Ralp Freso/Getty images",0
4348, FACT: Donald Trump’s Education Plan Would Mass-Fire Teachers And DECIMATE Pell Grants,"If Donald Trump had his way, 14 percent of American teachers would lose their jobs. While the United States already faces a critical shortage of teachers not seen since the 1990s, Trump s plan would eliminate these crucial teaching positions as well as decimating Pell grants used by millions of students every year to achieve higher education.How would he do this? Trump, appeasing to the far-right fringe of the Republican Party, has pledged to eliminate the Department of Education. For years Republicans   from Ron Paul to Rick Perry   have been pushing for the elimination of not just the DOE, but other Departments as well.A recent study from the Center of American Progress Action Fund used statistical analysis to show what would happen if the Department of Education really was done away with as Trump so wants to do. Well, the results are horrifying:The list goes on and on. The idea to eliminate the Department of Education may look good to someone who wants  less government,  but in reality it s a cold and heartless move that s being pushed by billionaire proponents of school choice, like the Koch Brothers.The Learning Policy Institute attributes the shortage of teachers due to monies and entities being slashed from districts and states (and the federal level) during the Great Recession. After slashing, schools and teachers suffered. Now Trump wants to slash the buffer zone between complete privatization of our schools and a robust public option that has greatly enriched our nation.The Congressional Budget Office, a non-partisan fiscal entity, said of closing the Department of Education:U.S. high school graduation rates are hitting all-time highs; dropout rates are at historical lows; college going rates are close to the highest they have ever been; and test scores across the country are improving. But the elimination of the protections and resources from the Department of Education could significantly hinder or even reverse these gains.Trump won t listen. Instead he ll pander to his rich ultra-conservative buddies who have now propped him up in this election. If Trump has his way, say goodbye to our education system.Featured image via Theo Stroomer/Getty Images ",0
4349, Bernie Sanders And Elizabeth Warren Drop BOMBSHELL On Wall Street Execs,"The Department of Justice has begun their criminal probe into Wells Fargo over the firing of 5,300 employees after said employees were coerced into opening over 2 million unauthorized accounts in an effort to boost their stock prices.As the criminal probe begins, 14 Senators, including Bernie Sanders and Elizabeth Warren (whose video grilling CEO John Stumpf went viral) wrote a letter to Attorney General Loretta Lynch asking that the investigation primarily focus on executives with the company, not lower level employees:Every time the Department of Justice settles a case of corporate fraud without holding individuals accountable, it reinforces the notion that the wealthy and powerful have purchased a higher class of justice for themselves. That s why the Wells Fargo investigation is so important.  Last week s Senate Banking Committee hearing with Wells Fargo Chairman and CEO John Stumpf raised serious questions that demand additional answers and point to potential individual wrongdoing  We are not in a position to determine if any of the senior executives at Wells Fargo committed criminal conduct.  That is ultimately the job of the Justice Department and courts.  But these facts raise questions about whether senior executives, including Mr. Stumpf, knowingly allowed illegal conduct to continue.Senators who signed the letter are Tammy Baldwin, Richard Blumenthal, Dick Durbin, Al Franken, Kirsten Gillibrand, Mazie Hirono, Angus King, Amy Klobuchar, Patrick Leahy, Ed Markey, Jeff Merkley, Bernie Sanders, Elizabeth Warren, and Ron Wyden.Twelve Democrats and two Independents. Not a single Republican signed the letter.The letter states that Stumpf knew as early as 2013 that employees were opening up the illegal accounts but failed to disclose the information to investors and instead used the illegal accounts as a way to inflate stock prices. In other words, Stumpf was committing fraud.The end of the letter praises the actions taken by Warren s Consumer Financial Protection Bureau, but it still holds out hope that the DOJ will investigate executives personally:While the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau and Office of the Comptroller of the Currency settlements in this case are a good first step toward providing restitution to Wells Fargo s customers, they are no substitute for a thorough Justice Department investigation into potential wrongdoing by senior executives at the bank.  We hope the Department follows through on its promise in the Yates memo and brings all the resources it has to bear on investigating the conduct of Wells Fargo s senior leadership.Sanders wrote a letter to regulators earlier, asking if any investigations against the executives personally were being conducted, saying,  Wall Street won t change until we make it clear that no bank is too big to fail and no CEO is too big to jail. So far, his questions remain unanswered. Hopefully, the letter sent by these progressive senators doesn t go unanswered.Featured image via Justin Sullivan/Getty Images",0
4350, WATCH: This May Be The Video That Ends Donald Trump’s Chance At The White House For Good,"If there s one thing the Donald Trump is good at, it s lying. However, here s the thing, he ll always get caught one way or another.Now, his lying is rubbing off on his vice presidential running mate Indiana Governor Mike Pence. Lies so ridiculous and obvious, though, that it only took Huffington Post less than 12 hours to put together a video that is so damning it has the possibility of being the last straw for any voters still on the fence.The video literally does a point by point takedown of many, many lies that had been uttered throughout the vice presidential debate and pairs them with the truth of what the two men, Trump and Pence, have actually said.It really doesn t get more obvious than this clear depiction of the deception and constant lying to the American public that the Trump campaign has perpetuated since the very beginning.A Trump/Pence ticket isn t only bad for the United States, but for the entire world. They are lying liars and it absolutely needs to be exposed.Watch the epic takedown here:Donald Trump has said a lot of things. Mike Pence said he didn t say those things. He did. Here s proof: https://t.co/eaveYHtNE0 pic.twitter.com/vg62mET4V0  HuffPost Politics (@HuffPostPol) October 5, 2016Featured Photo by Spencer Platt/Getty Image",0
4351, BUSTED: Trump Took Millions Of Dollars From Saudi Arabia Despite Saying He Would ‘Never’ Accept Their Money,"Remember when Fox host Sean Hannity directly asked Donald Trump if he would ever accept money from a country like Saudi Arabia that treats women, Christians, and Jews like shit and he said he wouldn t?Hannity began by claiming that the Clinton Foundation accepted $25 million from the Saudi Arabian government and Trump has repeatedly demanded that the charity give the money back.But Trump nor Hannity have any proof of their claim. And Politifact could not find any evidence that Hillary Clinton personally solicited funds from the Saudis. Saudi Arabia did donate at least $10 million to the foundation to contribute to the building of the Clinton presidential library, but the Saudis also donated the same amount toward building the George H. W. Bush library.Politifact further noted that the Saudi government never donated any money to the foundation while Hillary Clinton served as Secretary of State, thus undermining Trump s accusations that Hillary was involved in a pay-to-play scheme with Saudi Arabia.But while Trump whined about the Clinton Foundation s relationship with the Saudis, he told Hannity that he wouldn t take money from them.Here s the video via YouTube just to jog your memory.Well, it turns out that Trump lied.Back in 2001, the Republican nominee did big business with Saudi Arabia and had absolutely no problem doing so.According to the New York Daily News,Trump sold the 45th floor of Trump World Tower to the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia for $4.5 million The five apartments included 10 bedrooms and 13 bathrooms at the time of the sale, and had yearly common charges of $85,585 for building amenities If those common charges remain the same, Trump was paid at least $5.7 million by the Saudi government since 2001.So while Trump attacks Hillary over donations made to the Clinton Foundation, he has literally been doing business with the Saudi government and taking millions of dollars from them since 2001.This is yet another example of how Trump doesn t practice what he preaches to his conservative fans.It s been revealed that Trump tried to do business with Fidel Castro s Cuba in direct violation of the embargo that has been in place for decades in response to Cuba s human rights record. Trump also does business with China by purchasing steel and other metals from companies there instead of companies in the United States, thus helping China topple American companies while screwing over American workers. Trump also furnishes his hotels with goods not made in the USA and even offers Qurans to any guest who requests one despite bashing Islam on the campaign trail.In short, Donald Trump is a lying hypocrite as usual.Featured Image: Alex Wong/Getty Images",0
4352, Trump Literally Turned This School’s Pep Rally To A ‘White Pride’ Rally (VIDEO),"If there is a single theme around this year s presidential contest, it s that suddenly, it s okay for Americans to let their racist freak flags fly high in the air. In case you thought most of those Trump-fueled racists were Baby Boomers and older, you d be wrong. A high school in Montana turned its annual homecoming event into a white pride rally.The annual competition is called  Color Wars.  Normally, that has a pretty innocuous meaning. Each class is assigned a color (black for seniors, white for juniors, blue for sophomores and green for freshman). Whichever class gets the most people to wear the colors wins.Like I said, normally, this is all in good fun, but this is the year of Trump, and well, white pride has risen again. Two juniors, a boy and a girl, wore white as they were supposed to, but with a little extra touch. Their t-shirts had  Trump 2016 White Pride  scrolled in sharpie on the backs.Photos showed that the front of the male student s shirt was covered with a Confederate flag and large red letters that spelled  REDNECK.  On the front of the girl s shirt was handwritten in all-caps:  WHITE POWER. Source: Washington PostHere s the video:KPAX.com | Continuous News | Missoula & Western MontanaPolson High School  smartest  students? Not! #montanamoment #CNN #ACLU pic.twitter.com/sagV2xWQ3R  Jozi (@Jonz77) September 30, 2016Polson High School Gets National Attention With Controversial T-Shirts   State Headlines https://t.co/jXpGCDedgF  96.3 The Blaze (@963theblazefm) October 3, 2016The two students have been suspended, but some are blaming the school, saying that  Color Wars,  by definition would encourage this type of behavior. The school has never had this happen before, though, so let s see what has changed? It s clearly Donald Trump. Not only has Trump emboldened people who have always been racist, Trump is helping solidify a whole new generation of racists. And for those young people who aren t racist, Trump is creating fear:It s producing an alarming level of fear and anxiety among children of color and inflaming racial and ethnic tensions in the classroom. Many students worry about being deported.Other students have been emboldened by the divisive, often juvenile rhetoric in the campaign. Teachers have noted an increase in bullying, harassment and intimidation of students whose races, religions or nationalities have been the verbal targets of candidates on the campaign trail.Source: Southern Poverty Law CenterIf this doesn t prove to otherwise reasonable Republicans that Trump is very, very dangerous for the future of the country, nothing will.Featured image via Twitter. ",0
4353, Conservatives Are Seriously Claiming Kaine’s Marine Pin Is A Secret Communist Insult,"Republicans have officially sunk so low this election they couldn t possibly go deeper   or so you d think. Last night s vice presidential debate showed two men, one an honorable senator and the other a lap-dog governor, go at each other over policy and personal barbs. Republicans criticized Tim Kaine for interrupting too much (but were silent when Trump did the same thing to Hillary Clinton), and Donald Trump felt it necessary to, on Twitter of course, mock Kaine s personal appearance. Kellyanne Conway   who refuses to acknowledge Trump s record deficit with female voters   suggested Kaine was sexist.But perhaps the most deplorable of all insults hurdled at Tim Kaine s way comes from World Net Daily writer Jerome Corsi, PhD. Corsi   who  exposed President Obama s former life as a gay drug dealer   took to Twitter to denounce Kaine s pin, which is recognized by the Department of Defense for families with those serving in the military. Corsi referred to the sacred pin as  Ho Chi Minh,   Viet Cong,  and  Leftist secret squirrel stuff.  Corsi also accused Kaine of not respecting the military because the pin, he felt, was too narrow and didn t do enough to honor all those who have served   including those who have died waiting to receive care from the VA.Corsi deleted several tweets in response to other users, but luckily we got screenshots saved of the monstrosity:For a party that claims to support the military, the troops, military families, and veterans, they certainly have a hard time showing it. Corsi, along with the North Carolina GOP (which also mocked Kaine s pin as being communist sympathizing) shows how utterly heartless, foul and downright dirty the GOP can be. By all means, object to Kaine s policy ideas. Object to his running mate, Hillary Clinton. But the minute one trashes his son, and their Blue Star status, will be the minute of regret.So far, World Net Daily, Corsi s employer, has not denounced the comments, nor has any prominent member of the Republican Party. Yet Corsi still has a platform to spew his hate and mismanagement of the truth.Republicans, this election, have mocked Blue Star families, Gold Star families, war heroes, veterans with PTSD, our military, and so forth. Where will it end? When will Republicans stand up and denounce this outrageous, offensive, un-American hate that consumes their party?Featured image via Salon",0
4354, Historian: Trump And His Supporters Should Be Arrested For TREASON If They Refuse To Accept Defeat,"As Election Day continues to get closer on the calendar, some conservatives are already threatening to commit acts of violence if Hillary Clinton beats Donald Trump.In fact, conservatives, including Trump, have been laying the groundwork for months now to invalidate the election results in the event Donald Trump loses.The Republican nominee went to Pennsylvania in August and declared that the only way he can possibly lose Pennsylvania is if Hillary Clinton cheats to win the state. Ever since then, Trump s campaign and the Republicans that support him have been claiming that Clinton will somehow steak the election via election fraud, which suggests Trump and his conservative backers will refuse to gracefully accept defeat on Election Day and could go so far as to make threats and commit acts of violence in order to prevent Hillary from taking over as Commander-in-Chief.And such a move by conservatives would not only be unprecedented in the entire history of our nation, it would also be treason.Historian Dr. Ronald Feinman explained in an article published by History News Network that in all of our history, no losing presidential candidate has ever not accepted defeat in the wake of losing an election. There has never been a threat of a losing candidate refusing to accept the victory of his opponent, even in the midst of an oncoming Civil War, or in the midst of the Great Depression, or during the tensions of the Cold War years,  Feinman wrote.There is absolutely no excuse or justification for even a perceived possibility that Donald Trump might cause a major threat to civil order by encouraging his supporters to refuse to accept his defeat. Yet, we have some Republicans, including Kentucky Governor Matt Bevin seemingly setting the stage for possible civil disobedience and even violence based on the argument that Bill and Hillary Clinton are totally corrupt, and that no victory by Hillary Clinton would be valid. It is truly terrifying to think of the possible threat to the new President and Vice President by crazed supporters who use Trump s vehement opposition and potential rejection of the results as an excuse for bloodshed and violence, including a possible threat to the health, safety, and lives of Hillary Clinton and Tim Kaine.During the Values Voter Summit last month, Bevin called for bloody rebellion if Hillary Clinton wins in November. Somebody asked me yesterday, I did an interview and they said,  Do you think it s possible, if Hillary Clinton were to win the election, do you think it s possible that we ll be able to survive? That we would ever be able to recover as a nation? And while there are people who have stood on this stage and said we would not, I would beg to differ. But I will tell you this: I do think it would be possible, but at what price? At what price? The roots of the tree of liberty are watered by what? The blood, of who? The tyrants to be sure, but who else? The patriots. Whose blood will be shed? It may be that of those in this room. It might be that of our children and grandchildren. I have nine children. It breaks my heart to think that it might be their blood that is needed to redeem something, to reclaim something, that we through our apathy and our indifference have given away. Donald Trump has also suggested that  Second Amendment people  could  do something  to stop Hillary Clinton.This suggests that Trump and conservatives are planning to contest any election result that is not in their favor and are planning to cause chaos and commit violence if they don t get their way. This should be seen as a treasonable act, were it to occur, requiring the arrest, trial and incarceration of any Trump supporters, including the candidate himself, who represent a threat to constitutional order and American democracy,  Feinman continued.  Donald Trump would go down in history ever worse than his reputation has already been sullied by his actions and statements promoting division and chaos in America, and undermining its ability to protect national security. Being a  sore loser  who advocates or endorses violence and bloodshed would put him into a class with people such as Benedict Arnold and Aaron Burr as traitors to the nation. Indeed, Trump and conservatives would be undermining our democracy and our tradition of peaceful transfers of political power which is why Americans must defeat Donald Trump by a landslide on November 8th in order to send a clear message to Trump and conservatives that their agenda is rejected and their behavior is totally unacceptable.Featured Image: Flickr",0
4355, Trump’s Former Accountant Breaks Silence To Shut Down Trump’s Tax Lies (VIDEO),"One of the most insane things about Republican nominee Donald Trump is that even when he massively f*cks up, he can t help but brag about how  smart  and  brilliant  he is! This has been especially true when it comes to his shady tax returns, which he still refuses to release to the American people despite several promises to be transparent.If you watched the first presidential debate between Trump and Hillary Clinton last week, you saw Trump shamelessly boast about how  smart  he was for not paying federal income taxes. And after recent reports discovered that the business mogul hasn t paid taxes in almost two decades, Trump claimed to have  brilliant , superior knowledge of America s tax codes, which allows him to manipulate the system to his advantage. Well, the truth is coming out now that an ex-accountant of Trump has come forward.Jack Mitnick, one of Trump s former accountants, has given an interview with Inside Edition that exposes another one of Trump s many lies. Mitnick was the accountant cited in the 1995 tax returns that were recently leaked, where Trump was shown to have lost a staggering one billion dollars in a year. According to Mitnick, Trump doesn t even know anything about taxes, even though he claims to. Mitnick said: I did all the tax preparation. He never saw the product until it was presented to him for signature  I m the one who did all the work. This sounds exactly like typical Trump   taking full credit for the hard work of other people. The only thing Trump did that was perhaps  smart  was to hire a savvy accountant   and yet he continues to try and convince America that his knowledge of how the tax system works makes him the better presidential candidate. It s seriously pathetic!You can watch Mitnick s interview below, in which he exposes Trump as a lying fraud:Featured image via Spencer Platt / Getty Images",0
4356," Bernie Sanders Goes After Trump’s Tax Scam, Trump PISSED (TWEETS)","Just because Vermont Senator Bernie Sanders is no longer in the presidential race does not mean he s stopped going after Republican nominee Donald Trump.Since his campaign ended, Sanders has been a major supporter of Democratic nominee Hillary Clinton, and has been urging his massive following to get behind the former Secretary of State. But that s not all he s doing to save America from Trump   Sanders recently announced his plan to introduce legislation that will make it impossible for Trump continue to take advantage of tax loopholes.Trump s taxes have been a major topic throughout this entire campaign, as the business mogul continues to hold them hostage from the American people. However, the truth has been coming out little by little. Recent reports have stated that in 1995, Trump claimed a loss of almost one billion dollars on his tax returns, which may have enabled him to use legal tax loopholes to avoid paying federal income tax for 18 years! On Tuesday, Sanders said he would put an end to this: Special tax breaks and loopholes in a corrupt tax code enable billionaires and powerful corporations to avoid paying their fair share of taxes while sticking the burden on the middle class. It s time to create a tax system which is fair and which asks the wealthy and powerful to start paying their fair share of taxes.I will be introducing comprehensive legislation at the beginning of the next session of Congress to do just that. TwitterTwitterSanders believes his legislation will take care of the following loopholes that have been taken advantage of by people like Trump:For Trump, who bragged about how  smart  he was for not paying any taxes during the first presidential debate last week, this will be devastating.Featured image via Drew Angerer and David McNew / Getty Images",0
4357, WATCH: How Mike Pence Totally Threw Trump Under The Bus At VP Debate (VIDEO),"While it was billed as a one-time-only clash between the vice presidential running mates, the real matchup at the vice presidential debate turned out not to be Mike Pence versus Tim Kaine after all.As this video from the group Correct the Record shows, Mike Pence spent more time slamming positions and statements held by his own running mate, Donald Trump, than either of the members of the Democratic ticket.Here s the video:[ad3media campaign= 1045 ]It was really stunning to see Pence again and again roll his eyes or exhale as Kaine recited Trump s bizarre rhetoric, only to use his response time to completely avoid defending Trump or offering up the most token resistance.It s no wonder that many observing the debate believe Pence s tactics have more to do with a possible presidential run in 2020 than any real interest in being Trump s vice president for 4-8 years.The thinking is that even on a losing ticket, Pence will have the sort of national exposure that would be impossible to earn through any other means. As the most recent Republican primary showed, a big name brand can conquer a field composed of Governors, Senators, and business leaders despite their credentials. Even as a siting governor, Pence would not have somewhere in the realm of 30 million people watching anything he could do as the leader of Indiana compared to number two on the presidential ticket.So while the strategy seems to hurt in the short term   whatever happened to party unity   it may be a play for the so-called  long game  in which Pence has a leg up over the post-Trump GOP field.That being said, it could just be an act of self-preservation on Pence s part. Not allying yourself with the man who attacks Muslims, Christians, and blacks is just good brand management, even though by simply being on the ticket, Pence is giving it validation in all its bigoted glory.Featured image via screen capture",0
4358," Eric Trump Tries To Defend Donald On Tax Evasion, Makes HUGE Mistake (VIDEO)","The topic of Donald Trump s taxes   or rather the lack of disclosure about Trump s taxes   was central to the 2016 vice presidential debate on Tuesday night. Appearing on CNN just as the debate ended, Trump s son Eric appeared in order to defend his father.Eric Trump tells @DanaBashCNN that Donald Trump  absolutely  pays federal income taxes https://t.co/6OZtrfIwim https://t.co/gm29AedxT4  CNN Politics (@CNNPolitics) October 5, 2016Host Dana Bash repeatedly asked the young Trump whether his father paid taxes, and if he would disclose his tax returns to the American people, something he has failed to do so far.In response, Eric Trump repeatedly claimed his dad paid  tremendous  amounts to the IRS and also asserted that he would disclose his tax forms.But reporting from the New York Times shows that when Trump reported a staggering near-$1 billion in losses in 1995, it very likely set him up to dodge paying taxes for the next 18 years. Trump took advantages of loopholes written into the tax code for wealthy real estate developers, and while Americans were sending troops off to war in Iraq and Afghanistan, it is very possible that Trump never contributed a dime in taxes to those efforts.Trump has evaded disclosing his taxes, something no candidate of either party has done since Richard Nixon, and as such has opened himself up to a ton of speculation. Without proof, questions continue to swirl around him. Did he evade taxes? What is the extent of his ties to Russian oligarchs? What other sources of income is he hiding on his returns? Is he actually a billionaire like he claims, or really a millionaire as other independent probes of his net worth have found? How much money has he shuttled into the so-called Trump Foundation, a vehicle he used to suck in money from other wealthy people, then used to buy baubles for himself while also donating money to some charities while claiming it was his own funds?Trump s son didn t answer any of these questions on CNN. He just kept on stammering about the money being  tremendous. Featured image via screen capture",0
4359, Here’s The REAL Winner Of The Vice Presidential Debate,"So, aside from the GOP s premature statement that Pence won the debate tonight, who is really winning? Who is going to win when all is said and done? Probably The Onion and  The Daily Show. The Onion ran a story with the following headline:  Moderator Reminds Vice Presidential Debate Audience To Remain Silent When Exiting Early.  It was already assumed that this debate wouldn t have nearly the spirit of the presidential debates, but The Onion took it nine steps further with this  quote  from the moderator, Elaine Quijano: It s crucial that you stay in a single-file line and make sure to keep moving in an orderly fashion so the aisles are clear for others attempting to leave their seats. And please abstain from slamming the door so as not to disturb those audience members who are sleeping.  [emphasis mine] The Daily Show s  live feed included a picture of a glass of milk with a tie, and some toast with a tie:The allusion is to milquetoast, which refers to a 1920s comic book character, Caspar Milquetoast, who was timid, and now is a general reference to people who are meek or timid. Accompanying that image was audio from the actual debate. It s also an illustration that the VP candidates do seem to remain in the background of each campaign.The general expectation was a very boring debate and both of these demonstrate that expectation very well. However, we did end up with quite a bit of spirit between Kaine and Pence, probably a lot more than expected. Either way, it s pretty clear that it s The Onion and  The Daily Show  that won the debate tonight. Hands down.Featured image by Chip Somodevilla/Getty Images",0
4360," Trump’s Twitter Meltdown During The VP Debate May Be The Whiniest, And Craziest, Yet (TWEETS)","We all already know that Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump is a loose cannon, especially when it comes to his Twitter habits. Tuesday night during the vice presidential debate was no different.Trump began the night by already assuming CNN is against him, so he declared he d turn to the Republican media branch, Fox News.Wow, @CNN is so negative. Their panel is a joke, biased and very dumb. I'm turning to @FoxNews where we get a fair shake! Mike will do great  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) October 5, 2016From there he let everyone know (at least we had a warning this time) that he was about to light up Twitter with his repeated nonsense.I will be live-tweeting the V.P. Debate. Very exciting! MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) October 5, 2016Then, he told us to enjoy his live-tweeting, because of course he did.Here we go   Enjoy!  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) October 5, 2016Things started decent enough, with Trump even throwing both his running mate Mike Pence and Hillary Clinton s running mate Tim Kaine a compliment.Both are looking good! Now we begin!  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) October 5, 2016Then the sh*t started to hit the screen:""@RoadkingL: @mike_pence Wow, Kaine couldn't go 12 seconds without a lie. Marines and military are scared of the liar running. #bengazi""  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) October 5, 2016""@lainey34210: @realDonaldTrump Great opening Pence?""  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) October 5, 2016""@Susiesentinel: #pence is so much more likeable than Kaine #cbsnews @realDonaldTrump""  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) October 5, 2016Keep in mind he s quote retweeting people because he clearly can t move his tiny thumbs fast enough to keep up.""@bigdog_joey: @realDonaldTrump @timkaine is so angry. Our @mike_pence looks great. kaine can't defend all those lies #makeamericagreatagain  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) October 5, 2016""@elisac006: @nycmia @realDonaldTrump I agree. Kaine looks like a fool!!""  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) October 5, 2016Not only  like a fool!  but also apparently like a Batman villain:""@Jnelson52722: @realDonaldTrump @Susiesentinel Kaine looks like an evil crook out of the Batman movies""  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) October 5, 2016Then some lies:""@TeamTrump: .@mike_pence & @realDonaldTrump are PROVEN job creators and are prepared to bring JOBS BACK to the American people!  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) October 5, 2016.@mike_pence is doing a great job   so far, no contest!  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) October 5, 2016 ""@ifdanyt: @realDonaldTrump Loving @mike_pence he's so likeable and sensible. Kaine is just talking bull!  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) October 5, 2016And more lies:""@bcuzimdamomma: @FreeDavidKing No she only gets #Americans killed #Benghazi   we need @realDonaldTrump #MAGA""  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) October 5, 2016.@timkaine wants to tough on crime   fails to talk about defending rapists and murders #VPDebate  Sean Spicer (@seanspicer) October 5, 2016With a bit of racism and lack of acknowledging a disconnect within these very communities:Law enforcement officers bring communities together & keep us safe. @mike_pence & @realDonaldTrump RESPECT & stand by them! #Debates2016 pic.twitter.com/ugUaKugjFO  Official Team Trump (@TeamTrump) October 5, 2016Then some more lies:""@GeeVeeM: @realDonaldTrump @Susiesentinel Pence is so prepared! He did his homework to outperform Kaine.""  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) October 5, 2016.@HillaryClinton Sneers At Millions Of Average Americans.https://t.co/gEfURjRCfu #VPDebate #BigLeagueTruth  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) October 5, 2016I agree Mike   thank you to all of our law enforcement officers! #VPDebate""Police officers are the best of us ""@Mike_Pence  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) October 5, 2016ALL CAPS:WHAT THEY ARE SAYING ABOUT MIKE PENCE  DOMINATING  THE DEBATE:https://t.co/mUw9S5GgNM #VPDebate  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) October 5, 2016And really big lies:.@mike_pence and I will defeat #ISIS.https://t.co/oCIIDwtptV #VPDebate  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) October 5, 2016MORE CAPS:CLINTON S FLAILING SYRIA POLICY WAS JUDGED A FAILURE:https://t.co/ICZxn7Q3vZ #VPDebate  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) October 5, 2016.@timkaine is the ANTI-DEFENSE SENATOR. #VPDebate #BigLeagueTruth https://t.co/qWkvGFARA1  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) October 5, 2016CAPS AND LIES:ICYMI: PENCE: I RAN A STATE THAT WORKED; KAINE RAN A STATE THAT FAILED. https://t.co/XuWaueNkH0  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) October 5, 2016Then more lies:.@timkaine is wrong for defense: https://t.co/QN9qqoq1kH #BigLeagueTruth #VPDebate  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) October 5, 2016Sanctions Relief From Clinton-Obama Iran Nuclear Deal Likely Go to Terrorists:https://t.co/lM80JriF9k #BigLeagueTruth #VPDebate  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) October 5, 2016AND CAPS:CLINTON S CLOSE TIES TO PUTIN DESERVE SCRUTINY:https://t.co/wPYm5vQoyt #VPDebate  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) October 5, 2016Quick pause, how much projecting is there in that last tweet, or hell all the tweets? You can pretty much assume anything Trump says to attack Clinton has been used against him.Okay .MORE LIES IN ALL CAPS:CLINTON IS WEAK ON NORTH KOREA:https://t.co/8pRednmnFX #VPDebate  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) October 5, 2016Then he simmers for a moment, but still lies:.@HillaryClinton s Careless Use Of A Secret Server Put National Security At Risk: https://t.co/OiAEMnrGcy #VPDebate#BigLeagueTruth  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) October 5, 2016Clinton s Top Aides Were Mired In Conflict Of Interest At The State Department: https://t.co/wWfdaECtVu#VPDebate #BigLeagueTruth  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) October 5, 2016Retweets! (tiny thumbs need a break):""@Gsimmons03Ginny: @realDonaldTrump ..Kaine is awful, Trump and Pence are the ticket..no more lies, we are ready to see America Great Again!  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) October 5, 2016""@AnyoneTennis: @timkaine Cannot believe how often the moderator interrupts #Pence vs the other guy so obvious @FoxNews"" So true!  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) October 5, 2016Then before the debate was even over:Mike Pence won big. We should all be proud of Mike!  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) October 5, 2016Let s put it this way, Trump still probably thinks he won his debate with Hillary as well. And while Pence did as good of a job as he could, staying calm, etc. while Kaine was feistier, he still couldn t defend Trump s blatant misogyny and racism. Hell, Pence himself is a misogynist, against the LGBT community, and fiercely anti-worker and anti-immigrant.All in all, this tweetstorm during the VP debate shows us, yet again, how ill-suited Trump is for the office of the presidency and simply isn t fit to lead.Featured Photo by Joe Raedle/Getty Images, Twitter",0
4361, GOP Hilariously Tries Seeing The Future By Declaring Pence Winner Of VP Debate Before It Starts,"Nobody can accuse the GOP of having it all together, but they are pretty good at having their press releases done ahead of time. Unfortunately for them, tonight s announcement was about the Vice Presidential debate, declaring Mike Pence the winner, well before the debate even started.Check it out below   it s really amazing that they can see into the future:This is at least one  Dewey Defeats Truman  moment for the GOP. Back in 1948, the Chicago Tribune jumped the gun of the presidential election for that year and published that headline. Anybody who knows anything at all about American history should know we never had a President Dewey   and the Tribune has yet to live that gaffe down.The GOP, though, won t deal in facts tonight. They ll declare Pence the winner even if he literally never says a single word. Notice what they highlighted: The economy and Hillary s emails. Tonight s debate started with presidential leadership, and what the VP must do with zero prep should the president become incapacitated.Pence did do every single thing he could to blame Hillary Clinton for weak foreign policy, including lying through his teeth about why we pulled our troops out of Iraq (he repeated the GOP line that Hillary chose to pull our troops out and ignored the fact that it was not our choice   it was Iraq s choice). However, he s probably gotten some training from Trump s people, who try and turn even the most unrelated, irrelevant subjects into something about Hillary.Vox decided to be charitable with their evaluation of the GOP s premature ejaculation press release, saying it could be placeholder text on their site. But considering that they also said the  other clear winner  was Donald Trump, it s really, really hard to see this as anything other than what it is   the GOP trying to control the narrative before anything even began.Featured image by Win McNamee/Getty Images",0
4362, Trump LIVID After Legit National Poll Gives Him A Reality Check (IMAGES),"Just judging from Donald Trump s disastrous performance at the first presidential debate last week, it was clear that Democratic candidate Hillary Clinton came out the winner. Trump couldn t give solid answers for any of the questions moderator Lester Holt asked, fact-checkers called him out for lying constantly, and his weaknesses on policy were exposed for all to see. Still, Trump insisted for days that he d won the debate and that he was rising in the polls, all while citing inaccurate or bogus statistics.A new national poll has come out to set the record straight. According to the latest NBC News|SurveyMonkey Weekly Election Tracking Poll, Clinton is ahead of Trump, 46% to 40%   and unlike any of Trump s polls, it s actually legit. Here s how the election is panning out so far:Now, Trump is probably going to claim that this poll (AND this election, AND the upcoming debate) is  rigged    because he always comes up with an excuse for why he sucks. But the truth is, Trump only has himself to blame.This poll also discovered that one of the main reasons Trump is failing so hard is because he s destroyed his chances of appealing to women. Last election, women accounted for 53% of voters   and you can bet that more women than ever will come out to vote in November to prevent the most misogynistic presidential candidate from getting into the White House. Thanks to Trump s sexist, degrading and objectifying attacks and comments, Trump has pretty much excluded women from his fan base. Even GOP women hate him!This was especially true for women who were not married. Trump s standing with minorities is even more horrendous. He has never even been able to leave the single digits when it comes to African American voters!Good job, Trump! You re in the home stretch of the election, and you re destroying your campaign by the day. SAD!Featured image via Ralph Freso / Getty Images ",0
4363, Mike Pence VICIOUSLY Refused To Pardon Black Man Wrongfully Imprisoned For 10 Years,"Republicans are so scared and desperate about the Pence-Kaine debate that they ve resorted to distorting Tim Kaine s record as a defense attorney   in which, yes, he had to defend murderers. But anyone who took a civics course (or has half a brain cell) knows that everyone, even accused murderers, are entitled to representation in a court of law.It s 2016, why is that still being debated?Seeing as though there s nothing shocking about that drummed up  scandal,  a real scandal lies on the horizon, and it has to do not with Tim Kaine, but Mike Pence.After serving 10 years of a 40 year sentence, Keith Cooper   who was accused of shooting Michael Kershner and his mother, Nona Canell   was found to be innocent after the victims admitted they were wrong, DNA evidence proved he was not at the scene, and a jail informant admitted to lying.After filing a pardon request, in which the board unanimously voted that Pence should indeed pardon Mr. Cooper, Pence balked. Why? [O]ut of respect for the judicial process,  Pence claimed, saying that Cooper s paperwork wasn t  in order  after a two year delay by the state. Pence s office admitted they haven t given th case much thought, but somehow thought it appropriate to slam Cooper s lawyer, saying they need to  do a better job. Cooper s attorney, Elliot Solsar, then claimed Pence bucked the case because he s running for president, and is instead trying to pass it off to his successor (if he wins in November):We are really disappointed in Governor Pence s failure to provide justice to an innocent man. It s clear that he has punted the petition to the next Governor because it s election season.Is that what Trump, Pence s running mate, means when he says they are the  law and order candidates? I wonder if the circumstances would be different if Cooper were white, instead of a black man. Black people, after all, are wrongfully convicted at higher rates than white people:The National Registry currently cites a total of 1,417 exonerations   the majority of which are attributed to Black defendants.By the Registry s own statistics broken down by race and crime, total exonerations for  all crimes  numbered 164 for Hispanic persons, 556 for Caucasian persons, and 662 for Black persons. The largest gap is associated with sexual assault (a difference of 78 exonerations), with the second largest belonging to homicide (a difference of 59 exonerations).Not only are black people more likely to be victims of wrongful conviction, they also wait longer to exonerating than others.In 2014, Pamela Perez, professor of biostatistics at Loma Linda University, told the Huffington Post:Blacks who are exonerated after a bogus conviction have served 12.68 years on average before the good news. It takes just 9.4 years for whites and 7.87 for Latinos.Racist governors like Mike Pence, while being stubborn and cruel, continue this system that has shown to be immoral, unfair, and unethical towards black Americans in modern society.Tim Kaine would be wise to bring this major issue up at the first debate.Featured image via Justin Sullivan/Getty Images",0
4364, Conservative Writer Calls Black Voters Hillary’s ‘Loyal Slaves’ For Not Blindly Supporting Donald Trump,"When conservatives refer to black people as  slaves  it totally undermines what little effort they put into trying to get their votes.But a conservative writer did exactly that in a racist article published by Mediaite on Tuesday in an attack on Lebron James and Mary J. Blige for endorsing Hillary Clinton.In the opinion piece titled  LeBron James, Mary J. Blige Tell Blacks to Remain Slaves to Hillary; Vote Their Color Not Their Conscience,  author Crystal Wright referenced slavery and compared blacks to livestock right out of the gate in support of Donald Trump. Slavery ended in 1865,  Wright began.  Yet blacks still act like the political chattel of the Democrat [sic] Party. Each election cycle blacks allow the Democrat Party and its proxies to tell them how to vote, and they follow orders like loyal slaves. The 2016 election is turning out to be no different. Wright then goes on to whine about Lebron James s recent endorsement of Hillary Clinton. When I look at this year s presidential race, it s clear which candidate believes the same thing,  James said.  Only one person running truly understands the struggles of an Akron child born into poverty. And when I think about the kinds of policies and ideas the kids in my foundation need from our government, the choice is clear. That choice is Hillary Clinton. How does Hillary understand the struggle of a black kid born into poverty, as James wrote, when she s spent her entire 30-year career as a politician doing nothing to fix the problem?  Wright responded.Let s start by pointing out that Hillary Clinton has been a lifelong advocate for ending poverty, something the Clinton Administration actually made significant progress in achieving during the 1990s.In 1990, 29 percent of black families lived in poverty. But during the Clinton years when the economy boomed, that percentage was cut to only 19 percent, which is the lowest it has been in the last 50 years.Similarly, poverty stricken black families headed by single women also dropped to all-time lows during the Clinton years, from 48 percent in 1990 to 34 percent in 2000.By the time the Clintons left the White House, more African-American had been lifted out of poverty than during any other presidency, but those gains were soon reversed after Republicans took over in January 2001.In short, why should black voters risk things getting even worse under Trump when they can put a woman in the White House who was there when things were getting better?But Wright wasn t done insulting black voters. Of course, we know LeBron s op-ed is directed only to blacks,  she continued.  Because white people don t look to professional athletes for voting instructions. White Americans are not a monolithic voting group, which is why their vote influences policy. LeBron James did not instruct black people to vote for Clinton. He asked them along with everyone else. That s because James has white fans, Hispanic fans, and female fans, too. Just because he is black doesn t mean he only has black fans. Assuming otherwise is blatantly racist. Also, assuming that white people are not influenced by athletes is just ridiculous.Wright then concludes by telling black people to vote for Trump.As for Hillary, she is no more viable a candidate for blacks than she is for women. The only life that matters to Hillary is her own, and a career-long obsession with winning the office she s coveted for a lifetime.Yet celebrities like LeBron James want blacks to feel good voting for their color over their conscience. What do blacks have to lose voting for Trump? Absolutely nothing.Actually, black people have everything to lose if Trump wins.When the conservative-controlled Supreme Court struck down a key portion of the Voting Rights Act, it was a signal that Republicans intend to tear down landmark legislation that protects the constitutional rights of African-Americans. Republicans, including Trump, have also called for repealing the 14th Amendment, which overturned the Dred Scott ruling that Americans descended from African slaves can t be United States citizens.Furthermore, Republicans have enacted voter suppression laws in several states, which primarily targets black people.Also, Trump s track record with black people is pretty shitty. For one, he s only just now beginning to reach out to them, but that s only because his poll numbers suck and he is desperate. But he called for the death penalty for the Central Park Five, who spent years in prison for a rape they did not commit. And Trump was sued in the 1970s for refusing to rent to black people. Plus, unlike the Clintons, Trump has no record to offer as reasons why black people should vote for him. Hillary Clinton does.Clinton is still a champion for reducing poverty and caring for children and families. And her husband s economic policies helped lift millions of blacks out of poverty. Wright talks about black voters as if they are mindless drones on some kind of modern plantation. But the fact is that Democrats have fought for equality and civil rights for decades while Republicans have done nothing but stand in the way or try to roll back the progress made. While Democrats have worked hard to earn the support of black voters, Republicans turned their backs on them a long time ago and have done nothing over the last century to earn back their support. Donald Trump will not change that, especially when his biggest supporters are white supremacists.Calling black people slaves just because they support a certain party is reprehensible and it s a reason why black voters reject conservatives. But you can be certain that Trump s KKK buddies are absolutely thrilled about Wright s words. After all, they really do want black people to be slaves.Featured Image: Joe Raedle/Getty Images",0
4365, DESPERATE Senate Republicans Just Dropped Pro-Hillary Bombshell Onto Trump’s Head,"No matter how much they don t want to admit it to be true, many Republicans, especially in Congress, know Hillary Clinton is the better choice for president despite what they may say publicly.Oh sure, they ll fall in line behind Donald Trump for the sake of the party, but do they really believe the reality television host and floundering businessman will make a good Commander-in-Chief?Proving this point, several GOP Senators are even admitting that they know Hillary will be good to work with.Senator Johnny Isakson (R-GA) told the Atlanta Journal Constitution that he s worked with Hillary in the past and sees a similar future: The one thing you have to remember is that for five years she was Secretary of State while we were in the Senate. We had to work together an awful lot while members of the Foreign Relations Committee and also as members of the Senate Armed Services Committee. Adding that it will be much different than when President Obama took office: Barack Obama was somewhat of an unknown   he was a senator, but only for a year-and-a-half before he was elected president. She is a known commodity, and I think there ll be more camaraderie in terms of working together, than there might have been in the early days of Obama. As we can all probably recall, there was little to no respect for President Obama from the Republican side of the aisle in both the House and the Senate. In fact, it seemed their number one priority was to block any and everything he tried to get accomplished.Senator John Cornyn (R-TX) said of a Hillary Clinton presidency: We ll do our duty, you know regardless of who is president. The people we serve want us to to work together for their benefit so that s certainly my posture. Even Senator Lindsey Graham (R-SC) admitted that he s worked with Hillary in the past and that she d be a  willing partner  on things such as immigration reform and federal spending.Now, of course, most Republicans will still tell you that Donald Trump will win, but they are clearly, and rightfully, preparing for a Hillary Clinton presidency. Because let s be real, that s not only the most likely case scenario but also what will be best for the nation overall.Featured Photo by Drew Angerer/Getty Images",0
4366, Hillary’s Worst Enemy Just Endorsed Her Because Trump Is THAT Bad,"In a surprising twist, former Homeland Security Secretary Michael Chertoff announced that he will be throwing his support behind Hillary Clinton rather than Donald Trump.Chertoff s endorsement isn t shocking just because of his work with President George W. Bush s administration or because he is a prominent Republican. Indeed, in this respect, he simply joins an ever-growing list of influential conservatives and ex-Bush officials who have decided that they simply cannot support the GOP s orange-hued nominee.Chertoff s support comes as such a surprise because he was one of the prosecutors during the congressional investigation into the Whitewater controversy, which involved the Clintons and their real estate investments.Chertoff, who served as the lead GOP counsel on the Senate Whitewater Committee, told Bloomberg that threats of terrorism override all the  insignificant  issues that were so prominent in the 90s. And with these threats in mind, Hillary Clinton is clearly the better option for the presidency. I realized we spent a huge amount of time in the  90s on issues that were much less important than what was brewing in terms of terrorism. [Clinton] has good judgment and a strategic vision of how to deal with the threats that face us,  he said. People can go back decades and perhaps criticize some of the judgments that were made. That is very, very insignificant compared to the fundamental issue of how to protect the country. The breaking point for Chertoff was last week s presidential debate. Trump s sense of loyalties are misplaced,  he said. Chertoff said he will be backing Clinton and cited various comments Trump has made about foreign policy as his primary reason. Some of our NATO allies sent troops overseas. At the same time, he is defending Russia and trying to dismiss what was widely acknowledged to be Russian intrusions into the databases of our political parties and political figures,  Chertoff explained.According to the long-time Republican, Trump s comments about Russia during the debate were the equivalent of making enemies of your friends and cozying up to your adversaries. Trump s fat-shaming of a former Miss Universe didn t sit well with Chertoff either. This issue came up at the debate about Miss Universe,  he said, referring to Alicia Machado, a Clinton supporter. Not only did he seem at the debate to lose his temper, but to get up at 3:30 a.m. and reach for your smartphone is to me a hysterical reaction,  Chertoff said of Trump s late-night Twitter tantrum.  If you re president, the button you reach for is not the Twitter button; it s the nuclear button. The Whitewater controversy started as an investigation into real estate investments the Clintons had made in Arkansas when Bill was governor of the state. They had invested in the Whitewater Development Corporation and lost money on the venture.Featured image via Justin Sullivan/Getty Images",0
4367, Eric Trump PATHETICALLY Attempts To Defend Daddy’s Latest 3 A.M. Temper Tantrum On Twitter,"Everyone involved with Donald Trump s campaign seems to have one job, and it s the same job: Explaining why whatever completely horrible thing Trump said or did, this time, is really totally okay. Today, it s Eric Trump s turn to justify daddy s latest 3 a.m. temper tantrum on Twitter, in which he told voters to  check out  a former Miss Universe s non-existent  sex tape. Speaking to Fox News on Tuesday, Eric said that at least it proves his father doesn t sleep, even though this can admittedly be a  downfall  sometimes. At least my father s up at 3 o clock in the morning, right? Which, you know, is great. Maybe that energy is sometimes a little bit of a downfall of his, but he s an amazing guy, and he ll be there to answer the call, you know, when things go bad. And, you know, I think people appreciate that. Not everyone sees Trump s lack of sleep as a virtue, though. Some of The Donald s opponents say his late night Twitter rants are proof of just how unfit for office he is. What kind of a man stays up all night to smear a woman with lies and conspiracy theories?  his rival Hillary Clinton asked last week.Vice President Joe Biden took aim at Trump s early morning tweetstorm on Monday during a rally in Orlando, Fl. You don t have to be a psychologist or psychiatrist. But what kind of leader awakens at 3 o clock in the morning and tweets Hillary helped  disgusting Alicia M. become a U.S. citizen so she could use her in a debate ? Or 3:30 in the morning. This guy wants to be president of the United States of America?  Biden said.In Trump s Twitter rant, he claimed that Clinton had been  duped  by Alicia Machado, a former Miss Universe who had been fat-shamed by the GOP nominee and suggested that the Democratic nominee had helped her gain citizenship.Wow, Crooked Hillary was duped and used by my worst Miss U. Hillary floated her as an ""angel"" without checking her past, which is terrible!  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) September 30, 2016Using Alicia M in the debate as a paragon of virtue just shows that Crooked Hillary suffers from BAD JUDGEMENT! Hillary was set up by a con.  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) September 30, 2016Did Crooked Hillary help disgusting (check out sex tape and past) Alicia M become a U.S. citizen so she could use her in the debate?  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) September 30, 2016Trump then tried to defend himself by bragging that at least he was awake at such a ridiculous hour.For those few people knocking me for tweeting at three o'clock in the morning, at least you know I will be there, awake, to answer the call!  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) September 30, 2016Featured image via Joe Raedle/Getty Images",0
4368, REPORT: Trump Illegally Used Charity Money To Jumpstart Presidential Campaign,"A new report from RealClearPolitics is detailing what might be another illegal endeavor of Donald Trump at the behest of his  charitable foundation  (which has already been caught illegally using funds to pay off lawsuits).From 2011 to 2014, leading up to his presidential announcement (and speculation in 2012), the Trump Foundation donated nearly $300,000 to various conservative groups and organizations.IRS laws clearly state that charity executives may not use a foundation  funds to finance personal endeavors that benefit said executives.In 2011, Trump met with South Carolina conservative activist Oran Smith with the intent for, as Smith puts it,  laying the foundation for a   campaign.  After the meeting between the two, Trump, using foundation money, donated $10,000 to Smith s organization, the Palmetto Family Council.According to RealClearPolitics:In many cases, this flow of money corresponded to prime speaking slots or endorsements that aided Trump as he sought to recast himself as a plausible Republican candidate for president. Although sources familiar with the thinking behind the donations cautioned that Trump did not explicitly ask for favors in return for the money, they said the contributions were part of a deliberate effort by Trump to ingratiate himself with influential conservatives and brighten his political prospects.Talk about real pay-for-play.Using Foundation money to monetarily influence, even slightly, those who could (and would) catapult his political career (a personal endeavor) is still illegal under IRS laws   no matter how many technicalities Trump and his lawyers want to argue.In almost all instances, these conservative organizations, with considerable political influence, invited the billionaire mogul and provided endorsements after he donated thousands of dollars to their cause.Another high profile donation was made to The Family Leader organization, a socially conservative think tank that featured Trump as a keynote speaker at one of their most prestigious events in 2013. Trump was featured as the keynote speaker after giving $10,000 like he did with the Palmetto Family Council. RealClearPolitics points out that Trump may have broken IRS rules by giving directly to the organization and not its affiliated nonprofit branch, thus pitting Trump in a  double whammy  on unethical, illegal political meanderings.After Trump donated $100,000 to Citizens United, a Koch-backed political entity:In April 2014, when Citizens United hosted a  cattle call  of would-be Republican candidates for president in New Hampshire, Trump was there. In January 2015, at Citizens United s Freedom Summit in Iowa, Trump was again on the program.This won t bode well, especially for a guy who s  under audit  from the IRS. We now know why, apparently.While Republicans try to find something, anything, to pit Clinton against her foundation, the GOP is ignoring the obvious abuses of Trump and his. This double standard from the right should not surprise anyone   their candidate is failing and they need to divert any negative attention away from him. This is the party of  Christian values  at work.Featured image via Spencer Platt/Getty Images",0
4369, Republican Kelly Ayotte Gets BRUTALLY Trolled For Calling Trump A Role Model For Kids,"During a debate in New Hampshire, Republican Senator Kelly Ayotte was asked if she would tell her kids to be like Donald Trump, who is a sexist bigot who says and does outrageous things every day: I think that certainly there are many role models that we have and I believe he can serve as president, and so absolutely I would do that,  she responded.Well, that didn t make New Hampshire voters very happy at all.So, Ayotte, who is in a tight race against Democratic opponent Governor Maggie Hassan, was forced to back away from the remark entirely, apparently hoping voters are stupid enough to believe that she misspoke. I misspoke tonight,  Ayotte wrote on Twitter.  While I would hope all of our children would aspire to be president, neither Donald Trump nor Hillary Clinton have set a good example and I wouldn t hold up either of them as role models for my kids. My statement on tonight s debate: pic.twitter.com/BxNE0NQn6m  Kelly Ayotte (@KellyAyotte) October 4, 2016Notice how she made sure to include Hillary Clinton in there even though the main question and her original answer was all about Trump.But voters refused to let her pull the wool over their eyes and they promptly gave her hell for it.@KellyAyotte @KatCapps nope. Can t be unheard  Dave Allen (@DaveAtBEATS) October 4, 2016@KellyAyotte Tomorrow morning I will use YOU as a role model to my girls of how NOT to be. Soulless, spineless, and thoughtless.  Owen Burke (@owenburke) October 4, 2016.@KellyAyotte so how s #nhsen going? pic.twitter.com/Rv1vclf6Ib  Michael Beyer (@michbeyer) October 4, 2016.@KellyAyotte Nope. You went on TV and said Trump was  absolutely  a role model. You get to live with that now. #nhsen #nhpolitics  Melissa Miller (@Meliss1001) October 4, 2016@KellyAyotte Somebody knows they re in trouble  Edmond Guidry (@edmondguidry) October 4, 2016.@KellyAyotte misspoke? NH voters are smarter than that  Nicholas W. Goss (@NickGossNESN) October 4, 2016@KellyAyotte Tough year to be a Republican and try to tow the party line without embarrassing yourself.  ?Robot Taylor? (@robotterror) October 4, 2016@KellyAyotte nah we heard you loud and clear  Boke18 (@Boke18) October 4, 2016@KellyAyotte pic.twitter.com/A0BUal1Uj8  Blake (@blakeaparker) October 4, 2016.@KellyAyotte pic.twitter.com/CHl2nEaZIi  Adam the K (@adam_the_k) October 4, 2016@KellyAyotte Amazing, the dance you have to do to support Trump and still try to resemble a human being with basic decency  michael f (@bunkosquad) October 4, 2016@KellyAyotte How do you explain to your kids how you ve come to support a racist, misogynist, neo-fascist casino magnate who pays no taxes?  Mark Childress (@markchildress) October 4, 2016@KellyAyotte Ha ha. Nice backtracking after realizing you ve become the laughing stock of the country.  John P Vogt (@jpvogt) October 4, 2016@KellyAyotte pic.twitter.com/YKLOBPee6K  ND (@ndechenne) October 4, 2016Clearly, Kelly Ayotte is in serious trouble with only a month to go before Election Day and now that she has had to face this question, it should be posed to other Republicans across the country to see what they really think of Donald Trump and we can all grab our popcorn and enjoy the implosion.Featured image via Flickr",0
4370, Biden DESTROYS Trump After He Insults Veterans (VIDEO),"Donald Trump is on the receiving end of a gigantic tongue-lashing from Vide President Joe Biden after Trump made yet another set of offensive comments about American combat veterans.Speaking in front of veterans at an event organized by a right-wing PAC, Trump said veterans with post-traumatic stress disorder were perhaps weak.Trump Monday tried to praise his veteran-heavy audience as  strong  because they didn t have PTSD while he talked up getting more help to veterans. When people come back from war and combat and they see maybe what the people in this room have seen many times over, and you re strong and you can handle it, but a lot of people can t handle it,  Trump told the Retired American Warriors PAC in Virginia.Almost right away, Trump received strong condemnation for his remarks, the latest major mistake from a presidential campaign that has been one screw-up after another.But the harshest words on Monday came from Biden, who was speaking at a rally in support of Hillary Clinton in Orlando.[ad3media campaign= 1030 ] Where in the hell is he from?  Biden, who has been  in and out  of Afghanistan and Iran dozens of times, told the audience.Biden added that this country has only one  sacred obligation : to  care for those we send to war and to care for them and their family when they come home. What are the chances Trump honors commitment to those who are wounded?  Biden said, at one point near shouting into the microphone.  It s not just that he doesn t get it. He doesn t want to find out. The Vice President also spoke about the military service of his late son, Beau, who was an officer in the Army s Judge Advocate General Corps. Beau s unit was deployed to service in Iraq in 2008, while his father was first campaigning with Obama as his running mate.Featured image via screen capture",0
4371, Ivanka Just Fell Flat On Her Face Trying To Convince Women Fall In Line Behind Her Dad (VIDEO),"Ivanka Trump has been sort of the female face of her father s campaign, but despite being a woman, she really doesn t get it. That s quite evident in her new video touting her father s childcare plan, which she kicks off with following gender stereotyping words: The most important job any woman can have is being a mother. That is the height of irony, considering the fact that this video is directed towards working mothers. Working mothers value their jobs and their children, and many resent being shunted into sexist gender roles like this. Such a dismissive attitude toward women, both mothers and non-mothers, will do nothing to warm them up to Trump at all.But wait! There s more. Ivanka goes on to say: Donald Trump understands the needs of the modern workforce. Har de har har. Don t make us laugh too hard, it hurts. Ivanka s father once said that pregnancy is an inconvenience for business, and told a woman she was disgusting for needing to pump her breasts. He s a serial cheater, a serial sexual harasser, and a serial body-shamer.The AP published a story earlier today that exposes Trump s harassment of women on the set of  The Apprentice.  According to that story, he rated women contestants on the size of their breasts, and openly talked about which ones he d like to sleep with. He also wanted them to bare more cleavage and wear shorter skirts, and asked one woman to twirl for him so he could ogle her figure.As a woman who, at a previous job, was repeatedly asked to twirl around so a manager could ogle my figure before he d even answer a question I had, these revelations make me positively ill.Trump even compared a camerawoman s looks to the beauty of Ivanka on the set of  The Apprentice. Ivanka hasn t had a very good role model for a father, let alone for anything to do with feminism and women s rights. Trump always saw his parental duties as limited to providing funds for his children. He never actually parented, and he s said both of the following to boot: I mean, I won t do anything to take care of them. I ll supply funds and she ll take care of the kids. It s not like I m gonna be walking the kids down Central Park. Marla used to say,  I can t believe you re not walking Tiffany down the street,  you know in a carriage. Right, I m gonna be walking down Fifth Avenue with a baby in a carriage. It just didn t work. And: There s a lot of women out there that demand that the husband act like the wife and you know there s a lot of husbands that listen to that  I m really like a great father but certain things you do and certain things you don t. It s just not for me. This is understanding the needs of working mothers, women, and the modern workforce? Not hardly.Ivanka is in awe of her father, it seems, and carries a ton of internalized misogyny because of him and because of society. She s ill-equipped to reach out to women on this level on behalf of her father, because that takes a lot more than simply being a female face.Watch the entire ad below:Featured image via screen capture from embedded video",0
4372," Obama Girls Are Going To Be Bridesmaids, So Conservatives Called Them ‘N*****s’ (SCREENSHOTS)","Good news, everyone! Michelle Obama s former assistant, Kristen Jarvis, is getting married to one of the President s former Secret Service agents. While the President himself will not be attending, Michelle Obama is expected to make an appearance   and Malia and Sasha Obama are even going to be bridesmaids! It s sure to be a beautiful wedding and everyone involved is sure to have fun   but of course conservatives have to sh*t all over everything beautiful.When TMZ reported the story, some of Trump s  deplorables  jumped right out of their basket to let the world know why Hillary Clinton was justified in calling them that to begin with.This fine person really wants the White House to be white again. Welfare Mammy    probably not a real name   thinks the Obama family are a  bunch of n-words. President Trump  (we re trying to figure out which candidate he supports) is just an outright racist. Max  agrees with Mr. President s primate theory. Freedom  is very passionate about this issue, even postulating that the Obamas are  all f*cking each other.   The rest are just deplorable.    The Right jumps on the Obama girls every chance they get   including when Malia graduated high school and again when she was accepted to Harvard, and when the girls hang out with their friends  they even wished rape on Sasha Obama when she turned 15 years old.All of these people will be voting in November. Make sure you are out there doing the same. The last thing we need is 4-8 years of normalizing this behavior.Featured image via Pinterest/screengrab",0
4373, WATCH: Video Shows Cops TRYING To Run Over Black Man With Cruiser,"In something you might expect from a video game instead of real life, police in Sacramento, California are under fire on Monday after a dash cam video was released that showed police trying to run down a black man who reportedly had only a knife. They missed, but they did manage to shoot 50-year-old Joseph Mann 14 times. Now, the community is calling for the police involved to be charged with murder.The incident happened on July 11th. As those on the right will happily point out, the police were called to an apartment complex because Mann was reportedly acting erratically and he had a knife. When police ordered Mann to drop his weapon and get on the ground, Mann instead threw a thermos at the police car.That s when Officers Randy Lozoya and John Tennis came to the scene. They are the officers in the video.In the video, the officers are heard saying,  I m gonna hit him  and  Okay, go for it,  before gunning the engine and aiming for him. Mann was able to evade the police cruiser, but the officers stopped the car, got out and during a foot chase, shot Mann 14 times, killing him.Here it is: Mann was standing stationary on a sidewalk with no one in close proximity when the officers unloaded their guns,  Burris wrote in a letter he said he sent the U.S. Attorney General Loretta Lynch.The family wants murder charges filed.The officers  behaved like big game hunters closing in on an animal,  said John Burris, a lawyer for the family of 50-year-old Joseph Mann.Source: CBS NewsThe Sacramento police are reserving judgement, of course. Spokesman Matthew McPhail didn t say whether cars are permitted as weapons, but he did say,  our officers are encouraged to assess each circumstance and think critically about the tools at their disposal. The two cops have not been fired. They were placed on paid leave for a whole week after the shooting and now they are on desk duty.Again, Mann wasn t an innocent bystander. Methamphetamine was found in his system. The family s lawsuit claims that Mann was  displaying obvious signs of mental distress.  The police followed no protocol for dealing with a mentally distressed person and they made no attempt to deescalate the situation.The bottom line, though, is that the punishment did not fit the crime. If police can t even subdue a man who is armed with only a knife, how are they supposed to deal with a mass shooter or a terrorist? Not all crimes are equal and this certainly wasn t a crime that warranted the death penalty, not that police have that authority anyway.Featured image via video screen capture. ",0
4374," Patton Oswalt OBLITERATES Trump For His Reckless PTSD Comments, And It’s Masterful (TWEET)","Speaking to a bunch of his merry morons on Monday, Donald Trump decided to say that veterans who have post-traumatic stress after war commit suicide because they just can t handle it.Trump, the drafter dodger, decided to say this about folks with PTSD: When you talk about the mental health problems, when people come back from war and combat and they see things that maybe a lot of folks in this room have seen many times over and you re strong and you can handle it but a lot of people can t handle it. They see horror stories, they see events you couldn t see in a movie, nobody would believe it. First of all, if Trump needs to talk about who has a mental health problem, he should just look in the mirror to see a clear narcopath. However, I m sure he s the best narcopath ever.Secondly, he needs to STFU about Veterans and PTSD. Like, right now. To say it s just because they  can t handle it  and that s why they commit suicide or have a lot of struggles isn t just woefully naive, it s absolutely insulting to our men and women who have laid their life on the line for this country.However, not letting Trump get away with being the ass that he is, Patton Oswalt took to Twitter to do what he does best, roast the a**hole.Oswalt tweeted out:Hey @realDonaldTrump: Good luck with your PTSD after Hillary stomps your dick in the dirt on Nov. 8th. #bonespurs #coward #draftdodger  Patton Oswalt (@pattonoswalt) October 3, 2016Really couldn t have said it any better than that. Bravo, Patton. Never stop being you.Featured Photo by Alberto E. Rodriguez/Getty Images for Writers Guild of America, West   Twitter",0
4375, Man Says He ‘Didn’t Mean To Offend Anyone’ With Float Featuring Trump Executing Hillary (IMAGE),"Residents in Aurora, Indiana are upset after seeing a parade float on Saturday which depicted Donald Trump flipping the switch on Hillary Clinton in an electric chair. As if that wasn t bad enough, the float also featured someone in blackface portraying President Obama as an Easter Island figure with an oversized head. The float is plastered with a Trump/Pence sign, a Make America Great Again sign and of course, something with Benghazi written on it and it also mentions Clinton s health.An Aurora mother posted a photo on Facebook of the offensive float. Who thinks this is appropriate for a fair parade where children, some of them minorities and girls, are marching and playing instruments and watching? Who thinks this is something to laugh at or be proud of?  Penny Britton wrote on her Facebook page.  This is disgusting. This makes me embarrassed to say I live here. This is Aurora, Indiana. Congratulations. That prompted different comments ranging from calling it  disgusting  and  racist,  to another saying  Who cares! On Saturday morning, the float was featured as part of the Aurora Farmers Fair Parade.WCPO reports:It s sponsored by the Aurora Lions Club, according to its website, and touted as Indiana s oldest street festival. The theme of the parade was  Celebrating the Past, Embracing the Future. A Lions Club board member spoke with WCPO and said the organization was not prepared to make a statement.The parade manager did not return a call by a WCPO reporter.Meanwhile, Frank Linkmeyer, whose trailer which held the float is now in his driveway, says he didn t mean to offend anyone and he s sorry. He did a really bad job of trying to not be offensive. We re pretty sure Trump supporters will say it s being politically correct to object because children have to witness a display of racism. One man said,  If anyone is offended by it, well don t look at it.  It s pretty hard to change the channel on a parade you re attending. The float was right there in everyone s faces.Images via screen capture. ",0
4376, Sarah Palin Just Tried (And Failed) To Attack Obama And Got Ripped Apart By The Internet (SCREENSHOTS),"When will Sarah Palin learn that the best response when someone says something not-so-nice about her is to shut up?Recently, President Obama pointed out that he sees a  straight line  between the disaster that was the vice presidential nomination of the half-wit, half-term former Governor of Alaska as being the incredibly stupid straw that broke the very unfortunate camel s back when it comes to right-wing politics, the figure who helped give power to the Tea Party, the Freedom Caucus, and other far-right groups whose members very likely know how to put out a meth lab explosion and still make the baby s room look OK by the next day   all without getting soot on their robes and hoods, no less! I see a straight line from the announcement of Sarah Palin as the vice-presidential nominee to what we see today in Donald Trump, the emergence of the Freedom Caucus, the tea party, and the shift in the center of gravity for the Republican Party,  the president told New York Magazine.  Whether that changes, I think, will depend in part on the outcome of this election, but it s also going to depend on the degree of self-reflection inside the Republican Party. There have been at least a couple of other times that I ve said confidently that the fever is going to have to break, but it just seems to get worse. Sarah Palin may not be smart   but even she can see an insult from her back porch. And, of course, Mama Grizzly wasn t about to take that lying down. On Monday, she posted a scathing reply to Obama   one that surely burned his black soul (that s black as in the color, not black in the way she would point it out) to its very core. There s a reason pro-American activists have been living rent free in President Obama s head these past eight years,  Palin wrote, adding the usual rhetoric about the national debt,  destroying our children s future,  etc.  THAT S what should occupy the President s headspace, not some hockey mom from Alaska. She linked to a fluff piece from Independent Journal Review, where the truth goes to die, titled  Obama Mentioned Sarah Palin Twice In 2 Weeks. She Has An Idea On What He Should Focus On Instead. Someone should compare that to how many times she has mentioned Obama in two weeks of her mad, delusional, drunken ravings. Palin, whose son recently had to deal with a little teeny incident in which he hit his girlfriend and made threats with a gun and the undisputed champion of the Great Birthday Party Drunken Brawl of 2014, learned very quickly (oh, let s face it   she probably learned nothing) what happens when you say stupid things about the President on the internet.There's a reason pro-American activists have been living rent free in President Obama's head these past eight  https://t.co/We0lNb2Lqh  Sarah Palin (@SarahPalinUSA) October 3, 2016Twitter responded with an epic barrage of truth and mockery, most centered on her strong and unwavering support for one of the few people in history who actually may be  worse than Hitler. @SarahPalinUSA like Trump has been living tax-free for the last twenty years?  jacqui rodham (@heyjdey) October 3, 2016@SarahPalinUSA @INJO you should thank Obama for mentioning you. you're sinking, thankfully, into obscurity  Clodagh Smith (@Clodagh831) October 3, 2016@SarahPalinUSA Unfunded liabilities? Like all the wars Chimpy McFlightsuit got us in?  taMMay! (@thefiveohtwo) October 3, 2016@SarahPalinUSA pro-American activists? You hate any American that doesn't believe what you do.  Michael Hendricks (@mikeekimcurtis) October 3, 2016@SarahPalinUSA @INJO Shut up and go back to huntin wolves from a helicopter dum dum.  Matt Houser (@realmattyvegas) October 3, 2016@SarahPalinUSA you're a joke. Delete your account  Pastor Bukake (@RevJizzMop) October 3, 2016@SarahPalinUSA @INJO as opposed to your head which is a vacant lot with the occasional tumbleweed passing through  Burly Aces (@burlyaces) October 3, 2016@SarahPalinUSA @INJO Still dumber than a bag of hair  M (@markl5228) October 3, 2016@SarahPalinUSA Does your shitty son charge rent when he beats women?  (((Om Ingram))) (@OmIngram) October 3, 2016@SarahPalinUSA You were relevant for one month, eight years ago.  Chicago Man (@Iwanski) October 3, 2016One thing is for certain: it s hilarious that Obama has stayed largely silent over the years, weathering insult after insult from Palin and the rest of the Stupid Part of America, and when the President finally delivered a well-deserved traditional classy insult buried in an honest statement, she can t handle it at all. Just goes to show what thin-skinned bullies Palin, Trump, and their ilk really are.Featured image via Getty Images(Kris Connor)/screengrab",0
4377, Racist Teacher Fired For DISTURBING Viral Facebook Post About Michelle Obama (IMAGES),"How would you feel if you found out that your child was being educated by an insanely racist person? For many parents with children attending Chestatee Elementary School in Gainesville, Georgia, this became a reality.On Monday, Jane Wood Allen was fired from her job as a teacher after a shockingly racist Facebook post went viral. The post, which targeted First Lady Michelle Obama, was shared thousands of times after Roni Dean-Burren, a Houston Ph.D student, took a screenshot and shared it.The caption on the hideous post, which was accompanied by a link smearing Michelle, said: This poor Gorilla. How is she going to function in the real world, by not having all of her luxurious vacations paid for anymore? She needs to focus on getting a total make-over (especially the hair), instead of planning vacations! She is a disgrace to America! Word of Allen s posts came to the attention of school officials on September 30th, according to school district spokeswoman Jennifer Caracciolo, who said, Racism and discrimination are not tolerated in Forsyth County Schools. And it turns out, the post about Michelle Obama was far from the only bigotry that existed on Allen s page:As Allen s posts spread, the internet erupted in criticism for the racist teacher. A Facebook page was even created in her honor   it is called Chestatee Elementary School Fire Jane Wood Allen, NOW  and it was calling for her removal from the school.Dear @FCSchoolsGA.Fire Jane Allen now. Fire her, issue an apology, and begin implicit bias training for your staff.This is NOT ok. pic.twitter.com/stQtWFOwfb  Shaun King (@ShaunKing) October 2, 2016Seriously, people with these hateful views should not be allowed anywhere near the minds of America s children. Upon firing Allen, Forsyth County Schools released a statement on Facebook that read: Effective Monday, Oct. 3, Jane Wood Allen has been relieved from duty and is no longer an employee of Forsyth County Schools. Racism and discrimination are not tolerated in our school district. We are committed to ongoing staff training on the acceptance of all individuals. As this is a personnel matter, the district will provide no further comment. Featured image via Chip Somodevilla / Getty Images",0
4378," Last Republican Reagan TRASHES GOP, Says Nancy Would Have Voted For Hillary Clinton","When you ve lost the support of the whole Reagan family, you re pretty much done for. While Republicans all across the country compete to see who can be the most like Ronald Reagan (hint   none of them can), the former president s family (including his neoconservative son) have been vehemently distancing themselves from the GOP and its presidential nominee Donald J. Trump.After a Trump supporter told Michael Reagan he wished the Gipper were still alive to see Trump ascend to the presidency, Reagan shot back with an unexpected (and surprising) revelation:My father would not support this kind of campaign,if this is what the Republican Party wants leave us Reagans out.Nancy would vote for HRC https://t.co/jkjKBvlwHa  Michael Reagan (@ReaganWorld) October 3, 2016Reagan has taken to Twitter in the last several days to utterly denounce Trump and apparently the entire GOP, hitting Reince Priebus for being a spineless hack who only cares about his career instead of the future of his party and country:If the RNC supports this I cant suppoet the RNC.Trump on Clinton:  I don t even think she s loyal to Bill  https://t.co/zTBMcB3wUi  Michael Reagan (@ReaganWorld) October 3, 2016It appears that that the only remaining Republican in the Reagan family may be on the verge of leaving the party for good. And it s all thanks to Donald Trump. Reagan told another twitter follower that Nancy was personally appalled whenever Trump (or anyone like him) dared to compare themselves to Ronald.Considering how much influence Nancy had over her husband, is it a stretch to say she very well could have convinced him to vote for Hillary Clinton (if he and she were still alive)? Most likely, yes.Imagine that: all the remaining Reagan family members becoming Democrat because their party traded its values in order to support a racist, xenophobic, sexist, corrupt billionaire that no one likes.When you ve completely lost the Reagan family, you may want to rethink your priorities.Thank you, Michael Reagan, for finally seeing the light and standing against a party that has decided to embrace the most deplorable elements if society instead of building on what you dad envisioned (even though that wasn t really good either).Featured image via Ethan Miller/Getty Images",0
4379, Trump BASHES Soldiers With PTSD And Enrages The Entire Internet (VIDEO),"Donald Trump isn t subtle. He totally clueless and unaware of the world around him. He certainly isn t sensitive and he s definitely tone-deaf about pretty much everything. Take today, when he was speaking to a group of retired veterans, many of whom suffer from PTSD, at a town hall. While talking to them about veterans  care, the terrible suicide rate among vets, and inferior mental health care within the VA system, the clueless, draft-dodging egomaniac actually insulted everyone who s ever seen combat. When you talk about the mental health problems, when people come back from war and combat and they see things that maybe what a lot of the folks in this room have seen many times over, and you re strong and you can handle it, but a lot of people can t handle it. And they see horror stories, and they see events you couldn t see in a movie   nobody would believe it. That s rich coming from someone with five draft deferments. He s got no idea at all and he doesn t want to learn. He d rather tell soldiers what he thinks PTSD is and leave it at that. So soldiers who succumb to PTSD are  weak. On the internet, people are livid and rightfully so. They ve been quick to hit back at Trump for that on Twitter because he really just hurt all the vets suffering from that awful condition, due entirely to being sent off to fight wars Trump can t even imagine, but would like to fight more of.PTSD does not mean weakness!  Donald Trump s gaffe on veterans and PTSD shows just what an amateur he still is  https://t.co/K7P5WDB2CL  WendyChristensenPhD (@wendyphd) October 3, 2016Not voting for the piece of shit trump after his comments on veterans and ptsd. SAD. Somebody kill him already  Hallie D Ann (@hallberriiii) October 3, 2016Donald Trump has no idea what a veteran is. ~Spyrokid https://t.co/SPvA0Gd7uz  Share World News (@worldnewsshare) October 3, 2016Whether a gaffe or not, Donald Trumps arrogance on military service is appalling https://t.co/vVc2kGHsKm  Anthony Dale (@Anthony_L_Dale) October 3, 2016Trump suggests vets with PTSD aren t  strong  https://t.co/MNnBPFy7ov THIS DRAFT DODGING THUG TRUMP CONTINUES 2 INSULT VETERANS WHO SERVED  Bernard Radcliff (@BernardRadcliff) October 3, 2016The crux about trump s comment on ptsd is that he implied veteran s who can handle ptsd are some how better than veterans who can t.  Luis (@FuManLu113) October 3, 2016Some of the strongest people you will ever meet are #veterans facing #PTSD head on. #RoadtoHope @MichaelBerrySho pic.twitter.com/kZFicWFNcV  PTSD Foundation (@ptsdusa) October 3, 2016#Trump is a man who s not only ignorant and unprepared to hold the office, but he also lacks compassion and humanity https://t.co/noknTR8XDx  KarinaBarrigaAlbring (@kbarrigaalbring) October 3, 2016Cowardly Draft-Dodger Donald Trump again insults military and veterans. #PTSD #CowardTrump  Nager Retep (@NagerRetep) October 3, 2016This is just a sprinkling. Search Twitter for the term,  Trump veterans,  and you ll find a lot more vitriol hurled in his general direction.Trump got half-hearted applause for this from the room. Watch him insult our military below, beginning at the 48:59 mark:Featured image via screen capture from embedded video",0
4380, BUSTED: Donald Trump Screwed Over American Steel Workers By Buying Metal From China Instead,"Donald Trump claims he will  make America great again,  but what he really means is he will continue helping China destroy America.In yet another example of how Trump has screwed over American workers in order to enrich himself and his own family, Newsweek has revealed that the Republican nominee purchased steel and other metals from China to use in the construction of his buildings instead of buying it from American companies. A Newsweek investigation has found that in at least two of Trump s last three construction projects, Trump opted to purchase his steel and aluminum from Chinese manufacturers rather than United States corporations based in states like Pennsylvania, Ohio, Michigan and Wisconsin,  Kurt Eichenwald wrote.Eichenwald painstakingly discovered that Trump built his Trump International Hotel Las Vegas by ditching American steel companies in favor of cheaper steel produced by Chinese companies who pay their workers less. The Chinese entity chosen by Trump to provide steel for the Las Vegas property is a holding company called Ossen Innovation Co. Ltd. formerly known as Ultra Glory International Ltd,  Newsweek found under  layers upon layers of corporate shells and divisions  that ultimately led to Ossen (Jiujiang) Steel Wire & Cable Co. Ltd., which operates in Shanghai. Trump was apparently trying to hide where he purchased the steel by using this strategy.For his Trump International Hotel and Tower in Chicago, the Republican nominee acquired the vast amounts of aluminum material used from Chinese companies as well, which deprived American smelters of money that could have prevented producers in Ohio, West Virginia and Texas from closing their doors and putting Americans out of work. Newsweek estimates that  American companies lost out on more than $350 million in sales. Again, Trump tried to bury where he purchased the aluminum, but some digging revealed that the chain leads to Permasteelisa South China Factory and Permasteelisa Hong Kong Limited.Trump s actions put Americans out of work and helped foreign companies in China eliminate their American competitors. As Eichenwald explained, The losers are the American competitors like aluminum producers who cannot possibly compete with foreign companies that are willing to take losses on the sales of their building materials in hopes of driving companies in the United States out of business. And they succeeded in driving American companies out of business because greedy businessmen like Donald Trump care more about profit than they do about the American workers they hurt.Instead, Chinese companies reap the benefits. The Chinese economy is surpassing our own as the largest in the world. And Donald Trump is helping them do it without any remorse whatsoever.Eventually, as American companies are continually forced to shut down because they can t compete, these Chinese companies will likely raise their prices through the roof and create a shortage of steel here in the United States that will hurt construction companies and many others connected to them, resulting in more Americans losing their jobs. It s a vicious cycle that Donald Trump has helped perpetuate for years in the name of profit.But for some reason many conservatives still actually believe Donald Trump is going to somehow bring jobs back to America and make our economy stronger than ever, even though he is a huge part of the problem in the first place. In the end, China is not to blame for our weaker economy and jobs being outsourced to other countries. That s being made in America by selfish wealthy pricks like Donald Trump.Featured image via Wikimedia",0
4381, Watch John Oliver BRUTALLY Shame Trump Over His Pathetic Pretend Online Poll ‘Wins’ (VIDEO),"Since Donald Trump has to rely on make-believe to think he s actually winning in this presidential election, after the first debate he relied upon random internet polls to say that he won. Newsflash   he really, really didn t.However, that didn t stop Trump from trying to pretend that he won, so not letting him get away with it was none other that John Oliver on HBO s Last Week Tonight.Oliver went through point by point explaining that random online polls are not representative of actual polling, but rather just the opinions of whoever or whatever decided to take the poll. He then used the hilarious example of how an online poll even ended up naming a boat the ever clever name of  Boaty McBoatface. Oliver also slammed Fox News  Sean Hannity for humoring Trump and also declaring him the winner of the debate with the use of the same random internet polls. Also bringing up the fact that Fox News itself had to issue a memo that those polls aren t scientific and are not to be used as fact, stating they  do not meet our editorial standards. Who knew Fox News had standards, and how badly do you have to f*ck up to get called out for not following them?All in all, it s quite nice to see these blowhards get called out for being, well, blowhards.Watch the clip here: Featured image via video screen capture   HT HBO",0
4382," The NRA Just Mocked Kim Kardashian After She Was Robbed At Gunpoint, And It’s HORRIFYING (TWEETS)","Kim Kardashian West just went through a hellish nightmare while in Paris, France as she visited for fashion week. She was allegedly tied up and held at gunpoint while being robbed of not only her cell phones and purse but also millions of dollars worth of jewelry. The robbers disguised themselves as police officers, so one can only imagine she was completely taken off guard.Taking no time at all to mock Kardashian after everything she s gone through was none other than the National Rifle Association (NRA). They took to Twitter and decided to go on a rampage of their own to try to make what one can only assume is some form of point.They tweeted:Wait, criminals held @KimKardashian at gunpoint in Paris? How is that possible? Does anyone know if they passed a background check first?  NRA (@NRA) October 3, 2016It's shocking that these criminals did not subject themselves to Paris' strict #guncontrol laws before committing this awful crime.  NRA (@NRA) October 3, 2016Stronger gun laws  like the ones they have in Paris? #askingforafriend https://t.co/xHUhViDtpN  NRA (@NRA) October 3, 2016Kardashian herself is a strong proponent of common sense gun reform and has been very vocal in her advocacy for new laws. Having lunch with the families of loved ones who were killed by gun violence. I learned a lot from listening to their stories. Life is so precious! What will it take for this to stop? #NotOneMore #Everytown #MomsDemandA photo posted by Kim Kardashian West (@kimkardashian) on Aug 5, 2016 at 5:20pm PDTWas this why the NRA decided to make her a target of mockery? Who knows? Probably. They love to pretend they can point out irony, but in reality, they are just proving themselves to be the insensitive jerks that they ve grown to be over the years.Gun laws will never stop all criminals. However, common sense gun reform here in the United States and everywhere will most definitely save lives.Who s to say how these robbers gained access to the guns they had or to Kardashian herself? The important thing is that she s alive and no matter how much was stolen, nothing is more valuable than life.Featured Photo by Andreas Rentz/Getty Images, Twitter",0
4383, Keith Olbermann: Donald Trump Wants To Protect The Right To Poison Dogs (VIDEO),"Four years ago, many complained about the fact that Mitt Romney once took a vacation with his dog strapped to the top of his car. That might not have been the ultimate demise of the Romney campaign, but for people who love animals, it demonstrated a cruel streak that many said made him unfit to be president.Donald Trump doesn t have a dog story quite like that, mainly because there s no record he s ever had a dog, or for that matter, any pet. While that isn t in and of itself that unusual, Trump has repeatedly shown that he too has a cruel streak when it comes to animals, and in particular, dogs.Keith Olbermann hilariously demonstrated that in a video,  Why is Donald Trump Such a Weirdo About Dogs? In the video, Olbermann shows several tweets and comments from Trump about people being  fired like a dog,  or  kicked out of the ABC news debate  like a dog,'  or  begging for money  like a dog.'  Mitt Romney  choked like a dog,  according to Trump. Clearly, dogs don t get fired from jobs. They don t beg for money (although it s not above them to beg for treats).For Olbermann, the most ridiculous  like a dog  comment to come from Trump was when he accused Marco Rubio of  sweating like a dog.  Anyone who knows anything at all about dogs, knows that dogs don t sweat. They do pant, though, and that can make them very thirsty, so I suppose there is a Rubio comparison to dogs, just not that one. People who don t have dogs still know about dogs,  Olbermann said.  What the hell? Is he from Mars? The far, far bigger issue, though, has nothing to do with tweets or silly rhetoric. It has everything to do with how he ll do and what he ll do as President of the United States. Trump, like pretty much all Republicans, sees regulations as obstacles to his getting even wealthier than he is.In a press release that has since been pulled off the internet, Trump complained about the  FDA Food Police,  and complained that the federal government  expects farmers to produce fruits and vegetables and even dictates the nutritional content of dog food.  (emphasis added).As Olbermann pointed out, in the last year, 11 of the 23 pet food recalls from the FDA have been because dog food manufacturers were poisoning dogs. That s when Olbermann, visibly angry, said that Trump has hinted that as a president,  he would protect a business man s right to poison dogs. Here s the video:Could you really trust a POTUS who has never had a dog? And, y know, wants to protect businesses who poison them? pic.twitter.com/NykVqnG6Nj  Keith Olbermann (@KeithOlbermann) October 3, 2016Upwards of half of all Americans own pets. Beyond that, cruelty to animals is a major indicator of other psychological problems, including psychopathy. In other words, you don t have to be a dog owner to see that Trump s attitude toward dogs sets a dangerous precedent for how he d run the country.Featured image of Donald Trump via Spencer Platt/Getty Images | Featured image of dog via Noel Vasquez/Getty Images.",0
4384, LEAKED AUDIO: Trump Picked Miss USA Contestants Based On DISGUSTING ‘Trump Rule’,"In new leaked audio that will make your skin crawl, Donald Trump s incredible misogyny is clearly displayed.When the Republican nominee bought the Miss USA contest he instituted a rule he calls the  Trump rule  in which he and his staff line all of the contestants up so that he can ogle them up close and only pick the most beautiful women to compete in the pageant.First, Trump lines up the women and starts dividing them based on their looks. At one point in the audio Trump remarks that women in West Virginia don t know what cellulite is, a backhanded comment meant to fat-shame women who don t meet his personal standards.He also asked contestants to choose contestants they think are pretty enough to compete for the Miss USA title, essentially allowing certain contestants to judge the others. Thus, the women were divided into groups based on which women made Trump horny.Trump went on to complain to the women about how the judges were supposedly judging the contest wrong and that the most beautiful women were left backstage instead of being picked to win.While Trump is obsessed with the women s looks, the contest has not been just about who is the prettiest. Personality is also judged.But Trump thinks only looks matter, so he and his team inspected the women and jotted down notes on a pad of paper about each one. So if a woman had a mole that Trump didn t like, it was more than likely marked down and used against her in the judging.Here s the audio via The Daily Beast:This is about as creepy as it gets, and as Raw Story points out, confirms what former Miss USA 2009 runner-up Carrie Prejean wrote in her book about Trump. Prejean described the experience of Trump looking over the girls as  humiliating. We were told to put on our opening number outfits   they were nearly as revealing as our swimsuits   and line up for him on stage,  she wrote.  Donald Trump walked out with his entourage and inspected us closer than any general ever inspected a platoon. He would stop in front of a girl, look her up and down, and say,  Hmmm.  Then he would go on and do the same thing to the next girl. He took notes in a little pad as he went along. Many of the girls found this exercise humiliating. Some of the girls were sobbing backstage after he left, devastated to have failed even before the competition really began to impress  The Donald. Donald Trump is a creep who doesn t deserve a single vote from any woman in America. As Bill Maher noted during his show on Friday, the only concrete position Trump has taken throughout his campaign is  no fat chicks.  It s a cruel and creepy policy Trump has held his entire life and he should be punished for it in November. He and the Republican Party need to learn that women come in all shapes and size and that women are sick of the bullshit way they are treated by them.Featured Image: Jonathan Bachman/Getty Images",0
4385, WATCH: Mark Cuban SLAYS Trump For Scamming The Working Class,"Donald Trump is an unpatriotic loser, says real billionaire Mark Cuban, because true patriots actually pay their damn taxes.In 1995, the Republican nominee wrote off a $915 million loss on his tax returns in order to get away with not paying any federal income taxes for the next 18 years while he continued to make hundreds of millions of dollars annually.As we all should know, taxes pay for a lot of the things that make our society great such as police, firefighters, hospitals, the military, roads, education, and many other things that are too numerous to mention. But Trump got to enjoy the benefits of the things taxes pay for without having to contribute a single penny to pay for them. The rest of us, including Hillary Clinton and Mark Cuban picked up that tab.So Cuban phoned in to CNN on Tuesday, and while he conceded that what Trump did is legal, he proceeded to blast him for failing to explain his actions. The key question, after showing a $915 million loss, is how much money does he owe still, who does he owe it to, was that debt forgiven   because if it was forgiven, that s going to eat up that net operating loss,  Cuban said.  Debt forgiveness is the same as income. He hasn t explained any of those things in any way, shape or form. That s a problem. Cuban then dinged Trump for not taking personal responsibility for his mistakes and declared that Trump is unfit to be president because of that refusal. The problem with Donald Trump and why he s unfit to be president, is that he won t own his mistakes. We all make mistakes. I ve had companies go belly-up. I say it all the time: It doesn t matter how many times you fail, you only have to be right one time and everybody will tell you how lucky you are. Just own the mistake and explain it. The problem is there s no transparency, and he won t own his mistakes, and we don t want someone like that who s ashamed of what they ve done in the business world. Being president means the buck stops at your desk, which means Trump can t blame his underlings for all the bad decisions will likely make as president. We need a president that takes responsibility, not one that makes excuses.But Cuban continued slamming Trump for referring to himself as a  smart  for not paying taxes. That s just wrong. I say it all the time: After military service, the most patriotic thing you can do as a wealthy person is pay your taxes, because that keeps the roads paved, the military paid and kids going to school. He obviously doesn t understand the concept. Here s the video via Twitter.Mark Cuban responds to a report that Donald Trump may have legally avoided paying taxes for about two decades https://t.co/mwkQ1f7nVr  CNN Politics (@CNNPolitics) October 3, 2016Cuban is absolutely right. Trump should pay his taxes like everyone else does because it would be unAmerican to not pay them. Former Supreme Court Justice Oliver Wendell Holmes once said that by paying taxes we buy civilization. By not paying taxes, Trump is freeloading off the rest of us.Featured image via screenshot",0
4386," Not Paying Taxes Doesn’t Make Trump ‘Smart,’ It Makes Him A Shamelessly Un-American Freeloader","Trump, not surprisingly, took the bait during the first showdown between him and Hillary Clinton at the first presidential debate. He admitted to not paying income taxes (because it makes him  smart ), and a recent bombshell report from the New York Times may confirm what we already know: he doesn t pay a time in federal income taxes because he, as a  brilliant business man,  lost almost $1 billion, allowing him to forgo paying federal income taxes for almost 20 years. However, because he refuses to release the rest of his tax returns, no one can confirm nor deny this.When you allegedly skip out on paying your federal income taxes (especially for 20 years), that doesn t make you a  smart businessman,  that makes you a shameless freeloader. When you skip out on paying your income taxes, you don t pay for:The list goes on and on. It doesn t matter what party one is from (that includes you, Al Sharpton), or how you feel about taxes, we all owe them and we all contribute to this great country called the United States. And to have a presidential candidate be smug enough to say that not contributing to these programs make him  smart  is an insult to the millions of business owners who play by the rules and pay their fair share. While even illegal immigrants pay $1.1 billion a year in personal income taxes (out of $12 billion overall), the Trump campaign and its merry band of deplorables still think he s done nothing wrong. Maybe he didn t do anything illegal, but just because something is legal doesn t make it right or ethical (we ve heard that for years from Republicans).And the last 18 years aren t the only times Trump has skipped out on paying his fair share. According to the Clinton campaign website, Trump  payed zero, or nearly zero, in federal income taxes in 1978, 1979, 1984, 1991, and 1993.  So these 5 years, plus alleged 18 years from 1995 to 2013, means there have been at least 23 years Trump paid virtually nothing. Ask the middle class and lower class how much they paid in 23 years.So don t ever tell me Trump cares about our troops, vets or military ever again. Don t ever tell me Trump cares about tackling the national debt ever again. Don t ever tell me Trump cares about Social Security or our retirees. Because if he really, truly did, he wouldn t take his irresponsible budgeting and turn it into a personal gain for himself at the expense of the American taxpayers. If he truly cared, he would have stepped up and fulfilled his obligation to the country that has given him so much. People who have less than him (and who aren t even citizens) are giving more than he is.People from both sides do this. But the man is running as President of the United States. The other person? She pays her taxes. Go on her website, there s over 15 years of full tax returns on there.I might be able to look past Trump s skipping on taxes for over 20 years if he wasn t such a sleazy businessman. If Trump was actually charitable (when there isn t legal contingencies attached to it), I might be forgiving. If he actually paid his independent contractors (which he doesn t), I might look the other way. If he didn t decimate local economies with his mishandling of money (he s done that several times), this wouldn t be as big an issue.For decades, local communities and economies have been cleaning up the messes he s made with his destructive, greedy behavior. For decades, small businesses have closed up shop, resulting in thousands of job losses, because he refused to pay them what they earned. And all the while this has been going on, we the taxpayers have been subsidizing his tax free lifestyle while he makes billions more. That right there is what s at the heart of this   it s not the fact that he used an unfair tax system to his advantage, it s that it s unethical, and it s un-American, and he puts on a facade of caring when everyone knows he d do it again in a heartbeat.There is no difference between Donald Trump and the common small town snake oil salesman, and his supporters are the townspeople   being manipulated into believing what he did (and will continue to do) is actually good for them. It s amazing that the same people who complain about  lazy minorities  and working poor not paying their taxes are all of a sudden A-OK with this guy skipping out on paying billions in taxes for 23 years.Some people can t afford to pay their taxes. Some people misfile their taxes and owe back-pay. But you want to know the difference between these people and Donald Trump? In Trump s own words, these people don t have  seven billion fucking dollars in the bank! That little zinger was said in 2011 at his Comedy Central Roast   2011, one of the years Trump wasn t paying federal income taxes, yet he had seven billion f-ing dollars in the bank. Good to know.The 2016 Republican Presidential candidate is officially the Freeloader candidate, and we re all paying for his  smart  business savvy. I hope it was worth it. And if you think Trump is going to eliminate this little loophole, knowing who his friends in business are, you ve got another thing coming to you.Featured image via Jessica Kourkounis/Getty Images",0
4387, Trump Made MILLIONS Renting Space To Iranian Bank That Supports Terrorism (DETAILS),"Remember, this is the same guy who has been going around calling Iran one of our greatest enemies, it turns out he seemed to have no problem aiding one of their biggest banks that also happens to be linked to terrorism.Recent reports reveal that Donald Trump was being paid half a million dollars in yearly rent between 1998 and 2003 by Bank Melli. The Iranian bank that not only aided Iran in obtaining materials for their nuclear program but also funneled $100 million to the Quds Force unit of the Iranian Revolutionary Guard, which supports acts of terrorism.Accepting rent payments from this bank may have violated the U.S. embargo that had been slapped on Iran at the time, which means Donald Trump is a serial violator of embargoes placed on enemy nations.Just last week, Trump was outed by Newsweek for violating the Cuban embargo in 1998, which is the same year he bought the General Motors Building in Manhattan and began accepting rent payments from the Iranian bank.Former State Department official Richard Nephew, who helped both President Bush and President Obama hit Iran with sanctions has a big problem with Trump renting office space to an Iranian bank that helps fund act of terrorism. It s a pretty hypocritical position to take,  he said.  It suggests that his principles are pretty flexible when it comes to him getting paid. Should someone in America have known better than to do business with Iran? Yeah. Indeed, Donald Trump has been a hardliner when it comes to Iran, but apparently that is only when it comes to the campaign trail. In reality, Trump doesn t mind working with dictators or dirty banks linked to terrorism as long as he can line his pockets.This should seriously be enough to end Trump s quest for the presidency. Clearly, he is only running to help himself. As Nephew said, Trump could easily choose money over principles when it comes to negotiating with hostile foreign nations. That s dangerous for our security and our reputation around the world. When Donald Trump says he can negotiate better deals with Russia, Iran, and China, he only means that he can negotiate better deals for himself and his own piggy bank. The last thing this country needs is a president who can be bought by our enemies.Featured image via Drew Angerer/Getty Images",0
4388, Basketball Great LeBron James Delivers STINGING Ohio Blow To Trump,"Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump wants to pretend that he s for the working man, that he understands their struggles. The truth is, though, that Trump is a rich, spoiled brat who has never known poverty or what it is like to worry where his next meal or rent check was coming from. That s the reality for many average Americans, and he doesn t have a clue about it. One person who understands this is Cleveland Cavaliers basketball great LeBron James.James wrote a passionate op-ed in Business Insider, in which he laid out the reasons he is endorsing and supporting Democratic presidential nominee Hillary Clinton. James writes: As a kid, I didn t have much money. It was just my mom and me, and things were rough at times. But I had basketball. That gave me a family, a community, and an education. That s more than a lot of children in Akron can say.If basketball has taught me anything, it s that no one achieves greatness alone. And it takes everyone working together to create real change.When I look at this year s presidential race, it s clear which candidate believes the same thing. Only one person running truly understands the struggles of an Akron child born into poverty. And when I think about the kinds of policies and ideas the kids in my foundation need from our government, the choice is clear.That candidate is Hillary Clinton. This is especially significant because Ohio is a state where James is pretty much worshipped, and it is also a state that is seen as essential for winning the presidency. This is an opinion that holds a lot of weight there.LeBron James embodies the American dream, as does Hillary Clinton. Hillary was raised by a mother who began working at the age of 14 because she was abandoned by her parents and had to leave the home of grandparents who never wanted her   and look at all Hillary became. LeBron James was a poor kid raised by a single mom who became one of the most revered sports stars in the country. In contrast, Donald Trump never worked for anything he has. He inherited it. He s really good at being a spoiled, entitled rich kid who has never cared about anything but himself and his brand. Do we really want that as president? I certainly don t.Thanks, LeBron. #ImWithHer, too.Featured image via David Liam Kyle/NBAE via Getty Images",0
4389, Even Undocumented Immigrants Pay More Income Taxes Than Donald Trump,"For years Republicans have been screaming about the  takers  in our society, which to them include minorities, the middle class, and immigrants, undocumented or not.But a recent expose in the New York Times shows that their candidate for President of the United States, Donald Trump, may have used his 1995 losses (which equate to almost $1 billion) to get out of 18 years of federal income tax payments. The self described  billionaire  (who knows if that s even true), recently told the whole world that not paying taxes makes him smart. His surrogates, including Rudy Giuliani and Chris Christie, say he s  brilliant  for avoiding his tax obligations for almost 20 years.No, morons, it doesn t make you smart, it makes you a freeloader and a con artist.But besides from the glaring truth, one group in particular actually pays more in taxes than Donald Trump, and they re the people he hates the most: undocumented immigrants.In our society, people seem to think immigrants (or  Mexicans,  as they blanket them), are coming into this country, sucking up our resources while paying absolutely nothing back to the society that they live in. Silly Republicans, that s Donald Trump you re thinking of.According to a 2016 study from Institute on Taxation & Economic Policy showed that undocumented immigrants pay upwards of $1.1 billion in personal income taxes (out of a grand total of $12 billion paid in taxes   including property, sales, other goods and services:Various studies have estimated between 50 and 75 percent of undocumented immigrants currently pay personal income taxes using either false social security (SSN) or individual tax identification (ITIN) numbers   Undocumented immigrants are currently ineligible to receive the federal Earned Income Tax Credit (EITC) and state versions of the credit because they lack the legal authority to work in the U.S. Accordingly, the impact of state EITCs has been removed from the current personal income tax estimates. This has the effect of increasing the effective income tax rates paid by these undocumented taxpayers under current law.Trump, who has made demonizing hardworking immigrants a staple in his twisted, divisive and racist campaign, literally (as far as we know until he releases his tax returns) pays less than undocumented immigrants in personal income.Let that sink in.While these immigrants are paying for our troops, military, veterans, and social programs that keep millions out of poverty, Trump is skipping out   while simultaneously pretending to care about all these issues.And of course his supporters are eating it up, and they campaign is neither confirming nor denying his cheating, slimy ways.Bottom line, Donald Trump contributes less (or even nothing) to our military and future generations than the immigrants he wants to cruelly deport, and that should be enough to show the American people what a fraud and con artist he really is.Featured image via Win McNamee/Getty Images",0
4390, Hillary Clinton Talks Racism In Charlotte: ‘My Worries Aren’t The Same As Black Grandmothers’ (VIDEO),"Hillary Clinton visited a predominately black church in North Carolina on Sunday, where she checked her privilege at the door to discuss to discuss racism, gun violence, and police shootings.Speaking at Little Rock AME Zion Church in Charlotte, the Democratic candidate told the crowd that she was all too aware that the world her grandchildren were growing up in was a far cry from that facing America s black youth. Clinton addressed the epidemic of police shootings in the U.S., a result of what she has termed  implicit bias. The former Secretary of State lamented the deaths of 40-year-old Terence Crutcher in Tulsa and 43-year-old Keith Scott, whose killing sparked days of protests in Charlotte. I m a grandmother, and like every grandmother, I worry about the safety and security of my grandchildren, but my worries are not the same as black grandmothers, who have different and deeper fears about the world that their grandchildren face,  Clinton said.Clinton also spoke of  10-year-old Taje Gaddy and 9-year-old Zianna Oliphant, who testified before the Charlotte City Council last week. The girls tearfully told of the impact this violence has had on their lives. At one point, Clinton invited Oliphant to join her on the stage. I wouldn t be able to stand it if my grandchildren had to be scared and worried the way too many children across our country feel right now. But because my grandchildren are white, because they are the grandchildren of a former president and secretary of state, let s be honest here, they won t face the kind of fear that we heard from the children testifying before the city council,  Clinton said.Gun violence has been one of the main themes of Clinton s campaign and she has been supported by mothers of gun violence victims throughout her run for the presidency. Clinton has demanded better training for police officers, including education on  implicit bias.  In the days following Scott s killing, she called for Charlotte police to release the dash cam and body cam videos of his death.What Clinton s moving speech, here:Featured image via video screen capture",0
4391, BREAKING: WikiLeaks’ Big Anti-Hillary October Surprise CANCELLED,"There s something about Donald Trump and his surrogates. They threaten information that s bound to doom their opponents and then, nothing.Perhaps the most obvious example was when Donald Trump insisted that he sent investigators to Hawaii to examine President Obama s birth certificate. He promised that his investigators  cannot believe what they re finding. Apparently, they couldn t believe what they found because it was literally nothing. Barack Obama was born in Hawaii and Trump s promise of a surprise never panned out.Now we have tacit Trump surrogate Julian Assange making promises of emails that will destroy Hillary Clinton. This was supposed to happen before the debate last Monday night. It didn t. Then, he promised that the emails would be released next week. They won t be. He s blaming  security. Due to security concerns at the Ecuadorian Embassy, Julian Assange s balcony announcement on Tues has been cancelled, per @wikileaks  Jesse Rodriguez (@JesseRodriguez) September 30, 2016The Trump campaign is probably reeling. Roger Stone, the CNN pundit, who, until just last week, was double dipping on Trump s payroll as well, tweeted this on Saturday:[email protected] is done. #Wikileaks.  Roger Stone (@RogerJStoneJr) October 2, 2016Perhaps the security concerns are real or perhaps they re not. Still, as someone on Twitter pointed out, Assange has other platforms, like video. Why does he need that particular balcony to make his big, oh so damning announcement?@JesseRodriguez @wikileaks okay, I can understand the balcony announcement being cancelled but will Julian make a video/news announcement?  Susan Reaney (@SSReaney) October 2, 2016So far, Assange s leaks have been pretty weak. The most damaging was during the primaries when he released emails damning to the DNC head, Debbie Wasserman Schultz who trash talked Bernie Sanders. Yes, there were a lot of problems with this leak, and yes, Schultz did deserve to lose her job, but there was no evidence of any actual wrongdoing. It just looked bad.While the DNC leaks showed that they were likely colluding with Hillary Clinton, Assange s motives are much more suspect. It s likely that Russia is behind the hacking, which would mean that Trump is being assisted, in a scenario that would have made even Richard Nixon say  whoa,  by foreign nationals. Trump even asked Russia to hack Clinton. That may be treason.Featured image via Carl Court/Getty Images.",0
4392, Trump-Supporting Alaska GOP Candidate Apparently Has No F*cking Clue Tweets Are Public (SCREENSHOTS),"Meet William Quayle Jr., who is trying to give Sarah Palin a run for the worst thing to ever come from Alaska.Quayle is a man who is voting for Donald Trump (but would have preferred Ted Cruz and previously criticized The Donald for his hateful rhetoric and lies) because he s angry about the state of our country   and running for Juneau s city assembly because things need to change, dammit (or something). And boy, does he hate that Hillary Clinton lady   largely because he buys into right-wing conspiracy theories that paint her as so sick she s likely to die any day now.Quayle s Facebook timeline is filled with right-wing memes and messages, including frequent references to convicted felon Dinesh D Souza s latest propaganda film, Hillary s America:           But his obvious stupidity   the climate change post, really?   is not what is bringing this normally unimportant person into the spotlight   it s his Twitter account, where he shares his love of large, full-figured women and their full-figured breasts and, of course, where he sends some of these women insanely creepy messages. The GOP candidate seems to spend much of his time harassing women   most commonly model Chelsea Charms   about fattening themselves up, inviting them to come live with him, and even encouraging them to get pregnant so their  boobs would get much bigger :            I do not wish to discuss about my fetishes, I am a heterosexual male and that is that,  Quayle told KTOO-FM when asked about the posts.  I do have original ideas that my competition does not have. All they want to do is tax and cut budget.  He does not deny the account is his, and even at one point auto-posted some of his more awkward messages to Facebook:It s perfectly OK for someone to like large-breasted women. It s not OK to harass women whose photos you look at while you do unspeakable things to your little soldier (it can be safely assumed that this is the case based on his public messages).The election is Tuesday. May God have mercy on our souls if this guy manages to win.Featured image via Facebook/Twitter",0
4393, Clinton Just Expertly Trolled Trump With This Very Special Calculator,"Democratic presidential candidate Hillary Clinton has wasted no time using the New York Times  bombshell that was dropped on Saturday. The revelation was that Republican presidential candidate Donald trump may have manipulated his taxes to make it so that he has not had to pay income taxes for two decades. Now, Clinton is trolling Trump hard with a special tax calculator that shows exactly how much a person would pay in income taxes if they were Trump. The joke is pretty straightforward. Type in your annual income and the calculator shows the same amount of money owed in taxes is exactly $0. Clinton s campaign website also displays a message that reads: Donald Trump says it s because he s smart. The New York Times says it s because he lost almost a billion dollars. Either way, Donald Trump may have avoided paying federal income taxes for 18 years after losing $916 million in 1995. And Trump really did pay zero, or nearly zero, in federal income taxes in 1978, 1979, 1984, 1991, and 1993. Until we see evidence otherwise, we ll assume it s still zero. Clinton s campaign manager, Robby Mook just released a statement on the matter. In the statement Mook said that: He apparently got to avoid paying taxes for nearly two decades while tens of millions of working families paid theirs. He calls that  smart. Trump has refused to release his tax returns, breaking decades worth of tradition. Most people on the left assumed he had something to hide. Now we have a bit more of an idea of what exactly he is hiding. Since the revelation, Trump has been lambasted by many individuals. Notably, Nevada Democratic Senator Harry Reid, who said that Trump is a billion-dollar loser who won t release his taxes because they ll expose him as a spoiled, rich brat who lost the millions he inherited from his father.  Reid also called for the passing of the Presidential Tax Transparency Act. The PTTA would make it mandatory for presidential candidates to release their tax returns if they seek the office of the presidency.Featured image from screenshot",0
4394, WATCH: Giuliani Says A Woman Can’t Be President Because Trump Is A ‘Genius’ For Not Paying Taxes,"Rudy Giuliani not only insulted the intelligence of Americans who pay their taxes every year like good citizens are supposed to do, he insulted women, too.During an appearance on ABC s This Week, the former NYC mayor responded to the bombshell New York Times report that Trump avoided paying federal income taxes for nearly two decades by calling him a  genius,  while suggesting that Hillary Clinton is a stupid woman because she paid her fair share. Absolute genius,  Giuliani told George Stephanopoulos before going on to excuse Trump s failure to contribute to the general welfare of this country. The man, in The Art of the Deal this is described, first of all we are talking about 26 years ago, perfectly legal. We should get that straight immediately. It s a perfectly legal application of the tax code and he would have been a fool not to take advantage of it. Not only that, but he would have probably breached his fiduciary duty to his investors, to his business. You have an obligation when you run a business to maximize the profits and if there is a tax law that says I can deduct this, you deduct it. If you fail to deduct it, people can sue you. Your investors can sue you. Giuliani seemed to think that Trump only wrote off a $1.8 million loss on his taxes in 1995, but Stephanopoulos had to inform him that he actually wrote off $915 million.Nevertheless, Giuliani had no problem with that either and claimed that Trump not paying his taxes is a good thing that makes him the most qualified for the presidency. But he began by bragging about how much money Trump makes now, and it turns out Trump could have paid off his losses in under a couple years but chose to let taxpayers foot the bill instead. $916 million. Well, Last year for example he made $625 million. So if he had one year in which he made $1 billion, he would have wiped it out the last [inaudible] one year. So it s unlikely that it carried forward with 18 years. That is the amount of income he was making. Second, every great man has had failures and The Art of the Deal, he explains it. Churchill was thrown out of office twice. Steve Jobs was fired from Apple and had nothing. The reality is, this man, 26 years ago, had some failures and then he built an empire. I would like that working for me for the United States. Oh, but Giuliani didn t shut up after that. He had to insult Hillary Clinton and women everywhere.According to Giuliani, Trump should be president because Hillary Clinton is a stupid woman for actually doing her civic duty by paying taxes. This a genius that had to take advantage of legal remedies that can help your company survive and grow. I want a man who is genius for figuring out how to take this country, moving in the wrong direction, where we have had a basically jobless recovery, where we ve had a growth of less than 2 percent for two years, that is pathetic. Don t you think a man who has this kind of economic genius is a lot better for the United States than a woman and the only thing she has ever produced is a lot of work for the FBI checking out her emails? Stephanopoulos would go on to hit Giuliani with Trump s past hypocrisy because the Republican nominee has whined about the conservative talking point that 50 percent of Americans don t pay income taxes and has complained about  hedge fund guys getting away with murder  by not paying taxes.Here s the video via Media Matters.Donald Trump is a complete fraud who lies to the American people. He is coward for not releasing his tax returns and now we know why he doesn t want to release them. Because they would destroy his campaign and Republicans know it.The fact is that while Hillary Clinton released her tax returns to the public and revealed that she actually pays her taxes, Donald Trump is enjoying all of the benefits of our society without contributing to the revenues that pay for them. That s unfair and un-American and he should not be rewarded for it.Featured image via screenshot",0
4395, BREAKING: Harry Reid Calls Trump ‘Rich Brat’ Who Won’t Release Tax Returns Because He’s ‘Spoiled’,"Donald Trump has one hell of a week. Starting off with his abysmal performance in last Monday s debate and ending with Saturday s New York Times  1995 tax bombshell. Trump is currently being lambasted for his manipulation of the tax system and his refusal to release his tax returns.Harry Reid has joined in with rest of the left and has arguably released the most scathing indictment of Trump on the matter of his taxes so far. Trump is a billion-dollar loser who won t release his taxes because they ll expose him as a spoiled, rich brat who lost the millions he inherited from his father, Reid writes in a press release. Despite losing a billion dollars, Trump wants to reward himself with more tax breaks on inherited wealth while stiffing middle-class families who earn their paychecks with hard work. Damn, that s brutal. The U.S. Democratic Senate leader did not stop there. Reid continues, demanding that Trump release his tax returns and spells out very clearly what it means if the Republican presidential nominee continues to refuse to do so. Trump is over-leveraged and deeply indebted to someone, but until he releases his taxes we won t know who. The implications for America s security are severe. The American people deserve to know who has leverage over this man who wants to be president. In the name of the public interest, the Senate should immediately pass the Presidential Tax Transparency Act, which would force all presidential candidates to release their tax returns. If all senators agreed to pass this act for the good of the country, we could pass it in a matter of minutes. If the Presidential Tax Transparency Act were passed, Trump would be forced to release his tax returns. Let s step back and take stock: Senate Republicans have put party so far ahead of country, they ve endorsed a racist, incompetent failure who managed to lose a billion dollars in a boom year,  Reid writes.  Now they are helping Trump hide his tax returns and preventing the American people from knowing what individuals, businesses or foreign interests could have leverage over Trump. It s time we rip open Trump s closet and let the world see the financial skeletons he is hiding. The American people have trusted their officials to release their tax returns voluntarily. Trump is the first person in decades not to release his returns. He has proven that he cannot be trusted. Trump and all other future candidates  tax returns releases should be mandatory. Not only will it will be a small step forward towards a brighter more transparent democracy, it ll also make the financially corrupt think twice before running for office.Featured Image from Chip Somodevilla/Getty Images",0
4396, WATCH: Chris Wallace DUMBFOUNDED As Chris Christie Calls Trump’s Tax Bombshell ‘A Good Story’,"Last night, The New York Times ran a story that s a potential bombshell for poor, put-upon Donald Trump   he declared a $916 million loss on his taxes in 1995, which means he potentially didn t pay any income tax for the following 18 years. Today, everyone is buzzing about it on all the TV shows, and Chris Christie takes the cake for most implausible spin to make Trump look good for this.While speaking to Fox host Chris Wallace on Fox News Sunday, Christie called this a good story for Trump because it not only highlights all the flaws in the tax code, but it also shows Trump to be the extremely intelligent, honest, dependable, law and order candidate he claims he is.Wallace came back, absolutely stunned by that, and said: Wait, wait wait  you re saying it s a good story for Donald Trump that he failed to pay any federal income taxes   first of all, that he took a billion-dollar loss   and that he failed to pay any federal income taxes for years. That s a good story? Of course it is, Christie insists. There s nothing illegal about what Trump did. He also has a fiduciary duty to his shareholders to pay as little tax as possible, so obviously it s okay. Besides, we don t know that Trump didn t pay any income taxes for that long (although knowing him, he really didn t).Watch Wallace s sheer astonishment below:There s a reason that this isn t okay, even though it s legal, and it s because Trump not only brags incessantly about paying as little tax as possible, but he also said that doing so makes him smart. Legal and smart do not mean right, and for a presidential candidate who constantly gripes about our veterans not getting cared for, and our infrastructure crumbling, he cannot go around bragging about how he s paid little to no income tax.Especially when things like veterans  benefits and infrastructure have been crumbling because the little guy s been shouldering a lot of the tax burden in this country, while the wealthy and corporations get away with paying far less than their fair share. Trump s essentially bragging that he s gotten around, and gotten away with, something the rest of us do faithfully every year, whether we like it or not.All this actually does is show Trump for the selfish, narcissistic hypocrite he is. Chris Christie is a brown-nosed bootkisser, though, and he seems to be learning spin from the worst elements at places like Breitbart and Fox News.Featured image via screen capture from embedded video",0
4397," Trump LOSES IT, Has Complete Nervous Breakdown After His Worst Week EVER (VIDEOS)","Trump has been having a very, very bad week. First, he humiliated himself in front of millions of viewers in Monday night s debate, then he reacted by fat shaming and slut shaming a former Miss Universe. Just when you thought things couldn t get worse for Trump, some of his tax returns were uncovered, showing that Trump has likely not paid a penny in federal income tax for nearly two decades.In his latest rally in Lancaster, Pennsylvania on Saturday night, he completely lost it, several times, reverting to childish antics and mockery. This is how the Washington Post recapped it:It took Trump nearly 25 minutes to read the brief statement because he kept going off on one angry tangent after another   ignoring his teleprompters and accusing Clinton of not being  loyal  to her husband, imitating her buckling at a memorial service last month, suggesting that she is  crazy  and saying she should be in prison. He urged his mostly white crowd of supporters to go to polling places in  certain areas  on Election Day to  watch  the voters there. He also repeatedly complained about having a  bum mic  at the first presidential debate and wondered if he should have done another season of  The Apprentice. First, he mocked Hillary Clinton for having pneumonia:There s nothing particularly new there, though. His favorite attack is mockery of those who dare be human, like when he mocked a disabled reporter.It gets worse, though. In another part of the speech, the thrice married, serial philanderer Trump accused Hillary Clinton of cheating on Bill.Is that my imagination, or did his crowd actually boo him?Perhaps the worst part of that rally was Trump s not so subtle dog whistle instructing his followers to go into black neighborhoods  certain areas  and monitor the polls.For a couple weeks after Trump hired campaign manager Kellyanne Conway, Trump seemed to be following his script and he appeared to be running a more disciplined message. That discipline is not only out the window, Saturday s rally proves he s far more unhinged than he s ever been. Trump is not used to losing, and to borrow a term from him, he s losing  bigly. Featured image via Spencer Platt/Getty Images",0
4398, WATCH: Van Jones EVISCERATES Supporter Who Thinks Trump’s Tax Evasion Is ‘Genius’,"Donald Trump has been positioning himself as an outsider who is going to clean up the corruption that is rampant in the United States government. That is, of course, absolute hogwash. It is the billionaire class that has ushered in our current era of oligarchical rule. On Sunday, CNN political analyst Van Jones informed one of Trump s surrogates that he is a billionaire who manipulates the tax code for his benefit and thus is the corruption he claims to be fighting.During Sunday s broadcast of CNN s State of the Union, the show s host Jake Tapper questioned Trump super fan Rachel Campos-Duffy on the New York Times  revelation that Trump may have used the tax code in a way to get out of paying income taxes for two decades. She dodged his question and said that President Obama is  the epitome of cronyism. Jones then called out Campos-Duffy for evading the question, saying  That s a good pivot.  That s when Jones let Campos-Duffy have it. He lambasted her and Trump for championing his tax manipulation.  It is, in fact, true if Donald Trump lost a billion dollars, think about this, lost a billion dollars, he could wind up as a winner legally in his taxes for a generation. Is that because he s a genius?  Jones asked incredulously.  It s because billionaires have armies of lobbyists to write the rules. Here s the deal: If you re obeying horrible rules that you helped to write, that doesn t make you a genius. It makes you a part of the corruption. That s exactly what every Trump supporter needs to understand. Trump is not the answer to the problems that are facing the nation. By electing Trump as president, all they are doing is taking the middle man out of the corrupt political process. Instead of electing officials who take orders from the wealthy, they would just be electing the wealthy to the office directly. The segment is one of the best that has come out of a political talk show this election season. Van Jones masterfully expresses what so many who have been fighting against Trump since he was crowned with Republican presidential nomination. What s more, Center for American Progress  CEO Neera Tanden explains exactly why it is so important for Trump to release his tax returns. If he did so, he could prove that he is as honest as he says he is. However, he won t.  He has broken from decades of tradition and only offers pathetic excuses as to why he won t release his returns. It does not appear that he will do so even now. That s because he has something to hide. The moment he does his campaign will be effectively over. If one snippet of info from his 1995 returns can be as damaging as they have so far been, one can only imagine the skeletons he is hiding.You can watch the segment below in full.Featured image from video screenshot",0
4399, CAN’T-MISS: Bernie And Hillary MOP The FLOOR With Trump For Not Paying Taxes Like Everyone Else,"You can t say that both parties are the same when the Republican nominee avoids paying taxes for 20 years while the Democratic nominee pays her fair share.On Saturday, the New York Times revealed that Donald Trump might not have paid any income taxes for 18 years.As it turns out, Donald Trump is a terrible businessman despite his claims otherwise. And his bad decisions resulted in a $915 million loss in 1995 that let him off the hook from paying taxes for the next 18 years.Donald Trump has made millions of dollars every year since then, but has not had to pay a single dime to the federal government while the rest of us had to pay ours. He thinks that means he is a  genius. It s a bombshell that gives us a clearer idea of exactly why Trump has refused to release his taxes. Because he knows the rest of America will be pissed that a pampered billionaire who wants to control the government and our military didn t pay one cent to help pay for the services that make our country great.Hillary Clinton and Bernie Sanders are certainly pissed off, which is why they released statements on Sunday blasting Trump for not paying taxing. There it is,  began a statement from the Clinton campaign via Twitter. This bombshell report reveals the colossal nature of Donald Trump s past business failures and just how long he may have avoided paying any federal income taxes whatsoever. In one year, Donald Trump lost nearly a billion dollars. A billion. He stiffed small businesses, laid off workers, and walked away from hardworking communities. And how did it work out for him? He apparently got to avoid paying taxes for nearly two decades   while tens of millions of working families paid theirs. He calls that  smart.  Now that the gig is up, why doesn t he go ahead and release his returns to show us all how  smart  he really is? Trump  apparently got to avoid paying taxes for nearly two decades while tens of millions of working families paid theirs.  pic.twitter.com/g62jB9fKr5  Hillary Clinton (@HillaryClinton) October 2, 2016Bernie Sanders expressed his disgust during an appearance on CNN.And then Sanders went on to blast Trump on ABC for not contributing to the general welfare of our nation. If everybody in this country was a genius like Mr. Trump is and not pay any taxes, we would not have a country,  Sanders said.Donald Trump has personally benefited from the government for decades. He even received 9/11 relief funds totaling $150,000 despite not being hurt at all by the terrorist attacks. So just to recap, this man has received government funds which were paid for by everyone who actually pays their taxes, and he did this without having to pay a single penny in taxes for nearly 20 years. Meanwhile, Hillary Clinton paid over $3.5 million in income taxes last year alone. She contributed to this country like everyone else does. Trump did not, which means Republicans literally picked a bottom-feeding taker as their leader.That should make every American angry.Featured Image: Alex Wong/Getty Images",0
4400, WATCH: Alec Baldwin Nails It As Trump In SNL’s Perfect Debate Sketch,"The season premiere of NBC s Saturday Night Live! Has been a much-anticipated event. The show s election based skits have always tended to be among their best. So far this season appears to keep up with that trend. During this premiere, audiences were given a real treat   seeing Alec Baldwin do his very best impression of Donald Trump.Not only did viewers get to see Baldwin don the persona of the republican presidential nominee, they also got to see him reenact the recent presidential debate with Kate McKinnon playing Hillary Clinton.The two are excellent throughout the skit. It begins with Baldwin at the podium introducing himself as Trump to the audience, where he says: Good evening America. I m going to be so good tonight. I m going to be so calm and so presidential that all of you watching are going to cream your jeans. Considering that he is speaking in complete sentences and capable of articulating an actual thought, however bombastic, Baldwin s version of Trump is doing fairly well compared to the real life version. Speaking of amazing entrances, Mckinnon also made quite the splash when she entered the stage as Clinton. She began by ambling towards the podium while using a cane and coughing. She then abruptly drops the cane and proceeds to do a summersault. When she stands up she says,  I m better than ever, let s do this. Neither candidate was spared during the sketch. Clinton was lampooned for some of her calculated responses.  Well, Lester my opponent s tax plan benefits the top 1% so much it s not just trickle-down economics. It s, I don t know if I had to call it something off of the top of the old dome, with no prep whatsoever, I d call it Trumped up trickle-down economics,  McKinnon responds when asked how she would help grow the economy. The best part about the sketch though is definitely Baldwin s take on Trump. You cannot help but laugh every time he enunciates the word  China.  It s also a pleasure to hear Baldwin say things that almost sound as if they the writers imagined what was really going on in Trump s head during the debate. Such as when Baldwin as Trump talks about black Americans and says: The thing about the blacks is that they re killing each other. All the blacks live one street in Chicago. I went there this morning, it s called Hell street. That s exactly the type of thing I could see Trump saying during a debate, provided he didn t have the number of handlers coaching him as he does now.Saturday Night Live! Is back and I will certainly be looking forward to watching them satirize this election. You can watch the sketch below.Featured image via video screenshot",0
4401, BREAKING: Trump Tax Documents Leaked And They’re STUNNINGLY Incriminating,"The chorus of voices saying,  Show us your taxes,  has been growing steadily as Trump continues to hide behind the flimsy excuse of an audit for keeping them hidden. Now, documents obtained by The New York Times may easily explain why he doesn t want the public to see them: While we all have been diligently paying our taxes each year, he very well may not have paid any income taxes at all for the last 18 years.18 years. That s astounding. That s disgusting, particularly for someone with a really fat bank account that s running for President. Trump has likely has paid so much less than his fair share that he helped to bilk the American people out of much needed services.What did the Times find? In 1995, Trump declared a $916 million loss on his taxes. That s a big enough loss to wipe out his federal income tax for the $50,000 to $100,000 he made on each and every episode of  The Apprentice,  and the $45 million he earned serving as chairman of the company that owned his failing casinos in Atlantic City from 1995 to 2009.Joel Rosenfeld, an assistant professor at New York University s Schack Institute of Real Estate, and also a tax expert, told the Times: He has a vast benefit from his destruction. Yes he does. Atlantic City and New Jersey were left picking up the pieces of his failed ventures there. But what s more damning is what Rosenfeld would say if a client came to him with a $916 million loss like Trump s: Do you realize you can create $916 million in income without paying a nickel in taxes? Wow. Yes, Trump was taking advantage of a tax system that s very heavily weighted in favor of real estate investors, and many would say that s just good business. However, just because something is legal doesn t make it right. Furthermore, when the issue of his taxes came up in the debate, and Hillary brought up his bragging that he pays as little as possible in taxes, he said: That makes me smart. Oh please. Smart? Many would say yes. However, that s anything but patriotic or presidential. It s selfish. It s shockingly selfish. It harms the veterans he claims to want to help, and the infrastructure he claims to want to fix, and everything else he claims he can turn around in his quest to enrich himself turn America into a shining golden city on a hill.And yet, this is the biggest example yet of his sheer hypocrisy. So is his campaign s statement on the matter: Mr. Trump is a highly-skilled businessman who has a fiduciary responsibility to his business, his family and his employees to pay no more tax than legally required. That being said, Mr. Trump has paid hundreds of millions of dollars in property taxes, sales and excise taxes, real estate taxes, city taxes, state taxes, employee taxes and federal taxes.Mr. Trump knows the tax code far better than anyone who has ever run for President and he is the only one that knows how to fix it. No, he wants to tilt it even further towards people like himself. Trump himself hasn t said anything about this on Twitter yet, but expect him to soon. Perhaps at 3 a.m., when he s writhing in fury on his bed that the Times has unmasked him yet again.Featured image by Spencer Platt/Getty Images",0
4402, Trump Once Tried To FORCE His Wife To Be Playboy’s Centerfold,"While Trump is busy lying about an adult film in a sorry attempt to shame former Miss Universe, Alicia Machado, his own skeletons are coming out of the closet, and we don t mean about his extramarital affairs. It seems that, while he was married to his second wife, Marla Maples, he tried to force her to pose nude for Playboy, as their centerfold.He didn t even let her participate in the negotiations, really. He was on the phone to Playboy negotiating her mega fee for her. As evidenced by all three of his wives, all Trump has ever wanted his women to be are trophies, showpieces, ornaments, arm candy. Having a wife in Playboy would have been wonderful for his image as a ladykiller.Marla, though, didn t want to participate. From the original 1990 Sun-Sentinel story on the issue: Donald doesn t want Marla to look like she s against Ivana,  says Trump s P.R. guru Chuck Jones.  Donald wants picture approval. Donald says to emphasize her early years. Notably, she did resist Trump s insistence that she accept Playboy magazine s million-dollar centerfold offer.  Trump himself was on the phone negotiating the fee,  remembers a top Playboy editor.  He wanted her to do the nude layout. She didn t.  ( I m thankful for my body, but I didn t want to exploit it,  Marla offers.  How would I ever be taken seriously? ) Here s an image of the original piece:@LPDonovan Nifty find. Trump pressuring his future wife to pose for Playboy. Personally negotiated the fee. pic.twitter.com/P4AMmx10ls  Jeff Nichols (@backwards_river) October 1, 2016Trump wouldn t have wanted Marla to be taken seriously   he didn t take her seriously himself, otherwise he wouldn t have done this to her. She was a sex object, nothing more, and he wanted to parade her around as proof of his manly virility.This probably wasn t anything like the first time he did something like this, either. Trump also allegedly tried to coerce female staffers into posing for Playboy, too. How anybody could think that s okay in the context of the workplace is beyond us. He wanted a layout called,  The Girls of Trump,  and it would have featured the hottest women he had on his staff. More evidence of his manly virility.While Playboy has run similar spreads, none of the companies named in those spreads either requested or sanctioned the layouts. Trump did, but the spread never happened. He has zero right to shame Alicia Machado, even if she HAD appeared in an adult film.Featured image by Diane Freed via Getty Images",0
4403, Germany Releases Memo Showing How Destructive A ‘President Trump’ Would Be To Our Economy,"Donald Trump s economic proposals would be disastrous for the economy. That s the conclusion that Germany s economic ministry concluded in an internal memo, first reported on by the German magazine Der Spiegel.According to the memo, if Trump were to be elected president of the United States his economic policies would lead to  a shrinking gross domestic product, fewer jobs and higher unemployment.  What s more, the memo says that Trump s economic policies violate both U.S. and international law. In a more blunt statement, the memo says that Trump s proposals are  not feasible  and that they do not  provide the foundation for a realistic economic policy. So to summarize, Germany s economics ministry has officially concluded that Trump s proposals would destroy the U.S. economy and are completely divorced from reality. That s an incredibly strong condemnation from one of the United States  strongest allies, and one of the most powerful economies in the world, and according to analysis by the Tax Policy Center, Trump s proposals would reduce income revenue by $2.6 and $5.9 trillion dollars over the next 10 years. In September, the economics research firm Oxford Economics found that if elected president, Trump s economic proposals would cause the economy to be $1 trillion dollars smaller in the year 2021 than experts are currently expecting.It isn t particularly easy for economists to create a complete prediction of what the future would look like after a Trump administration. There are many factors, such as his policies regarding immigration, that contribute to the various possible outcomes. Obviously, it s not yet clear what policies he will put into place when. That being said, it appears more and more to be a matter of finding out exactly just how bad these possible outcomes are than a matter of whether they re bad or not   a Trump presidency would unquestionably be an economic disaster for the United States.Featured image from  Alex Wong/Getty Images",0
4404, Bette Midler Just Ruined Trump’s Day With A Brutal Twitter Smackdown (TWEETS),"Donald Trump has a cocaine problem. As Howard Dean pointed out, the recent  sniffling episode  at the first presidential debate is not necessarily a sign of addiction, but something funny was absolutely going on. On Saturday as Trump was having his morning   coffee? blood of the innocent? cocaine?   and stalking women who say mean things about him on Twitter, he surely was furious when he came across Bette Midler s profile.Referencing the latest of Trump s seemingly endless string of late-night Twitter meltdowns, Midler offered The Donald some advice   stop doing coke:Trump suffers a Twitter meltdown in the wee hours of AM. You gotta stop doing coke after 4PM or you'll be up all night!  Bette Midler (@BetteMidler) October 1, 2016And, of course, she couldn t resist mocking Trump s failing poll numbers, joking that Trump  says the polls are bouncing because they are fat worthless pigs    a reference to his penchant for leveling stupid insults at women who stand up to him:#Clinton is seeing a post-debate bounce in the polls. Trump says the polls are bouncing because they are fat worthless pigs.  Bette Midler (@BetteMidler) October 1, 2016Naturally, Trump s  deplorables  came out to play:@BetteMidler I love the smell of liberal desperation in the morning  GROSS NEGLIGENCE (@sea329) October 1, 2016@BetteMidler This is exactly what is wrong with ""Hollywood"" slander everyone that has a half a brain. To many years of the ""Inquirer""  WeCATS (@WeCatsCorp) October 1, 2016@BetteMidler but Hillary needs to wake up so she can stop people from dying unnecessarily while Benghazi is being attacked!  Kathleen Hansen (@KathJHansen) October 1, 2016@BetteMidler You should try your hardest not to sound so ridiculous..desperate. Stick to selfies in front of your fancy dressing room mirror  Karen Perez (@karrielynn88) October 1, 2016@BetteMidler I am a deplorable and I am voting Trump!!!  Yvonne Manley (@ymjunction56) October 1, 2016Trump s treatment of women is disgusting   from his attacks on Megyn Kelly after she fact-checked him or his insults leveled at Carly Fiorina s face. While he is surely seething over Midler s latest Twitter gut-punch, one thing is for certain: Sniffles isn t going to stop making a fool of himself or embarrassing America. Remember that on election day.Featured image via Getty Images(Craig Barritt)/screengrab",0
4405," Trump Explodes In Rage At Debate Results, Indicates He WON’T Accept An Election Loss (DETAILS)","We all know that Donald Trump s skin is very thin. He is also a narcissist the likes of which the world has never seen on the word leadership stage. Therefore, the thought of losing the 2016 presidential election has likely not really occurred to him in any real sense. However, his disastrous debate performance, combined with a huge tilt away from his favor in the polls following a week of chaos that was completely his own doing means that a loss in November is looking more and more likely. The Donald just cannot take that, though, so he has a new solution in the event of his losing the electon: he just won t accept the result.At the debate, in which Trump seemed to run out of gas and eventually melt down completely, he still nonetheless said he would accept the results should he lose to Democratic nominee Hillary Clinton. However, now that it seems that a loss might be something that is looming, Trump is going back on his loss. According to the New York Times, Trump s assessment is thus:Mr. Trump, aiming to unnerve Mrs. Clinton, even indicated that he was rethinking his statement at their last debate that he would  absolutely  support her if she won in November, saying:  We re going to have to see. We re going to see what happens. We re going to have to see. So, in other words, Trump is sending a dog whistle fog horn to his most ardent, hateful, aggressive, and uneducated supporters that says just what they already believe: if he doesn t win, it was rigged. This is beyond dangerous, considering that we can never plant the seeds of doubt in the integrity of our electoral system and process. While we all know that things like Voter ID laws and false accusations of voter intimidation most definitely are aimed at disenfranchising minority voters because they largely tend to vote left, there is absolutely nothing to suggest that anything more nefarious is going on regarding election rigging.Trump s inability to accept that no one   not even him   wins all the time is downright dangerous. It cannot be stressed enough that we must trust the result of this election, and every election, no matter how unsatisfied we might be with the outcome. That means that if folks like me wake up on November 9th to headlines of President Trump, I must accept it, and if I cannot tolerate it, I must move to another country.Trump s supporters must do the same. They have shown themselves to be violent, paranoid, hateful, and ignorant, though, so it will be no surprise if they refuse to accept any outcome of the 2016 presidential election beyond the one they desire. This is simply further proof that Donald Trump s candidacy is dangerous. I shudder to think what will happen if he is actually elected president.Featured image via Mark Wilson/Getty Images",0
4406, UNBELIEVABLE: Florida High School Students Wear KKK Outfits To School For Homecoming (VIDEO),"Three students at a Florida high school are suspended for wearing KKK costumes to school for homecoming. The students from Wiregrass Ranch High School in Pasco County no doubt thought they were being funny or cute, or maybe they thought they were making some kind of a statement. Regardless, they upset many of their fellow students with the costumes, which they initially claimed were ghost costumes.The theme for the day was  characters,  and most students who chose to dress up dressed as superheroes or television characters. These three chose to emulate one of the most racist hate groups ever to exist in the U.S., but for what reason, nobody seems to know. A fourth student was wearing a Confederate flag, but that student took it off after being asked to, and doesn t face any disciplinary action.The outfits consisted of white sheets and pointy white hoods; very, very reminiscent of the KKK, not ghosts. They posted a photo of themselves in the costumes on social media with the caption,  BRUHHHHHHH  on it. Pasco County District Superintendent Kurt Browning said: Usually ghosts don t have pointed hoods. No, they don t. A senior at the school believes that these three had to have known what they were doing   ghost costumes look very different from KKK outfits and everyone who grew up in the U.S. knows it. We all see ghosts everywhere at Halloween, and we all see images of the KKK in our history books and media.Furthermore, with all the protests against police brutality toward the black community going on, there s a lot of racial tension. Black people are being killed in the streets by police, and white people don t want to acknowledge that the root of that problem is systemic racism, so the problem just continues. White people also insist on trying to dictate when, where and how the black community can protest, which just makes the black community angrier, and rightfully so.Because of all of that, KKK outfits, no matter the context, are especially inflammatory.Two of the students were Hispanic, and one was Arabic. None of them were black or white. There s a possibility they thought they were making some kind of a statement about the white nationalism that Trump has uncorked and normalized here.They might have specifically intended to harass black students and faculty there.They might have just thought they were being funny and cute, and they may have even thought they wouldn t get in any trouble because they aren t white.There is just no way they didn t know what they were doing, though. Browning touched on that when he went on to say: The last thing we need is to have any student regardless of race dressed up in that type of costume. The students received a two-day suspension, so hopefully they learned differently. The KKK no matter who you are is a hate symbol. Whatever the students  motives were, there is zero excuse.Watch a report on this incident below, from WFTS:Featured image via screen capture from embedded video",0
4407," Lawyer Shot And Killed His Wife, Blames Black Lives Matter (VIDEO)","The Black Lives Matter movement has become a convenient scapegoat for many on the right, who compare the growing social justice movement that is trying to raise awareness about the problem of police violence towards blacks.The newest and possibly strangest instance of this blame game comes from Atlanta, where attorney Claud  Tex  McIver blames the shooting death of his wife Diane on the movement.McIver was riding in the back seat of his car when his .38 revolver went off, wounding his wife who was seated up front. She died in surgery several hours later.This is his explanation for what happened:McIver says he and his wife were being driven home by Diane s best friend when their Ford Explorer was approached by several individuals during a week in which there were many Black Lives Matter protests in the area, according to Bill Crane, a McIver family friend, who spoke to the The Atlanta Journal-Constitution on Friday.Fearing they were about to be carjacked, McIver pulled out his gun from the center console as a precaution. McIver was falling asleep with the gun in his lap and has no recollection of pulling the trigger, Crane told the newspaper.The accusation doesn t really meet the smell test. At the very least the McIver case sounds like so many of the accidental gun deaths that come about from far too many guns floating around the country, especially in states like Georgia in the south.But it s also possible that something more sinister occurred and Black Lives Matter   a movement that has not endorsed violence and is in fact trying to curtail it   is being used as part of a blame game that we ve heard before. Violent crimes have in the past often been blamed on a convenient black figurehead in order to obscure what really happened.So far police have listed the death as a  homicide. Featured image via YouTube",0
4408," Donald Trump Proves He Hates Women, Calls Reporter The C-Word (VIDEO)","Donald Trump s misogynistic behavior towards women is now legendary. Repeated stories have emerged showing the Republican presidential nominee thinks nothing of throwing out the worst phrases and ideas, particularly if the target is a woman, who Trump clearly believes are inferior to men.Reporter Jennifer Lin reveals another sordid story from Trump s fast as she was reporting on his Atlantic City casinos, which went belly-up like so many of his other bad business deals.After the article, titled  How a Curious Visitor Beat Trump at the Casino Game  ran, Trump called Lin to air his grievances. There was no hello. But there was yelling, lots of yelling,  Lin recalled.  The word  shit  was used repeatedly as a noun and adjective. Trump then called Lin s editor, Craig Stock. Craig was treated to the same Trumpian wordplay, but got an added treat,  she continued.  Trump referred to me as  that c__t. Trump denies the story, but he has also denied saying things that have been witnessed by millions of people. During the recent presidential debate he denied saying climate change was a hoax, but he did, and numerous fact checks and recorded videos show him again and again denying saying things he did.The slur also follows a pattern of behavior for Trump, recently seen in his 3 a.m. meltdown over Miss Universe Alicia Machado as he demanded that she be attacked instead of treated with compassion after he fat-shamed her.Voters have seen that Trump freaks out at reporters and news outlets that print negative stories about him, as he claims they ve made up their facts but never actually refutes them or demands a retraction. Yelling a slur at a female reporter that would dare point out his shortcomings isn t a stretch of the imagination, it s something Donald Trump does all the time.Featured image via screen capture",0
4409, Hillary Clinton Mocks Donald Trump With An AMAZING Tweetstorm At 3 AM,"This is hilariously perfect.Hillary Clinton has already responded to Republican nominee Donald Trump s 3am temper tantrum on Twitter but decided to double down early Saturday morning by mocking him with a 3am Twitter barrage of her very own. Except whereas Trump focused on hurling sexist insults, Hillary focused on touting public service and threw in some characteristic Trump-speak.It s 3:20am. As good a time as any to tweet about national service. https://t.co/6hRCC16UiV  Hillary Clinton (@HillaryClinton) October 1, 2016There are hundreds of thousands more @AmeriCorps applications than spots. Horrible! Let s expand it from 75,000 annual members to 250,000.  Hillary Clinton (@HillaryClinton) October 1, 2016Too many talented young people pass up on programs like @Peacecorps because of student loans. Let s use GOOD JUDGMENT & lighten that burden.  Hillary Clinton (@HillaryClinton) October 1, 2016Remember, don t believe the haters who describe America as hopeless and broken. We should lift each other up, not tear each other down.  Hillary Clinton (@HillaryClinton) October 1, 2016For those few people knocking public service, hope you ll reconsider answering the call to help others. Because we re stronger together.  Hillary Clinton (@HillaryClinton) October 1, 2016Prior to Hillary s tweets, Massachusetts Senator Elizabeth Warren absolutely humiliated Trump on her Twitter feed as well.Warren pointed out that Trump never tweets about truly important things at 3am such as helping students and workers. Then she landed this knock-out punch.A thin-skinned bully who thinks humiliating women at 3am qualifies him to be President does not understand America & is not fit to lead.  Elizabeth Warren (@elizabethforma) September 30, 2016While Trump acts like a petulant child, Hillary Clinton is demonstrating that she is the adult in the 2016 race.Trump s Twitter tantrum early Friday morning was disgraceful and proved that he does not have the temperament necessary to be President of the United States.Hillary Clinton, on the other hand, is the only candidate in this race who has the experience, dedication to public service, and, yes, the perfect temperament to be an effective commander-in-chief. This is how a presidential candidate is supposed to act.Featured image: Justin Sullivan/Getty Images",0
4410," Trump’s Shady ‘Charity’ Hurt Children, And This is How","Donald Trump s controversial foundation is once again being exposed for engaging in unsavory practices. Already connected to possible tax evasion and use as a weird piggy bank for Trump and his family, now it is apparent that the Trump Foundation s funds were used to hurt children.The Daily Beast followed the money trail between the Trump Foundation and the anti-vaccination group Generation Rescue, headed by former Playboy model and actress Jenny McCarthy.Donald Trump has not only spread dangerous misinformation about the links between vaccines and autism, but he s also given money to the anti-vaxxer cause.His monetary support for the conspiracy theory came in the form of a $10,000 check to an anti-vaccine charity run by former Playboy model and television host Jenny McCarthy.Trump s monetary and moral support for McCarthy s discredited ideas have real, harmful effects they contribute to the mainstreaming of a conspiracy theory at a time when parents are increasingly deciding to opt out of vaccines despite medical advice.Vaccination is of supreme importance, especially among children who are susceptible to numerous diseases and are often exposed to them in a school environment where they must interact repeatedly with each other. Opposing vaccination and sowing doubt about them harms and kills children. The anti-science, anti-vaccination movement has led to a return of several diseases including whooping cough, which has now killed more children in the last 5 years than it has in a long time.Trump has previously gone on the record with his anti-vaccination views, pushing the idea that they are dangerous, which is absurd as his claim that climate change was a conspiracy created by the Chinese or that Ted Cruz s father was part of the operation to kill President John F. Kennedy.So in addition to the Trump Foundation being used to raise Trump s profile as a donor to charity   with him rarely actually putting any of his own money in   now it is enabling dangerous propaganda that hurts children.Featured image via Flickr/Flickr",0
4411, WATCH: Bill Maher Hilariously TORCHES Whiny Trump’s Debate Meltdown,"Bill Maher had nearly a week to plan how he wanted to lampoon loser Donald Trump s debate performance against Hillary Clinton and he did not disappoint.During his show on Friday night, the Real Time host opened the show still in disbelief that this is actually happening. But he quickly got over it and moved on to mocking Trump s sore-loser hissy fit that he has displayed ever since the debate ended. He interrupted her 51 times,  Maher said about the debate.  At one point she had to say , Mommy s talking.  He actually had a meltdown. Donald Trump had a meltdown about what a great temperament he has. It was like watching someone carve  I am not a psycho  into their arm! Maher continued by pointing out that the scientifically conducted polls show that Hillary won the debate, but Trump claims he won and has used every excuse in the book ever since to explain his poor showing. Even though all the polls showed that Hillary won the debate, oh, he won.  Maher continued.  And even if he didn t win, totally not his fault. The moderator asked the wrong questions. He had a bad microphone. The whole system is rigged. She had the questions beforehand. The sun was in my eyes. The coke wore off. Even Ryan Lochte was like  Stop with the bullshit about being robbed. You whiny little b*tch. Maher then turned to talking about the theory that Trump had used cocaine prior to the debate, pointing out that he was  manic  during the first 30 minutes before crashing and becoming very thirsty while sniffling throughout the night. Hillary got a big bump after the debate and Trump looked like he did a big bump before the debate. That s what I m hearing. I hope it s not true. A lot of people are saying it. He was stiffing a lot. It was either that or he s allergic to facts Ironically, the guy who wants to build a wall hit a wall. Maher also slammed Trump s attacks on former Miss Universe Alicia Machado, quipping that America doesn t need a president answering the 3am phone call who is already in an  enraged hissy fit. Maher then sarcastically thanked the Republican Party for this mess they created and told them they must be  so fucking proud. Your candidate finally takes a concrete position on something and it s  no fat chicks. Here s the video via YouTube:Donald Trump is an embarrassment, but what s truly embarrassing is that he isn t losing by a landslide. Anyone who still supports Trump should be ashamed of themselves.Featured image via creenshot",0
4412, Mitch McConnell Freezes GOP Donors Into Loudest Silence EVER With One Question About Trump,"It s become a weekly ritual: Trump goes through each day, doing his Trumpian thing, and at the end of the week, various media outlets are recapping  Trump s bad week.  This week, though, seems to have been especially bad for Trump, because Republicans are frightened. They re frustrated. They re confused. And they don t think he ll win the election.At a private fundraiser for Rep. Joseph Heck (R-NV), Mitch McConnell asked the room of Republican supporters whether they think Trump can win. Maybe half raised their hands. When he asked whether they think Trump will win, however, the room fell silent, and not one person was able to raise their hand.Not. One. Person. In that room. Thinks Trump will win in November.The silence in that room had to deafening. It s certainly telling. When your own party s donors don t believe you will win your election, you ve got a huge problem.For his part, McConnell refuses to talk about Trump to the press. When they caught up with him, he was curt, saying,  This is not something I am going to discuss today,  and then,  Because I choose not to,  when they pressed him on why.Even one of Trump s staunchest allies, Newt Gingrich, thinks his 3am tweetstorm about the  dishonest  press was wholly inappropriate to someone who wants to be president:.@newtgingrich said @realDonaldTrump has  got to become much more disciplined.  Do you agree? #Hannity pic.twitter.com/rKLuqhpHIA  Fox News (@FoxNews) October 1, 2016For his part and this is probably one of the most maddening things for Republicans Trump sees his behavior as exactly what s needed in a president. But when the rest of the country doesn t, when even his own party doesn t, then he s in a lot of trouble.Too bad. November 8th could end up being very humiliating for Trump. Featured image by Alex Wong/Getty Images",0
4413, Trump Campaign Accidentally CONFIRMS That Trump Illegally Put Money Into Fidel Castro’s Hands,"True to form, Trump and his campaign are royally pissed at Newsweek and Kurt Eichenwald for their report on one of Trump s companies that violated the Cuban embargo. Trump let loose a bunch of unrelated attacks, but the campaign s official response wasn t much of a response. That is, until Kellyanne Conway opened her mouth on The View.When the ladies of The View asked Conway about the Cuba story, she first said: Read the entire story. It starts out with a screaming headline, as it usually does, that he did business in Cuba. And then it turns out he decided not to invest there. But Trump Hotels & Casinos did spend $68,000 there, which violated the embargo. Conway either doesn t know what all the embargo banned, or she has no idea how to stick to her defense of her lord and savior. When the ladies of The View pressed her further, she said: I think they paid money, as I understand from the story, they paid money in 1998. And then, of course, she launched into a totally irrelevant diatribe about Hillary Clinton.But we digress.Whether it was 1998 or just before Obama lifted certain restrictions, Trump s hotel company illegally spent money in Cuba while he was chairman and still had a controlling interest. End of story.And that s concerning, as is the  law and order candidate s  denial that he ever breaks the law. In fact, Marco Rubio, who has endorsed Trump, is unhappy with Eichenwald s findings: This is something they re going to have to give a response to. I mean, it was a violation of American law, if that s how it happened,  [Rubio] said on the ESPN/ABC Capital Games podcast.  I hope the Trump campaign is going to come forward and answer some questions about this.' This wouldn t be nearly the huge deal it is if he and his campaign would say something like,  Yes, this happened, however, it was handled and Mr. Trump and his businesses took the necessary steps to ensure this kind of thing never happened again.  But Kellyanne Conway threw her boss under the bus in trying to deny this ever happened instead.Featured image by Spencer Platt/Getty Images",0
4414, Watch As Trump Admits He Thought Paris Hilton Was Hot – When She Was 12 (VIDEO),"Donald Trump sure knows how to make you want to vomit. It s a skill he has mastered. This particular cringeworthy clip where he admits he thought Paris Hilton was hot at the age of 12 is one such moment.Trump appeared on the Howard Stern Show where he went on and on about how  beautiful  his daughter Ivanka s BFF was as a child and it is disturbingly creepy. Now, somebody who a lot of people don t give credit to but in actuality is really beautiful is Paris Hilton,  he said.  I ve known Paris Hilton from the time she s 12, her parents are friends of mine, and the first time I saw her she walked into the room and I said,  Who the hell is that? Did you wanna bang her?  Stern asked. Well, at 12, I wasn t interested,  Trump said,  I ve never been into that   but she was beautiful. Trump continued, saying that Paris Hilton is  dumb like a fox.  He then confessed that he had watched her sex tape. When Stern asked how he happened to come across the  leaked  video, the GOP nominee said that his wife, Melania, had shown it to him.Trump s obsession with women s looks is no secret and neither is his love of young women. Hell, this is the man who said if his daughter wasn t his own flesh and blood  perhaps he d be dating her. Watch Trump s talk about how hot Paris Hilton was as a kid, here: Featured image via Steve Pope/Getty Images and Doug Benc/Getty Images",0
4415, Elizabeth Warren HUMILIATES Trump For His Sexist Late Night Temper Tantrum,"Senator Elizabeth Warren just responded to Donald Trump s 3am temper tantrum by dropping the hammer on him.Early Friday morning, the Republican nominee threw a hissy fit on Twitter about Hillary Clinton and Alicia Machado instead of simply apologizing for his sexism and moving on. The results were more insults against the two women and a claim that his tweets prove he is ready to take the 3am phone call as president.Wow, Crooked Hillary was duped and used by my worst Miss U. Hillary floated her as an  angel  without checking her past, which is terrible!  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) September 30, 2016Using Alicia M in the debate as a paragon of virtue just shows that Crooked Hillary suffers from BAD JUDGEMENT! Hillary was set up by a con.  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) September 30, 2016Did Crooked Hillary help disgusting (check out sex tape and past) Alicia M become a U.S. citizen so she could use her in the debate?  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) September 30, 2016For those few people knocking me for tweeting at three o clock in the morning, at least you know I will be there, awake, to answer the call!  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) September 30, 2016Well, Massachusetts Senator Elizabeth Warren is no stranger when it comes to kicking Trump s ass on Twitter so when she fired back on Friday afternoon she went for the jugular.Is this what keeps you up at night, @realDonaldTrump? Thinking of new & interesting ways to call women fat or ugly or sluts?  Elizabeth Warren (@elizabethforma) September 30, 2016You never tweet at 3am with ways to help students getting crushed by debt or seniors struggling on Social Security, @realDonaldTrump.  Elizabeth Warren (@elizabethforma) September 30, 2016You never tweet at 3am with ways to create new jobs for workers or hold Wall Street accountable, @realDonaldTrump.  Elizabeth Warren (@elizabethforma) September 30, 2016Nope, @realDonaldTrump: the only things that keep your mind racing at night are your next racist, sexist tweets & disgusting lies.  Elizabeth Warren (@elizabethforma) September 30, 2016A thin-skinned bully who thinks humiliating women at 3am qualifies him to be President does not understand America & is not fit to lead.  Elizabeth Warren (@elizabethforma) September 30, 2016Once again, Warren wins the Internet by a devastating knock-out.Featured Image: Spencer Platt/Getty Images",0
4416, Virginia School Has Black Kid Arrested For Drinking Milk,"Seriously. This actually happened in America.Milk costs 65 cents at Graham Park Middle School in Prince William County, Virginia. But like millions of other children across the country, Ryan Turk is enrolled in the free lunch program because his family can t afford his meals.One day after going through the lunch line, Turk sat down and realized that he had forgotten to grab a milk so he went back and grabbed one like any other kid would do.Except that Ryan Turk is black, so the school security guard automatically assumed he stole it. He confronted Ryan, accused him of a crime, and demanded that he go to the principal s office. Ryan refused because he did nothing wrong.Rather than check out Ryan s story, which would have been as simple as looking at his tray and realizing that he only had one milk (which he would have known was free for Ryan if he had bothered to check if he is enrolled to get free school lunches), the security officer arrested him and charged him with disorderly conduct and petty larceny, charges that will now be on Ryan s record.The school gave Turk a choice, enroll in a diversion program by admitting to a crime he didn t commit, or face a trial in a courtroom.Again, this is all because Ryan went back for the milk he forgot as part of his lunch. It s a 65-cent milk for crying out loud, not the Mona Lisa.Rightfully so, Ryan s mother rejected the first choice.  My son is not going to admit to something he did not do,  she told the Washington Post.Turk and his mother also contend that race has something to do with the incident because Ryan has seen many other students do the exact same thing he did without being confronted by school security.The school has dismissed the accusation that racism had anything to do with the situation because the security guard and the principal are both black. But Turk s attorney Emmett Robinson begs to differ. It s not the players, it s not the people who discriminate; it s the whole system,  Robinson said,  The system is set up now so that school resource officers get to determine the impact on a person s life. Indeed, treating black kids like criminals has ended up creating a vicious cycle that has resulted in the disproportionate imprisonment of blacks in this country.There is little doubt that if Ryan had been white he would have never been approached by the security officer.The fact is that Ryan Turk was entitled to have a milk with his lunch, which is FREE. He just forgot it and merely did what he has seen other students do. Security did not have a problem with those other kids going back for their forgotten milk. So why did the security officer treat Ryan differently? Race must have played a role. And even if it didn t, having a child arrested over a 65-cent carton of milk is absolutely ridiculous. It s a waste of resources and a waste of the court s time.Surely, the school and the judiciary must have more important things to deal with.Featured image via Wikimedia",0
4417, The GOP Just Revealed What They REALLY Think About ‘National Security’,"Congressional Republicans plan on dogging Hillary and the FBI about her emails and use of a private server from now until kingdom come. It s a matter of mishandling classified info, they say. She potentially put our national security at grave risk, they claim. We have to investigate every last letter of every last word of every last sentence here, they insist. But when it comes to investigating a true threat to national security, they re blocking attempts at every turn.Of course, we re talking about Donald Trump s potential ties to Russia. Congressional Democrats keep running into roadblock after roadblock in trying to open an investigation into that. GOP staffers told The Daily Beast that while it seems their bosses are privately concerned about the issue, they would rather continue harping on Hillary.It s politics. Disgusting politics that really does put us at risk. The problem is likely that Trump is their nominee which really should make it all the more concerning. Given the GOP s apparent need to protect our security (they re angry with Obama for not going after ISIS the way they want in addition to insisting that Hillary jeopardized our security with her email server), one would think they d be all over this.Intelligence briefings given to both the Senate and House Intelligence Committees point to Russia using hacking as a means to influence our elections: Communications and documents stolen in those hacks have been selectively leaked online since, by a hacker claiming to be unaffiliated with the Russians going by  Guccifer 2.0.  But analysis by private-sector cybersecurity firms have concluded that the character is most likely a front for the Russians to cast doubt on their culpability.Two other hacks   both of state election boards   have also been loosely tied to potential Russian hackers. In Illinois, thousands of voter role records were accessed, and Arizona was also targeted. Though nothing was done to influence elections in those states, experts believe Russian hacking is designed to cast doubt in the security and validity of the election. It s true that some Republicans are suffering some measure of  buyer s remorse  over the party s nomination of Trump, but in blocking investigations that are this important, all they ve done is unmask themselves as the impostors they are. To some, this is black-and-white. Kurt Eichenwald of Newsweek went on Twitter to call them out for this blatant hypocrisy:GOP Congress spends a year and a half investigating Clinton emails, but refuses to investigate whether Russia is hacking our election? WTF?  Kurt Eichenwald (@kurteichenwald) September 30, 2016And he s got it. Republicans have attacked Hillary on everything under the sun because they hate her, and they fear her, and they don t want her to be president. It s not about national security with her. They won t go after Trump for something far more dangerous and frightening because they re protecting their own. It s Republican politics at its finest.Featured image via Aude Guerrucci-Pool/Getty Images",0
4418," Fox News Poll Shows Who Their Viewers Think Won The Debate, And It’s Pretty Damn Hilarious (IMAGE)","If there s one news organization that Donald Trump can usually always rely upon to be in his corner, it s Fox News. The media branch of the Republican party will pretty much always show bias towards any Republican candidate or conservative ideal. Most of the time even without trying to find any facts of any kind.However, it looks as though Trump is going to hate the new poll that Fox News revealed showing who, according to them and their viewers, won the first presidential debate.Winning with 61% of viewers polled was none other than Democratic presidential nominee Hillary Clinton.In fact, Trump was only able to garner 21% of those polled to say that he won, with 12% saying it was a tie.New Fox Poll: Who won first debate? #SpecialReport https://t.co/lmsmO06yfj pic.twitter.com/coMvS84lCj  Fox News (@FoxNews) September 30, 2016If you re any good at math, that s not even close. Not even remotely close. Hillary got well more than half of those polled saying that she definitively won, while Trump probably held onto the few who were going to say that he won no matter what.The bar is set so incredibly low for Trump, too. If he kept his pants on, those 21% pulling for Trump were still going to say that he won. So, for Hillary to sweep up this debate as a win in her column with even Fox News viewers, well, that s bad news for Trump and his floundering campaign.It will be interesting to see how he behaves in the next debate to try to sway viewers.Featured Photo by Drew Angerer/Getty Images, Twitter",0
4419, CREEPY: Trump Promised Teenage Ivanka He’d Never Date Anyone Younger Than She Is (AUDIO),"Donald Trump s relationship with his daughter Ivanka has definitely raised a few eyebrows. It s bad enough that all of his wives   including his current wife, Melania   have been a couple of decades younger than he is. What is more disturbing is the fact that he seems to have the hots for his daughter. Well, this troubling notion is even more eyebrow-raising when you consider an interview Trump did with radio host Howard Stern in 1999.Apparently, Trump and Stern were discussing the women they like to date, and Trump mentioned that he had promised his daughter Ivanka, who was seventeen at the time, that he would not date anyone younger than she was. Even crazier is the fact that the age of consent in the state of New York is seventeen years of age, so, essentially, all Trump, who was 53 at the time, was promising to do is not to commit rape. One could argue all day long regarding statutory rape laws and their fairness,  but no 17-year-old girl is going to want to do anything like that with a 53-year-old man unless she was shamed, guilted, bullied, or forced into it. End of story.Trump said to Stern: I have a deal with her. She s 17 and doing great   Ivanka. She made me promise, swear to her that I would never date a girl younger than her. So as she grows older, the field is getting very limited. Stern, who sounded taken aback, made an awkward joke in response: The nerve of her. Now you can t go out with 16-year-olds. Indeed. Needless to say, these comments simply continue the narrative that Trump has an unhealthy affinity for girls that are far too young for him, and this conversation seems to suggest that if he could get away with it, he d date and have sex with underage girls. Is this the sort of man we really want in the White House?Listen to the audio below, via the New York Daily News:[ad3media campaign= 977 ]Featured image via screen capture from Twitter",0
4420," Hillary’s Response To Trump’s Late Night, Fat-Shaming Tantrum Is Absolutely MAGNIFICENT (TWEETS)","Donald Trump is a jerk. There s no sugar-coating it. He s a bully, and he s proven that fact over and over and over again. His activities early Friday morning were no different.Trump took to Twitter in yet another Twitter tantrum going after both Hillary Clinton and former Miss Universe Alicia Machado. Machado, of course, being the woman he s continually fat-shamed even to this day.Trump tweeted out:Wow, Crooked Hillary was duped and used by my worst Miss U. Hillary floated her as an ""angel"" without checking her past, which is terrible!  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) September 30, 2016Using Alicia M in the debate as a paragon of virtue just shows that Crooked Hillary suffers from BAD JUDGEMENT! Hillary was set up by a con.  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) September 30, 2016Did Crooked Hillary help disgusting (check out sex tape and past) Alicia M become a U.S. citizen so she could use her in the debate?  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) September 30, 2016Remember, don't believe ""sources said"" by the VERY dishonest media. If they don't name the sources, the sources don't exist.  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) September 30, 2016Actually, it would seem Trump s  sources  don t exist according to a Snopes article debunking his claim of a  sex tape.  And as far as going after any woman for risque photos, he s really not the guy to do that seeing as who is he currently married to. Just saying.Hillary, not about to take this hissy fit lightly, decided to be the grown up in this election. You know, the one not asking people to look at sex tapes, and tweeted out her own series of statements regarding this very topic and beyond.This is unhinged, even for Trump. A few notes. https://t.co/WURWs6aJ5f  Hillary Clinton (@HillaryClinton) September 30, 2016What kind of man stays up all night to smear a woman with lies and conspiracy theories?  Hillary Clinton (@HillaryClinton) September 30, 2016Alicia deserves praise for courageously standing up to Trump's attacks. And he has the gall to blame her and say he ""helped""?  Hillary Clinton (@HillaryClinton) September 30, 2016When something gets under Donald's thin skin, he lashes out and can't let go. This is dangerous for a president.  Hillary Clinton (@HillaryClinton) September 30, 2016To Donald, women like Alicia are only as valuable as his personal opinion about their looks. https://t.co/OZv8yg8vjZ pic.twitter.com/PZWmPcORBR  Hillary Clinton (@HillaryClinton) September 30, 2016Trump obsessively bullies Rosie O'Donnell an accomplished actor. He insulted Kim Kardashian for her weight when she was pregnant. Pathetic.  Hillary Clinton (@HillaryClinton) September 30, 2016We've heard Donald's insults for years, and his policies reflect this disregard even contempt for women.  Hillary Clinton (@HillaryClinton) September 30, 2016Trump on equal pay: ""Do as good a job"" as men.Abortion? Should be ""punished.""Pregnancy? An ""inconvenience.""Wives working? ""Dangerous.""  Hillary Clinton (@HillaryClinton) September 30, 2016Hillary is absolutely correct. Donald Trump despises the thought of women being not only more powerful than him but just in general if they do not fit his standard of existence.If you want my take on the whole thing, this about sums it up:This pretty much sums it up  VOTE BLUE pic.twitter.com/diYSJixHIf  Sarah Wood (@SarahWoodwriter) May 5, 2016Featured Photos by Spencer Platt, Justin Sullivan/Getty Images",0
4421, WATCH: Joe Biden Gives DEVASTATING Critique Of Trump’s Debate Performance,"On Thursday night, Vice President Joe Biden joined host Jimmy Fallon on the Tonight Show for the very first time, and he did not disappoint.Biden was his usual charming self, and he continued to captivate the audience throughout the interview, even as he took on a more serious tone when Fallon asked him if he watched the debate between Donald Trump and Hillary Clinton on Monday night. Biden admitted that he had watched, and was baffled that Trump had even been able to make it as far as the debate stage.Fallon also asked Biden about the constant fact-checking that was required whenever Trump opened his mouth, and Biden made the audience erupt in laughter as he said: I ve never quite seen anything like that. I ve never seen anybody who knew as few facts. Biden then brought up his own debate against Sarah Palin, which had taken place eight years ago, before going right back to critiquing Trump s pathetic debate performance and character. In particular, Biden called out the shocking moment that Trump said he was  smart  for not paying his federal income taxes like the rest of Americans, and advised that it was nothing to brag about.Biden, much like his boss President Barack Obama, is widely loved and respected by the American people, so his criticism is especially damaging to Trump. Americans should take note when Biden says Trump has caused a lot of worry and tension for America s allies, and is putting the reputation of our country in jeopardy. Biden said: I ve never known of a candidate who knows as little about the world as this man does. I don t even think he understands how much damage he does by what he already said. Biden s right   Trump is absolutely clueless and it couldn t have been more obvious after he had to go up against Clinton on Monday. You can watch Biden slam Trump below:[ad3media campaign= 965 ]Featured image via screen capture",0
4422," Trump’s Sexist Overnight Tweet Storm Was So Offensive, One Of His Top Advisers QUIT (VIDEO)","Like millions of Americans, Donald Trump appears to suffer from insomnia, especially when things are going horribly wrong for his campaign. Trump obviously didn t get much sleep Thursday night/Friday morning, since he was up at least half the night insulting the media, Hillary Clinton and slut shaming former Miss Universe, Alicia Machado. All of this is proving too much for Trump s senior press person, Healy Baumgardner, who quit.Trump started the early morning off with an attack on the media.Anytime you see a story about me or my campaign saying  sources said,  DO NOT believe it. There are no sources, they are just made up lies!  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) September 30, 2016Then, instead of apologizing for fat shaming Machado, as he has continuously done since the debate, Trump doubled down into slut shaming.Wow, Crooked Hillary was duped and used by my worst Miss U. Hillary floated her as an  angel  without checking her past, which is terrible!  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) September 30, 2016Using Alicia M in the debate as a paragon of virtue just shows that Crooked Hillary suffers from BAD JUDGEMENT! Hillary was set up by a con.  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) September 30, 2016What is this past, you ask? Well, according to Trump, there s a sex tape:Did Crooked Hillary help disgusting (check out sex tape and past) Alicia M become a U.S. citizen so she could use her in the debate?  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) September 30, 2016All of that proved too much for Trump s now former senior press rep, Healy Baumgardner, who just a month or so ago, was defending Trump s insults:Still, this latest round proved to be too much for Baumbardner, who resigned, saying,  It is clear the campaign is now going in a direction I am no longer comfortable with and I have decided to move on. Source: PoliticoNot that it s a huge loss for the Trump campaign. Baumgardner was hardly the sharpest tool:[ad3media campaign= 972 ]Apparently, though, she was smart enough to read the writing on the wall. Trump is in a real hole with women and his constant fat shaming is not helping.Featured image via Spencer Platt/Getty Images.",0
4423, The Star Trek Franchise Mobilizes Against Donald Trump For A Brighter Future,"Star Trek opposes Donald Trump for obvious reasons.In a lot of ways, Star Trek has predicted the future of Earth and humankind. Technologically, Star Trek has inspired many of the inventions we take for granted today such as cell phones, tablets, and laptop computers. Currently, scientists are working on developing transporters, tractor beams, and other tech found in the Trek universe.But the vision of Star Trek is a Utopian future where war, disease, hate, hunger, and sexism no longer exist and the only thing people work for is to better themselves because money is unnecessary. The nations of Earth are united and so we set out into the wider universe in search of new life and new civilizations to join us.But Donald Trump has no interest in creating a better future designed to help and unite all humans. If elected to the presidency, Trump will slam the brakes on progress and take us back to an era before Star Trek was even an idea. And that is so scary that the casts and crews across the various Star Trek series are uniting against Trump and urging people to vote for Hillary Clinton if we want to continue the path toward a brighter and more hopeful future. Star Trek has always offered a positive vision of the future, a vision of hope and optimism, and most importantly, a vision of inclusion, where people of all races are accorded equal respect and dignity, where individual beliefs and lifestyles are respected so long as they pose no threat to others,  the group Trek Against Trump wrote on Facebook.We cannot turn our backs on what is happening in the upcoming election. Never has there been a presidential candidate who stands in such complete opposition to the ideals of the Star Trek universe as Donald Trump. His election would take this country backward, perhaps disastrously. We need to elect a president who will move this country forward into the kind of future we all dream of: where personal differences are understood and accepted, where science overrules superstition, where people work together instead of against each other.The resolution of conflicts on Star Trek was never easy. Don t remain aloof  vote! We have heard people say they will vote Green or Libertarian or not at all because the two major candidates are equally flawed. That is both illogical and inaccurate. Either Secretary Clinton or Mr. Trump will occupy the White House. One is an amateur with a contemptuous ignorance of national laws and international realities, while the other has devoted her life to public service, and has deep and valuable experience with the proven ability to work with Congress to pass desperately needed legislation. If, as some say, the government is broken, a protest vote will not fix it. Do this not merely for yourself but for all the generations that follow,  the post concludes.  Vote for a future of enlightenment and inclusion, a future that will someday lead us to the stars. Those who signed the statement include George Takei, Walter Koenig, and the families of Leonard Nimoy and Jimmy Doohan of the original series, Jonathan Frakes, Wil Wheaton, and Brent Spiner of The Next Generation, Kate Mulgrew, Robert Picardo, and Tim Russ of Voyager, Scott Bakula, Dominic Keating and Connor Trinneer of Enterprise, Ren  Auberjonois and Armin Shimmerman of Deep Space Nine, and Chris Pine Zachary Quinto, and Zoe Saldana from the new Star Trek film series. Along with many other Trek actors, the signatories also include writers, directors, and the son of Star Trek creator Gene Roddenberry.Here s the full post via Facebook:Star Trek is the idea of the future we all want to believe can be reality one day. But letting Trump become president would be a major setback for that dream. We need a president who will boldly take America into the future, not a coward who fears it.Featured image via Wikimedia",0
4424, Here’s How The Trump Campaign Can Still Win And Why They Probably Won’t,"Dubbed the  missing white voters,  Nate Silver s FiveThirtyEight wrote an in depth analysis of what Donald Trump needs to do in order to win: Register between 5 to 47 million white voters starting now until election day.Here s a scary stat for Democrats: In 2012, President Obama won re-election by almost 5 million votes, but about 47 million eligible white voters without a college degree   including 24 million men   didn t bother to vote. In 2016, these nonvoters are part of the demographic that is most strongly in favor of Donald Trump.If Trump rouses even a fraction of these notoriously disaffected Americans   like this grease-smudged, 61-year-old first-time voter in western Pennsylvania   he could surge to victory. There s just one catch: If we re on the cusp of a blue-collar Great Awakening, it s not yet showing up in the registration data.In other words, Trump has all this support from this major demographic that could deliver him to a landslide victory   but they aren t registered. These  missing  white voters are literally the key to Donald Trump s success, and they hold the key to the swing state vote:If Trump were able to activate merely one of every eight of these  missing whites  to vote for him, he would wipe out Obama s 2012 margins in three states   Florida, Ohio and Pennsylvania   and win both the Electoral College and the popular vote. If he were able to activate one of every five, he could add Virginia, Nevada, Iowa and New Hampshire.So, in order to merely  catch up  to President Obama, Trump needs to register at least 5 million more people. Considering registration among nonwhite voters (who overwhelmingly favor Hillary Clinton) is up in battleground states like Pennsylvania and North Carolina (compared to white registrants), and Clinton is gaining with white women, Trump has even more to go.If Trump hopes to overtake Obama s numbers in the crucial swing states, he better hurry up.The voting registration deadlines in Florida, Pennsylvania and Ohio are on October 11, less than two weeks away. In less than three weeks, Virginia and Nevada will reach their deadlines, October 18.Here are the dates of individual state deadlines.In other words, the Trump campaign has 18 days to register at least 5 million white voters in 5 swing states, which translates to 277,777 voters a day.Considering his horrendous excuse for a ground game, that won t be an easy feat.As of right now, Democrats have the upper hand in Pennsylvania and Virginia, where metropolitan, non-white registrants are trouncing rural whites.FiveThirtyEight finds that Trump s shoddy ground game, mixed with laziness enabled by the RNC, hurt his chances greatly:So what s going on? It could be that Trump is motivating slightly more new voters against him than for him. Or, perhaps more likely, it could be that white working class voters are out there to be activated, but Trump s campaign and the Republican National Committee have waited until too late to build the analytics and ground infrastructure necessary to identify and register them. That s where Clinton and the Democrats have excelled.So with less than three weeks to go until more than half the states end the registration process, the Trump campaign has already hit a wall (no pun intended). Democrats shouldn t get too excited. The chances that a massive voter turnout on election day could propel Trump to the presidency is a possibility. Democrats need to keep up their registration efforts, and launch a Get Out the Vote movement of equal or better proportions.Featured image via Spencer Platt/Getty Images",0
4425, The Phoenix Police Department Just Sent Trump A Cease-And-Desist Letter — They’re Furious (VIDEO),"The Phoenix, Arizona police department is not at all happy with Donald Trump after the GOP presidential nominee aired an ad implying they were endorsing him. They weren t and now the police department wants the ad taken off the air.The ad includes a short clip of Trump being surrounded by Phoenix police. He was seen shaking hands with one. While the ad didn t specifically say that the Phoenix PD was endorsing Trump, it was a implied and for that, the Phoenix Police Department sent Trump a cease and desist letter demanding the ad be taken down. Phoenix has not approved and will not approve the creation or use of any media bearing the faces and likenesses of its on-duty police officers in any political advertisement for any political candidate,  (City Attorney Brad) Holm wrote in the letter.  The officers were unaware they were photographed and videotaped, and they did not consent to the use of their on-duty images in any Trump (or any other) campaign advertisement. Source: ABC 15Holm went on to say that Trump, in his ad,  unmistakably and wrongfully  implied the city and its police officers endorsed Trump. Not only that, the inclusion of the uniforms violates, according to Holm, copyright laws. As owner of this intellectual property, the City of Phoenix hereby orders the Trump campaign to immediately cease and desist from your unauthorized use of Phoenix Police Department uniforms, bird emblem, police badge, police insignia patch, and all other imagery of official City of Phoenix materials and on-duty employees,  Holm wrote.Here s the ad. The brief and objectionable moment comes at the :22 mark.There seems to be a bizarre war going on in normally very red Arizona. Even before the Phoenix police balked at Trump s campaign ad, the Arizona Republic newspaper gave a rousing endorsement of Hillary Clinton and a thorough takedown of Donald Trump. Trump is asking his followers to cancel their subscription to the Arizona Republic and to the other papers that are lining up against the dangerous presidential candidate.The people are really smart in cancelling subscriptions to the Dallas & Arizona papers & now USA Today will lose readers! The people get it!  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) September 30, 2016His supporters, of course, are going even further. The paper has been receiving death threats. You have to wonder if the police department will also receive death threats, or just its lawyer.Featured image via Mark Wilson/Getty Images",0
4426, The Alicia Machado ‘Sex Tape’ Trump Just Tried To Shame Hillary Over Doesn’t Even Exist,"Just hours after Trump told millions of voters to watch Alicia Machado s sex tape, it turns out no such tape exists, and the woman in the said  tape  is a pornographic actress who has a resemblance to the former Miss Universe contestant.That s quite a candidate you got there, Republicans.In a bizarre early morning Twitter tirade, the Republican nominee for president slammed  disgusting  Alicia Machado, accusing the Clinton camp of expediting her immigration process so she could help her in a debate:Did Crooked Hillary help disgusting (check out sex tape and past) Alicia M become a U.S. citizen so she could use her in the debate?  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) September 30, 2016Shortly after Clinton brought up Muchado in the first presidential debate, websites (with no credibility) began circulating a claim that Muchado was a pornographic actress:Former Miss Universe winner Alicia Machado, who has been campaigning against Republican nominee Donald Trump for the Hillary Clinton campaign, has appeared in pornographic videos.Snippets of an adult film starring Machado are available on multiple free porn websites. Machado also appeared topless in Mexican Playboy in 2006 and 2012. Hillary Clinton invoked the 1996 Miss Universe winner in an attack on Trump during Monday s debate.While it is true Machado posed nude for Playboy magazine, the notion that Machado is a pornographic actress or has a sex tape (that can be viewed by the public) is a completely bogus rumor that has been circulating the internet for years. The only thing that could even come close to a  sex tape  is low quality footage from a Spanish reality television program La Granja, in which Machado was kicked off for reportedly having sexual relations with a cast member. The act was caught on a grainy night vision camera from the studio that run 24/7.And Trump was stupid enough to believe internet rumors   kind of like how he believes the National Enquirer.According to Snopes, which looked into the claim:In 2009, a video clip purportedly showing the former Miss Universe winner engaging in anal sex was circulated online, and that is the clip that now most frequently shows up in response to web searches on the phrase  Alicia Machado porn..  However, the woman seen in that video is not Alicia Machado   the clip was taken from the 2004 DVD Apprentass 4, which features porn actress Angel Dark, and was later retitled to suggest it showed Alicia Machado.Good job, Trump! You just asked 320 million Americans to watch Angel Dark have sex in a movie that bears a resemblance to your TV show s name.I can t wait to see how Republicans defend this one.Remember when a presidential candidate attempted to slut-shame someone, and told people to watch a  sex tape  (which doesn t exist) because he got his feelings hurt after being called out?Featured image via Spencer Platt/Getty Images",0
4427," Trump Comes Unglued, Continues Miss Universe Feud With INSANE Early Morning Twitter Rant","Donald Trump s team keeps trying to make the public think that he is somehow not a total toddler that they want to give the nuclear codes to. However, he is making their job very hard. That continued Friday morning, as he began airing his grievances regarding Alicia Machado, the former Miss Universe who he publicly shamed for gaining weight after winning (and still has done all week as she tried to warn Americans just what Donald Trump is like).Never one to be able to let anything go, Trump got up early Friday morning before most people were even awake, and went on an unhinged rant on Twitter. You d think by now that his team would know to take his phone each night at bedtime so he can t do this, but I digress. Without further ado, here is the madness:Anytime you see a story about me or my campaign saying ""sources said,"" DO NOT believe it. There are no sources, they are just made up lies!  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) September 30, 2016Wow, Crooked Hillary was duped and used by my worst Miss U. Hillary floated her as an ""angel"" without checking her past, which is terrible!  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) September 30, 2016Using Alicia M in the debate as a paragon of virtue just shows that Crooked Hillary suffers from BAD JUDGEMENT! Hillary was set up by a con.  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) September 30, 2016Did Crooked Hillary help disgusting (check out sex tape and past) Alicia M become a U.S. citizen so she could use her in the debate?  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) September 30, 2016So, we have a presidential candidate who has so little self control that he has spent a week now shrieking over a beauty queen s weight. Further, he is literally tweeting about her sex tape (which doesn t exist) in the middle of the night. He literally can t help himself.If you think this will help you with women, Donny, you got another thought coming. Women HATE this kind of stuff. Further, the more you keep this up, the more people who realize what an absolutely disgusting, sexist pig you are.Go ahead, pick up the shovel and keep digging.Featured image via Joe Raedle/Getty Images",0
4428," USA Today BREAKS Neutrality, Begs Readers Not To Vote For Trump","In an unusual and shocking move, the editorial board of USA Today did something no one say coming: for the first time in their 34-year history, they broke their rule of neutrality, and blasted Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump.Never before taking any side   let alone taking a position of any sort   the board labeled Trump a danger to America, writing that his  erratic,   ill-equipped  personality (as well as his  checkered  business past) disqualify him from the presidency.Writing not in support of Clinton but rather in sheer resentment of Trump, the board blasted the nominee for his unconventional and downright  prejudiced  ways:This year, the choice isn t between two capable major party nominees who happen to have significant ideological differences. This year, one of the candidates   Republican nominee Donald Trump   is, by unanimous consensus of the Editorial Board, unfit for the presidency   He has demonstrated repeatedly that he lacks the temperament, knowledge, steadiness and honesty that America needs from its presidents.The board called on voters   much like Ted Cruz did at the RNC   to vote their conscience and follow their convictions, asking them to  resist the siren song of a dangerous demagogue,  and  by all means vote, just not for Donald Trump. One of the biggest reasons for the plea of deflection is due in part to Trump s misguided and dangerous view of the world, from his blunders on NATO to his high regard for Vladimir Putin.Trump s foreign policy pronouncements typically range from uninformed to incoherent. It s not just Democrats who say this. Scores of Republican national security leaders have signed an extraordinary open letter calling Trump s foreign policy vision  wildly inconsistent and unmoored in principle.  In a Wall Street Journal column this month, Robert Gates, the highly respected former Defense secretary who served presidents of both parties over a half-century, described Trump as  beyond repair. The stinging rebuke comes just days after Vice Presidential candidate Mike Pence penned an op-ed in the newspaper outlining why voters should choose Trump and himself.Talk about great timing.USA Today s half endorsement, half non-endorsement follows a slew of newspaper who are famously bucking Donald Trump (and instead endorsing Clinton). USA Today s editorial board expressed deep concerns for Hillary Clinton, citing her emails, her candor, and issues with her entitlement.Nonetheless, the board sent a strong message in an age of neutrality: the stakes could not be higher, and we as a nation cannot take a risk with Donald Trump in the White House.Much like the onslaught received by the Arizona Republic, USA Today is sure to feel the wrath of Trump supporters in the coming days. However, a poll on the paper s website asks readers if they agree with the board s decision or not. Out of almost nine thousand votes (so far), 85 percent agree.That s a good start.Good for the USA Today editorial board   they have a backbone, and it s about time those in the media stand up to the racist, fear mongering bully that is Donald J. Trump.Featured image via Joe Readle/Getty Images",0
4429, BOMBSHELL: The Trump Foundation Cannot Legally Raise Money,"Trump loves to brag about his foundation while simultaneously ripping the Clinton foundation, because he s Donald Trump and Donald Trump has the best of everything. Except the Trump Foundation never went and got the certification the State of New York requires for non-profit organizations to solicit money from donors. That could actually shut the foundation down.Any charity that s based in New York, and solicits more than $25,000 per year, must get special registration, and must also submit to strict and severe annual audits. These audits that ask whether the organization spent any money on behalf of its officers, which is something Trump does with abandon.Trump is already in trouble for using funds from the foundation to pay off more than $250,000 in personal lawsuits. He also used foundation money to advertise his hotels, and to buy portraits of himself. This is known as  self-dealing,  and it is illegal. But legalities are just details to Trump. They don t matter as long as he gets what he wants.The Trump Foundation is also in trouble with the IRS, which fined the Trump Foundation $2,500 for donating to Florida Attorney General Pam Bondi s re-election campaign at the same time she was considering investigating the scam known as Trump University. Whatever he says, he was trying to buy her off and we all know it.In other words, the foundation is in water that s so hot it ll reach its boiling point soon. Then what happens? If New York Attorney General Eric Schneiderman finds that the Trump Foundation illegally raised money, he can order them to stop doing so immediately.Schneiderman could also get a court to order the foundation to return the money it s raised. That could potentially bankrupt it.Trump s campaign manager, Kellyanne Conway, said recently that the foundation s money is Trump s while she was trying to blow up Trump s amazing generosity. When she was corrected, she said that the foundation s money comes from Trump. It doesn t. Trump hasn t donated much to his own foundation since 2008. The vast majority of the money   far more than $25,000 per year comes from outside donors.And it s illegal. Trump s sins are coming back to bite him just in time for November.Featured image by Ethan Miller/Getty Images",0
4430, Trump Will HATE This Mexican Magazine For Unmasking Him On Their Cover (IMAGE),"Mexico does not like Donald Trump, and for good reason. He s accused their people of being rapists and killers, said that the country is deliberately sending their trash up to us to deal with, and we all know about the wall he wants to force Mexico to pay for. One Mexican literary magazine, called Letras Libres, decided to illustrate what they think of Trump after all of this. Their October issue features him on the cover, and it s not in a flattering light:En nuestro n mero de octubre: pic.twitter.com/xhMFnU9ttR  Letras Libres (@Letras_Libres) September 28, 2016That  stache is reminiscent of Hitler s mustache and reads  fascista Americana,  or,  American fascist. Suffice it to say, the editors at Letras Libres aren t thrilled with Trump, either.One expert on the history of fascism said that Trump s nonstop, offensive ethnic stereotyping, and his fear-the-foreigners rhetoric are textbook fascism. Mexico is a foreign country. Their people are foreigners, and Trump likes to claim they re stealing our jobs, both inside and outside our borders. He hates them and he wants us to hate them.His ability to convince his loyal subjects that the country is in serious decline, when it isn t, is likewise textbook fascism. He s got the entire world worried, confused as to how he could even have gotten this far in a U.S. election cycle, and just generally pissed the hell off.One thing he did recently was complain that Mexico forces us to pay a tax to sell products there, but they can sell their products here without paying the same tax. Mexico has a value-added tax that American companies must pay when they sell products there, but Mexican companies have to pay that same tax to sell in their own country, even though they don t have to pay it here. Our companies don t pay it here either.Trump listed that as one of his millions of reasons that NAFTA is needs to be torn up. Trump doesn t know what he s talking about. But that is, in fact, just another claim that Mexico is stealing from us, and must be stopped.In other words, Letras Libres sees Trump for what he is. He may not quite be Hitler or Mussolini (yet, mostly because he s not in charge yet), but he s definitely got a very strong fascist streak.Featured image by Win McNamee/Getty Images",0
4431, Trump Goes DISGUSTINGLY Low With Assault On Hillary’s Family (VIDEO),"During the first presidential debate, Donald Trump threatened to attack Hillary Clinton with her husband s extramarital affairs. He has spent every day since bragging about how much credit he deserves for not pulling out Bill s infidelities as a weapon against his opponent.In an interview on Thursday, Trump said he  would have had the right  to take aim at the former president and his scandals for two reasons. First of all, said the GOP nominee, Hillary is a big meanie who has said  horrible and false things  about him. Second, Bill is fair game because he has been campaigning on his wife s behalf.Trump also tried to claim that the reason he chose to take such a high road is because Chelsea Clinton was sitting in the front row at the debate and he is such a classy, upstanding guy that he just couldn t bring himself to say those awful things in front of such a sweet young lady.When the reporter asked him why Bill s scandals reflected poorly on Hillary, since she wasn t the one who had actually done anything wrong, Trump s response was as disgusting as every other vile, misogynistic thing that comes out of his mouth. Well, you ll have to figure that out. I think it s pretty simple to figure that out,  Trump replied.Featured image via Spencer Platt/Getty Images",0
4432, Megyn Kelly SILENCES Trump’s Campaign Manager As She Pathetically Attempts To Defend Sexism (VIDEO),"While Megyn Kelly is a Fox News anchor, and she definitely toes the GOP line on most things, it s hard to deny that, when it comes to women and women s issues, Kelly is pretty spot-on about things. This never shines more than when she s talking about Donald Trump s misogyny. Trump s campaign manager is a woman, but when Kelly put the screws to her over that very issue, she can t even really formulate an answer.Kellyanne Conway, who regularly appears on Fox News to speak for Trump, appeared to try her best to downplay the blatantly sexist pig that is the Republican presidential candidate. She said that he d just made a couple of comments over the last 25 years, as if saying that women need to be treated like shit, that leaving his own wife on the tarmac for being five minutes late, and bashing Kelly herself over her questions about his sexism, is really just nothing.Kelly hit her back with: You know that s not true. You know. know he has repeatedly made comments about women, about their looks, about their size, their weight. Even in this campaign, talking about [former GOP presidential candidate] Carly Fiorina s face, retweeting a negative picture about Heidi Cruz s face, criticizing Hillary Clinton and her  look.  And, Kellyanne, this is an issue for him, is it not? All Conway could do in response was criticize Hillary s campaign and debate topics. Watch her never figure out how to answer Megyn Kelly s questions below:[ad3media campaign= 973 ]If all Kellyanne Conway can do is parrot Trump, she actually doesn t make a very good campaign manager because she flounders with questions she should be able to answer.Featured image via screen capture from embedded video",0
4433," BREAKING: Lawsuit Shows Trump Wanted To Fire, Replace ‘Unattractive’ Female Employees","While Donald Trump and Kellyanne Conway continue to boast about how uplifting and fair the billionaire mogul has been to his female employees (hiring, promotions, large salaries), court documents obtained from the Los Angeles Times paint a more sinister, misogynistic view into how Trump really felt about female employees.In other words, it highlights exactly the kind of person Trump is and just how he treats women.According to the court documents, Hayley Strozier, director of catering at the Trump National Golf Club in Rancho Palos Verdes, accused Trump of asking managers to fire  unattractive  waitresses and replacing them with  attractive  ones instead:I had witnessed Donald Trump tell managers many times while he was visiting the club that restaurant hostesses were  not pretty enough  and that they should be fired and replaced with more attractive women.Other court documents from 2012 document that Trump had asked Sue Kwiatkowski that his premises in Los Angeles should showcase only  attractive  women:Donald Trump always wanted good looking women working at the club. I know this because one time he took me aside and said,  I want you to get some good looking hostesses here. People like to see good looking people when they come in.  I and the other managers always tried to have our most attractive hostesses working when Mr. Trump was in town and going to be on the premises.In Donald Trump s America, a woman is not judged on her merit and ability to get the job done, but by her looks   and if she doesn t have the looks, she s out of a job. Because of Trump s ridiculous and sexist demands, managers were often forced to hire inexperienced, inept employees due to looks over the experienced, capable employees who didn t fit the mold of  attractive  enough.The outrage lies within one caveat: he only did this with female employees, not males. Either Trump thinks all men are drop-dead gorgeous or he really does have a blatant disregard for treating women with respect.And it s not like the ill deeds towards these women did not go unpunished. As part of a  broader labor relations lawsuit  (which includes other complaints than sexist mistreatment), Trump had to compensate:The bulk of the lawsuit was settled in 2013, when golf course management, without admitting any wrongdoing, agreed to pay $475,000 to employees who had complained about break policies. An employee s claim that she was fired after complaining about the company s treatment of women was settled separately; its terms remain confidential.If Trump really treated women with respect, why did he have to give hush money to a female employee who complained about ill-treatment of not just her, but women overall?Maybe someone should tell Kellyanne Conway before the next time she starts babbling on about how great he is.Featured image via Spencer Platt/Getty Images",0
4434, Wells Fargo CEO Gets Completely HUMILIATED In Must-Watch Hearing (VIDEO),"In the age of oligarchy and near pandemic outbreaks of affluenza, it is truly refreshing to see a member of the rich and powerful class be held accountable for their crimes against humanity. On Thursday, a House of Representatives hearing with Wells Fargo CEO John Stumpf provided the world with one of those rare and beautiful moments when a member of the bankster class was beaten into submission by our elected officials.During the hearing, which could be described a more of a verbal execution, Stumf was lambasted from all sides by those from the panel that he was brought before. Lawmakers such as  Rep. Mick Mulvaney, a Republican, chastised Stumpf for proving progressive Democrats correct in their goal to see stronger regulations be put in place within the banking industry.  To sit here and have to watch you essentially validate everything that the other side has said about you and your business and your industry, I don t know, for the last three or four generations, is extraordinarily disappointing to me,  Mulvaney said.  The damage that you have done to the market, to your industry, far exceed the damage that you ve done to your own business. Sean Duffy, another congressional Republican (even though he is a member of the GOP, he is an ally with Sen. Elizabeth Warren when it comes to certain financial industry reforms) perhaps provided one of the best moments in the hearing, where he forced Stumf to admit that his company had stolen from the American people. Stumpf tried to describe what Wells Fargo did in every single way he possibly could without using the word  steal.  That is, of course until Duffy laid into him. Was it theft?  Duffy asked. Pardon me?  Stumph responded. Was it theft? Did you steal?  Duffy pressed. Our people did not do what was right,  Stumpf said evading the word. My question is, did you steal? I want to make sure you and I are on the same page. Did Wells Fargo employees steal from a million to two million customers? Yes or no?   In some cases. They did. Yes,  Stumph finally admitted.Here s a clip:[ad3media campaign= 974 ]Don t think for a moment that Republicans were the only ones to hammer the CEO. Massachusetts Democratic Representative Mike Capuano offered the coldest words of the panel members to Stumph.  You think today is tough? When the prosecutors get a hold of you, you re going to have a lot of fun,  Capuano said.If the 2016 election has proven one thing, it s that the people of the United States are out for blood. This new wave of populism has manifested itself in horrifying ways on the right-wing, mostly in the form of Donald Trump s ascension as the GOP s presidential nominee. That being said, Congress needs to take a cue from the people and begin to work together to right the wrongs of banking and financial deregulation. Center Republicans and Democrats must join together with progressive lawmakers today. The bipartisanship witnessed within Thursday s hearing can be the start of a new movement within Congress. After all, as Mulvaney half-heartedly conceded   the actions of Wells Fargo have proven that progressives have been correct in their calls for new regulations in the banking industry for decades. Yesterday, I would have believed a unicorn sighting is more plausible than to hear those words. The bipartisanship witnessed within Thursday s hearing can be the start of a new movement within Congress. After all, as Mulvaney half-heartedly conceded   the actions of Wells Fargo have proven that progressives have been correct in their calls for new regulations in the banking industry for decades. Yesterday, I would have believed a unicorn sighting is more plausible than to hear those words. You can watch the full hearing below.Featured image via video screen capture",0
4435," The Ladies Of ‘The View’ Just STEAMROLLED Trump’s Campaign Manager, And It’s GLORIOUS (VIDEO)","It s not clear whether Donald Trump s campaign manager Kellyanne Conway thought she could go on The View and think she could get away with lying, but that definitely seemed to be what happened Thursday morning.While Trump still hasn t had the courage to appear on the morning talk show himself, Conway took the plunge and surrounded herself with five very opinionated ladies who haven t ever been known to hold back.Conway tried to sell the same tired lines she s been selling to cable news outlets all over the place, but the ladies weren t having it. Not. One. Bit.At one point, Whoopi Goldberg asked point blank: Where are his damn tax returns?! And when Conway tried to pathetically pivot, Goldberg didn t let up, saying: What is Donald Trump hiding by not releasing that information?  I want to know since every other president has had to do it, where are the tax returns? Then after more lies about Trump being audited, etc. Goldberg bluntly interrupts the poppycock and says: It s bull! And it is.This went on for a little longer, but Conway was left utterly steamrolled by the end of the interview, and deservedly so. She s representing one of the most unqualified and smarmy scam artists this country has ever seen and has no right to even think about becoming president. Yet, somehow, there he is, the smug orange ass and his band of merry morons.Watch it all unfold here:[ad3media campaign= 975 ]Featured image via video screen capture",0
4436, WATCH: Mika Brzezinski UNLOADS Fury Against Trump And His Buddies For Fat-Shaming Women,"The men of Morning Joe found Donald Trump s insults against women funny, but Mika Brzezinski shut them and their disgusting sexism down HARD.Joe Scarborough and Willy Geist had a laugh over Trump s interview with Bill O Reilly on Wednesday night and seemed to have no problem with him fat-shaming women just because they gain a little weight.Scarborough tried to excuse Trump s behavior as  just trying to help  while Geist called Trump the real  hero of this story. A sickened Mika then jumped in and took Trump to the woodshed on behalf of women everywhere. It s a beauty contest. You can t actually have any weight on your body for a beauty contest because that wouldn t be beautiful. Think about that. Geist then cracked that women shouldn t  put on 60 pounds  and attributed the  joke  to Newt Gingrich, a supporter of Trump and his campaign. Really?  Mika asked.  That s the pot! People like Donald Trump and Newt Gingrich and men can walk around just rotund as all get out,  Mika continued. And it s not an issue. But women, in order to be beautiful, you have to be 117 pounds. I m sorry. Can someone tell me what year we re in here? Is it 2016? I think we re back in the 70s with these hideous pageants   which, by the way we need to talk about at some point. Someone who runs beauty pageants   you have to think about how they think about women.Look at those beauty pageants. Look at them! Young women walking around in bikinis getting graded on how they look. I can t believe we still do these things.Do we want someone who ran beauty pageants? And still thinks it s okay to talk about gaining weight being a problem? Do we really want that person in the White House? Hiring women? I don t think he s going to hire women unless they re tens. In his view, which is 117 pounds and starving and covered in plastic. Indeed, these sexists think it s okay for them to gain weight but they think women should be held to certain standards. And that s why Trump is getting his ass handed to him by women right now in the polls.Joe Scarborough repeatedly tried to interrupt Mika and talk over her throughout her rant, which is something he probably took a lot of flack about later after the show.In the end, however, Mika got the last word and made it clear that Trump s treatment of women is not something to joke about. It s disgusting. It s perverted. It s a serious story. Stupid men. Here s the video via YouTube.Donald Trump s sexism should automatically disqualify him from seeking the presidency. Instead, Republican chose him as their leader and that demonstrated just how little they care about women, and if every woman in this country voted against Trump and the GOP every year, the party would go extinct.Featured Image: Screenshot",0
4437, Hillary-Haters Send Death Threats To Arizona Republic For Endorsing Clinton,"After 126 years of endorsing Republican candidates for President, the Arizona Republic decided that they could not, in good conscience, endorse Donald Trump. Arizona is a solid red state with a solid red and oftentimes nutty conservative government, and some of the people of the state are so angry with the Republic for endorsing Hillary that the paper has lost subscribers and is now receiving death threats.Phil Boas, who s in charge of the Republic s editorial page, said: Well, it s been crazy around here. We re getting a lot of reaction both locally and national. I don t believe true readers of the editorial page are surprised by all this at all, because over the past year we have been writing scathing, scalding articles about Donald Trump. There may be some  true readers  of the editorial page who are angry, but it s just as likely that these are primarily Trumpkins and others who hate Hillary with a passion, and are pissed off that  their  paper has betrayed them like this. Trumpkins are known for advocating violence against anyone who disagrees with their chosen god, and Trump himself eggs them on.Trumpkins sent death threats to delegates who didn t want to support Trump at the RNC. The chairman of Colorado s Republican Party was told to go kill himself, and to hide his family and pray he made it all the way to Cleveland. A Jewish writer for The Huffington Post got death threats and wishes after calling Trump out for an anti-Semitic tweet.Trump and his loyal subjects have normalized this kind of behavior. Unfortunately, this behavior can lead to domestic terrorism, and anyone who carries out these threats would be considered domestic terrorists.Boas, and the Republic, are rightfully concerned about Trump s strong desire to destroy the free press because he can t take criticism. It s also his misogyny, racism, lack of presidential temperament and lack of any real policy proposals that pushed the Republic to endorse Hillary. Boas says the paper is  feeling the weight of our history  during this election cycle.The Republic may have endorsed the GOP candidate had it been Marco Rubio or Jeb Bush   candidates that were actually respectful, respectable and, in comparison to Trump, responsible. But they didn t, so the Republic stands by its decision to endorse Hillary, along with many other papers that have broken with decades of tradition. Trump is too distasteful for them, and his fans are just as bad.Featured image by Justin Sullivan/Getty Images",0
4438, Neo-Nazis Are Flocking To Trump’s Campaign And Openly Bragging About It,"The Nazis see Donald Trump as their pathway back to power so they are joining his campaign in droves.It s not exactly a secret that white supremacists, including neo-Nazis and members of the KKK, are supportive of the Republican nominee. But this election is especially different because of how emboldened they are about Donald Trump.Nazis in this country have been on the fringe of our society for decades, which is where they belong. But Donald Trump is giving them the seat at the mainstream table that they have desperately desired and Republicans don t see any problem with that at all.And that s why these racists are not only able to openly volunteer for Trump campaign, they are able to openly brag about doing so and have no problem boasting about the goals they are trying to achieve. There s a connection   it isn t always policy   but a deep visceral, you could say emotional connection between the alt-right and his campaign,  white supremacist Richard Spencer told the Los Angeles Times. I think he does recognize that he has this alt-right army behind him. I think he also realizes if he backs down, if he stops being combative, he is in danger of losing that. Indeed, Donald Trump has embraced white supremacists by retweeting their accounts on his own Twitter feed and using rhetoric that appeals to them.In fact, despite his attempt to paint Democrats as the real racist fascists in this election, Trump is actually the candidate that white nationalists are drawn to. Virtually every alt-right Nazi I know is volunteering for the Trump campaign,  said white nationalist Andrew Anglin.David Duke, the former KKK leader who is running for the U.S. Senate in Louisiana, bragged to the Times that Trump is where he is because of white supremacists.  Trump happened because of us,  Duke said,  not the other way around. The fact that Donald Trump s doing so well, it proves that I m winning,  Duke continued.  I am winning. And if David Duke wins, it means the Nazis and the KKK win, too.So are we as Americans really prepared to let the Nazis take over the United States? Because if they do, they ll have control of the greatest military on the planet and we need to remember that when Hitler and the Nazis took power in Germany the first nation they conquered was their own and it resulted in concentration camps, indoctrination, loss of rights, and the eventual destruction of the entire nation. We can stop this new generation of Nazis from gaining power in the United States simply by making sure Trump loses by a landslide in November. If not, we may end up needing a coalition of nations to liberate us one day and that means World War III.Donald Trump and his white nationalist supporters need to be stopped before it is too late.Featured Image: Twitter",0
4439," REVEALED: Trump Illegally Violated Embargo Against Cuba, Putting Money In ‘Killer’ Fidel Castro’s Hands","The  law and order candidate  broke the law again.Donald Trump recently declared that he would reverse President Obama s deal with Cuba to reopen diplomatic relations between our two nations after 50 years. All of the concessions that Barack Obama has granted the Castro regime were done with executive order, which means the next president can reverse them,  Trump said earlier this month.  And that is what I will do unless the Castro regime meets our demands. Those demands include freeing political prisoners and expanding religious liberty.That s funny, because the Republican nominee certainly didn t give a shit about either of those things when he violated the United States embargo against Cuba back in 1998.A Newsweek investigation revealed:A company controlled by Donald Trump, the Republican nominee for president, secretly conducted business in Communist Cuba during Fidel Castro s presidency despite strict American trade bans that made such undertakings illegal, according to interviews with former Trump executives, internal company records and court filings.Trump s company spent a total of $68,000 for the trip to meet with government officials, bankers, and businessmen in order to gain a foothold on the island just in case the American government ended the embargo. But Trump broke the law and he tried to cover up his crime by funneling the money to a consulting firm and making it look like a charitable effort.In 1999, Trump traveled to Miami for the first day of his presidential run as the Reform Party candidate and hypocritically told the Cuban-American crowd that he would keep the embargo in place because any money spent there  goes to Fidel Castro. He s a murderer. He s a killer. He s a bad guy in every respect, and, frankly, the embargo must stand if for no other reason than, if it does stand, he will come down. And so, Donald Trump admitted that he gave $68,000 to  a murderer  and  a killer  who is  a bad guy in every respect. Now to make things clear, President Obama only reopened diplomatic relations with Cuba, which is within his executive power. The embargo is still in effect. But Republicans have whined about Obama s Cuba policy ever since.So what will they say about Trump s blatant violation of the embargo itself and the fact that he spent $68,000 on the trip, money that dictator Fidel Castro must have appreciated?If Republicans don t condemn Trump for this they will be committing hypocrisy at the highest level. It will make it clear for every American that they don t care about law and order as much as they care about power. Donald Trump broke the law and tried to make a deal with Fidel Castro s Cuba and he was merely a businessman. Just imagine what laws he could violate and get away with as president.Featured image via Spencer Platt / Getty Images",0
4440," Trump FURIOUS After Journalist Questions His Sexism, Stops Her In The Most DISGUSTING Way (VIDEO)","The insane thing about Donald Trump s horrific attitude toward women is that every time he is asked to defend himself, he only ends up validating the claims that he s a misogynist. His sexist, anti-woman views are so engrained in him that he honestly doesn t even know that he s proving everyone right   and a post-debate encounter between the business mogul and a female journalist displayed this perfectly.Alexi McCammond is an associate news editor for Bustle, and was covering Monday night s presidential debate at Hofstra University. While she was there, McCammond managed to get close to Trump and nab a very short, but very revealing interview with the Republican nominee himself. As she got closer to The Donald, McCammond started filming with her cell phone, stuck her hand out and asked Trump, How would you respond to young women who are nervous about voting for you? What happened next couldn t have been a better representation of how women will be treated under a Trump administration. This is what McCammond described: Trump then looked at me, grabbed my right wrist (which was the hand holding the phone), said,  Put that down,  and pushed my hand down. And luckily, there s video of that:When @realDonaldTrump grabs my wrist, tells me to  put that down  and pushes my phone away #Debates2016 pic.twitter.com/0puNWFfhwC  Alexi McCammond (@leximccammond) September 27, 2016While McCammond made it clear that she wasn t hurt (physically or emotionally) by Trump s actions, this was definitely an important moment   because even though Trump had tried not to answer her question, his actions certainly DID answer.McCammond posted this video on the night of the debate, but it is just now picking up steam   hopefully, women everywhere (and the people who care about them) take this into consideration when they head to the polls in November.Featured image via Spencer Platt / Getty Images",0
4441, This Senator Has The PERFECT Response To Trump’s Remarks About Former Beauty Queen’s Weight,"Anyone with a heart knows that Donald Trump s public humiliation of former Miss Universe Alicia Machado is simply beyond the pale. Trump called the poor girl  Miss Piggy,  and referred to her post-pageant weight gain as, quote,  a real problem.  Well, The Donald isn t that slim and trim himself, so those in glass houses and all that. He is getting a lot of richly deserved backlash to how he is treating this beautiful, intelligent woman, and we all know how Trump responds to criticism   he can t take it all, and he lashes out.Well, we can soon look for him to be taking nasty shots at Democratic Senator Claire McCaskill on Twitter, because she had an absolutely brilliant response to the Miss Universe flap. Sen. McCaskill tweeted out that maybe Trump should have daily weigh-ins, and also snuck in a sly shot that referenced his health, seeing as how he keeps taking cheap shots at Democratic nominee Hillary Clinton s health. Without further ado, here is the tweet:The D women Senators have talked & we're concerned about Donald's weight. Campaign stress? We think a public daily weigh-in is called for.  Claire McCaskill (@clairecmc) September 28, 2016This is sure to get under The Donald s notoriously thin skin. No way is he going to be able to let this go, and that will keep this unseemly story in the news cycle for days to come. Personal feuds are what Donald Trump trades in   whether it s attacking a Gold Star family who dares to criticize him, a judge whose rulings he doesn t like, or a minister who refused to let him use her pulpit to attack a political opponent   and they ve never done him any good in this election cycle.This particular personality trait is one of the more glaring demonstrations of what makes Donald Trump so manifestly unfit for the presidency. The more it s on display between now and election day, the better.Good going, Senator McCaskill! He ll definitely take the bait. All we have to do is pop our popcorn and wait.Featured image Grant Lamos IV/FilmMagic",0
4442, FACEPALM: Gary Johnson Has ‘Aleppo Moment’ – Can’t Name A Single World Leader He Respects (VIDEO),"Poor Gary Johnson. Poor, poor Gary Johnson. One thing is for sure, this man is not destined to be president. He managed to make a total ass out of himself yet again, in what he called an  Aleppo moment,  when he couldn t name a single world leader he respects. Not one.In an absolutely cringeworthy moment during Wednesday s Town Hall event, Johnson ensured that he will never sit behind the desk in the Oval Office. MSNBC s Chris Matthews asked the Libertarian candidate to  name one foreign leader that he respects or looks up to.  Well, that was enough to stump Johnson.Johnson sputtered and stammered, but he couldn t come up with anything. Not one single name. You gotta do this,  said Matthews.  Anywhere. Any continent. Canada, Mexico, Europe, over there, Asia, South America, Africa. Name a foreign leader that you respect. The presidential hopeful finally said,  I guess I m having an Aleppo moment.  The best Johnson could come up with was  the former president of Mexico.  But he couldn t say which one. But I m giving you the whole world,  Matthews said.  Anybody in the whole world you like. Anybody. Pick any leader. Johnson couldn t do it. This guy wants to be president of the United States, but he can t come up with the name of even one lone foreign leader that he respects? How much weed is this guy smoking? And here s the part that really gets me, somehow, millennials who vehemently supported Bernie Sanders, are so blinded by their irrational hatred of Hillary that they are planning to vote for this f*cking moron. It boggles the mind.Watch Gary Johnson have another  Aleppo moment  here:Gary Johnson had an ""Aleppo moment"" after @hardballchris asks who his favorite foreign leader is #JohnsonTownhall https://t.co/nRazpPL0q0  MSNBC (@MSNBC) September 28, 2016Featured image via video screen capture",0
4443, WATCH: ‘The View’ Rips Trump For Not Having The Balls To Apologize For His Sexism,"Donald Trump is in deep sh*t because he refuses to apologize for sexist remarks he made about a Miss Universe contestant.During the presidential debate on Monday night, the Republican nominee took serious flack for fat-shaming Miss Universe contestant Alicia Machado just because she didn t conform to Trump s beauty standards for women.Hillary Clinton took Trump to task, informing him that Machado has a name and is going to vote in this election as are millions of other women across the country who also don t appreciate how he has treated women.On Tuesday, after Trump continued to insult Machado on Fox & Friends, the ladies of The View discussed his remarks and refusal to apologize, and even conservative panelist Jedediah Bila was disgusted by his behavior. Now this guy doesn t know how to apologize it seems, because this happened a long time ago and everybody has a past and all of us have said things that maybe we sit and say  I regret it,  the Fox host began.  It s seems though he doesn t regret it, because the comment here, the only acceptable remark is,  You know what? That was a long time ago when I was a different man and I m sorry. I m deeply sorry that I said those things. But Trump didn t apologize just like he has never apologized for any of the offensive remarks he has made over the years. He couldn t even apologize for his birtherism. That shows character, there s a character flaw here,  Bila declared before slamming Trump s supporters for blaming everyone around Trump instead of holding Trump responsible for his own personal words and actions.  And everybody wants to blame his handlers and say,  Why isn t he being told,  and I say, you know what, you re a grown man running for president, you re responsible for what you said, and you re responsible for owning up. And I don t care who your handlers are   grow up and say,  I m sorry. Joy Behar also summed up Trump s message.  The message is  don t vote for me,  she said.Here s the video via ABC.Donald Trump is not presidential material. He has no courage and zero moral fiber. He thinks he can say whatever he wants without consequence and while that may be the case on a reality show this is the political arena he is in now. Women represent more than half of the electorate, which makes pissing them off a very bad idea if the GOP hopes to stave off extinction. But his big mouth could have even more serious repercussions.If Trump pops off at the wrong time to the wrong people he could seriously affect our relations with other nations, especially nations with which we have serious tensions to work out. Trump s big mouth could easily sabotage crucial diplomatic negotiations or piss someone off enough to break ties with us. We need international cooperation now more than ever, especially if we hope to defeat ISIS. Insulting countries we need will not help us.And since he can t even treat most people in this country with respect, how can we really expect him to actually respect other nations?Featured image via Drew Angerer/Getty Images",0
4444, Comrade Trump Pushes Conspiracy Theory From Russian Propaganda Site,"The ties between Donald Trump s presidential campaign and the regime of Russian leader Vladimir Putin have been extensive and troubling as they ve been revealed over the course of the campaign. Trump has repeatedly praised Putin, despite his invasion of Ukraine and his belligerent attitude on the international stage, including his support of Syrian dictator Assad.In exchange, Putin has also had nice words for Trump, and it is believed that Russia is backing hackers who have attacked  Democratic nominee Hillary Clinton and the Democratic Party.Now Trump has escalated the back and forth by promoting a delusional conspiracy theory that began on Russian propaganda websites. From CNN:Trump didn t cite a source to back up his claim, but the most recent report alleging this came from Sputnik News, a Russian state-owned news agency. Google search engine was suppressing the bad news about Hillary Clinton,  Trump said, apparently referring to Google searches during the first presidential debate on Monday night.Trump s remarks Wednesday night came two weeks after Sputnik News, a Russian government-controlled news agency, published a report claiming that Google search results are biased in Clinton s favor. Conservative news outlets, including Breitbart News, whose chairman became Trump s campaign CEO last month, linked to the report.Trump has surrounded his campaign with conspiracy theorists, including radio host Alex Jones, who is an ardent Trump supporter and who believes that the 9/11 terrorist attacks were an  inside job  executed by the U.S. government. Jones also believes that the children murdered at Sandy Hook Elementary were  crisis actors. There is no truth to Trump s claim about Google, and it is very possible he got the information from Jones, who has alleged that he is in phone contact with Trump.Trump s supporters ate up the claim, as a majority of them visit and believe the same propaganda false stories as their leader does.Featured image via Wikimedia Commons",0
4445, S.C. Sheriff’s Dept. Just Said Townville Shooting Isn’t Terrorism Because Everyone Is White (VIDEO),"A teen opened fire at an elementary school in Townville, S.C., wounding a teacher and two students after allegedly killing his father. The shooter is in custody, and the sheriff s department gave a brief press conference as per usual for shootings like this. However, when discussing whether this could be called terrorism, Captain Garland Major gave a frankly disgusting reason for why this couldn t be terrorism: The students were both white males. The teacher was a white female. The shooter is a white male. There is no racial undertone, no terrorism involved. Oh really. It s only terrorism when it s, who, Muslims? Brown people in general? Them, in other words? Whether a violent act is terrorism depends partly on the reason it was carried out, not who carried it out. This shooter was 14 years old with no known relationship to his victims. Was it terrorism? We don t know, but it s racist as all hell to say  they were white, so it s not terrorism. Watch below, via Crooks and Liars:The fact is that domestic terrorists in the U.S. tend to white men. They also tend to be right-wing extremists and they re a bigger threat than ISIS, according to law enforcement. For a white sheriff s deputy to claim this can t be terrorism because everyone involved is white is abhorrent in the extreme.Featured image via screen capture from embedded video",0
4446, Obama Has Harsh Words After Veto Override On 9/11 Bill: ‘It Was A Mistake’ (VIDEO),"President Obama had scathing words for the lawmakers who voted to overturn his presidential veto on a bill that will allow victims of terrorists to sue foreign nationals.The Justice Against Sponsors of Terrorism Act (JASTA) will allow the families of 9/11 victims to sue Saudi Arabia, the country where many of the terrorists were from. The bill passed Congress with a unanimous vote, but on Friday, Obama used his veto pen to strike the law down.However, the Senate voted 97-1 to overturn the president s veto and Congress voted in favor of the veto override 348-77, meaning the bill has now become law despite Obama s objections.This is the first time in Obama s presidency that lawmakers have voted to override his veto. According to White House Press Secretary Josh Earnest, it is the  single most embarrassing thing the Senate has done. Speaking to CNN s Jake Tapper, President Obama said their decision to override the veto  was a mistake. I think it was a mistake, and I understand why it happened. Obviously all of us still carry the scars and trauma of 9/11,  the president said, noting that there is a long list of resources available to help support the victims of this tragedy.Obama voiced his objections to the bill yet again, explaining that it will do away with sovereign immunity.  which win turn, put Americans abroad in danger of finding themselves facing private lawsuits in countries around the world. It s a dangerous precedent and it s an example why sometimes you have to do what s hard,  Obama said.  And frankly I wish Congress here had done what s hard. I didn t expect it, because if you re perceived as voting against 9/11 families right before an election, not surprisingly, that s a vote for people to take. But it would have been the right thing to do. Watch Obama respond to the veto override, here:Featured image via video screen capture",0
4447, Even His Allies Admit Hillary Won The Debate And Trump Is FREAKING OUT About It,"Unless you count online polls that Trump fans voted in multiple times to make it appear as if he won Monday s presidential debate, Donald Trump actually lost. Most pundits feel he lost, as did the focus groups used by several of the networks, as did scientific polls that were taken of people who watched the event. He lost, handily.Trump lost so badly that even his allies who want to see him elected President have been complaining to the media about his limp performance. And that has made Trump very very angry.In a conference call with surrogates Wednesday afternoon, Trump aides made clear the Republican nominee is upset that his allies publicly acknowledged they pushed him to change his preparation and tactics before his next bout with Hillary Clinton. And he wants them to stop it immediately.The message was  not subtle,  a source familiar with the call said.Trump wants his supporters to make an energetic defense of his performance and refuse to concede that he didn t nail it.In the world of Trump and his ego, admitting that you lost a battle is the worst thing, possibly even worse than actually losing the battle itself. For someone like Trump, who fancies himself an  alpha  male, an admission of humility or defeat is the worst possible scenario. In his eyes, anyone conceding that he underperformed is unacceptable, and even worse if you re in the Trump orbit.That is why Trump almost completely limits himself to media appearances on Fox News, where he won t ever seriously be challenged on even the most bizarre and untrue claims he makes in the campaign. Trump is inside a bubble, only speaking to those who agree with him and who want to suck up to him. He is being told time and time again by his hangers-on that he is doing everything just right. And he won t tolerate anybody who allows reality to intrude.Featured image via Flickr",0
4448, New Poll EMBARRASSES The Hell Out Of Trump – He Lost To More Than Hillary,"While Trump crows about all the unscientific, self-selecting online polls that were rigged by his followers, the scientific polls with credibility are telling a very different post-debate story. One particular poll, which NBC conducted starting from the end of the debate on Sept. 26 into Sept. 27, shows Trump did so poorly that more people said neither candidate won than said Trump won.According to that poll, 52 percent of likely voters said Hillary won. 21 percent said Trump won, and 26 percent said neither candidate won.Image via NBC NewsOuch. Ouch ouch ouch. For someone who was only able to speak for 38 percent of the time, compared to Trump s 62 percent (and constant  Just shut up because I am God  interruptions), poll numbers like that are pretty astonishing.It s about as bad as when candidates finish worse than  none of these candidates  at the ballot box. Basically, there is nobody except the Trumpkins who believes Trump did anything of value Monday night. Furthermore, just 26 percent of Republican respondents said that the debate changed their opinion of Trump for the better. That s a pretty sorry number compared to 50 percent of Democratic respondents saying their opinion of Hillary changed for the better.Some Republican lawmakers on Capitol Hill were disappointed in Trump and his performance, too. They wanted him to attack Hillary over the dead horse of an email scandal they re so sure makes her unfit to lead the country, and he didn t. Others, however, were frustrated with his inability to put forth succinct talking points: I wish that he d say something, stick with it, and then move on to something else instead of saying the same thing over and over and over,  [Arizona Rep. Matt] Salmon said in an interview Tuesday without giving specific examples.  It was just throughout the entire debate.' Anyone who tries to read a complete transcript of the debate will have the same frustration, if not worse. Trump literally cannot stick to the point, rambles on, talks in circles, etc., and Hillary wiped the floor with him in part because of that. The rest of it   well, she s eminently qualified and he isn t, and she proved it.The NBC poll was conducted online among a sample of 7,541 likely voters, culled from the 3 million adults who take surveys on SurveyMonkey every day. The margin of error is 1.6 percent, so Trump isn t even tied with  neither,  for second place. He finished dead last.Featured image by Drew Angerer/Getty Images",0
4449, RESULTS ARE IN: New Post-Debate Poll Shows MAJOR Swing In Very Key Demographic (VIDEO),"It s been a couple days since the first presidential debate, but the results are finally in, and it s not looking too great for one of the two candidates, especially in regards to the women vote.According to the new post-debate  NBC News/SurveyMonkey poll: Twenty-seven percent of likely women voters said the debate made them think worse of Trump. Meanwhile, nearly a third, or 30 percent, said their opinion of Clinton had improved, compared to 22 percent of men. Women were also far likelier to say Clinton won the debate, by a 10-point margin over men. It seems as if a lot of women are really put off by Donald Trump s temperament and not only how he treated Hillary Clinton during the debate, but women in general throughout his lifetime.One woman who was interviewed for the poll even admitted that she voted for Trump in the primary, but now is leaning towards Hillary Clinton.71-year-old Joan Hume of Fairfield, Ohio said: I m undecided, but I m leaning more towards Hillary than I ever have before because of the debate. Apparently, she wanted to see Washington shaken up, but she admitted: There s a side of him that s scary to me that I m seeing more of. I thought maybe he would change when he got the nomination, but he s getting worse. And while there are some women who apparently still think Trump is an acceptable choice despite his blatant misogyny and insults towards women, it s really not looking too great for the reality TV host considering if you want to win the White House, you need to win over women. And right now, it looks like Trump is losing while Hillary is gaining.The poll states this of independent women voters: Trump fared particularly poorly with independent women when they were asked if he has the  temperament and personality to serve.  Eighty percent of independent female voters said he does not. By contrast, independent women voters were more evenly split on Clinton s personality and temperament, with 51 percent saying she met the test for president. Yikes. That doesn t look so good for Mr. Trump.Here s the thing: Trump has a very, very long history of being absolutely horrible towards women, and the women who hadn t caught on yet are now finally starting to see the bigger picture. Chances are, more will jump ship to Clinton s side before November. At least if they re aware of the reality of the situation.Here s the take from MSNBC on the topic of women and Trump:Featured Photo by Spencer Platt/Getty Images",0
4450, Trump Advisers Explain Why He Didn’t Practice For Debate And It’s INSANE (TWEETS),"There were a lot of memorable moments where Donald Trump looked like a moron during the presidential debate on Monday, but one of the greatest was definitely when Hillary Clinton zinged him for being so unprepared. Her exact words were,  I think Donald just criticized me for preparing for this debate. And yes, I did. And you know what else I prepared for? I prepared to be president. If one thing was completely apparent during that debate, it s that Trump didn t invest any time in debate prep. And apparently, Trump s advisers have just confirmed that. According to The New York Times, several Trump advisers have come forward to say they d tried to get him to prepare for the debate, but Trump would get too bored and start talking about other things. The Times wrote: Mr. Trump s debate preparation was unconventional. Aides have introduced a podium and encouraged him to participate in mock debates, but he has not embraced them, focusing mostly on conversations and discussions with advisers. There were early efforts to run a more standard form of general election debate-prep camp, led by Roger Ailes, the ousted Fox News chief, at Mr. Trump s golf course in Bedminster, N.J. But Mr. Trump found it hard to focus during those meetings, according to multiple people briefed on the process who requested anonymity to discuss internal deliberations. TwitterTwitterTwitterTwitterTrump had apparently been so difficult to keep on track that Ailes abandoned the whole thing and instead began  discussing his own problems, as well as recounting political war stories, according to two people present for the sessions.  Basically,  prep  became a therapy session for Ailes because Trump doesn t have the ability to focus on more important things, like getting ready to lead a country.Trump s debate performance has been disappointing for his advisers, who say they spent time giving Trump responses to the attacks Clinton might make during the face-off. They d given him several talking points and suggestions, but Trump didn t use any of it   something that his advisers say hurt him tremendously.So there you have it, America. A man who wants to be President of the United States doesn t even have the attention span or interest to prepare for such a critical position. We all know how undeserving Trump is of the White House, but this news should scare you. Trump is a ticking time bomb that has no idea what he s doing   and he s not going to learn.Featured image via Spencer Platt / Getty Images",0
4451," Michelle Obama Reacts To Trump Still Being A Birther, And It’s All You Hoped For (VIDEO)","If there s one thing anyone needs to know about the First Family, it s don t f**k with Michelle Obama, and really don t go after her man. Which is a lesson Donald Trump has yet to learn.Responding to the debate and the topic of President Obama s birth certificate where Trump seemed rather proud of himself for Obama revealing it, even though he continued pressing the topic, Michelle Obama struck back.She said: There are those who question and continue to question for the past eight years, whether my husband was even born in this country. And let me say; hurtful, deceitful questions deliberately designed to undermine his presidency. Questions that can not be blamed on others or swept under the rug by an insincere sentence uttered at a press conference. Then, visibly angry and insulted, she says: Let me take a moment. She then continued: But during his time in office, I think Barack has answered this questions with the example he set and the dignity he s shown by going high when they go low. Which is exactly what the Obama s have always done because they are the epitome of class and grace that we should all aspire to be.Watch Michelle go after Trump here: Michelle Obama on birther claims: Pres. Obama showed dignity  by going high when they go low  https://t.co/vhFCCpkHBa  CNN (@CNN) September 28, 2016Featured image via video screen capture",0
4452, Sean Hannity Gets Chewed Out By Fox News For Citing Fake Polls To Support Trump,"Even Fox News is not pleased about Sean Hannity citing unscientific polls to claim that Donald Trump won the first debate with Hillary Clinton.Not long after the Republican nominee finished being clubbed by his Democratic opponent, the Fox News host was quick to use online polls as proof that Trump was victorious, even though such polls are often flooded by Internet users to skew the results in favor of one candidate or the other. I ll give you the list of polls,  Hannity crowed before listing Time Magazine, Drudge Report, CNBC, The Hill, and CBS as online polls that said Trump won. The only one that has Hillary winning is CNN and they re the Clinton News Network anyway,  Hannity complained.  CNN s poll had 500 respondents. These polls have thousands of respondents and CNN is the Clinton News Network. But all of these polls were online polls that are easy to manipulate and are simply inaccurate.And that why Fox News vice president of public-opinion research Dana Blanton sent out a memo calling out Hannity and other Fox hosts for using such polls . As most of the publications themselves clearly state, the sample obviously can t be representative of the electorate because they only reflect the views of those Internet users who have chosen to participate,  Blanton wrote. Another problem   we know some campaigns/groups of supporters encourage people to vote in online polls and flood the results. These quickie click items do not meet our editorial standards. News networks and other organizations go to great effort and rigor to conduct scientific polls   for good reason. They know quick vote items posted on the web are nonsense, not true measures of public opinion. Unfortunately, despite the fact that Fox News acknowledged that these polls are unscientific and should not be cited by their on-air personalities, Hannity and others apparently ignored the memo and continued touting them.Of course, it s pretty clear why Hannity would rather tout online polls. After all, a real scientific poll like one conducted by Public Policy Polling after the debate shows that most people surveyed said Clinton won the debate 51 percent compared with only 40 percent who said Trump won.In addition, the poll not only shows that Clinton won by a landslide among young voters, blacks, Latinos, and women, she beat Trump handily in more specific categories as well.By a 17 point margin, 55/38, voters say Clinton has the temperament to be President. On the other hand, by an 11 point margin, 42/53, voters say Trump does not have the temperament to be President. Among independents the gap is even wider- by a 56/36 spread they say Clinton has the temperament for the job, while by a 41/54 spread they say Trump does not.By an 11 point margin, 52/41, voters say Clinton is prepared to be President. On the other hand, by a 10 point margin, 42/52, voters say Trump is not prepared to be President.By a 21 point margin, 56/35, voters say they think Clinton can be trusted with nuclear weapons. On the other hand, by a 9 point margin, 42/51, voters say they think Trump can not be trusted with nuclear weapons.Once again, science proves that Hannity and Fox News are full of shit.Featured Image: Screenshot",0
4453, Andrea Tantaros Just Buried Fox News With Sworn Affidavit From A Professional Therapist,"Fox News needs to take Andrea Tantaros  sexual harassment lawsuit seriously because she refuses to back down.The conservative network has repeatedly belittled Tantaros and called her a liar ever since she slapped Fox News with a sexual harassment lawsuit naming Roger Ailes and Bill O Reilly.Tantaros has even dared her former Fox employers to take a lie detector test, even offering to take one herself because she has nothing to hide. But now Tantaros has some serious reinforcements who can back up her sexual harassment claims.As it turns out, the former host of Outnumbered was distraught enough about the demeaning working environment at Fox News that she saw a professional therapist starting in 2014 to deal with how she was constantly being treated by Fox bigwigs.Dr. Michele Berdy has now written a sworn affidavit confirming that Tantaros spoke with her about how Ailes would tell her to wear tighter dresses and how he would demand her to stand up and turn around so he could ogle her. Tantaros also told Berdy about Bill O Reilly s unwanted advances and how Fox PR chief Bill Shine ordered her to not file complaints about Ailes  behavior.Berdy wrote that after reading reports about Fox denying the claims, she reached out to Tantaros and gave her support. Over the course of many months (2014   2016), Andrea relayed to me on multiple occasions instances of Mr. Ailes s demeaning and overtly predatory behavior, as well as the abusive conduct of Fox News s public relations department,  Berdy wrote.Berdy confirmed that Tantaros spoke to her repeatedly about how she sought help from Bill Shine to make the harassment stop but he did nothing except basically tell Tantaros to just let it happen and allow Ailes to continue harassing her. In addition, Berdy confirmed Tantaros  claim that Ailes retaliated against her for refusing to comply with his sexual demands.Berdy also backed up Tantaros  story of how O Reilly approached her on multiple occasions to invite her to a private beach house, which he did because he had heard that she is  wild. Here are images of parts of the affidavit via Twitter.This is a pretty damning affidavit against Fox News, which has already had to make a pretty hefty payment to former host Gretchen Carlson over her own sexual harassment lawsuit against Ailes.The fact that Tantaros had to see a therapist to deal with the constant abuse at her workplace and that her complaints were documented long before she filed the lawsuit bring even more credibility and sympathy to her story.It s time for Fox News to clean house and fire the people who are responsible for covering for Ailes and it s time to fire anyone who sexually harassed female employees at the network, including Bill O Reilly and even Steve Doocy, whom Carlson named in her lawsuit.Fox News thinks they can bully Tantaros and make her lawsuit go away. But she isn t backing down and it s only getting worse for Fox the longer this lawsuit plays out.Featured image via Dangerous Minds ",0
4454," President Obama Rips Sexist, Fat Shaming Trump A New One (AUDIO)","Monday night s presidential debate showed a stark contrast between two personalities. One was calm and cool, even under stress and the other was a bloviating braggart who couldn t maintain his temper.On top of those  qualities,  Donald Trump is sexist and he proved it Monday night when Hillary Clinton brought up Trump s record of fat shaming a former Miss Universe. President Obama, as the father of two girls and the husband of a strong woman, was having none of that. One of the worst things he said was about a woman in a beauty contest   he loves beauty contests, supporting them and hanging around them   and he called this woman  Miss Piggy,  then he called her  Miss Housekeeping  because she was Latina,  Clinton said Monday toward the end of the debate, as she ran through a list of things Trump has said about women.  Donald, she has a name. Her name is Alicia Machado. And she has become a US citizen and you can bet she is going to vote this November. Trump didn t really have an answer for Clinton, but the next day, he took to the talk show circuit and he doubled down on the fat shaming. On Fox & Friends, the morning after the debate, Trump said about Machado: She was the worst we ever had. The worst,  Trump said.  The absolute worst. She was impossible,  he continued.  She was the winner and you know she gained a massive amount of weight. And it was a real problem. We had a real problem. Not only that her attitude. We had a real problem with her so Hillary went back into the years and she found this girl; this was many years ago, and found the girl and talked about her like she was Mother Teresa and it was not quite that way, but that s OK. Hillary has got to do what she has got to do. Source: AZ CentralPresident Obama had enough! He, like every American should be, was deeply offended at Trump s fat shaming. In a telephone interview with Steve Harvey on Wednesday, Obama said there s no way he wants that in the Oval Office: You had somebody who basically insulted women and then doubled down I think this morning in terms of how he talks about them and talks about their weight and talks about, you know, how they look instead of the content of their character and their capabilities,  Obama said,  which is not somebody that I want in the Oval Office. Here s the audio:One can only imagine that Trump would use a beauty pageant system to choose the women in his cabinet. Yes, Trump is too sexist to be President.Featured image of President Obama via Drew Angerer/Getty Images | Featured image of Donald Trump via Spencer Platt/Getty Images.",0
4455, Trump’s Deputy Campaign Manager Just Blamed Hillary For Bill’s Infidelities,"As Donald Trump continues to sink with female voters   including the crucial  white women with a college degree  who typically vote Republican   his campaign has decided that the best way to court these important voters the only way they know how: blame Hillary Clinton for Bill s infidelities.After failing to bring up the issue at the debate (in which Trump congratulated himself for not doing), surrogates like Rudy Giuliani told reporters Clinton was  stupid  for staying with Bill (because he has room to talk about cheating), and Trump hinted that in future debates the issue will come up.But it was Trump s deputy campaign manager, David Bossie, who had the most repugnant answer regarding Bill s decades old infidelities:I think that if you look at Hillary Clinton s background and if you look at her being an enabler, really, in the  90s and really attacking these women, it goes against everything that she now tries to spout as a candidate for president.So because Bill cheated that makes Hillary an enabler? Not leaving her husband in trying marital times somehow makes it all her fault and she should get the flack? Does that mean Ivana Trump was an enabler? Does that mean Marla Maples was an enabler? Who knows, maybe Melania is an enabler. Given Donald Trump s track record, it wouldn t be so far fetched to assume he s cheated on her already.And, my god, she attacked women who claimed to sleep with her husband while her husband was lying to her face? That never happens.David Bossie is what we would call a deplorable. His comments demonstrate a complete lack of sympathy, and an even deeper lack of political knowledge   women do not respond well to martial attacks. As RealClearPolitics writes, Donald Trump is still a long shot candidate for the White House. Why? Female voters do not trust him and he s losing with them, badly.What a great campaign strategy Bossie has: lose women at a record rate and then blame the first female candidate for her husband s cheating. That should go over real well with female voters, who already view Donald Trump as the sexist pig he is.Newsflash to Trump: having Kellyanne Conway, Katrina Pearson and Hope Hicks be the faces of your campaign won t save you when you have people like Bossie, Gingrich and Giuliani flapping their gums about marriage and infidelities.Featured image via Ben Jackson/Getty Images ",0
4456, Chelsea Handler Hilariously Trashes Trump’s Sons In Comparison To President Obama’s Daughters,"The prospect of President Obama and his family being replaced in the White House by Donald Trump and his family is a very depressing thought to millions of Americans, including comedian Chelsea Handler.During her show on Netflix this week, Handler lamented that we will soon have to say goodbye to the current First Family only to see a new family move in. I was midway through the debate when it hit me, we re going to have to say goodbye to the greatest family on the planet,  Handler said before putting up an image of the Duggar family and continuing,  And no I m not talking about these assholes. Handler then went after Donald Trump and his version of family values. While Hillary Clinton and potential First Gentleman Bill Clinton play with balloons on stage,  rotten apricot  Donald Trump  would rather play with his daughter s balloons. Handler admitted that she isn t a fan of children but conceded that Sasha and Malia Obama are  the exception. Look at them playing with their dog Bo! Isn t that cute?  Handler said before comparing the Obama girls to Trump s sons Eric and Donald Jr. Now, let s take a look at how the Trump boys play with animals,  Handler said as a photo of the two Trumps holding up a cheetah they killed appeared on the screen.  Two assholes in their natural habitat,  she quipped.Handler went on to list some of President Obama accomplishments and wished that he could run for a third term.Here s the video via YouTube:Handler isn t the only one who has slammed Trump s sons for using their daddy s wealth to kill animals instead of using it to help protect them for future generations to enjoy.Madonna slammed them earlier this month on her Instgram. How Big of [a] Pussy Do you have to BE to kill this Noble Animal for sport?  Madonna wrote.  Just ask Donald Trump Jr and his brother Eric. Featured Image: Screenshot",0
4457, New Poll Shows 40 Percent Of Trump Supporters Think Minorities Have Too Much Influence,"When Hillary Clinton called out  half  of Trump supporters for harboring deplorable behaviors   which include, but are not limited to the following: racism, sexism, homophobia and Islamophobia   the GOP threw a hissy fit. How dare Clinton call out the Trump base, which does lean more in the direction of white supremacy than any other campaign base of support.The media crucified her, and called it her  47 percent  moment. But, as the facts have shown, she wasn t wrong.In fact, a new poll backs up her claim. Langer Research Associates, with the help of ABC News, found that four in 10 Trump supporters believe minorities have  too much influence  in America, while 1 in 5 said whites don t have enough influence.Certainly not  half  of Trump supporters, but close enough (and too close for comfort).Not surprisingly, those who hold the view that minorities have too much influence are also less educated, more conservative, and are die-hard Trump supporters:Holding these pro-Trump views -  that is, seeing too little influence for whites and men and too much influence for minorities and women -  peaks among strong conservatives and core Trump supporters, those who wanted him to win the GOPpresidential nomination. It s also more prevalent among conservatives overall, people who disapprove of Obama s job performance or feel they ve gotten worse off financially under his presidency, men and older, less-educated and less well-off Americans.Who would have thought that white Americans who hate the first black president would think blacks, Hispanics and Latinos have too much influence.These findings follow a disturbing trend among Trump supporters.No wonder Trump loves the poorly educated   they eat up his racist message and proudly expound it wherever they can.Just how many  deplorables  make up the Trump base of support teeters back and forth. it can be as much as 67 percent, and it can be as low as 40 percent. But the fact remains that a sizable amount, an influential amount, exist, and they are voting this year.Featured image via John Moore/Getty Images",0
4458, ‘Harry Potter’ Star Compares Donald Trump To Voldemort And It’s PERFECT (VIDEO),"Donald Trump has frequently been compared to authoritarian leaders, but this recent comparison by Harry Potter star Daniel Radcliffe is just the thing we need to hear after Trump s horrendous performance on Monday night s presidential debate.Radcliffe happens to know a lot about evil leaders, having become an expert on them in Harry Potter. Especially after spending a lot of time with the film s own Lord Voldemort, the villain who is hellbent on putting non-magical humans in servitude forever. Hmm that sounds an awful lot like a horrible time period in American history that Donald Trump would like to return this country to In an interview with the U.K. s Sky News, Radcliffe actually compared Trump to Voldemort, stating that the Republican nominee has a lot in common with the Dark Lord   however, there are also big differences. And as a matter of fact, that s actually a BAD thing for Trump. It turns out, Radcliffe thinks that Trump is worse than Voldemort. The actor said: I sort of think Donald Trump might not be as  ideologically pure as Voldemort. My thing on Trump is that he feels like more of an opportunist, like I don t know how much of this stuff he s saying he actually really, really believes. Radcliffe also called out Trump s racism, stating that Trump is an opportunist that uses his divisive rhetoric to gain power. You can watch the interview below:Daniel Radcliffe has revealed why Donald Trump and Voldemort aren t so similar to @SkyCinema s Craig Dillon https://t.co/xiUe9BPc40  Sky News (@SkyNews) September 27, 2016Hilariously, this isn t the first time that Trump has been compared to a fictional villain. It turns out that Trump is almost a dead ringer for Immortan Joe from Mad Max: Fury Road! I mean, these two could really be the same guy:TwitterFeatured image via Joe Raedle and Harry Potter",0
4459," Arizona’s Largest Newspaper Breaks 125 Year Tradition, Backs Democrat For President","Since 1890, The Arizona Republic, now the state s largest and most popular newspaper, has seen over 30 presidential elections. And every time, they have endorsed the Republican contender   Eisenhower, Nixon, Goldwater, Ford, Reagan, H.W. Bush, Dole, Bush, McCain, and Romney.This year, something changed dramatically for the editorial board   they put country over party, and endorsed Hillary Clinton, the Democrat, over Donald Trump, the Republican.Once again, Hillary has broken a glass ceiling.Writing that Hillary Clinton is the only candidate who can lead America forward, the editorial board did not mince words with their hatred for Donald Trump.  The 2016 Republican candidate is not conservative and he is not qualified,  the board writes just after pointing out that they have a deep admiration for conservative principles.The board also pointed out that Hillary is by no means a conservative (rather a centrist), but in the grand scheme of things, Trump s bombastic, offensive, divisive and racial language is contrary to what America stands for, and this against what they argue to be real conservatism:Trump s conversion to conservatism is recent and unconvincing. There is no guarantee he will name solid conservatives to the Supreme Court  Trump s inability to control himself or be controlled by others represents a real threat to our national security. His recent efforts to stay on script are not reassuring. They are phony.Ouch. Not only is Trump a faux conservative in their eyes, he s a con man who s trying to lie his way into the presidency. Luckily, the Arizona Republic sees right through his xenophobic nonsense.While chiding Trump for his bromance with Russia and complete lack of world knowledge and foreign diplomacy, the paper highlights Hillary s ability to take a composed and headstrong approach to the issues facing America abroad:Clinton has argued America s case before friendly and unfriendly foreign leaders with tenacity, diplomacy and skill. She earned respect by knowing the issues, the history and the facts. She is intimately familiar with the challenges we face in our relations with Russia, China, the Middle East, North Korea and elsewhere. She ll stand by our friends and she s not afraid to confront our enemies.Quite possibly the biggest factor in the Republic s decision was Trump s treatment of Mexico and the hardworking, honest people that live there and the immigrants that  enrich  Arizona culturally, economically and diplomatically.When you I aunt Mexico and its people, you insult Arizona and its people.Trump is learning the hard way that words have consequences, and that decent people and decent entities will stand up to his bully pulpit.That is why the Arizona Republic put people over party and made the right decision.Featured image via Justin Sullivan/Getty Images",0
4460," Millionaire Sean Hannity Tried To Fake Being Middle Class, Gets DESTROYED On Twitter (TWEETS)","Fox News host and Donald Trump cheerleader Sean Hannity got busted for trying to pretend that he is something that he s not.In the process of yet again defending Trump, this time after his disastrous debate appearance on Monday night, Hannity lashed out at the press: Now, my overpaid friends in the media, well, they have their chauffeured limousines, they like their fine steakhouses and expensive wine lifestyles. Based on that statement, you might think that Hannity was just a regular Joe Sixpack, toiling away for a middle-class income at best, trying to make ends meet while paying his mortgage, electric bill and keeping his family fed.But of course, as the host of a highly rated cable news show and a nationally syndicated radio show, Hannity is anything but underpaid.For his radio show alone, Hannity earns  at least $20 million a year, and he has also signed a multi-million-dollar contract for his Fox News program.A few years ago, Hannity listed his waterfront home in New York for sale, asking $3.6 million for 4 bedrooms and 5.5 bathrooms set on 2 acres of land on the Long Island Sound. Hardly the home of a middle class family.Almost immediately, journalists and political operatives and pundits started making fun of Hannity s weird statement on Twitter. The fact that Hannity, whose wealth is well-known, would attack journalists for being rich struck many as completely absurd. It was pointed out that he reportedly has a net worth of $80 million, has a private jet he s used to ferry politicians like former Speaker of the House Newt Gingrich around, and even has done ads for the pricy steak house Ruth s Chris.Hannity thought he could get away with this white lie on Fox News, where this sort of thing happens all the time, but especially since he has attached himself to Trump, it isn t going to work anymore.Sean Hannity travels on a GD private jet.  Sonny Bunch (@SonnyBunch) September 28, 2016This was once Hannity's house pic.twitter.com/QhArXKx1zJ  Colin Jones (@colinjones) September 28, 2016Hannity is literally describing himself here. https://t.co/lQgEh4HMqe  John Podhoretz (@jpodhoretz) September 28, 2016Hannity awakens in his mud hut, built with his own hands, before walking to Fox News (uphill both ways). He eats air & dresses in moonbeams.  Ana Marie Cox (@anamariecox) September 28, 2016Finally, Hannity has clarified to me why I had to leave the media: I get carsick in big cars, I don't eat beef and I don't drink.  Liz Mair (@LizMair) September 28, 2016Sean Hannity has a net worth of $80 million https://t.co/Plqx1kkpCv  Jon Favreau (@jonfavs) September 28, 2016Never forget when zillionaire TV star Sean Hannity pretended to be scandalized by Obama having Dijon mustard https://t.co/GCfXpfvvVb https://t.co/cR2Qd45JE2  James Poniewozik (@poniewozik) September 28, 2016Fun fact about many right-wing talkers who rail against  cocktail parties  is that they attend many and usually do so as paid speakers.  T. Becket Adams (@BecketAdams) September 28, 2016Private jets cost more than limos right? Or did they get cheaper? https://t.co/Nr0Ig6xYQV  Josh Marshall (@joshtpm) September 28, 2016Yeah, I'm sure Hannity takes the LIR home https://t.co/bURPRNftAt  andrew kaczynski (@BuzzFeedAndrew) September 28, 2016@oliverdarcy he used to do ads for Ruth Chris  Tim Miller (@Timodc) September 28, 2016It will be priceless to see Hannity s reaction to getting called out in the next few days for sure. But, he brought it on himself.Featured image via YouTube",0
4461, Right-Wingers Actually HONOR The Cops Who Killed Freddie Gray (VIDEO),"The Media Research Center, a right-wing media analysis organization, held its annual black-tie affair last week. The Baltimore police officers who are directly responsible for the death of Freddie Gray last year attended, were brought up on stage, and applauded and honored and giving a standing ovation for their work, all while a right-wing talking head glossed over the problems of police brutality.Deneen Borelli, a frequent Fox News contributor, complained loudly that these cops  lives and careers were ruined by the  lies  surrounding Freddie Gray s death. Gray died after his spine was nearly severed due to a rough and unsecured ride in the back of a van. He was handcuffed and put in leg irons, but not belted in at all. Later, officers said he d suffered a medical emergency, but they failed to get him help.Borelli lamented: These five men and one woman, all veteran police officers, were now in handcuffs, fighting for their lives, their careers destroyed, bankrupted, humiliated No one apologized for ruining their lives. No one thanked them for their service or recognized their honor. Who will thank these officers? Who will thank all police officers   at a time they are being so vilified? Tonight, ladies and gentlemen, we will. This is disgusting.Patently disgusting.The media doesn t jump to vilify the police   we have a serious problem with police brutality, particularly against the black community, and the media is shining a light on it. In Baltimore, officers who were witnesses to the case were also on the team investigating Gray s death. Lead detectives started their own counter-investigations to disprove the state s case. The system works for officers, and against their victims.Victims like Freddie Gray. While Borelli whines that nobody s apologized to these officers who, in her view no doubt, were merely doing their duty and then braved the aftermath with grace and courage, Gray is still dead. He died as a direct result of these officers  actions.To point this out, though, makes us anti-police. We re police-haters when we point out brutality. Idiots like Franklin Graham say the best way to stop this is for people to just comply with police orders, and yet, many of the black people who die are complying with police orders.Seriously, the Media Research Center ought to be ashamed of itself for this. These cops  lives and careers wouldn t have been ruined if they d actually done their entire job.Watch Borelli s remarks below, beginning at the 1:11:50 mark:Featured image via screen capture",0
4462, Watch This 9-Year-Old Girl’s Heartbreaking Message About Blacks And Police Brutality (VIDEO),"9-year-old Charlotte, North Carolina girl Zianna Oliphant is already tired in her very short life of seeing black men and women die at the hands of police officers.Oliphant spoke about her fears at a meeting of the Charlotte City Council and it was heartbreaking.[ad3media campaign= 941 ]Zianna and her brother, Marquis, both spoke at a City Council meeting in which members of the city s black community called for changes after police fatally shot an African-American man, Keith Lamont Scott, last week.Police say Scott was armed. The shooting death and questions over the use of deadly police force against people of color sparked protests that roiled the city. We are black people and we shouldn t have to feel like this. We shouldn t have to protest because y all are treating us wrong,  the girl said Monday.  We do this because we need to and have rights. In a later interview with NBC, Oliphant said the emotion of the issue hit her as she spoke, and that s why she began crying.Her mother, Precious Oliphant, pointed out that Zianna and Marquis are involved in a police youth league and have frequently been around police officers in a positive fashion. But they are still aware of the problems of discrimination and racism at a very young age because as their mother she has been frequently pulled over for police for what she believes are trivial issues, like the way she wore her hair.Zianna says she plans to become a doctor when she grows up, and speaking up as she did, she is obviously well on her way to being a community leader. Others around her and in positions of leadership and authority in her community could do far worse than to follow her example, as she is clearly wise beyond her actual years.Featured image via screen capture",0
4463, FRAUD: Architect Who Was Scammed For $100k Exposes The Real Trump (VIDEO),"During Monday night s presidential debate, Hillary Clinton accused Donald Trump of screwing thousands of his workers out of the wages that they owe him. It was a shining moment for Clinton, that highlighted how Trump s entire fortune comes from not his business savvy, but his unending greed and eagerness to exploit anyone he can. Before saying that she is glad that Trump never did business with her father, she directly told Trump that he needed to apologize to all those he hurt, saying: Do the thousands of people that you have stiffed over the course of your business not deserve some kind of apology from someone who has taken their labor, taken the goods that they ve produced and then refused to pay them? One of those people that Trump stiffed over is an architect named Andrew Tesoro. Tesoro sat down for an interview on MSNBC Live, where he revealed how Trump did not pay him the $100,000 dollars that were owed to him for helping to a clubhouse at one of Trump s many golf courses. Tesoro was asked whether he was paid for the work he had done on the clubhouse. He responded by saying: No, he didn t. He paid partially along the way and the project snowballed over a four year period and our role in the project snowballed as well. We became very much involved in interior design and construction stage work. We made many supplemental agreements as we went along and in the end those agreements were not honored. Because Trump will do anything to distance himself from his fraudulent business practices, he recently asserted that Tesoro probably wasn t paid because of shoddy work. That comment should really be biting him in the ass now. That s because Tesoro revealed that Trump had written him a letter of recommendation in 2006. In the letter, Trump praised Tesoro for his work. Tesser s experience is not unique. It seems like every day that more people are coming out in droves and exposing the various ways that Trump has royally screwed them over.One report has been particularly damning. USA Today found that Trump has been involved in over 3,500 lawsuits over the past three decades. They also found that he has left everyone from cabinetmakers to carpenters left without being paid in full, or on time. While those numbers certainly make it easier to understand how far reaching Trump s fraudulent practices are, hearing it from someone who was a victim of them makes it so much more real.You can watch Tesoro expose Trump for scam artist in his own words below. Featured image from video screenshot",0
4464, Watch Joe Biden Take Trump’s Own Words And Tear Him To SHREDS After Debate (VIDEO),"If there s anyone in this day and age who most definitely doesn t mince words, and will say what needs to be said, it s Vice President Joe Biden.While speaking in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania on a campaign stop for Hillary Clinton, Biden tore into some of the remarks from Monday s debate. Especially when Donald Trump seemed to think it s perfectly fine to screw over the American people, or benefit from their sorrow.Biden said: This is a guy who said   and wants to be president   that it was good business for him to see the housing market fail. What in the hell is he talking about? Adding: Every president I have served with, including Republicans, has had a moral center about what it was to be an American, about what we re supposed to do, about what basic fundamental rights are. Then really getting to the core of it, he said: He does not have the basic fundamental sensibilities and values that almost every American politician left, right and center I know have. They disagree on how to make things better for you, but they don t take pleasure from  You re fired.  They don t take pleasure knowing that they will benefit. Biden also talked about how Trump seems proud of not paying taxes. Taxes that all of us have to pay and don t have the luxury of manipulating the tax code to our advantage. He acknowledged that he didn t pay taxes because, he said, he s smart. Makes him smart. Tell that to the janitor in here who s paying taxes. Tell that to your mothers and fathers who are breaking their neck to send you here who are paying their taxes. No I really mean it. It angers me. Biden knows, as we should all know by this point in the election, who the better choice is for Commander-in-Chief. He reiterates: If this choice isn t clear, I don t know  - my lord  What bothers me about this race is how palpable his cynicism is about the American people. And it s true, the choice is abundantly clear   Hillary Rodham Clinton should and will be our next president.Watch Biden lay into Trump here:WATCH: VP Biden goes off on Trump over Trump s comments about not paying taxes:  It angers me!   What in the hell is he talking about!?  pic.twitter.com/Qg5L5HcnvL  NBC Nightly News (@NBCNightlyNews) September 27, 2016Featured image via video screen capture",0
4465, HuffPo Just Dropped The Mic On Internet Polls Saying Trump Crushed Hillary In Last Night’s Debate,"The earliest actual poll to come out of last night s debate was a CNN/ORC poll showing that 62 percent of respondents believed Hillary had won the debate. However, there are a ton of polls that were conducted online that say Trump won in a landslide. How can that be?Here s The Huffington Post to answer that question:Are polls like this an accurate measure of how the electorate responded to Monday s debate?  Huffington Post (@HuffingtonPost) September 27, 2016Why is this obvious joke of a poll so damning for all the online polls claiming Trump destroyed Hillary? Because this shows how online polls are meaningless. CNN actually contacted people. Anybody and everybody can answer an online poll. The results generally skew heavily to one side or the other, depending on the outlet s usual audience and which organizations/social media channels post poll links.There s also the fact that Trumpkins from both 4chan and Reddit were stuffing last night s poll boxes, proving how easy it is to manipulate online polls.Of course, the Trumpkins aren t happy with HuffPo at all for blowing those delusions out of the water:@HuffingtonPost someone s upset that #Trumpwins  Jim (@Jimbags12) September 27, 2016@HuffingtonPost are middle schoolers doing reporting for you guys?  Timothy j. sims (@Timothyjsims2) September 27, 2016Hope no one at Clemson got triggered for seeing this racist tweet. @HuffingtonPost pic.twitter.com/0KxxsNnMh5  Michael Benson (@KeyMrB) September 27, 2016@HuffingtonPost Please vote Hillary or else Bill Clinton will do things to me ? pic.twitter.com/CsOON8nF3Y  Pneumonia WarMachine (@z3no_of_citium) September 27, 2016And, obviously, we can always count on Trump himself to only tout the polls that say he won, because anything that doesn t show him as the winner, as the god he wants to be, is biased and unfair, and, well, who cares about those outlets anyway:I won every poll from last nights Presidential Debate   except for the little watched @CNN poll.  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) September 27, 2016The #1 trend on Twitter right now is #TrumpWon   thank you!  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) September 27, 2016Such a great honor. Final debate polls are in   and the MOVEMENT wins!#AmericaFirst #MAGA #ImWithYouhttps://t.co/3KWOl2ibaW pic.twitter.com/sfCEE3I5pF  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) September 27, 2016He tweeted a story from the Daily Mail, too, that carries a headline saying,  Majority of snap polls show Trump won debate by a landslide despite CNN s overwhelming victory for Hillary in biggest official survey.  They actually looks like they re calling the results of the CNN poll into question with screencaps of every online poll in existence.Self-selecting polls aside, the result is pretty damn clear. Hillary won.Featured image by Drew Angerer/Getty Images",0
4466, Howard Dean Just Doubled Down On Trump’s Possible Cocaine Use (VIDEO),"Allow me to begin by saying former DNC chair Howard Dean is the f*cking man. After tweeting that Donald Trump might be on cocaine   a reasonable observation based on the GOP s actions during the first presidential debate   he could have backed down under scrutiny. He could have caved and apologized. Instead, he made his case.Dean, a physician who is qualified to speculate   though in his own words not diagnose without examining Trump in person   responded to criticism of his remarks on MSNBC. I don t make diagnosis on the television, it s medically improper,  he told Kate Snow Tuesday, a subtle jab at Trump and his legion of Fox News  doctors  feverishly trying to diagnose Clinton with every neurological disorder under the sun because she coughed that one time and contracted pneumonia the other.  But I don t think this was a ridiculous idea. Something funny was going on with Trump last night. Something  ridiculous  was indeed going on. Trump spent his evening screaming about ridiculous conspiracy theories, attacking his opponent s  stamina  based on a minor illness, interrupting Clinton constantly, guzzling water, sweating profusely, and other things that would be expected from his meth-addled Twitter followers rather than a serious presidential candidate. Here s the interesting constellation: he sniffs during the presentation, which is something that users do. He also has grandiosity, which is something that accompanies that problem. He has delusions, I m not talking about being crazy, but for example when he told everybody he was very smart not to pay taxes and then denied that he said after he said it it in front of 100 million people,  Dean said.  He thinks somehow he s not going to get caught, that is delusional. He has trouble with pressured speech,  the former Vermont governor added.  He interrupted, as you pointed out, Hillary Clinton twenty-nine times. He couldn t keep himself together. Do I think at 70 years old he has a cocaine habit? Probably not,  Dean concludes. But it s something that I think would be interesting to ask him, to see if he ever had a problem with that. Asked for clarification if he thinks Trump has a  cocaine habit,  Dean replied  I don t think he has a cocaine habit,  placing special emphasis on the word  habit.  In other words, it might be a stretch to say Trump is addicted to cocaine, but it is possible that he used it to pep himself up before the debate.In an effort to deflect from the allegation, Trump assured the public that he just had a cold, but Stephen Colbert put it best when he said The Donald  sounded like he was trying to get over a cold using cocaine. We can t know for sure if Trump has ever been treated for addiction, as he refuses to release his records   and since Trump should be held to the same standards to which he holds Hillary Clinton, it s not unreasonable to question if he has been using cocaine (especially given the crazy, whacked-out bonkers stuff he says in public).Watch Dean SLAY this interview below:Featured image via screengrab, Getty Images (Joe Raedle)",0
4467, Mexico’s Former President Unleashes Brutal Insults On Trump After Debate (TWEETS),"Mexico s former President, Vicente Fox, isn t shy at all about his disdain for Republican nominee Donald Trump   and he really turned things up a notch after last night s presidential debate.Anyone who watched the debate (or has access to the internet) knows by now that Trump blew it. His performance was so weak and he was so unprepared, even Republican pundits have admitted that Democratic nominee Hillary Clinton won by a landslide   and Fox wasn t afraid to point this out. On Tuesday, Fox decided to go after Trump while it s going to hurt the most, knowing full well that the business mogul s ego is likely suffering from embarrassment.On Twitter, Fox teased Trump mercilessly for his horrendous performance, directly asking Trump  what does losing feel like?  on Twitter. To rub this in even more, Fox posted a screenshot of one of Trump s pathetic fundraising emails, proving to the world that Trump s campaign is still struggling and begging for money: @realDonaldTrump you have no shame, I just got another e-mail begging for help. Tell me what does losing feels like? Have a little dignity! @realDonaldTrump you have no shame, I just got another e-mail begging for help. Tell me what does losing feels like? Have a little dignity! pic.twitter.com/avrV9WKG9T  Vicente Fox Quesada (@VicenteFoxQue) September 27, 2016Continuing to pour salt into the wound, Fox also praised Clinton for showing  capacity, compassion and wisdom  while bashing Trump for looking  afoul.  The attack was brutal:TwitterTwitterIt s been awhile since Fox has been in the media for attacking Trump, but he sure knows how to make an appearance. This election cycle, the former President of Mexico has repeatedly made headlines for slamming Trump and publicly stating that Mexico will not pay for his f*cking wall. Fox has also said that Trump  reminds me of Hitler  and even challenged Trump to a debate once (which Trump was too cowardly to accept). We can only expect that over the next few weeks, Fox is going to support Clinton to the fullest, and do whatever he can to convince Americans not to vote for Trump.Featured image via Win McNamee / Pool Getty Images",0
4468, Even His White Supremacist Base Knows Trump Blew It (IMAGES),"Monday night s debate between Donald Trump and Hillary Clinton was so one-sided that virtually everyone, short of the most ardent Trump supporters, thinks the GOP candidate tanked, bigly.Social media isn t pretty for Trump. Even his white supremacist base is doubting him after his subpar performance in Monday s debate. Here are just some from Stormfront. If you aren t familiar with Stormfront, they are proud  white nationalists  and they are very pro-Trump. They re still pro-Trump, but they know that their candidate dug himself a hole on Monday night. Here are a few of their posts, courtesy of the Concourse:Stormfront isn t the only group that believes Hillary  mopped the floor  with Trump. 4chan, the alt-right message board, was filled with disheartened white supremacists (our favorite kind). They were filled with excuses, but the overwhelming opinion seemed to be that their candidate was beaten by a woman.Some were offended when Trump said the DNC hack could have been orchestrated by someone weighing 400 pounds and sitting on his bed.White nationalists aren t the only conservative voters complaining that their candidate lost. I m not positive Hillary actually won the debate. But I m sure Trump lost it. He choked,  writes Weekly Standard Editor Bill Kristol.Ouch, when Bill Kristol turns on you Even if you are a Trump supporter, you have to think that he left a lot on the table,  writes GOP supper lobbyist Ed Rogers, a veteran of the Reagan and Bush 41 White Houses.  He didn t see the openings and he didn t swing at the softballs that came his way. He never used the word  change,  he didn t bore in on Hillary s email scandal and he never got around to the Clinton Foundation and Hillary s suspect integrity. Trump was inarticulate and rarely hit the bull s eye. Not exactly giving props to Hillary, but After the first 20 minutes, it may have been the most lopsided debate I ve ever seen   and not because Clinton was particularly effective. But you don t need to be good when your opponent is bad,  writes National Review s David French, who considered running for president as an independent.  Why didn t he have a better answer ready for the birther nonsense? Has he still not done any homework on foreign policy? I felt like I was watching the political Titanic hit the iceberg, back up, and hit it again. Just for fun. The Washington Post has a bunch of other conservative reactions.While it s doubtful the white supremacists or any of the other quoted conservatives will pull the lever for Hillary Clinton, it is clear that Trump showed his vulnerabilities last night and he proved that he s not fit, at all, to be Commander-in-Chief.Featured image via Michael Bocchieri/Getty Images",0
4469, Guy Who Forgot 9/11 Happened Says Hillary Is ‘Too Stupid’ To Be President Because She Stayed With Bill,"Former New York City Mayor Rudy Giuliani decided to weigh in on future President Hillary Clinton s ability to perform as President in a worse way than Trump s  stamina  remarks at the first presidential debate. According to Giuliani, the fact that Clinton is strong enough and loves her husband enough to make things work after he was unfaithful to her is actually a sign of weakness that disqualifies her from being President just as much as That One Time She Coughed and her almost superhuman ability to work hard and power through pneumonia for days before she finally collapses from the unnatural amount of strain she put on her body. The president of the United States, her husband, disgraced this country with what he did in the Oval Office and she didn t just stand by him, she attacked Monica Lewinsky,  Giuliani said following Monday s debate.  And after being married to Bill Clinton for 20 years, if you didn t know the moment Monica Lewinsky said that Bill Clinton violated her that she was telling the truth, then you re too stupid to be president. Bill Clinton didn t actually  violate  anybody. He fooled around with a woman, who was an adult and consented to everything they did, behind his wife s back. While she certainly had the right to be angry, and Americans absolutely have the right to criticize him (he was wrong, but it didn t affect his ability to run the country), to say that she is a weak person for staying with him is absolute bullsh*t. Clinton s strength is in her ability to forgive, to think of the bigger picture, to make her marriage work in spite of a very, very public affair.Of course, this is the sort of thinking that can be expected from a guy who was Mayor when the planes hit the twin towers on September 11, 2001, yet recently completely forgot about those attacks while he was criticizing President Obama, who paraded his mistress around for all to see, and who told the media he was divorcing his wife before he informed her or their children. Under those eight years, before Obama came along, we didn t have any successful radical Islamic terrorist attack inside the United States,  Giuliani said in a speech in youngstown, Ohio earlier last month. They all started when Clinton and Obama got into office. Watch it below:https://twitter.com/asvokos/status/780619672760623104/video/1Featured image via screengrab",0
4470," Trump Is Full Of Sh*t, He Most Certainly Has Said That Global Warming Is A Chinese Hoax (VIDEO)","Donald Trump is an established denier of climate change and lover of absurd conspiracy theories. During the first presidential debate on Monday, Hillary Clinton slammed him for claiming that global warming is a Chinese hoax: Donald thinks that climate change is a hoax perpetrated by the Chinese,  Clinton said on the debate stage.  I think it s real. I think science is real. Trump promptly interrupted her to declare that he hadn t ever said anything of the sort.  I did not, I did not,  countered Trump.  I do not say that. Go figure, this was a boldfaced lie. In 2012, Trump tweeted this:Trump later claimed he was just joking after Bernie Sanders nailed him to the wall for this ridiculous theory, but he still insisted that climate change is a hoax that benefits China. Well, I think the climate change is just a very, very expensive form of tax. A lot of people are making a lot of money. I know much about climate change. I d be   received environmental awards. And I often joke that this is done for the benefit of China. Obviously, I joke,  Trump said to Fox News in January.  But this is done for the benefit of China because China does not do anything to help climate change. They burn everything you could burn; they couldn t care less. They have very   you know, their standards are nothing. But they   in the meantime, they can undercut us on price. So it s very hard on our business. The GOP nominee has repeatedly claimed that global warming is a  hoax.  He argued this point on Fox News in 2014.And his Twitter feed abounds with similar statements.Sooner or later, you d think Trump would learn that lying about what he has said doesn t work, especially if it was said on television or social media. But apparently, this is a lesson that hasn t quite sunk in yet.Watch Trump lie about claiming that global warming is a Chinese hoax, here:Featured image via Win McNamee/Getty Images",0
4471, Katrina Pierson Just Blamed Hillary Clinton For Trump’s Stop-And-Frisk Plan (VIDEO),"Following the presidential debate, Donald Trump campaign spokeswoman Katrina Pierson opened her mouth on CBS and stupidity just flowed out of it. Pierson was on the show to discuss Donald Trump s debate performance on Monday. When Trump wasn t sniffling, he was interrupting Hillary Clinton.Naturally, Pierson blamed Hillary Clinton for Donald Trump touting the stop-and-frisk policy, which by the way, was ruled unconstitutional in 2013.During the post-debate panel, Pierson was asked to comment on Donald Trump s recent proposal to get more cities to adopt the kind of stop-and-frisk policy in New York that was found unconstitutional back in 2013. As a shock to no one ever, Rudy Giuliani, a huge Trump supporter, is and was a proponent of the racist policy.Pierson took another route and blamed Clinton, because of course: In responding, Pierson said that stop-and-frisk was effective at stopping crime and was not really racist   but then she blamed Hillary Clinton for stop-and-frisk being necessary because of her own racism. It actually did work in New York,  Pierson said of the stop-and-frisk policy.  But we have to get down to why, because that s why we re here today. We have two candidates who have very different views. The reason why we have this problem, the reason why stop-and-frisk was implemented, was there were disparities with regard to who people were pulling over,  she continued. She went on to say: And it s profiling, criminal profiling, not necessarily racial profiling, even though it comes across that way. But the reason why we had it was that we had the First Lady of the United States who went out on the national stage and dehumanized young black children  this has been the conditioning of the American public where black children have been demonized, Hillary Clinton owns that. Watch:In late August, Trump tweeted,  How quickly people forget that Crooked Hillary called African-American youth  SUPER PREDATORS    Has she apologized? Yes, Hillary Clinton made the  super predators  remark more than 20 years ago, but it was not directed toward African-American children.This is nothing new for Pierson. Just last month, she blamed President Obama for Iraq war deaths in 2004.Featured image via screen capture. ",0
4472, Howard Dean ROASTS Trump Over Debate Sniffles: ‘Coke User’? (TWEETS),"In the first half of the debate, Donald Trump seemed bogged down by some very distracting sniffles. After peddling for weeks a lucrative conspiracy that Hillary Clinton is too sick to be Commander-In-Chief, one must ask themselves why Trump couldn t stop sniffling. Is he sick? Was he holding back tears (after being pummeled by Clinton)?Howard Dean, former head of the DNC and presidential candidate, has a more unconventional answer: he was on drugs.Dean, who is now a contributor for MSNBC, tweeted last night:Notice Trump sniffing all the time. Coke user?  Howard Dean (@GovHowardDean) September 27, 2016Trump supporters took to Twitter to express outrage, completely forgetting that their preferred candidate spent weeks fueling sexist attacks against Clinton and her stamina abilities. But hey, get offended when Dean points out what could be the obvious. After all, Trump did protect a cocaine trafficker from serving proper jail time by pulling some strings in the justice system.And considering he hasn t released any medical records, who knows what adverse effects drugs (if he does them) has done to his body and mental state.Of course Trump denied he was sniffling, even though the rancid sounds were heard by millions of watchers across the country (and the globe) and the Republican nominee denies that he is sick. So that begs the question: what else could it be.Dean s assertion is just that   an assertion. It has no factual ground to stand on, but it is ironic to see how Trump supporters react when a conspiracy is made against their candidate. Perhaps they (and Trump) will think long and hard before trying to paint Clinton as anything she s not.If this debate showed one thing, it s that Hillary came out on top and Trump is not happy about it. Why not have a little fun at his petulant behavior? Howard Dean is.Featured image via Joe Readle/Getty Images",0
4473, Giuliani Already Trying To Float Excuses For Trump To Weasel Out Of Future Debates,"Anyone watching Monday night s highly charged presidential debate between Hillary Clinton and Donald Trump knows that Hillary cleaned Trump s clock. Of course, Trump s ego will never let him admit that he lost to Hillary, so his surrogates are already being deployed all over the place to spin his embarrassingly terrible debate performance into something positive. The verbal gymnastics there are astounding, but of course these people are Donald Trump surrogates, so they are used to spinning faster than the head of the girl in The Exorcist. One Trump surrogate, former New York City mayor Rudy Giuliani, is taking things a step further, though, and trying to float the idea that Trump should refuse to do future debates with Hillary.Of course, this is just a cowardly move because of Trump s abysmal performance. But Giuliani is the Trump Spinner-in-Chief, and instead decided to blame the fact that NBC moderator Lester Holt actually called Trump out on his lies on his suggestion that Trump should skip out next time. Giuliani whined that Holt s fact-checking was unfair treatment of Trump, and therefore if it were him, he wouldn t debate again without certain petty, childish demands being met: If I were Donald Trump, I wouldn t participate in another debate unless I was promised the journalist would act like a journalist, and not an ignorant fact check. My advice would be the moderator would have to promise they d be a moderator. When pressed, Giuliani refused to say whether or not he would advise Trump to find a way out of debating Hillary again, only that if it were him, it is what he would do. This is in direct contrast with Trump s campaign manager Kellyanne Conway, who insists Trump will do both future debates.While both candidates had nothing but good things to say about Holt s moderation, Giuliani lit into Holt regarding the stop and frisk question, saying that the moderator s  interference regarding the controversial policy and its effects on New York City was  outrageous.  However, considering that Trump has floated the idea of a nationwide stop and frisk policy, the discussion on that subject and its racist implementation was perfectly reasonable. That didn t stop Giuliani from outright lying in his rant, though, when he said: If journalism has ethics, Lester Holt unethically interfering in the area of law he knows nothing about. It is not unconstitutional and Trump s description of that case was correct. But, again, this is a lie   a federal judge definitely ruled the policy unconstitutional.At the end of the day, Giuliani s tantrum is only because he wants his candidate to be able to lie with impunity in front of millions, because most Trump voters are low information plebes, or they simply don t care about Trump s bigotry, lies, incompetence, and just general all-around douchebaggery. However, if he gets called out on a debate stage, it makes him look like a fool to undecided voters, who are much more likely to vote for Hillary if they are going to leave third-party camps.If Trump drops out of future debates, he and his surrogates will blame Lester Holt, the so-called  liberal  media, and anyone and anything besides Trump himself. Rudy Giuliani is just laying the groundwork for that right now.Featured image via Alex Wong/Getty Images",0
4474, Trump Gives PATHETIC Reason For Why He Sucked At Debate (TWEET),"If you tuned into the first presidential debate last night, you already know that Hillary Clinton pretty much wiped the floor with Donald Trump. Trump was so nervous and unprepared that he was reduced to constant sniffling, excessive thirstiness and his usual outlandish rants and interruptions. Let s just say that everyone noticed.Trump couldn t take the heat, and he definitely cannot handle the humiliation that is following the debate. While several major media outlets are calling the debate a clear win for Clinton, Trump is trying to come up with reasons why he bombed so horribly (even though it was perfectly obvious that he would).The best excuse Trump has been able to come up with is beyond pathetic and nothing but a move of desperation. The Associated Press has reported that after the debate, the GOP nominee immediately told reporters that he was unable to perform to the best of his ability because there was something wrong with his microphone. And yet despite something being  wrong with it,  that mic seemed to work fine as he shouted over Hillary every few seconds. AP reported: Trump visited the media spin room after the Monday night debate and said,  They gave me a defective mic! He said he  wonder(s), was that on purpose? CBS s Sopan Deb also happened to be there and gave a little more detail into Trump s microphone conspiracy theory:TwitterTrump is seriously trying to claim that someone tried to sabotage the debate on purpose! What a moron. The truth is that Trump didn t prepare for the debate like Clinton did   and even if he had spent a little more time preparing than tweeting, it wouldn t have mattered much   he s completely unqualified for the White House. Last night, Hillary showed America that these two shouldn t even be up against each other. There is no comparison. Hillary looked like our next President, and Trump looked like a fraud and an imposter who should have never made it up on that stage.I wouldn t be surprised if Trump comes up with more lame stories about why his performance was compromised last night.Featured image via Win McNamee / Getty Images",0
4475, Here You Go: Every Bat Sh*t Crazy Thing That Came Out Of Trump’s Mouth In The First Debate,"Donald Trump spent Monday night making a total ass out of himself in the first presidential debate. We were all waiting to see just what would happen tonight, and it was quite the spectacle. From lies to self-incrimination, watching the GOP nominee s performance was the equivalent of one facepalm after another.So here you go, a complete list of every batshit crazy thing that came out of Donald Trump s mouth during the first presidential debate: There s nobody in our government to fight them [China], and we have a very good fight, and we have a winning fight. They re using our country as a piggy bank to rebuild China and many other countries are doing the same thing. We have to stop these countries from stealing our companies. Our country s in deep trouble.  We don t know what we re doing with devaluations  Especially when it comes to China, they re the best.  They re the best ever at it. What they re doing to us is a very very sad thing. That s called business, by the way.  (referring to making money off of the 2007 financial collapse) I m a great believer in all forms of energy  Our country is losing a so much in terms of energy, in terms of paying off our debt. I will bring back jobs.  You can t bring back jobs. That s about all you ve got.  (referring to Clinton s book We Are Stronger Together) You are going to approve one of the biggest tax cuts in history.  You are going to approve one of the biggest tax increases in history.  You are going to drive businesses out. I m going to cut taxes, big-league.  You are going to raise taxes, big-league. And take a look at mine also.  (referring to his campaign website) She tells us how to fight ISIS on her website.  I don t think Douglas MacArthur would like that too much  You re telling the enemy everything you want to do.  No wonder you ve been fighting ISIS your entire adult life. Well, I m really calling for major jobs, because the wealthy are going to create tremendous jobs.  They re going to expand their companies.  They re going to do a tremendous job.  (hahahaha) I m getting rid of the carried interest provision, and if you really look, it s really not a great thing for the wealthy, it s really a great thing for middle class.  (methinks thou dost protest too much) These people are going to put billions and billions of dollars into companies.  And when they re going to bring 2.5 trillion dollars back from overseas, where they can t bring the money back because politicians like Secretary Clinton won t allow them to bring the money back because the taxes are so onerous and the bureaucratic red tape is so bad.  (or because those companies are greedy and un-American, just saying) So, what they re doing is leaving our country, and believe it or not, they re leaving our country because the taxes are too high.  Because some of them companies have lots of money outside our country, and instead of bringing it back and putting the money to work because they can t work out a deal.  And everybody agrees it should be brought back, instead of that they re leaving our country to get their money because they can t bring their money back into our country, because of bureacratic red tape.  Because they can t get together, because we have a President that can t sit them around a table, and get them to approve something.   (maybe companies should just pay their taxes so we don t need to cut valuable public services) We have no leadership, and honestly, that starts with Secretary Clinton  Why not [blame Clinton for everything]? We re in a bubble right now, and the only thing that looks good is the stock market. We have a FED that is doing political things  the FED is being more political than Secretary Clinton When we have a country that s doing so badly, that s being ripped off by every single country in the world, it s the kind of thinking that our country needs. We have people that are political hacks negotiating our trade deals.  (in response to a question about his taxes) I ve been under audit for almost 15 years.  I know a lot of wealthy people that have never been audited.  I say,  Have you been audited?   I get audited almost every year, and in a way I should be complaining.  I m not even complaining.  I don t mind it.  It s almost become a way of life.  I get audited by the IRS, but other people don t. We have a situation in this country that needs to be taken care of.  I will release my tax returns against my lawyers wishes That makes me smart.  (in response to paying zero dollars in federal income taxes) I could give you a list of banks, if that would help you.  I would give you a list of banks.  These are very fine institutions, very fine banks.  I could do that very quickly. I have a tremendous income.  The reason I say that is not in a braggadocios way. It s about time that this country had somebody running it that has an idea about money. Our airports are like from a third world country  We ve become a third world country.  The worst of all things has happened. And it s really a shame. And it s politicians like Secretary Clinton that have caused this problem. Our country has tremendous problems. We re a debtor nation. We re a serious debtor nation. And we have a country that needs new roads, new tunnels, new bridges, new airports, new schools, new hospitals. And we don t have the money, because it s been squandered on so many of your ideas. It would be squandered, too, believe me.  (in response to not paying any federal income taxes) Maybe he didn t do a good job and I was unsatisfied with his work  Which our country should do, too.  (referring to not paying people who worked for him) But on occasion, four times, we used certain laws that are there. And when Secretary Clinton talks about people that didn t get paid, first of all, they did get paid a lot, but taken advantage of the laws of the nation.  Now, if you want to change the laws, you ve been there a long time, change the laws. But I take advantage of the laws of the nation because I m running a company. My obligation right now is to do well for myself, my family, my employees, for my companies. And that s what I do.  (referring to bankrupting four companies and not paying his business debts) But what she doesn t say is that tens of thousands of people that are unbelievably happy and that love me. I ll give you an example. We re just opening up on Pennsylvania Avenue right next to the White House, so if I don t get there one way, I m going to get to Pennsylvania Avenue another. When we look at the budget, the budget is bad to a large extent because we have people that have no idea as to what to do and how to buy. Well, first of all, Secretary Clinton doesn t want to use a couple of words, and that s law and order. And we need law and order. If we don t have it, we re not going to have a country. Now, whether or not in a place like Chicago you do stop and frisk, which worked very well, Mayor Giuliani is here, worked very well in New York. We have to be   we have to know what we re doing. Right now, our police, in many cases, are afraid to do anything. No, you re wrong. It went before a judge, who was a very against-police judge. It was taken away from her. And our mayor, our new mayor, refused to go forward with the case. They would have won an appeal. If you look at it, throughout the country, there are many places where it s allowed.  (referring to racial profiling becoming outlawed as unconstitutional) We need law and order. And we need law and order in the inner cities, because the people that are most affected by what s happening are African-American and Hispanic people. And it s very unfair to them what our politicians are allowing to happen. I have the endorsement of the NRA, which I m very proud of. These are very, very good people. But I think we have to look very strongly at no-fly lists and watch lists. And when people are on there, even if they shouldn t be on there, we ll help them, we ll help them legally, we ll help them get off. But I tend to agree with that quite strongly. But stop-and- frisk had a tremendous impact on the safety of New York City. Tremendous beyond belief. So when you say it has no impact, it really did. It had a very, very big impact. They ve been abused and used in order to get votes by Democrat politicians, because that s what it is. They ve controlled these communities for up to 100 years. You know, you ve seen me, I ve been all over the place. You decided to stay home, and that s OK. But I will tell you, I ve been all over. And I ve met some of the greatest people I ll ever meet within these communities. When I got involved, I didn t fail. I got him to give the birth certificate. So I m satisfied with it. And I ll tell you why I m satisfied with it But I was the one that got him to produce the birth certificate. And I think I did a good job Well, it was very   I say nothing. I say nothing, because I was able to get him to produce it. He should have produced it a long time before. I say nothing. But let me just tell you. When you talk about healing, I think that I ve developed very, very good relationships over the last little while with the African-American community. I think you can see that.  And I feel that they really wanted me to come to that conclusion And I think I did a great job and a great service not only for the country, but even for the president, in getting him to produce his birth certificate. First of all, I got to watch in preparing for this some of your debates against Barack Obama. You treated him with terrible disrespect.  And I watched the way you talk now about how lovely everything is and how wonderful you are. It doesn t work that way. You were after him. Now, as far as the lawsuit, yes, when I was very young, I went into my father s company, had a real estate company in Brooklyn and Queens, and we, along with many, many other companies throughout the country   it was a federal lawsuit   were sued. We settled the suit with zero   with no admission of guilt. It was very easy to do. And, you know, I also notice the very nasty commercials that you do on me in so many different ways, which I don t do on you. Maybe I m trying to save the money. But, frankly, I look   I look at that, and I say, isn t that amazing? Because I settled that lawsuit with no admission of guilt, but that was a lawsuit brought against many real estate firms, and it s just one of those things. I ll go one step further. In Palm Beach, Florida, tough community, a brilliant community, a wealthy community, probably the wealthiest community there is in the world, I opened a club, and really got great credit for it. No discrimination against African- Americans, against Muslims, against anybody. And it s a tremendously successful club. And I m so glad I did it. And I have been given great credit for what I did. And I m very, very proud of it. And that s the way I feel. That is the true way I feel. In addition, I was just endorsed by ICE. They ve never endorsed anybody before on immigration. I was just endorsed by ICE. As far as the cyber, I agree to parts of what Secretary Clinton said. We should be better than anybody else, and perhaps we re not. I don t think anybody knows it was Russia that broke into the DNC. She s saying Russia, Russia, Russia, but I don t   maybe it was. I mean, it could be Russia, but it could also be China. It could also be lots of other people. It also could be somebody sitting on their bed that weighs 400 pounds, OK? Now, whether that was Russia, whether that was China, whether it was another country, we don t know, because the truth is, under President Obama we ve lost control of things that we used to have control over. We came in with the Internet, we came up with the Internet, and I think Secretary Clinton and myself would agree very much, when you look at what ISIS is doing with the Internet, they re beating us at our own game. ISIS. So we have to get very, very tough on cyber and cyber warfare. It is   it is a huge problem. I have a son. He s 10 years old. He has computers. He is so good with these computers, it s unbelievable. The security aspect of cyber is very, very tough. And maybe it s hardly doable. But I will say, we are not doing the job we should be doing. But that s true throughout our whole governmental society. We have so many things that we have to do better and certainly cyber is one of them. So she talks about taking them out. She s been doing it a long time. She s been trying to take them out for a long time. But they wouldn t have even been formed if they left some troops behind, like 10,000 or maybe something more than that. And then you wouldn t have had them.  (speaking about the creation of ISIS) Or, as I ve been saying for a long time, and I think you ll agree, because I said it to you once, had we taken the oil   and we should have taken the oil   ISIS would not have been able to form either, because the oil was their primary source of income. And now they have the oil all over the place, including the oil   a lot of the oil in Libya. Wrong  Wrong.  Wrong. The secretary said very strongly about working with   we ve been working with them for many years, and we have the greatest mess anyone s ever seen. But you look at the Middle East, you started the Iran deal, that s another beauty where you have a country that was ready to fall, I mean, they were doing so badly. They were choking on the sanctions. And now they re going to be actually probably a major power at some point pretty soon, the way they re going. Number one, the 28 countries of NATO, many of them aren t paying their fair share. Number two   and that bothers me, because we should be asking   we re defending them, and they should at least be paying us what they re supposed to be paying by treaty and contract. And, number two, I said, and very strongly, NATO could be obsolete, because   and I was very strong on this, and it was actually covered very accurately in the New York Times, which is unusual for the New York Times, to be honest   but I said, they do not focus on terror. And I was very strong. And I said it numerous times. And about four months ago, I read on the front page of the Wall Street Journal that NATO is opening up a major terror division. And I think that s great. And I think we should get   because we pay approximately 73 percent of the cost of NATO. It s a lot of money to protect other people. But I m all for NATO. But I said they have to focus on terror, also.  And they re going to do that. And that was   believe me   I m sure I m not going to get credit for it   but that was largely because of what I was saying and my criticism of NATO. And believe me, you were the ones that took out the troops. Not only that, you named the day. They couldn t believe it. They sat back probably and said, I can t believe it. But you were there, and you were secretary of state when it was a little infant. Now it s in over 30 countries. And you re going to stop them? I don t think so. That is a mainstream media nonsense put out by her, because she   frankly, I think the best person in her campaign is mainstream media. Well, I have much better judgment than she does. There s no question about that. I also have a much better temperament than she has, you know? I have a much better   she spent   let me tell you   she spent hundreds of millions of dollars on an advertising   you know, they get Madison Avenue into a room, they put names   oh, temperament, let s go after   I think my strongest asset, maybe by far, is my temperament. I have a winning temperament. I know how to win. She does not have a Wait. The AFL-CIO the other day, behind the blue screen, I don t know who you were talking to, Secretary Clinton, but you were totally out of control. I said, there s a person with a temperament that s got a problem. Wrong  It s lies That line s getting a little bit old, I must say. I would like to It s not an accurate one at all. It s not an accurate one. So I just want to give a lot of things   and just to respond. I agree with her on one thing. The single greatest problem the world has is nuclear armament, nuclear weapons, not global warming, like you think and your   your president thinks.  Nuclear is the single greatest threat. Just to go down the list, we defend Japan, we defend Germany, we defend South Korea, we defend Saudi Arabia, we defend countries. They do not pay us. But they should be paying us, because we are providing tremendous service and we re losing a fortune. That s why we re losing   we re losing   we lose on everything. I say, who makes these   we lose on everything. All I said, that it s very possible that if they don t pay a fair share, because this isn t 40 years ago where we could do what we re doing. We can t defend Japan, a behemoth, selling us cars by the million. All I said was, they may have to defend themselves or they have to help us out. We re a country that owes $20 trillion. They have to help us out. Well, I have to say that, you know, for what Secretary Clinton was saying about nuclear with Russia, she s very cavalier in the way she talks about various countries. But Russia has been expanding their   they have a much newer capability than we do. We have not been updating from the new standpoint. We are not   we are not keeping up with other countries. I would like everybody to end it, just get rid of it. But I would certainly not do first strike. I think that once the nuclear alternative happens, it s over. At the same time, we have to be prepared. I can t take anything off the table. Because you look at some of these countries, you look at North Korea, we re doing nothing there. China should solve that problem for us. China should go into North Korea. China is totally powerful as it relates to North Korea. Why didn t you add other things into the deal? One of the great giveaways of all time, of all time, including $400 million in cash. Nobody s ever seen that before. That turned out to be wrong. It was actually $1.7 billion in cash, obviously, I guess for the hostages. It certainly looks that way.  So you say to yourself, why didn t they make the right deal? This is one of the worst deals ever made by any country in history. And they re going to end up getting nuclear. I met with Bibi Netanyahu the other day. Believe me, he s not a happy camper. But I will tell you that Hillary will tell you to go to her website and read all about how to defeat ISIS, which she could have defeated by never having it, you know, get going in the first place. Right now, it s getting tougher and tougher to defeat them, because they re in more and more places, more and more states, more and more nations. And she doesn t say that, because she s got no business ability. We need heart. We need a lot of things. But you have to have some basic ability. And sadly, she doesn t have that. All you have to do is speak to them. Wait. You have so many different things you have to be able to do, and I don t believe that Hillary has the stamina. The world   let me tell you. Let me tell you. Hillary has experience, but it s bad experience. We have made so many bad deals during the last   so she s got experience, that I agree.  But it s bad, bad experience. I never said that  I didn t say that  Where did you find this?  Oh, really? You know, Hillary is hitting me with tremendous commercials. Some of it s said in entertainment. Some of it s said   somebody who s been very vicious to me, Rosie O Donnell, I said very tough things to her, and I think everybody would agree that she deserves it and nobody feels sorry for her. But you want to know the truth?  I was going to say something extremely rough to Hillary, to her family, and I said to myself,  I can t do it. I just can t do it. It s inappropriate. It s not nice. Wow. In hindsight, it would have probably been easier to list the things Trump said that weren t completely and utterly ridiculous. When it finally came time to face off with Hillary Clinton on the debate stage, Trump failed miserably and totally embarrassed himself. As Hillary said Monday night, Donald  lives in his own reality,  presumably a reality where he thinks he actually makes sense.Featured image via Win McNamee/Getty Images",0
4476, WATCH: Megyn Kelly Takes A Shot At Hannity By Wondering When Trump Will Talk To A Real Journalist,"Fox News host Megyn Kelly seemed to take a shot at Sean Hannity on Monday night after the much anticipated first presidential debate when she had to throw the live coverage to an interview between her colleague and Republican nominee Donald Trump.Hannity has been a prime target for just about everyone ever since Trump was formally nominated during the last night of the Republican National Convention in July. Former Daily Show host Jon Stewart got the ball rolling that night by torching Hannity for being a complete hypocrite when it comes to how he has covered President Obama in the past to how he treats Donald Trump now.Not long after that, Wall Street Journal foreign affairs columnist Bret Stephens called Hannity the  dumbest anchor on Fox News,  and the Washington Post followed up by calling Hannity out for lying about Trump coming to the rescue of U.S. Marines.Then CNN s Brian Stelter piled on by nailing Hannity for lying about Hillary Clinton, and Newsweek reporter Kurt Eichenwald slammed Hannity for claiming that Hillary suffers seizures.And now Hannity is getting shade from one of his own colleagues.During the post-debate analysis on Fox News, Kelly had to introduce Hannity s interview with Donald Trump. And as she introduced the interview, Kelly wondered if Trump would be talking to the actual journalists in the room afterward. We ve got Trump speaking to our own Sean Hannity. We ll see whether he speaks to the journalists in this room after that interview. Here s the video via YouTube.Trump and Hannity proceeded to trash Hillary Clinton, but it looks like the main focus will be on Kelly for basically telling a lying commentator like Hannity to go f*ck himself.And he definitely deserved the shade. After all, Hannity is not a real journalist. He ignores facts and peddles bullshit and frankly shouldn t be allowed anywhere near the airwaves. Hannity is Trump s puppet and he clearly cannot be fair and balanced as the network he works for advertises.Featured image via screen capture",0
4477," Trump Insists Stop And Frisk Wasn’t Ruled Unconstitutional – He’s Wrong, It Was (VIDEO)","The first presidential debate was Monday and let s just say that Donald Trump had a very bad night. One of the GOP candidate s easiest lies to expose was his insistence that  stop and frisk wasn t ruled unconstitutional. He s wrong, it absolutely was.Debate moderator Lester Holt asked Trump about his recent arguments in favor of  stop and frisk  and mentioned that the court has declared the practice unconstitutional on the grounds that it is discriminatory. Stop and frisk  was ruled unconstitutional in New York, because it largely singled out black and Hispanic young men    Trump cut Holt off mid-sentence: No, you re wrong. It went before a judge who was a very against police judge. It was taken away from her and our mayor, our new mayor, refused to go forward with the case. They would have won an appeal. Factcheck: U.S. District Court Judge Shira A. Scheindlin ruled  stop and frisk  to be unconstitutional August 12, 2013. According to the Center for Constitutional Rights, Judge Shira Scheindlin found the NYPD s practices to violate New Yorkers  Fourth Amendment rights to be free from unreasonable searches and seizures and also found that the practices were racially discriminatory in violation of the Equal Protection Clause of the 14th Amendment, The Bloomberg administration did appeal the ruling. The order was then suspended by the Second Circuit Court of Appeals and the case was sent back to be tried again with a new judge presiding over the proceedings. However, the court shot down the city s motion and decided not to vacate Scheindlin s decision. The appeal was eventually dropped by the de Blasio administration.Trump, who has run a bigoted campaign right from the start, was completely undeterred by Holt s assertion of the facts and continued to argue vehemently in favor of the discriminatory policing practice.Watch Trump wrongly argue that  stop and frisk  wasn t ruled unconstitutional, even though it was, here:Featured image via video screen capture",0
4478, Bill Maher’s #DebateNight Live Tweetstorm Was The Most Glorious Trump Takedown EVER,"It s no secret that Bill Maher, comedian extraordinaire and host of HBO s Real Time, is no fan of GOP presidential nominee Donald Trump. So, of course he couldn t resist live tweeting the entire first general election presidential debate between Trump and Democratic nominee Hillary Clinton. The whole thing was one brilliant insult against Trump after another. Here are a few of the better tweets:GOP won expectations game when it nominated an orangutan. As long as he doesn't fling his poop, ""Surprisingly dignified Trump last night""  Bill Maher (@billmaher) September 27, 2016Want to see Hillary come out and say ""The Russians just handed me your tax returns"" just to see if Trump bolts  Bill Maher (@billmaher) September 27, 2016Trump adjusting his Spanx right now, and one final pass with the can of Final Net  Bill Maher (@billmaher) September 27, 2016Trump proud of himself that he called her ""Secretary Clinton""   as opposed to what, Bitchula?  Bill Maher (@billmaher) September 27, 2016Trump. Wearing a tie made in China, just sayin'  Bill Maher (@billmaher) September 27, 2016OK,I hope she's playing rope-a-dope, and I do mean dope, because I'm getting tired of this vile nincompoop bullying and lieing and its early  Bill Maher (@billmaher) September 27, 2016Trump: ""Being in Iraq was a disaster, but we shld take the oil""WE WLD HAVE TO BE BACK IN IRAQ TO TAKE THE OIL! They won't give it to a drone  Bill Maher (@billmaher) September 27, 2016btw, you know a charge agst Trump is 100% provably true when he interrupts with ""Wrong!"" #debates  Bill Maher (@billmaher) September 27, 2016And, of course, for his closers, Maher had to do what he s been doing on his show ever since it became clear who the nominees would be, and hit those who refuse to vote for Hillary:However this comes out, I have so little respect for the electorate just that its this close. She's right, she shld be 50 points ahead.  Bill Maher (@billmaher) September 27, 2016But he definitely saved his best line for last, as he called Trump his favorite phrase:Negative ads in a political race are ""not nice?"" There's no crying in politics, you #WhinyLittleBitch!  Bill Maher (@billmaher) September 27, 2016Let s face it, no matter how Trump s surrogates try to spin this   and they are already out in force doing their damndest   he lost this thing tonight, badly. He made an absolute fool of himself. There s just no way around it. Of course, his uneducated core supporters will still vote for him, but there s no way this one got the undecided voters into Trump s corner. The one thing tonight did do, though, is give us plenty of entertainment.Featured image via Sara D. Davis/Getty Images",0
4479, Here’s The Entire Debate Wrapped Up In One PERFECT GIF,"There s not much to say here. GIPHY killed it with this one: When someone goes on a rant but you have receipts. https://t.co/axe58zCeJL #debatenight #Debates2016 pic.twitter.com/KTgdWAvaAb  GIPHY (@giphy) September 27, 2016Photo by Justin Sullivan/Getty Images",0
4480, Donald Trump Attacked Clinton’s ‘Stamina’ And Her Response Was Absolutely Brilliant (VIDEO),"After Monday s debate, Donald Trump almost certainly wishes he had been covered in honey, placed on top of a colony of fire ants, and kicked in his surely gold-plated testicles repeatedly as someone reads  Twilight  to him rather than face Hillary Clinton in a head-to-head matchup.Moderator Lester Holt reminded Trump that he said Clinton doesn t have a  presidential look  and asked him what he meant by that. She doesn t have the look,  Trump replied.  She doesn t have the stamina. I said she doesn t have the stamina and I don t believe she does have the stamina. To be President of this country, you need tremendous stamina. Clinton, who was an absolute badass the entire debate, just stood there. And laughed. And smiled. And let him talk. Then, when it was her turn, she turned the burn up to 9,000 degrees: Well, as soon as he travels to 112 countries and negotiates a peace deal, a ceasefire, a release of dissidents, or even spends 11 hours testifying in front of a congressional committee, he can talk to me about stamina. Watch Clinton bring down the hammer below:Featured image via Getty Images/Drew Angerer",0
4481, Trump Literally Just Said He’d Take Guns Away From Anyone Without Due Process,"In discussing shootings and crime in the first of three presidential debates, Donald Trump not only greatly exaggerated the number of shootings in Chicago, and claimed that stop and frisk was both constitutional and effective, he also advocated taking guns away from people without due process. Of course, he thinks that the police would only take guns away from criminals, and that the Constitution is different for criminals, but everyone has a constitutional right to due process. Doesn t matter to Trump, though: We have to take guns away from bad people that shouldn t have them. Those were Trump s words in the debate, where he defended stop-and-frisk as constitutional despite the fact that it was literally ruled otherwise, and has also been deemed ineffective. How the NRA can possibly support a candidate that would take guns away from anybody at all without due process is beyond us. That s especially true given the fact that this isn t the first time Trump has said this: [Police officers are] proactive, and if they see a person possibly with a gun or they think they have a gun, they will see the person and they ll look and they ll take the gun away. They ll stop, they ll frisk and they ll take the gun away, and they won t have anything to shoot with. The 2nd Amendment cannot exist without due process. The NRA is literally supporting a candidate who would take guns away from law-abiding citizens. Literally.Featured image by Drew Angerer/Getty Images",0
4482," Trump Won’t Tell America Where His Products Are Made, So Here’s A Handy Guide (IMAGES)","Donald Trump constantly talks about how he ll  make America great again.  He ll bring jobs back, put America first, all that populist, nationalist jazz that put him in the position of being the Republican nominee in the first place. However, there s one thing Trump can do to help Americans get more jobs: he can actually make his own products in the United States of America.Well, since Trump won t readily make his manufacturing practices available to the American public on his own campaign website, Hillary has given us a handy guide complete with images, on hers. She calls it  A Buyer s Guide For Donald Trump.  While Donald Trump says that it s very hard to have apparel made in this country,  or   they don t even make the stuff here. It s so hard to get.  Hillary proves him wrong right away. Here is a handy map of where Trump can get all of his things made, right here in America, courtesy of HillaryClinton.com:Hillary then goes ahead to list the individual categories on this map, complete with lists of places that each kind of product can be made. For instance, here s all the places Trump can make ties:Instead, he makes them in China. And that is just one example. Go to Hillary s website for a full list. In other words, Trump s rhetoric is just that: bluster and bombaste for the sake of excusing his anti-American business practices. If Trump wants to bring jobs back to America, he can start with his own companies.Thanks for the handy guide, Hillary! No doubt Trump will never read it.Featured image via Sara D. Davis/Getty Images",0
4483, New Study Proves America Keeps Getting Better And Better Under Obama,"The cornerstone of Donald Trump s presidential campaign can be summed up in just a few words: Things suck and it s all Obama s fault. For Trump, this tweet pretty much optimizes his take on poverty:Our country does not feel  great already  to the millions of wonderful people living in poverty, violence and despair.  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) July 28, 2016This was in response to President Obama saying during the Democratic National Convention that  America is already great. So, who is correct? Are Americans trapped in a socioeconomic hell hole or are things far more optimistic? According to a study published by the New York Times, things are vastly better for Americans than they were when Obama took office in 2009.The article began by profiling Alex Caicedo of Gaithersburg, MD. A few years ago, Caicedo was struggling with odd and part time jobs. He and his family were forced to live with his mother-in-law. Today, he has a steady middle class job with benefits and the family is ready to move out of his mother-in-law s home. They are far from alone.The Caicedos are among the 3.5 million Americans who were able to raise their chins above the poverty line last year, according to census data released this month. More than seven years after the recession ended, employers are finally being compelled to reach deeper into the pools of untapped labor, creating more jobs, especially among retailers, restaurants and hotels, and paying higher wages to attract workers and meet new minimum wage requirements.What about the minorities, who, according to Trump, have never had it worse? Well, that s another Trump lie. Not only have minorities suffered much, much worse throughout history (slavery, Jim Crow), but they too have it dramatically better since Obama took office.Poverty declined among every group. But African-Americans and Hispanics  who account for more than 45 percent of those below the poverty line of $24,300 for a family of four in most states   experienced the largest improvement.Sorry, Republicans, but you don t get an ounce of credit for the improvements. If anything, things would be much better if Republicans weren t in office. The Times credits social programs like Social Security and food stamps for keeping people out of poverty. They also credit the fall in oil prices for people being able to commute to their jobs. One major factor, and Republicans will hate this, is that the increases in minimum wage are also taking people out of poverty.After a long period of rising inequality, Elise Gould, an economist at the left-leaning Economic Policy Institute in Washington, added, the benefits of the improving economy finally began to seep downward. Wage increases were  even stronger at the bottom than in the middle,  she said.Still, it s not enough. 43 million Americans still live in poverty. Republicans have successfully blocked poor people from acquiring college degrees or job training that might help raise people out of poverty. For those without access to computers or the internet, finding a job can be burdensome. For those who can t afford cars, a job search can be impossible.If this proves anything, it should be that it s time to continue successful Democratic policies, not cut them off at the knees, as Republicans would do.Featured image via Chip Somodevilla/Getty Images.",0
4484, Biographer Says Trump Might Not Actually Be A Billionaire: ‘He Just Makes It Up’ (VIDEO),"Donald Trump s lies are catching up to him one by one, and the latest person to call him out is Pulitzer Prize-winning journalist and biographer David Cay Johnston.Some of you may not know who Johnston is, but he is the author behind The Making of Donald Trump   so he knows quite a bit about who the erratic business mogul is and isn t. In a newly released video, Johnston claims that there is absolutely no proof that Trump is the billionaire he says he is   adding another layer of deceit and fraud to Trump s already horrendous track record.The clip was published by Business Insider, where Johnston goes through Trump s bragging claims and compares them to the actual data on the business mogul s court records and bank filings. For example, Johnston says that last year, Trump said his net worth was $8.7 billion, $10 billion, $11 billion and higher,  even though there was nothing going on in the economy that would suggest that kind of gyrations of net worth.  The truth is, Trump is lying though his teeth. Johnston said: The fact of the matter is that Donald Trump just makes it up. Johnston also brought up a court testimony where Trump said he uses his gut  feelings  and  emotional state  to determine his net worth. Johnston joked about how  nuts  it was, and imitated Trump s strategy: By the way, I m having a great day today. I think my net worth must be at least a billion dollars. Johnston has been trying to get America to believe that Trump s billionaire status was fake since 1990. During that time, a net worth statement by Trump s bankers said that the GOP nominee s net worth was actually negative $295 million.Johnston is still standing by the claim that Trump isn t as successful as he seems, and continues to insist that although Trump is well off, there is  no evidence that he is a billionaire. You can watch Johnston call out Trump s lies below:Featured image via Spencer Platt / Getty Images",0
4485, Republican Gov Wrecked Economy So Bad He’s Started Censoring Reports,"Kansas is bleeding money and jobs and Governor Sam Brownback doesn t want the people to know how devastating his economic policies have been.In 2011, the Tea Party governor was so confident that his economic policy of massive tax cuts for the wealthy and reduced spending would turn Kansas into an economic powerhouse that he created a special group charged with writing reports on the results.But Brownback s experiment has failed so spectacularly that the state is billions of dollars in debt, education funding is suffering, and job growth is pathetic. So pathetic that Kansas is losing more jobs than it has gained.In January, Brownback couldn t handle a report put together by his group that admitted  Kansas sometimes was faring worse than it had before Brownback became governor,  so he made every effort to cover it up.In other words, he censored it because his group was supposed to report that the economy is soaring, not falling to the ground like a rock.Kansas Center for Economic Growth executive director Heidi Holliday blasted Brownback for killing the report. He specifically asked the council to hold him accountable through rigorous performance metrics. Five years later, the metrics clearly show his tax experiment has failed while business leaders and local chambers of commerce across the state openly ask him to change course. In fact, Brownback is so desperate to keep the people of Kansas from calling for tarring and feathering him in a public square that he is turning to the federal government. Instead of writing their own independent reports, the group is now restricted to getting their information from the Federal Reserve, which conservatives often claim is responsible whenever economic issues occur.That particularly surprised Kansas House Minority Leader Tom Burroughs, who was quick to point out the irony. The missed revenue marks, missed job reports, missed projections shed light on his failed policies. I kind of find it a little ironic they chose to go to a federal government report after they blamed President Obama for our economic problems. Governor Brownback s economic experiment is a complete failure and a joke. Kansas  economy is now in shambles and Republicans have no one to blame but themselves. They believed that by implementing an extreme conservative fiscal policy without interference from Democrats that they would prove trickle-down economics as a total success. Instead, it failed miserably and now they want to censor any results from being reported.By all rights, Brownback should have ousted by voters in 2014. But now Kansas is stuck with him and his failed policies for at least another two years. Meanwhile, the wealthy are laughing all the way to the bank.Featured image via Liberalbias.com",0
4486," Jewish Elders Warn Their Grandchildren: Vote For Hillary, ‘We’ve Seen This Before’ (VIDEO)","This election will ask us to choose one of the following: an overqualified, dignified woman, or a fascist, xenophobic billionaire. The woman, Hillary Clinton, has dedicated her life to fighting for the rights and dignities of all, while the man, Donald Trump, has fought only for himself and his pockets.One group that tends to vote Democrat   but has been leaning a little more towards the right recently   are Jewish people. In 2008, 78 percent of Jewish Americans voted for President Obama, as did 74 percent in 2012.This year is different. Instead of facing off against John McCain or Mitt Romney, the Democrats are facing off against the definition of fascism and xenophobia. And they have a message to their grandchildren: vote for Hillary Clinton.Why? Because they ve seen this before.In a video titled  A Message From Grandma & Grandpa: We ve Seen This Before,  a group of elderly Jewish Americans plead with their younger generations to get out and vote, and warns against the type of man Donald Trump is. They  enlisted some powerful allies in the effort to defeat Donald Trump: grandparents.  And they aren t holding back: This is probably one of the most important elections, because there is so much is at stake. Of course, their experiences with Germany take front and center: We have seen this before. We saw it in Germany, and don t want to see it again. Their hatred for Trump is not hidden, and for good reason: Trump is more than a tyrant. He s an obnoxious lying individual and I haven t any respect for him. I have tremendous fears for the country and and for you, my grandchildren. Adding some lighthearted (but important) humor, one grandparent tells their grandkids: If you vote the future is yours. If you don t vote for Hillary, and that crazy man Trump is elected, I ll haunt you when I die. Another promises to be a major spoiler: I ll spoil every episode of  Game of Thrones. When you re having a dinner party, I ll come down and say something racist, but if you re voting for Trump, you probably don t care. The powerful video, sponsored by Bend the Arc Jewish Action, was released to warn future generations not to forget their history, and to listen to the wisdom of their elders, especially ones that know oppression when they see it: We, as Jews, recognize that [Trump s] candidacy has echoed times when the Jewish community experienced the dangers of fascism, anti-immigration and persecution against religious minorities. We ve seen this before and we wanted to make sure that as Jews we were speaking out boldly and loudly and making sure it was known the Jewish community rejects Trump for the platform of hatred and bigotry that he has unleashed. Watch the powerful ad here:Featured image from the video",0
4487, Georgia Trump Supporter Preparing For Civil War If Hillary Clinton Wins Election (AUDIO),"Donald Trump supporters are so desperate to be in power that they are threatening America at gunpoint to vote for him or be killed.That s what Georgia Trump fan Jimmy Arno is preparing for after the election votes are tallied in November because he expects a bloody civil war to break out in order to overthrow the government before Hillary Clinton is inaugurated.Arno is even considering joining a right-wing militia, whom he collectively refers to as  patriots,  because he seriously believes only they can defend the Constitution. Should martial law, civil war   whatever   break out in this country, they will uphold the Constitution and rebuild our loss,  he said.  The war that s going to break out if Hillary Clinton s elected, if that happens. Your patriots are going to overthrow the government. And of course, Arno is a fan of the Confederacy, loves the Confederate flag, and has a portrait of Robert E. Lee hanging in his living room.So basically, what Arno is saying is that he believes the South will rise again and a civil war sequel will turn out differently. This time a rebellion will somehow succeed even though the United States military, including a navy and air force, would be standing in their way.Nevertheless, threats of civil war and violent rebellion are frightening but they also prove that conservatives are unfit to govern because apparently the only way they can do so is with a gun pressed against the heads of the people.Arno went on to blame President Obama directly for the high racial tensions. I know that we were a whole lot further along racially eight years ago than we are today,  he claims.But the fact is that Republicans raised those racial tensions themselves by vowing to make President Obama fail from the start simply because of the color of his skin and their claim that he is an illegitimate president. The birther movement, of which Trump is a prominent leader, contends that President Obama is not one of us and that he wasn t born here. The election of President Obama made racists, including Arno, mad so they started publicly throwing a hissy fit and their tantrums have only gotten worse in the last eight years.Here s the audio via NPR.Trump supporters are deplorable people who want to shoot and kill anyone who disagrees with them just so they can watch the world burn. If Hillary Clinton is elected president as she should be, conservatives need to accept that they lost instead of resorting to taking up arms against the country. Such an action is treason and would only demonstrate that they are nothing more than sore losers who should never be allowed to get close to political power ever again.Featured image via screenshot",0
4488, Networks Confirm They Will Not Be Fact-Checking Donald Trump In Any Way,"There s already been hints from NBC News that Lester Holt, the moderator for the first presidential debate between Donald Trump and Hillary Clinton, will not be fact checking the candidates. This, of course, will allow Trump to say anything he pleases without being held accountable   except by Hillary Clinton.But to make matters worse, all cable news networks (including those critical of Trump) are pledging to be completely spineless, and will not offer any on-screen fact checks to any comments made by the candidates that are wrong:While on-screen fact-checking could help expose inaccurate or misleading assertions without interrupting the flow of the debate, nearly all of the major cable or broadcast networks, including Univision and Telemundo, said that they would not use any sort on screen fact check or graphics  . Thus, the burden of keeping the candidates honest will likely come down to Holt, the only other person on the stage.After Politico documented that Trump lies on average every three-and-a-half minutes, one would think a fact checking process would be paramount to an honest, open debate on the issues. But sadly, the media, realizing their ratings are on the line, would rather kowtow to Donald Trump and his band of deplorable surrogates.The Clinton campaign has been forceful in its effort to hold Trump accountable, with Clinton Campaign Communications Director Jennifer Palmieri telling reporters:For the moderator to let lies like that that come out of his mouth at this debate to go unchallenged would give Donald Trump an unfair advantage. We do believe it is the role of the moderator   to call out those lies and to do that in real time.Unfortunately, with Trump s impending lies already on the brink of not being checked for falsehoods, it s somehow up to Hillary Clinton to  shine  at the debate if she hopes to  win.  This double standard that the most qualified woman to every run for office has to go above and beyond that most unqualified nominee in history, just to look slightly better than him, is abhorrent.Hopefully, Clinton will wipe the floor with Trump on the first debate, but with no one to back her up, it may be hard convincing the American people that she did it.If there is one thing this election has shown us, it s that journalism is dying, if not already dead.Featured image via Sara D. Davis/Getty Images",0
4489, Watch Trump’s Campaign Manager Crash And Burn While Claiming Trump Doesn’t Lie (VIDEO),"Defending Donald Trump is no easy task, but even his most prominent campaign members are struggling to make sense of his behavior and comments.When MSNBC s Morning Joe had campaign manager Kellyanne Conway on board to talk ahead of the Monday night debate between Trump and Democratic candidate Hillary Clinton, Trump s righthand woman couldn t have been any more defensive and avoidant. In all honesty, she failed miserably to make her candidate look good, and choked under the pressure.Bloomberg Politics host Mark Halperin, who was also a guest on Morning Joe with Conway, asked the Trump campaign manager about Trump falsely accusing the debate moderator, NBC s Lester Holt, of being a Democrat. He asked: He said Lester Holt was a Democrat. Lester Holt is a Republican. How could he say such a thing that just black-and white factually incorrect? It was a fair question, and Conway wasn t ready for it. Her response was basically that Trump was not a liar; he just spoke without knowing the truth. Conway responded: I don t know that he knew what Lester Holt s voter registration is. Halperin wasn t letting it go. He pressed Conway, repeating back to her what she d just said: Without knowing then, he asserted he was a Democrat? Conway then tried to use one of her boss  favorite interview tactics   dancing around questions. She fired back: First of all, if you tell me the media are not overly populated with Democrats, that s false. At this point, Halperin is getting frustrated and tries to keep Conway focused. He points out just exactly what was wrong in Trump s comments about Holt: I m asking about a very specific thing. He made a factual claim about the moderator who deserves the right to be treated fairly and it was just wrong. And it s a metaphor for his frequently in public stating things with no basis, that are wrong. Again, instead of responding, Conway began talking about the backlash NBC s Matt Lauer received after being  too nice  to Trump. It then becomes obvious that Morning Joe s Mika Bzrezinki is also losing her patience, when she says,  This is a filibuster  while Conway rants on. Halperin once again tries to bring the conversation back: You re not answering what I asked you. I m asking you how someone running for president can assert on the eve of the debate that the moderator is a Democrat, which is factually incorrect? How can he do that? He shouldn t have asserted  he didn t say,  I don t know what he is, but I think he s biased,  he said he s a Democrat. Conway left this topic again to attack Hillary Clinton and the media, and Brzezinski had to refocus her by saying, I don t understand what that has to do with Mark s question. We were asking why he lied about Lester Holt. Conway finally says,  I don t think he lied  and Brzezinski corrected her, Um, I think he did.  Conway then gave this moronic reply: Mika, a lie would mean he knew the man s party registration. Co-host Joe Scarborough had to cut the conversation short, but not before an exasperated Halperin could ask, So as president, would he say things that are false without knowing the truth? You can watch the interview below:.@KellyannePolls: Trump  didn t lie  about Lester Holt,  a lie would mean that he knew the man s party registration  https://t.co/dZWTCwpoim  Morning Joe (@Morning_Joe) September 26, 2016Featured image is a screenshot",0
4490, NC Civil Rights Museum Tells ‘Disrespectful’ Trump To Go F*ck Himself,"Lately, Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump has been making a show of reaching out to black voters. Of course, it hasn t been actual black people he is speaking to; after all, other than Uncle Tom types like Omarosa and Don King, that s a voting bloc he s never going to win. No, he s trying to send a signal to white voters who can t stomach voting for an overt racist that he s not, well, racist. He s trying to make them forget all the racist garbage he s spewed throughout this campaign and throughout his life.Perhaps the most despicable part of this so-called  outreach  is the fact that he is using the black community to try and score political points. He is going to black churches and troubled communities to try and convince people that he cares. Well, one place that Trump tried to use on his crazy outreach tour has completely rebuffed him: The International Civil Rights Center and Museum in Greensboro, North Carolina.According t0 Earl Jones, co-founder of the museum, Trump s team made a list of exploitative demands that disrespected the museum staff and insisted upon special treatment for Trump   including closing the place down for hours on end so that Trump could come. Well, that wasn t happening for sure, Jones said. The co-founder went on to say of the Trump camp s request: We did not honor the request of the Donald Trump team because we thought they demonstrated, in their approach was disrespectful, so therefore we did not grant that request.The approach, the type of disrespect, pretty much a demand and bullying us to use the museum in their manner and their way in their time,  it was inappropriate and I think it s probably reflective of the type of insensitivity of civil rights and human rights that s reflective from Trump over the years. Who wouldn t want to be a fly on the wall when Trump got THIS news? That was probably a temper tantrum for the ages. Kellyanne Conway probably had to take his phone for hours on end so that he wouldn t attack these people on Twitter for daring to stand up to his blatant and aggressive attempts to use them to score political points.Anyone who isn t completely tone deaf here knows that Trump doesn t give a damn about black people   or anyone else, for that matter   and it s about time that some of these places stop allowing Trump to use them to engage in his disgusting brand of dog whistle racist politics.Well done, International Civil Rights Center and Museum, and Earl Jones. It s about time someone called Trump on his shit.Featured image via Spencer Platt/Getty Images",0
4491, WATCH: Fox Host Whines How It’s Not Fair That Men Can’t Condescend To Women,"Ahead of tomorrow night s debates, where Hillary will have an abundance of facts, figures, experience and knowledge at her disposal while Trump will only have misogynistic insults and outright lies at his, a Fox host is complaining that television is home to reverse sexism. Why?Because men can t condescend to women on TV, and that s just not fair.Wah wah wah someone bring the guy a tissue before he blows his nose all over the women he s working with. Bill Hemmer was speaking with Jessica Tarlov about the debate, and Tarlov said she feels it s absolutely appropriate for Hillary to criticize Trump s misogyny and racism while onstage. When Tarlov began listing specific examples of Trump being racist and misogynistic, she said,  I could go on, obviously,  to which conservative lobbyist Matt Schlapp said,  You are! Hemmer cut in with: We work in television. And I ve always thought that when a man and a woman is on television, a woman can be sarcastic or even, perhaps, a little condescending toward a man and it s okay. But a man can never do that to a woman and get away with it. Watch below:While Hemmer s logic might sound reasonable on the surface, here s why it s not: Reverse oppression (racism against whites, sexism against men, discrimination against straight, cisgender people, etc.) doesn t exist because oppressors can t suddenly become the oppressed. Oppression, particularly by straight, white, cis, Christian men, is woven into our society. It s insidious. And while yes, men can experience prejudice and stereotype, our society is built by men, for men. Prejudice and stereotype are not the same as oppression.It s not about one person being an asshat to another, which is what Hemmer is really whining about and equates with so-called  reverse sexism.  When Schlapp responded to Tarlov s litany of Trump sins with,  You are!  he was putting her in her place, not arguing her point. That is sexist. That s relegating her and her arguments into the background as irrelevant on the basis of her gender, not the merits of her argument.As a woman, Tarlov can t send a man back into the background because he s not in the background to begin with, as she is. That s just the way it is.Since Hemmer works for Fox Noise, though, it s only natural that he probably won t even attempt to understand this.As far as Trump and the debates, Hillary won t be putting Trump in the  man s place  when she calls him out on his sexism, racism, etc. She can t   but he can try and put her in her place and he does it all the time. She s calling out fundamental flaws in Trump that make him unsuited to lead a country that desperately needs its oppressive structures torn down. He, on the other hand, will build on those very structures.Featured image via screen capture from embedded video",0
4492, WATCH: Black Protesters Drove David Duke Out Of His Own Racist Protest,"David Duke, a former Ku Klux Klan Grand Wizard, finally got what he deserved when he was forced out of a racist protest on Saturday in New Orleans, Louisiana.The protest Duke attended was to counter the Take  Em Down NOLA protest, which was calling for the removal of a Confederate statue of Andrew Jackson   but fortunately, Duke was stopped when a crowd of Black Lives Matter protesters chased him away. Sadly, this confrontation didn t occur before Duke could share some of his white supremacist rhetoric with the crowd. Duke preached: I tell you one thing. It was built by the forefathers of the European Americans who created this country and who gave us our constitution. Who gave us our freedoms and they should not lose their rights and liberty in their own country. They should not have their statues taken down. They should not lose their culture of this society. I am here to defend our American heritage. Our Louisiana heritage and our New Orleans heritage. But it didn t take long before protesters surrounded Duke, and started calling him out. A crowd gathered and chanted things like Racist, fascist, anti-gay!  and  Right-wing bigot go away!  These protesters refused to let up until they had forced Duke out of Jackson Square completely.TwitterYou can watch the video of Duke being driven out by protesters below:David Duke is yet another racist white man who serves as a major threat to this country. Duke is not only one of Donald Trump s most racist, loyal supporters, but he is now running for Senate in Louisiana after being inspired by the support that Donald Trump s hateful rhetoric has received from racist voters.Trump has created an environment where racists like Duke believe they can thrive, and it s becoming more and more critical that we continue to shut down white supremacy whenever we see it. These protesters did an amazing job in the face of hate, and hopefully Duke will be even just a little bit discouraged.Featured image Twitter and screenshot",0
4493, Trump Has Been Sued REPEATEDLY For Disabilities Violations At His Properties,"Throughout the past 19 years, Donald Trump has been sued no less than eight times for violations of the Americans with Disabilities Act at his various properties, and has done his best to drag out these cases for as long as possible. In addition, a federal inspection at one of his properties also turned up multiple ADA violations.Five of the cases ended in a settlement and two others were resolved in consent decrees that required Trumpto make modifications to the properties to bring them into compliance with the ADA. One ended when both sides requested the case be dismissed and another was brought to a close in a bankruptcy.Christine Da Silva, a Trump Hotels spokeswoman, claims that Trump works very hard and spends lots of money to make sure his buildings are accessible to people with disabilities. It is the policy at all of our properties to comply with the Americans with Disabilities Act. This handful of cases, many of which are over ten years old, are not representative of our organization s strong record of ADA compliance. However, that  handful of cases  is pretty damning and doesn t support Trump s claims.In a suit filed in 1997, James Conlon, who is paraplegic, filed a lawsuit against Trump s Atlantic City Plaza Hotel alleging basic and serious deficiencies in accessibility. He stayed at the hotel and although he was placed in a room that was supposedly accessible, the toilets and showers were not usable by someone in a wheelchair. As for the public restrooms, they were so inaccessible he had to ask for help from strangers to be able to use them at all. A year later, Trump settled the case and agreed to renovate the accessible guest rooms and public restrooms, bringing them into compliance with the ADA. But a year later, Trump admitted to a judge that the renovations had yet to be completed.In 2001, a suit was brought by Robert Levine and Frieda Zames, who are both wheelchair users. They alleged that Trump International kept the wheelchair lift locked and when employees finally managed to locate the key, they had no idea how to use it. Levine said the degrading incident made him feel like a  second-class citizen.  Zames said it was as if  she were a  grade school child asking permission to go to the restroom.  In an attempt to shift the responsibility, Trump blamed the architects. The case was  amicably settled  in 2009 after both sides decided to dismiss the case.In 2003, Conlon filed suit against Trump once again, this time alleging the bus between New York and the Atlantic City, New Jersey, casino was only accessible to wheelchair users if notice was given at least a week in advance. Naturally, Trump sued the bus company and said it was all their fault, but he eventually settled the case.In 2004,  a disabled Purple Heart veteran filed suit against the Trump International Hotel and Tower in New York, alleging the property was not equipped with adequately accessible emergency exits, guest rooms and restrooms. Trump did everything he could to get rid of the suit, besides just making his hotel accessible to people with disabilities, that is. He attempted to have the case dismissed and dragged it out for three years. Just like in 2004, Trump blamed the architects and even launched a countersuit, which a judge called bullsh*t on and dismissed.Helena Berger, the president and CEO of the nonprofit American Association of People with Disabilities, said Trump s relentless attempts to squirm his way out of the suit were  appalling. What was so striking and frankly appalling was the way he tried to fight [the violations].,  Berger said.  That, I think, is really telling. The Plaza Hotel became the subject of another complaint in 2007, which the plaintiffs eventually agreed to dismiss. Yet another lawsuit was brought against the hotel in 2008 but came to an end when Trump s company declared bankruptcy in 2009.In 2011, the Trump Taj Mahal settled with the Department of Justice after an inspection by the U.S. Attorney s Office turned up a long list of ADA violations. And more recently, in 2014, Trump claimed that making the pool at the Trump National Doral Miami golf course would impose an undue burden.  Four months after the suit was filed, Trump and the plaintiffs entered into a consent decree.Featured image via video screen capture ",0
4494, Watch Bill Maher Deliver The Hard Truth So Many Republicans Just Don’t Want To Hear (VIDEO),"Win or lose, the fact that Donald Trump was able to win the Republican presidential primary says a lot about the future of the GOP. As much as many Republicans don t want to admit it, they ve allowed their party to slip into the hands of the extreme far right, and at this point, there s really no turning back.Appearing on Real Time with Bill Maher, Former Mitt Romney adviser Lanhee Chen explained that there are Republicans, like Romney, you seek to right the ship, so to speak. He said: After this election, the Republican Party does have some soul-searching to do. But to say that it is permanently changed implies that I think [Trump] will have some permanent influence on how we think about the world, and I think, from the perspective of someone who hopes that isn t true   I hope that isn t true. However, Maher pointed out that the problem isn t so much coming from within the establishment of the Republican party, but rather from the voting base it s been so desperate to attract to gain power. Maher said: I mean they didn t want Trump, a lot of them. And we see a lot of these Vichy Republicans who go along because they don t want to upset the apple cart. They know better. They know where their bread is buttered, where their voters are. But you can get rid of the Trump, you can t get rid of the voter. That s who they want. Then when Chen desperately tries to say that all they need to do is reach out to more people and attract new voters, Maher said: That s not what the base wants. The base is deplorable. The current GOP base, the base that elected Trump to be its party s nominee, wants it to be the white power organization that it has drifted into becoming. The Republican Party had the chance to oust the far-right crazy mindset, but they allowed a circus of a primary with 17 candidates. Which then led to a small majority gaining behind Trump while all the other votes were dispersed. They should have unified behind a solid candidate and Trump wouldn t have stood a chance. Talking about outreach now is way too little too late. The Republican party, as it was, is over, especially if Trump wins in November.Watch the full segment here:Featured image via video screen capture",0
4495, Major Newspaper Breaks 100 Year Tradition With 2016 Endorsement,"The Cincinnati Enquirer has endorsed Republicans for president for nearly a century but Donald Trump forced the paper to break the streak..Despite having reservations about Hillary Clinton, the longtime newspaper could not justify supporting the Republican nominee this time around. Trump, despite all of his bluster about wanting to  make America great again,  has exploited and expanded our internal divisions,  the Enquirer noted.The Enquirer has supported Republicans for president for almost a century   a tradition this editorial board doesn t take lightly. But this is not a traditional race, and these are not traditional times. Our country needs calm, thoughtful leadership to deal with the challenges we face at home and abroad. We need a leader who will bring out the best in all Americans, not the worst.That s why there is only one choice when we elect a president in November: Hillary Clinton.The Enquirer pointed out that Clinton has worked on both sides of the aisle to craft bipartisan legislation and has the experience necessary to be a good president in both domestic and foreign affairs. Furthermore, the Enquirer appreciates that her campaign is inclusive, noting that she has fought for LGBT rights and supports income equality for women.Trump, however, only represents national ruin and embarrassment.Trump is a clear and present danger to our country. He has no history of governance that should engender any confidence from voters. Trump has no foreign policy experience, and the fact that he doesn t recognize it   instead insisting that,  I know more about ISIS than the generals do    is even more troubling. His wild threats to blow Iranian ships out of the water if they make rude gestures at U.S. ships is just the type of reckless, cowboy diplomacy Americans should fear from a Trump presidency. Clinton has been criticized as being hawkish but has shown a measured approach to the world s problems. Do we really want someone in charge of our military and nuclear codes who has an impulse control problem? The fact that so many top military and national security officials are not supporting Trump speaks volumes.The Enquirer also noted that Trump is aligned with white supremacists and has filed bankruptcy multiple times, which defeats the notion that he is a successful businessman.In the end, there is only one real choice for president in 2016, and the Enquirer bucked a 100 year tradition and picked Hillary Clinton.In these uncertain times, America needs a brave leader, not bravado. Real solutions, not paper-thin promises. A clear eye toward the future, not a cynical appeal to the good old days.Hillary Clinton has her faults, certainly, but she has spent a lifetime working to improve the lives of Americans both inside and outside of Washington. It s time to elect the first female U.S. president   not because she s a woman, but because she s hands-down the most qualified choice.This endorsement is particularly important because Ohio is a swing state that will likely be a close call this November. A newspaper endorsement like this one could help many voters make up their minds and could even change enough minds to make a difference. The fact that this newspaper endorsed a Democratic nominee for the first time in about a century is, in the words of Joe Biden, a  big f*cking deal. Featured image via Justin Sullivan/Getty Images",0
4496, GOP Sent Armed Agents To Harass Clinton Aide And Used Your Tax Dollars To Do It,"Republicans in Congress used tax dollars to send armed agents to harass a former aide to Secretary Hillary Clinton as part of the never-ending fishing expedition into Clinton s emails.Bryan Pagliano was a tech aide who helped to set up the server for Clinton s emails, and has made top Republicans on the House Oversight and Government Reform Committee angry because he is asserting his Fifth Amendment right against self-incrimination and refuses to testify.It is unclear why they need his testimony. The FBI and Department of Justice have already determined that Clinton s use of the email server does not warrant prosecution.But Republicans on the committee decided to flex their muscle anyways:But when the House Oversight and Government Reform Committee subpoenaed Pagliano last week, his lawyers said he would again assert his Fifth Amendment rights. They added that he was willing to meet with the committee in private to make that assertion, but was unwilling to do so under the glare of television cameras in a public event.That prompted Committee Chairman Jason Chaffetz (R-Utah) to dispatch the armed marshals with a fresh subpoena last Friday, Chaffetz revealed in Thursday s hearing. To clear up any ambiguity created by Mr. Pagliano s six lawyers about whether they would confirm service of the prior subpoenas   which they refused to do   we had the U.S. marshals personally serve him,  Chaffetz said.The political stunt was slammed by Rep. Elijah Cummings (D-MD) who said,  This served no purpose but to harass and intimidate Mr. Pagliano. The chairman ordered this action in secret, without even notifying Democratic committee members of his plan.  No consultation, no debate, no vote. Republicans have sought to use their control of congress as a government funded super PAC to attack Clinton. In addition to her emails, Republicans have created multiple committees investigating the attack on U.S. personnel in Benghazi. All of these committees have cleared Clinton and President Obama of wrongdoing, but the GOP leadership insists on wasting more and more money on these cases.And it is all financed by taxpayers.Featured image via Flickr",0
4497, Sarah Palin Celebrates After White Man Who Pulled Gun On Black Protesters Goes Unpunished (VIDEO),"Sarah Palin, one of the nigh-innumerable  deplorables  in Donald Trump s  basket,  almost outdid herself in terms of horribleness on Friday. I know, I know, it seems impossible   but it s true. Palin posted a link to an article on Facebook that shows a white man pulling a gun on peaceful African-American protesters in Charlotte only to get away with it. They re not protestors, they re rioters  and this changed some things!  Palin wrote triumphantly.The driver, a white man likely suffering from an affliction that causes his penis to not only be tiny, but inverted, decides to show the protesters what a badass he is by pulling a handgun on the crowd and holding it out the window of the vehicle.  Protesters begin to yell  he has a gun,  and the man can be sween violently swinging the door of his vehicle open as though he intended to attack the crowd. Eventually law enforcement takes notice. An officer walks over to the nice ammosexual s car, they have a nice friendly chat, and the man is allowed to leave without a single charge  despite the fact that it is illegal in North Carolina to brandish a firearm  or bring a gun to a protest. In fact, it is illegal to keep a handgun under the front seat or in an unlocked glove compartment, or concealed without a permit (we do not know if the man had a permit or not, but pulling a gun on peaceful protesters is against the law regardless). You may not carry a weapon at a parade, funeral procession, picket line, or other demonstration, except for guns carried on a rack in a pickup truck,  state law decrees.  You may not carry a weapon during civil disorder, riot, or other disturbance involving three or more people. White dude drives into crowd of peaceful protesters, draws gun, allowed to drive away alive. With my own eyes,  Heather Head, who filmed the video, writes on Twitter. Though the usual conservative bunch jumped on Twitter to claim the man was black, Head pointed out that she had a first-hand view of the gentleman with a gun, and  he looks pretty white bread to me. Yes, he broke the law and was allowed to escape without learning a single thing from his actions via some form of punishment, but to Palin s followers he s a hero:        Notice the language:  animals.   Savages.   They should all be shot.  Hillary Clinton was exactly right   these people are a  basket of deplorables,  or a billion more appropriate, less nice, terms. Each and every one of these Trumpaholics will be voting in November. Make sure you re out there too.Watch it below:Featured image via screen capture",0
4498, Brilliant Facebook Post Puts Idiocy And Hypocrisy Of ‘All Lives Matter’ Into Razor-Sharp Focus,"Nobody shouted  all lives matter  until people started saying,  black lives matter.  There s an easy, albeit disgusting, reason for that and it s because the  all lives matter  crowd is uncomfortable with actually focusing on massive social problems that they perpetuate. Also, the crowd that tends to shout  all lives matter,  is overwhelmingly, white, straight, cisgender, and Judeo-Christian.But  all lives matter  isn t racist, sexist, religion-phobic, transphobic, homophobic, or anything at all to this crowd.There s a Facebook post making the rounds that describes the hypocrisy of this white, straight, cis, Judeo-Christian crowd that s feeling left out because we say  black lives matter.  It s absolutely brilliant. It s so brilliant that it s easier to post it than it is to explain it.Image via FacebookAnd there is the hypocrisy in all its vile glory. Holloman s take on  all lives matter  is amazing. All lives do not matter. The only lives that matter to the  all lives matter  crowd are those of the straight, white, cis, Judeo-Christian crowd. They wouldn t know the meaning of the word  all  if it came up and spit fire in their faces.Explaining why  all lives matter  is such a terrible thing to say first takes convincing that particular crowd that there s even a problem. White people who like that phrase won t acknowledge there s a problem, as recent, blatant racism from various officials has demonstrated. So saying the black community is still oppressed, and floating statistics, telling stories, even getting first-hand accounts and testimonials to prove it, is a massive waste of time.These analogies might be a waste of time, too, but they explain it a little better:#AllLivesMatter is like I go to the Dr for a broken arm and he says  All Bones Matter  ok but right now let s take care of this broken one  Belac Micheal (@djsoap92) July 6, 2016saying #AllLivesMatter is like running through a cancer fundraiser & saying  THERE S OTHER DISEASES TOO  judes (@judychen_) July 8, 2016#AllLivesMatter is like someone tweeting  Pray for Nice  and I say  what about all the other cities in the world? They ve suffered too   Nomnso (@Nomnso_94) July 15, 2016Or, if these aren t enough, how about this? Your house is on fire and the fire department is pouring water on it, trying to put the fire out. Your neighbor, whose house isn t burning, comes over and says,  My house needs water too, hellooooo!! Why are we ignoring my house and focusing only on yours?!  What are you going to say?In short,  black lives matter  is calling attention to an emergency situation like the ones above. Black lives do not matter nearly as much as white lives, and it s a serious problem. But Holloman s post illustrates not just the ignorance and offensiveness of  all lives matter,  but it shines a very uncomfortable light on those who continue to utter that phrase.Holloman is right. They really don t know what  all  means.Featured image by Mark Makela/Getty Images",0
4499," Obama: Once I’m Gone From Office, The Gloves Come Off","As the first African-American President, Obama knows that white America wouldn t have tolerated him as an angry black man, which is much of the reason he seems to never go far enough for progressives, especially some African-American progressives like Cornel West. The presidency is far from Obama s final act, though. Once he s out of office, he said in an interview with Vanity Fair, he ll be speaking out a lot more and likely doing things that he can t do while in office.Obama sat down with presidential historian Doris Kearns Goodwin for the interview, which was published on Friday.The walls of the private dining room where the interview was conducted didn t have past presidents. Instead, there were pictures of black civil rights leaders like Nelson Mandela, Martin Luther King, Jr. and of John Lewis during the 1965 march on Selma. Still, though, Obama s role model is Abraham Lincoln. My particular passion for Lincoln, though, dates back from my earliest memories of politics. And we ve talked about this before that there s no one who I believe has ever captured the soul of America more profoundly than Abraham Lincoln has.Not just his biography, of somebody who genuinely rose from nothing, self-taught, striking out along the borders of our Great Frontier. Somebody who worked with his hands and then worked with his mind, and somehow became one of the greatest writers in the English language. And I think, most importantly, somebody who was able to see humanity clearly, see the fundamental contradictions of the American experiment clearly, and yet still remain hopeful and still remain full of humor, and still have a basic sympathy for the human condition, even in the midst of a terrible war and having to make terrible decisions. And having a forgiving spirit. While Obama seems to have loved his time in office, he does regret some of the  institutional constraints  that might limit him from being who he wants to be. On the other hand, there are things he feels he can only accomplish once outside of office: Having had this office has given me this incredible perch from which to see how the world works. The power of the office is unique and it is a humbling privilege. With that power, however, also comes a whole host of institutional constraints. There are things I cannot say. There are things   that I cannot say, not out of any political concerns, but out of prudential concerns of the office. There are institutional obligations I have to carry out that are important for a president of the United States to carry out, but may not always align with what I think would move the ball down the field on the issues that I care most deeply about. Ex-President role models couldn t be any different. Perhaps the most respected post presidency, at least in modern times, would have to be Jimmy Carter s. He s dedicated his life to building homes for those who most need them and to social justice around the world. Bill Clinton has the Clinton Foundation, and the Bushes and Reagan, well, they retired into near obscurity.Obama is still young, though, at just 55. He will potentially have decades to finish his community organizing, only on a grander scale, or really, whatever he wants to do. You can be sure that no matter what he does, he will be working to try to make lives better for his fellow African-Americans, an in turn, his fellow Americans.Featured image via Win McNamee/Getty Images. ",0
4500, Louisiana Cop Claims Murdering A 6-Year Old Child Was Self-Defense,"A Louisiana deputy city marshal is in hot water after body cam footage revealed him shooting at a suspect who had his hands up in the air. This is, sadly, becoming too common a story in the news as awareness of problems with officers who have hair-trigger fingers grows. What makes this story sadly and horrifically unique, though, is that Deputy Derrick Stafford also shot and killed the suspect s six-year old son.And Stafford is claiming self-defense for that, because of course he is: Stafford, out of fear for his life and that of his fellow officers, began shooting at the vehicle to prevent any further actions by [Christopher] Few which would put the officers in imminent danger. Officers went after Christopher Few after watching an argument between him and his girlfriend outside a bar just before the 2015 shooting. They claimed witnessing domestic abuse as the reason they decided to chase down Few, whose six-year old son, Jeremy, was in the front passenger seat.18 rounds were fired although Few had his hands up, but no firearm was found in the car, and Few and Jeremy were both shot while still in the car. Stafford and his partner, Norris Greenhouse, said that after Few drove forward and then backed up, they were in fear for their lives, so they fired.That s always the story, though. It makes us wonder just what police departments are teaching that so many officers shoot first and ask questions later, claiming they were in fear for their lives when it s obvious that their suspects were unarmed, and even had their hands in the air.Reports claim that neither Stafford nor Greenhouse knew Jeremy was in the car when they opened fire. Few was critically wounded, and Jeremy, who was autistic, non-verbal and in a special-needs first-grade class, was murdered.Stafford s plea of  self-defense  is a huge middle finger to Few and the rest of Jeremy s grieving family. Arguments will be heard in court next week, where Judge William Bennett will decide whether the indictments stand.Featured image via Louisiana State Police Facebook page",0
4501, U.N. Report: Police Killings Of Black Men In U.S. Is ‘Human Rights Crisis’ Reminiscent Of Lynching,"The epidemic of black men being killed at the hands of police officers in America has not gone unnoticed on the international stage. According to aAccording to a report by a United Nations working group, which will be debated at the U.N. Human Rights Council on Monday, this situation constitutes a full-blown  human rights crisis  that is reminiscent of the days of lynchings. Contemporary police killings and the trauma that they create are reminiscent of the past racial terror of lynching,  said the report by the U.N. Working Group of Experts on People of African Descent.The U.N. report draws a stark comparison between modern day fatal shootings at the hands of law enforcement and the lynchings of blacks that swept the nation in the 19th and 20th centuries. The report comes as racial tensions in America have boiled over yet again in the wake of more deadly shootings that have rocked the country.Historically, the majority of African Americans killed in lynchings were hanged. The Equal Justice Initiative released a report in 2015 which said that between 1877 and 1950, an estimated 3,959 black people were murdered in  racial terror lynchings  throughout the country s southern states.The U.N. report follows a January visit to the U.S. by a five-member group, which was chaired by Filipino law professor Ricardo A. Sunga III. The group says that despite efforts at reform, they still remain extremely concerned  about the  human rights crisis  facing blacks living in the U.S., and this is especially true considering protesters are once again flooding the streets of American cities to protest the killings of still more black men in recent days. In particular, the legacy of colonial history, enslavement, racial subordination and segregation, racial terrorism and racial inequality in the United States remains a serious challenge, as there has been no real commitment to reparations and to truth and reconciliation for people of African descent. Impunity for State violence has resulted in the current human rights crisis and must be addressed as a matter of urgency. The experts  group pointed out that these killings go unpunished because the investigation is biased and tainted from the beginning since police departments are investigating their own. Adding to this is the fact that prosecutors have discretion when it comes to presenting charges and U.S. law enforcement officers are not held to international standards for use of force.To address the situation, they recommended that the U.S. institute a system to reliably track police killings nationwide and instances of excessive use of force. They also said that racial profiling must be brought to an end, which is  a rampant practice and seriously damages the trust between African-Americans and law enforcement officials. The group also said that improving race relations will also require education that must be  accompanied by acts of reconciliation  in order to successfully overcome the bigotry that plagues the U.S. and the past injustices that have been perpetrated against black people on American soil. The report added that the lasting negative effects caused by enslavement and racial injustice must be recognized by both federal and state laws.Featured image via video screen captures",0
4502, ANOTHER Trump Adviser Under Investigation For Russian Ties,"It s no secret that Russia is very pro-Donald Trump, and Donald Trump is extremely pro-Russia. His policies align with Russia s Christmas list, and he hired   for a campaign manager   a man who benefited heavily from pro-Russian monies during the Ukrainian conflict. In fact, the ties between Paul Manafort and Russian oligarchs became so widely known that it caused his premature departure from the campaign, prompting many questions to be raised.The Trump campaign thought this would all be behind them in no time.But, as usual, they were wrong.On Friday, it was a announced that U.S. intelligence officials are investigating Carter Page, a foreign policy adviser to Trump, for alleged ties to Russia. Intelligence officials have reason to believe that Page has opened up secret and backroom communications with top Russian officials in an ongoing effort to have economic sanctions lifted.According to Yahoo News, which first broke the story:The activities of Trump adviser Carter Page, who has extensive business interests in Russia, have been discussed with senior members of Congress during recent briefings about suspected efforts by Moscow to influence the presidential election, the sources said. After one of those briefings, Senate minority leader Harry Reid wrote FBI Director James Comey, citing reports of meetings between a Trump adviser (a reference to Page) and  high ranking sanctioned individuals  in Moscow over the summer as evidence of  significant and disturbing ties  between the Trump campaign and the Kremlin that needed to be investigated by the bureau.The reports apparently had some members of Congress  taken aback,  due to the overwhelming and disturbing evidence that shows these ties. Congressional members, which includes California Democrat Dianne Feinstein, fear that such ties could lead to an unfair tampering with not only U.S.-Russian relations, but undercut foreign policy and even the November presidential election.Page is a former banker who worked for Merrill Lynch and is based in Moscow, giving him strong ties with rich and influential Russian officials. In fact, one of Page s business buddies is especially problematic for American diplomacy and international law:But U.S. officials have since received intelligence reports that during that same three-day trip, Page met with Igor Sechin, a longtime Putin associate and former Russian deputy prime minister who is now the executive chairman of Rosneft, Russian s leading oil company, a well-placed Western intelligence source tells Yahoo News. That meeting, if confirmed, is viewed as especially problematic by U.S. officials because the Treasury Department in August 2014 named Sechin to a list of Russian officials and businessmen sanctioned over Russia s  illegitimate and unlawful actions in the Ukraine.So now that that the Trump campaign is once again under the microscope for shady Russian ties, they did what they know best: they lied. Page has been listed as a foreign policy adviser to Trump since March. In August, Hope Hicks, spokeswoman for the campaign, confirmed that Carter was an adviser. Now? Communications director Jason Miller told The Hill that Page is  not an adviser and has made no contribution to the campaign. So which is it? The campaign and its spokeswoman have confirmed that Page is in fact an adviser, and now their communications director says he s not nor has he ever been.It s becoming clearer and clearer everyday that the Trump campaign is nothing more than a puppet of the Kremlin and Putin s rich, thuggish buddies. But no, let s continue to talk about Hillary Clinton s pneumonia, because that s way more important than a potentially stolen election by the same people supporting one of the candidates.Featured image via Mark Makaela/Getty Images",0
4503, Early Voting In North Carolina Shows GREAT NEWS For Democrats,"Early voting has begun in the battleground state of North Carolina, and after months of contentious litigation, it s clear why Republicans wanted to squash it: returns are showing Democrats with an eight point advantage over Republicans.Data analysis from TargetSmart (who partnered with NBC News) shows that of the 4,000 plus presidential ballots that have been cast, 42 percent come from registered Democrats, 34 percent from Republicans, 25 percent from unaffiliated, and 1 percent from Libertarians.Contrast that to 2012, when Mitt Romney won North Carolina by two percent: in early voting that year in that state, Republicans held a five percent lead. Now Democrats hold an eight percent lead. In 2008, when President Obama won (by a slim margin of 0.33 percent), Democrats had an 11 point advantage. In 2004, Democrats had an 11 point advantage, but Kerry lost to Bush by 13 percent.So while it s not set in stone that whoever accumulates the most early votes wins, the last two elections (in which early voting has increased tremendously) shows that is the case.Nate Silver s FiveThirtyEight currently gives Clinton a 43 percent chance of winning North Carolina (and a 62 percent chance of winning the election overall). Clinton s chances have gone up almost five percent in the last week, with one reason being a strong showing for Democrats in early voting. The New York Times  election model gives Clinton a 48 percent chance of winning North Carolina.Again, no wonder Governor Pat McCory, who is currently losing his re-election bid, and the GOP legislature wanted to do away with it. When Democrats get a head start, that usually means good news in November.Democrats shouldn t get too comfortable. Although early voting points to a Democratic-leaning result, Republicans could very well (and chances are great) benefit from in person voting on November 8. President Obama never overcame Romney in the polls in the weeks leading up to the election, almost all the polls for the month of September favored Obama.With 45 days left until the election, anything can happen, so Democrats need to continue to mobilize, register, and get out the vote for not just early ballots, but for November 8.Rachel Maddow broke down the facts on her show:Featured image via Justin Sullivan/Getty Images",0
4504, WATCH: Eric Trump Gets Called Out On Fox News For Claiming His Dad Started With Nothing,"Eric Trump tried to spin a tale on Fox news about how his father started with nothing to build a business empire, only to be smacked down with a reminder that Donald Trump started out as a millionaire.The Republican nominee s demon spawn appeared on Outnumbered on Friday and attempted to portray his dad as just a normal guy who started with nothing in his journey to live the American dream.After trashing Hillary Clinton as not being relatable to millennial voters, Eric Trump was asked to explain how his father is relatable to them. And his answer was an effort to rewrite the reality of his dad s life. He s built an amazing company. He s become the epitome of the American dream.  Eric Trump said.  He s gone from practically nothing to a man who s just But that was a total lie and Julie Roginsky didn t let the younger Trump get away with it.Roginsky cut Eric Trump off and reminded him that his father got $1 million from his father Fred Trump to start out with.Nothing?  Roginsky said.  He got a million bucks. Come on, Eric. Indeed, Donald Trump grew up the son of one of the richest men in America. He has never known poverty in his entire life. In 1978, he was given $1 million by his father, an amount that Trump called a  small loan  moments after he claimed that life  hasn t been easy for me  during a town hall event in October 2015.Of course, that s an insult to the millions of Americans who live in poverty daily and can t even get a real small loan to lift themselves out of it. They struggle to put food on the table and to pay the bills, but Donald Trump had everything he could ever want and all the opportunities money could buy. Trump s dad also started a million dollar trust fund for him and left him a multi-million dollar inheritance when he died. In other words, Donald Trump knows absolutely NOTHING about starting from nothing.But Eric Trump didn t address Roginsky s reminder and just continued trying to sell his dad as a man who pulled himself up by his bootstraps. He epitomized what America s all about: Opportunity and working hard and being able to achieve your dreams and what you want to succeed, right?  Eric Trump continued.  It s no different than a Zuckerberg, right, who went out with a great idea like a Facebook and developed this idea and built it and grew it and grew it and grew it. That is achieving something, right? And I think it s very different than a person who has been a career politician. Here s the video via VidMe.Can no member of Trump s family actually refrain from lying about their past?Because it s clear that Donald Trump and his children do not understand what it is like to grow up poor. They have had everything given to them on a golden platter and they ve never had to work a real job a day in their lives. But for some reason, they think $1 million is the definition of starting with nothing.Featured image via screen capture",0
4505, The Pope Flat Out Called Fox News Type Journalism ‘Terrorism’,"Someone had to say it. Okay, liberals have been saying it for years. Fox News (and increasingly, the other news channels) have been promoting fear for so long that they have become the terrorists. Pope Francis agrees. Channeling Franklin Delano Roosevelt s infamous line,  we have nothing to fear but fear itself,  the Pope chastised fear-based media.Journalism based on gossip or rumors is a form of  terrorism  and media that stereotype entire populations or foment fear of migrants are acting destructively, Pope Francis said on Thursday.Spreading rumors is an example of  terrorism, of how you can kill a person with your tongue , he said.  This is even more true for journalists because their voice can reach everyone and this is a very powerful weapon. Source: ReutersNow, to be fair, Pope Francis was in Italy and he was talking to Italy s press, which has its own problems with nationalism, but I m sure he was hoping his words would hop the pond. After all, Fox spreads little but fear and that s what has given us Donald Trump.Crime in the nation is down. An American s odds of being killed by a terrorist is 1 in 20 million. Those are roughly the same odds as being killed by your own furniture. Still, Trump, prompted on by Fox News, is scaring the crap out of Americans:Fear is in the air, and fear is surging. Americans are more afraid today than they have been in a long time: Polls show majorities of Americans worried about being victims of terrorism and crime, numbers that have surged over the past year to highs not seen for more than a decade. Every week seems to bring a new large- or small-scale terrorist attack, at home or abroad. Mass shootings form a constant drumbeat. Protests have shut down large cities repeatedly, and some have turned violent. Overall crime rates may be down, but a sense of disorder is constant.Source: The AtlanticSure, that s about Donald Trump and the Pope wasn t directly talking about him, but Fox is the fear network. Forward Progressives lists several examples of Fox trying to scare the s*it out of people, and if this election and polls are any indication, they ve succeeded.Featured image via Franco Origlia/Getty Images.",0
4506, Trump-Supporting GOP Rep Calls Veterans ‘Moochers’ During Town Hall Event In Ohio,"If Republicans and Donald Trump really care about our military veterans, they will tell this douchebag to shut the hell up.Ohio GOP Rep. Warren Davidson has outraged the Veterans of Foreign Wars and the House Veterans Affairs Committee by referring to veterans as  moochers  who are just pretending to be hurt or sick when they show up to get medical care from the VA. Just like workers comp out here s got moochers, I wish that there were no vets that were the same sort of problem on our society,  Davidson said during a town hall event on Monday.  But part of the problem is there are some vets that are moochers and they re clogging up the system, and we do as taxpayers want to make sure the VA filters out these folks that are pretenders. Just like we wish there were no people out there with stolen valor, but that s a problem in the vet community, too. Davidson, who won a special election to replace John Boehner and is a supporter of Donald Trump, has drawn a shitstorm of criticism ever since.Veterans of Foreign Wars spokesman Joe Davis slammed Davidson for insulting the men and women who have served this country. Honorably discharged veterans with service-connected wounds, illnesses and injuries, or who are indigent due to circumstances beyond their control, are not moochers,  he said in a statement.House Veterans Affairs Committee chairman Jeff Miller said he hopes that Davidson merely  misspoke  and called upon him to clarify his remarks.And Davidson s remarks are particularly outrageous because Davidson is a veteran himself.But when given the chance to back down, Davidson did the opposite.  Any effort to suggest I have anything other than a soldier s passion for providing our veterans with the care they deserve is dishonest,  he said before his spokesman presented four case of VA fraud to somehow prove his claims that veterans are  moochers. The problem is that these cases involve people who pretend to be veterans. In other words, the people in these cases are NOT veterans. But Davidson called veterans  moochers  anyway.It would have been so simple for Davidson to just clarify his remarks, but he didn t because, like Donald Trump, Republicans are incapable of admitting when they are wrong. So Davidson s insult of veterans stands in the record as a testament to how Republicans really feel about the men and women who fought for our country.Featured image via YouTube ",0
4507," WATCH: Kieth Scott’s Wife Drops Mic On Cops, Gives Video Of Husband’s Final Moments To Press","What you are about to see is disturbing. Keith Lamont Scott, the man killed by police in Charlotte, North Carolina had an awesome wife of 20 years who narrated and recorded the final tragic moments of his life. Mr. Scott suffered from a traumatic brain injury, and his wife repeatedly told the police this information in the minutes prior to the shooting. She also told them that he had no weapon, and that he had just taken his medication. Of course, the cops just kept shouting at the man to drop the gun that he didn t have, before taking his life for no reason.Well, the cat s out of the bag now. NBC News has the video, so, despite the fact that the cops and the City of Charlotte have been refusing to take the public s demands for transparency seriously, the information is now out there thanks to the bravery of Mrs. Scott. Here is the news report, via NBC:These cops have a whole hell of a lot of explaining to do on this one. They better release whatever information they have, and they better not try any funny business with cover-ups. This is a damning, disturbing, and heartbreaking video of yet another senseless death of a black man in America at the hands of the system that is supposed to serve and protect.At this point, there is just absolutely no reason to trust the police, period. They are clearly killing people with impunity and without consequence. The public is aware now, so somebody better be held accountable, or there will continue to be unrest, and more matches thrown on a powder keg that is surely soon to blow sky high.Featured image via screen capture from Twitter",0
4508, Conservatives Throw A Hissy Fit Because Michelle Obama Talked About Slavery At Black History Museum,"If you want to watch a conservative throw a temper tantrum just mention slavery and grab your popcorn.Because when First Lady Michelle Obama talked about slavery and the great progress our country has made since the Civil War during an interview at the new Smithsonian Institution s National Museum of African American History and Culture, conservatives took to Twitter to whine.Mrs. Obama told Good Morning America host Robin Roberts about how she feels about visiting the museum, which opens this weekend. And one of the things that struck her the most is the fact that a lot of the history the museum presents happened during the lives of the three generations of her family who visited the museum that day. And she expressed astonishment at how fast progress has been made. When you think about the fact that my great-great grandfather was a slave and today I live in the White House, that progress is huge and it s fast,  the First Lady said.Here s the video via Twitter.FLOTUS:  My great-great grandfather was a slave and today I live in the White House. That progress is huge.  https://t.co/A4RwUHYR5z pic.twitter.com/vvhgrtxoYu  ABC News (@ABC) September 23, 2016But, of course, conservatives lost their shit and displayed their hatred in the comments.@ABC And the sooner that Mooch and Obummer get out of the White house and Trump gets in, the better! #TrumpPence16 #MakeAmericaGreatAgain  Chantie Huffines (@LadyChantie) September 23, 2016@ABC But, you keep the narrative going that all white people, except Clintons, are racist.  Deporable & watsit2u (@thumbug) September 23, 2016@ABC The country is more racist than ever since The Obamas entered the White House. They have a bitter resentment for White People  Mike Van Patten (@MikeVanPatten4) September 23, 2016@ABC So why are the democrats trying to send race relations back to the sixties?  Deplorable Voter (@Antone18) September 23, 2016@ABC Keep driving racial segregation down our throats, ABC. These types of post should sure give you more  peaceful  protest to cover.  Ashton Allen (@Asherzz09) September 23, 2016@ABC MOVE OUT BIMBO  Donna Coffey (@Dcoffey56Donna) September 23, 2016@ABC Lord Jesus said to do good as bondmen.  John Stefanyszyn (@JohnStefanyszyn) September 23, 2016@ABC And we can thank the Republican Party for that. It certainly wasn t the Democrats.  Bev Cross (@BevCross1) September 23, 2016@ABC then they managed to set us back decades by generating a racial divide n bringing anarchy among the people  awesome job NOT #GOTRUMP  Jane callaway (@janeewc) September 23, 2016And while it is true that the early Republican Party freed the slaves, it was at a time when Republicans were liberals and Democrats were conservatives. The two parties have flipped since then. Democrats have since become the defenders of Civil Rights who continue to fight for racial equality and social justice while Republicans pandered to white racists in the South and have become dominated by white supremacists who desperately want to roll back any and all progress African-Americans have made in this country.If Republicans have to go back 150 years to find one good thing the party did for African-Americans that s really embarrassing and says a lot about what the party has become.Featured image via Wikimedia",0
