id,title,text,label
15024,Simple Rules for Healthy Eating - The New York Times,"Over the past few months, I’ve written a number of times on how nutrition recommendations are seldom supported by science. I’ve argued that what many people are telling you may be inaccurate. In response, many of you have asked me what nutrition recommendations should say. It’s much easier, unfortunately, to tell you what not to do. But here at The Upshot, we don’t avoid the hard questions. So I’m going to put myself on the line. Below are the general rules I live by. They’re the ones I share with patients, with friends and with family. They’re the ones I support as a pediatrician and a health services researcher. But I acknowledge up front that they may apply only to healthy people without metabolic disorders (me, for instance, as far as I know). These suggestions are also not supported by the scientific weight of rigorous randomized controlled trials, because little in nutrition is. I’ve inserted links to back them up with the available evidence. They are not “laws” and should not be treated as such. No specific nutrients will be demonized, and none will be held up as miracles. But these recommendations make sense to me, and they’ve helped me immensely. Full disclosure: I did not invent most of these. I’ve developed them from reading the work of others, including what may be the most impressive “official” nutritional guidelines, those of Brazil, as well as from earlier suggestions from readers, as in this great NYT interactive graphic. It captures readers’ responses to food rules by Michael Pollan. He is, of course, the promulgator of the   advice: “Eat food. Not too much. Mostly plants. ” 1. Get as much of your nutrition as possible from a variety of completely unprocessed foods. These include fruits and vegetables. But they also include meat, fish, poultry and eggs that haven’t been processed. In other words, when buying food at the market, focus on things that have not been been cooked, prepared or altered in any way. Brown rice over white rice. Whole grains over refined grains. You’re far better off eating two apples than drinking the same 27 grams of sugar in an   glass of apple juice. 1b. Eat lightly processed foods less often. You’re not going to make everything yourself. Pasta, for instance, is going to be bought already prepared. You’re not going to grind your own flour or extract your own oil. These are meant to be eaten along with unprocessed foods, but try to eat less of them. 1c. Eat heavily processed foods even less often. There’s little   evidence that even the most processed foods are dangerous. But keep your consumption of them to a minimum, because they can make it too easy to stuff in calories. Such foods include bread, chips, cookies and cereals. In epidemiologic studies, heavily processed meats are often associated with worse health outcomes, but that evidence should be taken with a grain of salt (not literally) as I’ve written about before. 2. Eat as much   food as possible, which should be prepared according to Rule 1. Eating at home allows you to avoid processed ingredients more easily. It allows you full control over what you eat, and allows you to choose the flavors you prefer. You’re much less likely to stuff yourself silly if you eat   food. I’m not saying this is easy. Behavioral change takes repetition and practice. It also, unfortunately, takes time. 3. Use salt and fats, including butter and oil, as needed in food preparation.  Things like salt and fat aren’t the enemy. They are often necessary in the preparation of tasty, satisfying food. The key here is moderation. Use what you need. Seasoning is often what makes vegetables taste good. Don’t be afraid of them, but don’t go crazy with them either. 4. When you do eat out, try to eat at restaurants that follow the same rules. Ideally, you should eat at restaurants that are creating all of their items from completely unprocessed foods. Lots and lots of restaurants do. Follow Rule 1 even while out to dinner. Some processing is going to be fine, but try to keep it to a minimum. 5. Drink mostly water, but some alcohol, coffee and other beverages are fine. As I’ve pointed out before, you can find a study to show that everything either prevents or causes cancer  —   alcohol and coffee included. But my take is that the preponderance of evidence supports the inclusion of a moderate consumption of most beverages. 6. Treat all beverages with calories in them as you would alcohol. This includes every drink with calories, including milk. They’re fine in moderation, but keep them to a minimum. You can have them because you like them, but you shouldn’t consume them as if you need them. 7. Eat with other people, especially people you care about, as often as possible. This has benefits even outside those of nutrition. It will make you more likely to cook. It will most likely make you eat more slowly. It will also make you happy. I’ve avoided treating any food like the devil. Many nutrition experts do, and it may turn out they’re right, but at this point I think the jury is still out. I’ve therefore tried not to tell you to avoid anything completely. My experience tells me that total abstinence rarely works, although anecdotes exist to support that practice. I think you’ll find that many other diets and recommendations work under these rules. These are much more flexible and, I hope, reasonable than what some might prescribe. All of these rules are subtly trying to get you to be more conscious of what you’re eating. It’s far too easy these days to consume more than you think you are, or more than you really need, especially when eating out. I’ve found that it’s impossible to tell any one person how much they should be eating. People have varying requirements, and it’s important for all of them to listen to their bodies to know when they should eat, and when they should stop. One other thing: Don’t judge what others eat. One of my closest friends has been avoiding carbohydrates for months, and has seen remarkable results. Another was a pescatarian  —   a person whose only meat dishes are fish  —   for a year and was very happy with that. I, on the other hand, avoid no food groups in particular. People are very different. Some may have real problems consuming even the smallest amount of carbohydrates. Others may be intolerant of certain foods because of allergies or sensitivities. It will most likely take a bit of experimentation, on an individual level, to find the actual diet within these recommendations that works for you. But the above rules should allow for a wide variety of foods and for remaining healthy. At least, I hope so. I’m curious what readers think of these. I welcome your comments to this column, as well as tweets to me in response.",0
15026,Trump Raises $13.2 Million for 2020 Re-Election Campaign in First Quarter,"President Trump has already raised millions of dollars for his 2020   campaign in the first three months of the year, new Federal Election Commission (FEC) filings show as of Friday evening. [Trump’s   campaign has already pulled in $13. 2 million from three different campaign committees —  Donald J. Trump for President, Trump Victory, and Trump Make America Great Again Committee —  in the first quarter of 2017, Politico reported.  The campaign has managed to pull off this feat while paying a staff of 20 employees, FEC records show. Of all the money raised from the three committees, 80 percent came from small donors. The Republican National Committee said it raised $41. 3 million in the first three months of the year, but as of Saturday morning, it had not filed its final quarterly report with the FEC. The three committees spent a combined total of $4. 7 million on hats,   mugs, and stickers, according to the reports. They also spent at least $2. 7 million on data, telemarketing, and other fundraising activities to maintain its database of largely small donors. The three Trump committees also spent a combined $458, 000 at Trump’s various companies, including $274, 000 in rent for the Trump Tower office space and $61, 000 at Trump golf clubs. Trump filed with the FEC to run for   in 2020 the day of his inauguration so he could continue to build his fundraising base, especially among small donors. However, Trump said, “[The paperwork] does not constitute a formal announcement of my candidacy for the 2020 election. ” Even though Trump has not formally announced his candidacy, he has already trademarked his 2020 campaign slogan, which would be “Keep America Great. ”",0
15027,"Obamas Dine with Bono in NYC, Receive Standing Ovation","Former President Barack Obama and his wife Michelle grabbed brunch with Bono in the Big Apple Friday and were greeted with cheers and applause from a crowd of onlookers. [As the Obamas and the U2 frontman exited the restaurant, People reports, “the whole restaurant stood up and applauded and cheered for them. Barack Obama waved at everyone upon leaving. ”  Video of the Obamas exiting Upland Restaurant in Manhattan, flanked by Secret Service, flooded social media. “Obama, we love you” one person is heard screaming as the crowded eatery erupts with applause.  #powerlunch   @karanilanraymond  @lindseybono  @michelleobama  #presidentobama #nyc #upland, A post shared by Emma Wiedner (@ewiedner) on Mar 10, 2017 at 11:32am PST,  “I’m dying. I’m dead. PRESIDENT OBAMA is at lunch w us. We all clapped and cried,” one Instagram user captions.  I’m dying. I’m dead. PRESIDENT OBAMA is at lunch w us. We all clapped and cried. A post shared by Mackenzi (@mackenzi) on Mar 10, 2017 at 11:19am PST,  The bromance between President Obama and Bono dates back years. In 2010, the   crooner met with Obama and his national security team to “discuss the administration’s development strategy heading into the upcoming   and   meetings in Canada and September’s U. N. Summit on the Millenium Development Goals. ” And Friday’s was not the first brunch the Obamas and Bono have shared together. In June 2013, Michelle Obama and her two daughters dined with Bono, his wife, and their two sons at Finnegan’s Irish Pub in Dalkey, Co Dublin. Bono, of course, has been an outspoken opponent of President Donald Trump. Two months before the presidential election, Bono called Trump “potentially the worst idea that ever happened to America. ” Just last month, Bono condemned the idea of a “national border” as the best way to protect one’s country from Islamic terror. “I don’t see a body of water wide enough or a wall high enough to keep these problems from our doors,” the Irish rocker said before world leaders at the Munich Security Conference in Germany. Follow Jerome Hudson on Twitter @jeromeehudson.",0
15028,"Media Spin: The FBI's Actions Are Deeply Troubling, Not Hillary's","Media Spin: The FBI's Actions Are Deeply Troubling, Not Hillary's   
So the Hillary email investigation was reopened due to a sexting investigation of her close aide's husband. So the media focused its outrage and disgust not on the gruesome Weiner-Abedin-Hillary trio, but on the FBI. Reporting line from the alternate universe that the left inhabits, the media is brimming with headlines attacking the FBI for investigating Hillary. 
Hillary Clinton called the FBI's actions ""deeply troubling."" They should be. For her. But instead the media made the propagandistic decision to upend the scandal coverage by portraying the FBI's actions in investigating Hillary as the scandal. Rather than Hillary's own actions. 
The agenda is blatantly obvious. But it's also telling that the left has decided that the real scandal is investigating their own.",0
15029,America’s Streets Will Run Red With Blood- Mike Adams,"
 

VIOLENCE IN AMERICA-AMERICA’S STREETS WILL RUN RED WITH BLOOD Hillary is going down. But don’t make the mistake of thinking it is over! As Mike Adams says in the following video. It does not matter who wins, the streets will run red with blood.
Listen to what Mike Adams has to say in the following video. If this video does not convince you to prepare to be on your own, then nothing will.
 

 
 
P lease Donate to The Common Sense Show 
 
PLEASE SUBSCRIBE TO OUR YOUTUBE CHANNEL AND DON’T FORGET TO “LIKE” US 

 

This is the absolute best in food storage. Dave Hodges is a satisfied customer. Don’t wait until it is too late. Click Here for more information.
 


Click here for more information 
 
The sane alternative to Facebook 
Seen.Life-The Facebook alternative- no censorship, no spying– Sign up here 
",0
15030,"Hillary Clinton Assails James Comey, Calling Email Decision ‘Deeply Troubling’ - The New York Times","Hillary Clinton and her allies sprang onto a war footing on Saturday, opening a ferocious attack on the F. B. I. ’s director, James B. Comey, a day after he disclosed that his agency was looking into a potential new batch of messages from her private email server. Treating Mr. Comey as a threat to her candidacy, Mrs. Clinton took aim at the law enforcement officer who had recommended no criminal charges less than four months earlier for her handling of classified information as secretary of state. “It’s pretty strange to put something like that out with such little information right before an election,” Mrs. Clinton said at a rally in Daytona Beach, Fla. “In fact, it’s not just strange it’s unprecedented and it is deeply troubling. ” For Democrats, it was also deeply worrying. Mrs. Clinton’s advisers expressed concern that the F. B. I. ’s renewed attention to emails relating to the nominee would turn some voters against her, hurt party candidates in competitive House and Senate races, and complicate efforts to win over undecided Americans in the final days of the election. So after stepping gingerly around the issue on Friday, calling on Mr. Comey to release more specific information but not overtly criticizing him, her campaign made it personal on Saturday, accusing the director of smearing Mrs. Clinton with innuendo late in the race and of violating Justice Department rules. The decision to target Mr. Comey for his unusual decision to publicly disclose the inquiry came during an 8 a. m. internal conference call, after aides saw reports that Justice Department officials were furious, believing he had violated longstanding guidelines advising against such actions so close to an election. Even before Mrs. Clinton spoke in Florida, her campaign chairman, John D. Podesta, and campaign manager, Robby Mook, criticized Mr. Comey for putting out incomplete information and breaking with Justice Department protocol. “By providing selective information, he has allowed partisans to distort and exaggerate to inflict maximum political damage,” Mr. Podesta said during a conference call with reporters. “Comey has not been forthcoming with the facts,” he added, describing the director’s letter to Congress on Friday as “long on innuendo. ” Whatever shortcomings Mrs. Clinton may have as a candidate, Saturday’s coordinated effort showed that the political organization that she, her husband and her allies had built over decades remained potent and would not let what seemed like victory erode easily. By midday, Mr. Comey, a Republican appointed by President Obama and confirmed nearly unanimously by the Senate, found himself in its cross hairs. Encouraged by Mrs. Clinton’s senior aides to reframe the story and make it about Mr. Comey’s actions, liberal groups such as the Congressional Black Caucus demanded that he release more information. Other surrogates were emailed talking points prodding them to deem it “extraordinary that 11 days before the election a letter like this  —   with so few details  —   would be sent to 8 Republican committee chairmen. ” (Ranking Democrats on the committees also received copies.) Mr. Comey has not publicly commented on the investigation, other than with the letter saying that more emails were being examined. He also wrote an email to F. B. I. employees explaining that he felt he had to inform Congress even though the agency did not yet know “the significance of this newly discovered collection of emails. ” With Mrs. Clinton leading Donald J. Trump in nearly every battleground state, Clinton advisers were emphatic that they would not be thrown off stride. They said they would not change any political strategy, television advertising or campaign travel plans. For months, the F. B. I. had investigated whether Mrs. Clinton had broken any laws by using a private email server while she was secretary of state. This past summer, Mr. Comey said that Mrs. Clinton had been “extremely careless” by allowing sensitive information to be discussed outside secure government servers, but that the agency had concluded that Mrs. Clinton had not committed a crime. The investigation was closed. But on Friday, Mr. Comey notified Congress that the agency had discovered emails, possibly relevant to the investigation, that belonged to Mrs. Clinton’s top aide, Huma Abedin. The emails were discovered on the computer of Ms. Abedin’s estranged husband, Anthony D. Weiner, during a separate investigation into allegations that he had exchanged sexually explicit messages with a teenager. According to several Clinton advisers, Mrs. Clinton told them overnight and on Saturday that she wanted the campaign to operate normally, not rashly, while pressuring Mr. Comey to dispel any possibility that her candidacy was under legal threat. But the Clinton team also had to deal with a newly emboldened Mr. Trump, who urged voters at a rally on Saturday in Golden, Colo. to oppose Mrs. Clinton because of her “criminal action” that was “willful, deliberate, intentional and purposeful. ” Handed a new opening against Mrs. Clinton, Mr. Trump used the moment to baselessly claim there had been an internal F. B. I. “revolt” and made a sexually suggestive joke about Mr. Weiner. “As Podesta said, she’s got bad instincts,” Mr. Trump said, distorting a comment in one of the thousands of Mr. Podesta’s hacked emails recently released by WikiLeaks. “Well, she’s got bad instincts when her emails are on Anthony Weiner’s wherever. ” The paramount fear among Clinton advisers and Democratic officials was that an election that had become a referendum on Mr. Trump’s fitness for office, and that had increasingly seemed to be Mrs. Clinton’s to lose, would now become just as much about her conduct. In phone calls, email chains and text messages on Saturday, Clinton aides and allies were by turns confident that the F. B. I. would find nothing to hurt Mrs. Clinton and concerned that the inquiry would nudge demoralized Republicans to show up to vote for   candidates  —   and perhaps even cast ballots, however reluctantly, for the battered Mr. Trump. “This is like an   smacking into us, and it just becomes a huge distraction at the worst possible time,” said Donna Brazile, the chairwoman of the Democratic National Committee and a close Clinton ally. “We don’t want it to knock us off our game. But on the    weekend of the race, we find ourselves having to tell voters, ‘Keep your focus keep your eyes on the prize. ’” As much as Clinton advisers stressed that they were not panicking, some of them radiated anger at Mr. Comey, Mr. Weiner and even Mrs. Clinton  —   a reflection of 18 months of frustration that her personal decisions about her email practices and privacy were still generating unhelpful political drama. Two Clinton aides, for example, pointedly noted in interviews that it was difficult to press a counterattack without fully knowing what was in Ms. Abedin’s emails. Some prominent Democratic women, meanwhile, were angry that a murky announcement from the F. B. I. might impede the election of the first female president of the United States. “It worries me because it gives the Republicans something to blow up and fan folks’ anger with,” said former Representative Patricia Schroeder of Colorado, who considered a run for the Democratic nomination for president in 1988. “I was on the Judiciary Committee when I was in Congress, and I have never seen the F. B. I. handle any case the way they have handled hers. ” While some voters are undecided, about 20 million Americans have already cast ballots in early voting, and millions more long ago concluded which candidate they would support. In a polarized country where many are unwaveringly contemptuous of either Mr. Trump or Mrs. Clinton, the latest development in the email story prompted a mix of shrugs and renewed determination from the left and    claims of Clinton perfidy from the right. “My mind was made up,” said Luis Luaces, 57, a Florida Republican who expressed little surprise about the Weiner email twist as he cast his ballot for Mr. Trump on Saturday in Miami. “I know what the Clintons are about. ” Democrats also said the development had done little to alter their perceptions. In Charlotte, N. C. Ian Leemans, 35, a Democrat, said he had been at work checking news sites when he saw a flashing banner with Friday’s news. He had already planned to vote early for Mrs. Clinton, but after the news, he felt even more urgency to cast his ballot. “I thought, O. K. this is going to be an advantage for Trump people to say, ‘Oh, it is a rigged election,’” Mr. Leemans said. “So I thought, ‘Oh, I need to make sure I get up at 8 o’clock on a Saturday and vote. ’” Several Republican pollsters and strategists said that given Mr. Trump’s weakness, the F. B. I. inquiry was more likely to help the party’s candidates for the House and Senate than to transform the political fortunes of Mr. Trump. “To the extent this affects relative enthusiasm among Republicans and Democrats, it helps   Republicans,” said Whit Ayres, a pollster advising one such candidate seeking   Senator Marco Rubio of Florida. Referring to Mrs. Clinton’s lead over Mr. Trump in recent polls, Mr. Ayres added, “The margin at the top of the ticket is large enough so that it probably takes an indictment, rather than an investigation, to move those numbers sufficiently. ” With control of the Senate on a knife’s edge and Democrats wielding Mr. Trump’s unpopularity like a weapon to make gains in the House, Republicans were exultant to at least get off the defensive. While few Republicans were willing to argue that Mr. Comey’s letter could revive Mr. Trump, they said that the new revelations dovetailed with a message they were already pushing: that Democratic candidates would only enable Mrs. Clinton’s instinct for secrecy and not hold her accountable. “It boosts the    argument because it is a reminder of all of the things voters hate about Clinton,” said Rob Simms, the executive director of the House Republican campaign arm.",0
15031,Police Hope LGBT Police Car Will Boost Reporting of ‘Hate Crime’,"Lancashire Police has introduced a “Police with Pride” vehicle to their fleet, in the hope of encouraging more people to report ‘hate crimes’. [The white and   police car will be fully operational and used by the immediate response team to attend incidents around the clock across Blackpool, where it will be based.  The aim of the vehicle, on which the words “Lancashire Constabulary values diverse communities” are emblazoned, is to “engage with the gay, lesbian, bisexual and trans community to raise awareness of hate crime and domestic abuse and to encourage more people to report incidents” according to a Facebook post by Lancashire LGBT Policing Team. It will also attend ‘Pride’ events across the region throughout the year, with Blog Preston noting that the colourful car will be making an appearance in the city for this reason in summer. Lancashire’s Deputy Chief Constable Andy Rhodes said: “We are committed to equality and valuing difference and supporting the rights of lesbian, gay, bisexual and trans people. “By having a car that has a bold statement is just one way of demonstrating that commitment. ” Police and Crime Commissioner Clive Grunshaw added: “As Police and Crime Commissioner I am always looking for ways to demonstrate that the police are aware of their local communities and keen to reflect them in everything they do. “This car is just one aspect of that and again this year the Constabulary and my office will be supporting Blackpool Pride and encouraging the LGB and T community to work with us to end hate crime. ” Writing on Lancashire LGBT Policing Team’s page, Facebook user Laura Myers welcomed the fleet’s new addition, writing: “Good on you   …    . We are a country with diversity and equality and we should be proud to support the LGBT groups plus beats a boring old police car” Responses to the rainbow vehicle were mixed, however. “Used   by immediate response?? We all know which will be the last set of keys picked up  …    . This rivals the ‘pumpkin patrol’ car” Charlotte Whitton commented. It was reported on Thursday that Brighton and Hove’s former police commander, Nev Kemp, has been named Stonewall’s Senior Champion of the Year in its 2017 Workplace Equality Index. The commander’s spirited defence of an LGBT police vehicle was cited by the organisation as a key reason in their decision to issue him with the award. Stonewall said: “Nev’s passion and tenacity were demonstrated when he responded to a criticism over a Sussex Police rainbow police car for Brighton Pride 2015 by covering the largest vehicle he could find (a van) in rainbows for Pride 2016. ”",0
15032,Georgetown Asks Students to Stop Offering Dorm Space to Inauguration Protesters - Breitbart,"Administrators at Georgetown University released an advisory to students discouraging them from offering campus dorm space to inauguration protesters. [A Facebook post from the Georgetown College Democrats included a link to a form for students to fill out who were willing to host protesters looking to attend the Women’s March on Washington.  “Given our location in DC, we are calling all College Democrats to open up their dorm rooms or apartments to help house other college students for the weekend,” the post says. “Floor or couch space is much needed to host as many students as possible at Georgetown. ” Although the Georgetown administrators claim that students are permitted to host friends and family during inauguration weekend, they advised against hosting individuals that they didn’t know. “For your safety and the safety of your fellow residents, you are discouraged from inviting guests, with whom you are not familiar, to stay with you,” the statement reads. Meredith Forsyth, the president of the Georgetown College Democrats, claims that all guests will be “properly approved and vetted” by the Women’s March on Washington organization. Tom Ciccotta is a libertarian who writes about social justice and libertarian issues for Breitbart News. You can follow him on Twitter @tciccotta or email him at tciccotta@breitbart. com",0
15033,VIDEO: Mexican Cartel Offers Rewards For Rivals’ Heads -- Border City Issues Red Alert,"REYNOSA, Tamaulipas  —   Mexico’s Gulf Cartel took to social media to announce a $500, 000 reward for the heads of their rivals. The cartel made the offer on various social media platforms as cartel gunmen unleashed another wave of violence in this city. [On Friday afternoon, rival factions of the Gulf Cartel clashed in the streets of this city unleashing a barrage of machine gun fire and grenade explosions that spread terror. The intensity of the fighting led to the city government issuing a red alert notice on social media. Officials pushed out the social media notification as a way to warn citizens to stay indoors because of battles spreading throughout the city.   Rival factions of the Gulf Cartel began a bloody war for control of this border city on Tuesday, Breitbart Texas reported. The fighting follows the demise of former regional cartel boss Juan Manuel “Comandante Toro  ” Loiza Salinas. Since then, various commanders loyal to him have been fighting the rest of the cartel in an effort to stop them from taking over the city.  On Friday afternoon, the Gulf Cartel disseminated a video where they offered a reward of up to $500, 000 for one of the commanders loyal to the late Toro. The video also offered descending amounts for other key commanders. In the video, the masked gunman claims that the Gulf Cartel does not kidnap or extort innocent civilians like the faction loyal to El Toro. He claimed their only interest is in trafficking drugs, not violent crime.  The Tamaulipas government confirmed that 14 people died in the clashes since Tuesday night. Local residents claim the body count is actually 19 individuals killed including innocent bystanders and several others injured.  According to government officials on Friday afternoon, the rival factions clashed and also attacked Mexican authorities on two separate occasions. The fighting led to two gunmen dying and two individuals being injured.  The fighting has led to an increase in carjackings as cartel gunmen continue to use SUVs in order to load up teams on gunmen for their battles. Authorities have recovered more than a dozen vehicles that cartel gunmen have left behind. Cartel members spray painted some of those vehicles with the call sign   pointing to that faction being loyal to El Toro. Editor’s Note: Breitbart Texas traveled to the Mexican States of Tamaulipas, Coahuila, and Nuevo León to recruit citizen journalists willing to risk their lives and expose the cartels silencing their communities.  The writers would face certain death at the hands of the various cartels that operate in those areas including the Gulf Cartel and Los Zetas if a pseudonym were not used. Breitbart Texas’ Cartel Chronicles are published in both English and in their original Spanish. This article was written by “A. C. Del Angel” from Reynosa, Tamaulipas and Breitbart Texas’ Ildefonso Ortiz. ",0
15034,Daesh executing civilians as Iraqi forces advance,"Iraq Federal police forces launch a rocket during clashes with Daesh militants south of Mosul on October 26, 2016. (Photos by Reuters) 
Daesh executes over 230 civilians in Mosul as the battle to liberate the Iraqi city from the Takfiris gains momentum. 
""Daesh militants continued to commit atrocities in the province of Nineveh, they executed 190 people in the area of ​​Hammam al-Alil after taking them hostage in different areas of Mosul,"" saidthe chairman of the Iraqi parliamentary human rights committee, Abdel Rakhim Shamri, on Wednesday. 
He added that another 42 people were taken from the village of Arij and executed after they refused to cooperate with the terrorists. Federal police forces take part in an operation against Daesh militants south of Mosul on October 26, 2016. 
Shamri also called on Iraqi Prime Minister Haider al-Abadi to facilitate the airlifting of civilians from Daesh-held areas in Mosul as the terrorists are using them as human shields. 
On Tuesday, the UN human rights office said it had preliminary reports about scores of mass killings by Daesh around Mosul in the past week. Federal police forces take part in an operation against Daesh militants south of Mosul on October 26, 2016. 
UN human rights spokesman Rupert Colville told a regular UN briefing in Geneva that the bodies of 70 civilians with bullet wounds had been discovered by Iraqi security forces in Tuloul Naser village on October 20, and 50 police officers being held outside the city had also reportedly been killed. 
Daesh employing scorched earth policy 
On Wednesday, the commander of the Mosul operations, Major General Najm al Jabouri, announced that government forces had liberated the villages of Saf al Tuth and Nana after engaging enemy snipers stationed close to the villages. 
Locals report that Daesh militants are employing a scorched earth policy destroying buildings, farms, detonating explosives, torching industrial plants and kidnapping and killing civilians as they are forced to retreat. 
""My brother was killed by Daesh, because he wanted to join the security forces. Anyone who wanted to join the security forces would be killed. They took a lot of people, they carried them in pickup trucks, and I have no idea what their fate will be,"" said a resident of Nana village. 
Regional officials have confirmed the terrorists are kidnapping and executing people as they are forced to retreat by advancing Iraqi forces. 
A member of the Nineveh provincial council, Abdul Rahman al-Wagga, noted that the executions were carried out ""to terrorize the others, those who are in Mosul in particular."" 
""Daesh was taking families from each village it left,"" he added. Iraq army forces drive a military vehicle during the operation against Daesh militants in Qayyarah, south of Mosul, on October 26, 2016. 
Earlier, military sources announced that Peshmerga fighters had established control over Dirik village near the town of Bashiqa, which lies 12 kilometers northeast of Mosul. 
Iraq’s Joint Operations Command also announced that Iraqi counter-terrorism units were only two kilometers away from Mosul. 
Since the beginning of the operations, the Iraqi army, backed by volunteer forces, has been engaged in a large military offensive to cleanse Mosul of Daesh terrorists. The city fell in 2014 when the terror group started ravaging the country, naming Mosul as its so-called headquarters in Iraq. Loading ...",0
15035,Paris Attack Raises New Security Concerns Over Olympics - Breitbart,"PARIS (AP)  —   On a day when the Paris bid committee was supposed to show its best to the world, a knife attack on a solider raised more security questions about the French capital’s capacity to host the 2024 Olympics in a safe atmosphere. [The news of Friday’s attack outside the Louvre Museum broke hours before bid officials hosted a ceremony near the Eiffel Tower to coincide with the final submission of their   dossier to the International Olympic Committee.  The assault, the latest in a wave of attacks that has left more than 200 people dead in the country over the past two years, again highlighted the threat French officials say hangs over the country. Bid officials, however, claim Paris has the experience needed to organize and protect major events if it gets the games, citing soccer’s European Championship last year as an example despite troubles caused by hooligans in Marseille. Speaking outside the Louvre, Paris Mayor Anne Hidalgo, who is set to attend the ceremony alongside Prime Minister Bernard Cazeneuve, athletes and other bid leaders later Friday, said all major cities around the globe are under threat. “In a context of a terror threat hanging over all big cities in the world, we witnessed the efficiency and the relevance of the security measures put in place in Paris,” Hidalgo said. Paris, which has not hosted the Olympics since the 1924 Games, is competing against Budapest and Los Angeles. The International Olympic Committee will choose the host city in September. IOC President Thomas Bach was reassuring during a visit to Paris last year, saying that France showed it can deal with security challenges during the European Championship.",0
15036,No More American Thanksgivings,"Thanksgiving by Glen Ford 
“The core ideological content of the holiday serves to validate all that has since occurred on these shores – a national consecration of the unspeakable, a balm and benediction for the victors, a blessing of the fruits of murder and kidnapping, and an implicit obligation to continue the seamless historical project in the present day.” No More American Thanksgivings by Glen Ford 
This article originally appeared in the November 27, 2003 , issue of The Black Commentator, which Glen Ford co-founded and edited. 
Nobody but Americans celebrates Thanksgiving. It is reserved by history and the intent of “the founders” as the supremely white American holiday, the most ghoulish event on the national calendar. No Halloween of the imagination can rival the exterminationist reality that was the genesis, and remains the legacy, of the American Thanksgiving. It is the most loathsome, humanity-insulting day of the year – a pure glorification of racist barbarity. 
We at are thankful that the day grows nearer when the almost four centuries-old abomination will be deprived of its reason for being: white supremacy. Then we may all eat and drink in peace and gratitude for the blessings of humanity’s deliverance from the rule of evil men. 
Thanksgiving is much more than a lie – if it were that simple, an historical correction of the record of events in 1600s Massachusetts would suffice to purge the “flaw” in the national mythology. But Thanksgiving is not just a twisted fable, and the mythology it nurtures is itself inherently evil. The real-life events – subsequently revised – were perfectly understood at the time as the first, definitive triumphs of the genocidal European project in New England. The near-erasure of Native Americans in Massachusetts and, soon thereafter, from most of the remainder of the northern English colonial seaboard was the true mission of the Pilgrim enterprise – Act One of the American Dream. African Slavery commenced contemporaneously – an overlapping and ultimately inseparable Act Two. 
The last Act in the American drama must be the “root and branch” eradication of all vestiges of Act One and Two – America’s seminal crimes and formative projects. Thanksgiving as presently celebrated – that is, as a national political event – is an affront to civilization. 
Celebrating the unspeakable 
White America embraced Thanksgiving because a majority of that population glories in the fruits, if not the unpleasant details, of genocide and slavery and feels, on the whole, good about their heritage: a cornucopia of privilege and national power. Children are taught to identify with the good fortune of the Pilgrims. It does not much matter that the Native American and African holocausts that flowed from the feast at Plymouth are hidden from the children’s version of the story – kids learn soon enough that Indians were made scarce and Africans became enslaved. But they will also never forget the core message of the holiday: that the Pilgrims were good people, who could not have purposely set such evil in motion. Just as the first Thanksgivings marked the consolidation of the English toehold in what became the United States, the core ideological content of the holiday serves to validate all that has since occurred on these shores – a national consecration of the unspeakable, a balm and benediction for the victors, a blessing of the fruits of murder and kidnapping, and an implicit obligation to continue the seamless historical project in the present day. 
The Thanksgiving story is an absolution of the Pilgrims, whose brutal quest for absolute power in the New World is made to seem both religiously motivated and eminently human. Most importantly, the Pilgrims are depicted as victims – of harsh weather and their own naïve yet wholesome visions of a new beginning. In light of this carefully nurtured fable, whatever happened to the Indians, from Plymouth to California and beyond, in the aftermath of the 1621 dinner must be considered a mistake, the result of misunderstandings – at worst, a series of lamentable tragedies. The story provides the essential first frame of the American saga. It is unalloyed racist propaganda, a tale that endures because it served the purposes of a succession of the Pilgrims’ political heirs, in much the same way that Nazi-enhanced mythology of a glorious Aryan/German past advanced another murderous, expansionist mission. 
Thanksgiving is quite dangerous – as were the Pilgrims. 
Rejoicing in a cemetery 
The English settlers, their ostensibly religious venture backed by a trading company, were glad to discover that they had landed in a virtual cemetery in 1620. Corn still sprouted in the abandoned fields of the Wampanoags , but only a remnant of the local population remained around the fabled Rock. In a letter to England, Massachusetts Bay colony founder John Winthrop wrote, ""But for the natives in these parts, God hath so pursued them, as for 300 miles space the greatest part of them are swept away by smallpox which still continues among them. So as God hath thereby cleared our title to this place, those who remain in these parts, being in all not 50, have put themselves under our protection."" 
Ever diligent to claim their own advantages as God’s will, the Pilgrims thanked their deity for having “pursued” the Indians to mass death. However, it was not divine intervention that wiped out most of the natives around the village of Patuxet but, most likely, smallpox-embedded blankets planted during an English visit or slave raid. Six years before the Pilgrim landing, a ship sailed into Patuxet’s harbor, captained by none other than the famous seaman and mercenary soldier John Smith , former leader of the first successful English colony in the New World, at Jamestown, Virginia. Epidemic and slavery followed in his wake, as Debra Glidden described in IMDiversity.com : 
In 1614 the Plymouth Company of England, a joint stock company, hired Captain John Smith to explore land in its behalf. Along what is now the coast of Massachusetts in the territory of the Wampanoag, Smith visited the town of Patuxet according to ""The Colonial Horizon,"" a 1969 book edited by William Goetzinan. Smith renamed the town Plymouth in honor of his employers, but the Wampanoag who inhabited the town continued to call it Patuxet. 
The following year Captain Hunt, an English slave trader, arrived at Patuxet. It was common practice for explorers to capture Indians, take them to Europe and sell them into slavery for 220 shillings apiece. That practice was described in a 1622 account of happenings entitled ""A Declaration of the State of the Colony and Affairs in Virginia,"" written by Edward Waterhouse. True to the explorer tradition, Hunt kidnapped a number of Wampanoags to sell into slavery. 
Another common practice among European explorers was to give ""smallpox blankets"" to the Indians. Since smallpox was unknown on this continent prior to the arrival of the Europeans, Native Americans did not have any natural immunity to the disease so smallpox would effectively wipe out entire villages with very little effort required by the Europeans. William Fenton describes how Europeans decimated Native American villages in his 1957 work ""American Indian and White relations to 1830."" From 1615 to 1619 smallpox ran rampant among the Wampanoags and their neighbors to the north. The Wampanoag lost 70 percent of their population to the epidemic and the Massachusetts lost 90 percent. 
Most of the Wampanoag had died from the smallpox epidemic so when the Pilgrims arrived they found well-cleared fields which they claimed for their own. A Puritan colonist, quoted by Harvard University's Perry Miller, praised the plague that had wiped out the Indians for it was ""the wonderful preparation of the Lord Jesus Christ, by his providence for his people's abode in the Western world."" 
Historians have since speculated endlessly on why the woods in the region resembled a park to the disembarking Pilgrims in 1620. The reason should have been obvious: hundreds, if not thousands, of people had lived there just five years before. 
In less than three generations the settlers would turn all of New England into a charnel house for Native Americans, and fire the economic engines of slavery throughout English-speaking America. Plymouth Rock is the place where the nightmare truly began. 
The uninvited? 
It is not at all clear what happened at the first – and only – “integrated” Thanksgiving feast. Only two written accounts of the three-day event exist, and one of them, by Governor William Bradford, was written 20 years after the fact. Was Chief Massasoit invited to bring 90 Indians with him to dine with 52 colonists, most of them women and children? This seems unlikely. A good harvest had provided the settlers with plenty of food, according to their accounts, so the whites didn’t really need the Wampanoag’s offering of five deer. What we do know is that there had been lots of tension between the two groups that fall. John Two-Hawks, who runs the Native Circle web site, gives a sketch of the facts: 
“Thanksgiving' did not begin as a great loving relationship between the pilgrims and the Wampanoag, Pequot and Narragansett people. In fact, in October of 1621 when the pilgrim survivors of their first winter in Turtle Island sat down to share the first unofficial 'Thanksgiving' meal, the Indians who were there were not even invited! There was no turkey, squash, cranberry sauce or pumpkin pie. A few days before this alleged feast took place, a company of 'pilgrims' led by Miles Standish actively sought the head of a local Indian chief, and an 11 foot high wall was erected around the entire Plymouth settlement for the very purpose of keeping Indians out!” 
It is much more likely that Chief Massasoit either crashed the party, or brought enough men to ensure that he was not kidnapped or harmed by the Pilgrims. Dr. Tingba Apidta, in his “ Black Folks’ Guide to Understanding Thanksgiving ,” surmises that the settlers “brandished their weaponry” early and got drunk soon thereafter. He notes that “each Pilgrim drank at least a half gallon of beer a day, which they preferred even to water. This daily inebriation led their governor, William Bradford, to comment on his people's ‘notorious sin,’ which included their ‘drunkenness and uncleanliness’ and rampant ‘sodomy.’” 
Soon after the feast the brutish Miles Standish “got his bloody prize,” Dr. Apidta writes: 
“He went to the Indians, pretended to be a trader, then beheaded an Indian man named Wituwamat. He brought the head to Plymouth, where it was displayed on a wooden spike for many years, according to Gary B. Nash, ‘as a symbol of white power.’ Standish had the Indian man's young brother hanged from the rafters for good measure. From that time on, the whites were known to the Indians of Massachusetts by the name ‘Wotowquenange,’ which in their tongue meant cutthroats and stabbers.” 
What is certain is that the first feast was not called a “Thanksgiving” at the time; no further integrated dining occasions were scheduled; and the first, official all-Pilgrim “Thanksgiving” had to wait until 1637, when the whites of New England celebrated the massacre of the Wampanoag’s southern neighbors, the Pequots. 
The real Thanksgiving Day Massacre 
The Pequots today own the Foxwood Casino and Hotel , in Ledyard, Connecticut, with gross gaming revenues of over $9 billion in 2000. This is truly a (very belated) miracle, since the real first Pilgrim Thanksgiving was intended as the Pequot’s epitaph. Sixteen years after the problematical Plymouth feast, the English tried mightily to erase the Pequots from the face of the Earth, and thanked God for the blessing. 
Having subdued, intimidated or made mercenaries of most of the tribes of Massachusetts, the English turned their growing force southward, toward the rich Connecticut valley, the Pequot’s sphere of influence. At the point where the Mystic River meets the sea, the combined force of English and allied Indians bypassed the Pequot fort to attack and set ablaze a town full of women, children and old people. 
William Bradford, the former Governor of Plymouth and one of the chroniclers of the 1621 feast, was also on hand for the great massacre of 1637: 
""Those that escaped the fire were slain with the sword; some hewed to pieces, others run through with their rapiers, so that they were quickly dispatched and very few escaped. It was conceived they thus destroyed about 400 at this time. It was a fearful sight to see them thus frying in the fire...horrible was the stink and scent thereof, but the victory seemed a sweet sacrifice, and they gave the prayers thereof to God, who had wrought so wonderfully for them, thus to enclose their enemies in their hands, and give them so speedy a victory over so proud and insulting an enemy."" 
The rest of the white folks thought so, too. “This day forth shall be a day of celebration and thanksgiving for subduing the Pequots,"" read Governor John Winthrop’s proclamation. The authentic Thanksgiving Day was born. 
Most historians believe about 700 Pequots were slaughtered at Mystic. Many prisoners were executed, and surviving women and children sold into slavery in the West Indies. Pequot prisoners that escaped execution were parceled out to Indian tribes allied with the English. The Pequot were thought to have been extinguished as a people. According to IndyMedia , “The Pequot tribe numbered 8,000 when the Pilgrims arrived, but disease had brought their numbers down to 1,500 by 1637. The Pequot ‘War’ killed all but a handful of remaining members of the tribe.” 
But there were still too many Indians around to suit the whites of New England, who bided their time while their own numbers increased to critical, murderous mass. 
Guest’s head on a pole 
By the 1670s the colonists, with 8,000 men under arms, felt strong enough to demand that the Pilgrims’ former dinner guests the Wampanoags disarm and submit to the authority of the Crown. After a series of settler provocations in 1675, the Wampanoag struck back, under the leadership of Chief Metacomet, son of Massasoit, called King Philip by the English. Metacomet/Philip, whose wife and son were captured and sold into West Indian slavery, wiped out 13 settlements and killed 600 adult white men before the tide of battle turned. A 1996 issue of the Revolutionary Worker provides an excellent narrative. 
In their victory, the settlers launched an all-out genocide against the remaining Native people. The Massachusetts government offered 20 shillings bounty for every Indian scalp, and 40 shillings for every prisoner who could be sold into slavery. Soldiers were allowed to enslave any Indian woman or child under 14 they could capture. The ""Praying Indians"" who had converted to Christianity and fought on the side of the European troops were accused of shooting into the treetops during battles with ""hostiles."" They were enslaved or killed. Other ""peaceful"" Indians of Dartmouth and Dover were invited to negotiate or seek refuge at trading posts – and were sold onto slave ships. 
It is not known how many Indians were sold into slavery, but in this campaign, 500 enslaved Indians were shipped from Plymouth alone. Of the 12,000 Indians in the surrounding tribes, probably about half died from battle, massacre and starvation. 
After King Philip's War, there were almost no Indians left free in the northern British colonies. A colonist wrote from Manhattan's New York colony: ""There is now but few Indians upon the island and those few no ways hurtful. It is to be admired how strangely they have decreased by the hand of God, since the English first settled in these parts."" In Massachusetts, the colonists declared a ""day of public thanksgiving"" in 1676, saying, ""there now scarce remains a name or family of them [the Indians] but are either slain, captivated or fled."" 
Fifty-five years after the original Thanksgiving Day, the Puritans had destroyed the generous Wampanoag and all other neighboring tribes. The Wampanoag chief King Philip was beheaded. His head was stuck on a pole in Plymouth, where the skull still hung on display 24 years later. 
This is not thought to be a fit Thanksgiving tale for the children of today, but it’s the real story, well-known to the settler children of New England at the time – the white kids who saw the Wampanoag head on the pole year after year and knew for certain that God loved them best of all, and that every atrocity they might ever commit against a heathen, non-white was blessed. 
There’s a good term for the process thus set in motion: nation-building. 
Roots of the slave trade 
The British North American colonists’ practice of enslaving Indians for labor or direct sale to the West Indies preceded the appearance of the first chained Africans at the dock in Jamestown, Virginia, in 1619. The Jamestown colonists’ human transaction with the Dutch vessel was an unscheduled occurrence. However, once the African slave trade became commercially established, the fates of Indians and Africans in the colonies became inextricably entwined. New England, born of up-close-and-personal, burn-them-in-the-fires-of-hell genocide, led the political and commercial development of the English colonies. The region also led the nascent nation’s descent into a slavery-based society and economy. 
Ironically, an apologist for Virginian slavery made one of the best, early cases for the indictment of New England as the engine of the American slave trade. Unreconstructed secessionist Lewis Dabney’s 1867 book “ A Defense of Virginia ” traced the slave trade’s origins all the way back to Plymouth Rock: 
The planting of the commercial States of North America began with the colony of Puritan Independents at Plymouth, in 1620, which was subsequently enlarged into the State of Massachusetts. The other trading colonies, Rhode Island and Connecticut, as well as New Hampshire (which never had an extensive shipping interest), were offshoots of Massachusetts. They partook of the same characteristics and pursuits; and hence, the example of the parent colony is taken here as a fair representation of them. 
The first ship from America, which embarked in the African slave trade, was the Desire , Captain Pierce, of Salem; and this was among the first vessels ever built in the colony. The promptitude with which the ""Puritan Fathers"" embarked in this business may be comprehended, when it is stated that the Desire sailed upon her voyage in June, 1637. [Note: the year they massacred the Pequots.] The first feeble and dubious foothold was gained by the white man at Plymouth less than seventeen years before; and as is well known, many years were expended by the struggle of the handful of settlers for existence. So that it may be correctly said, that the commerce of New England was born of the slave trade; as its subsequent prosperity was largely founded upon it. The Desire , proceeding to the Bahamas, with a cargo of ""dry fish and strong liquors, the only commodities for those parts,"" obtained the negroes from two British men-of-war, which had captured them from a Spanish slaver. 
Thus, the trade of which the good ship Desire , of Salem, was the harbinger, grew into grand proportions; and for nearly two centuries poured a flood of wealth into New England, as well as no inconsiderable number of slaves. Meanwhile, the other maritime colonies of Rhode Island and Providence Plantations, and Connecticut, followed the example of their elder sister emulously; and their commercial history is but a repetition of that of Massachusetts. The towns of Providence, Newport, and New Haven became famous slave trading ports. The magnificent harbor of the second, especially, was the favorite starting-place of the slave ships; and its commerce rivaled, or even exceeded, that of the present commercial metropolis, New York. All the four original States, of course, became slaveholding. 
The Revolution that exploded in 1770s New England was undertaken by men thoroughly imbued with the worldview of the Indian-killer and slave-holder. How could they not be? The “country” they claimed as their own was fathered by genocide and mothered by slavery – its true distinction among the commercial nations of the world. And these men were not ashamed, but proud, with vast ambition to spread their exceptional characteristics West and South and wherever their so-far successful project in nation-building might take them – and by the same bloody, savage methods that had served them so well in the past. 
At the moment of deepest national crisis following the battle of Gettysburg in 1863, President Abraham Lincoln invoked the national fable that is far more central to the white American personality than Lincoln’s battlefield “Address.” Lincoln seized upon the 1621 feast as the historic “Thanksgiving” – bypassing the official and authentic 1637 precedent – and assigned the dateless, murky event the fourth Thursday in November. 
Lincoln surveyed a broken nation, and attempted nation-rebuilding, based on the purest white myth. The same year that he issued the Emancipation Proclamation, he renewed the national commitment to a white manifest destiny that began at Plymouth Rock. Lincoln sought to rekindle a shared national mission that former Confederates and Unionists and white immigrants from Europe could collectively embrace. It was and remains a barbaric and racist national unifier, by definition. Only the most fantastic lies can sanitize the history of the Plymouth Colony of Massachusetts. 
”Like a rock” 
The Thanksgiving holiday fable is at once a window on the way that many, if not most, white Americans view the world and their place in it, and a pollutant that leaches barbarism into the modern era. The fable attempts to glorify the indefensible, to enshrine an era and mission that represent the nation’s lowest moral denominators . Thanksgiving as framed in the mythology is, consequently, a drag on that which is potentially civilizing in the national character, a crippling, atavistic deformity. Defenders of the holiday will claim that the politically-corrected children’s version promotes brotherhood, but that is an impossibility – a bald excuse to prolong the worship of colonial “forefathers” and to erase the crimes they committed. Those bastards burned the Pequot women and children, and ushered in the multinational business of slavery. These are facts. The myth is an insidious diversion – and worse. 
Humanity cannot tolerate a 21st Century superpower, much of whose population perceives the world through the eyes of 17th Century land and flesh bandits. Yet that is the trick that fate has played on the globe. We described the roots of the planetary dilemma in our March 13 commentary, “ Racism & War, Perfect Together. ” 
The English arrived with criminal intent - and brought wives and children to form new societies predicated on successful plunder. To justify the murderous enterprise, Indians who had initially cooperated with the squatters were transmogrified into ""savages"" deserving displacement and death. The relentlessly refreshed lie of Indian savagery became a truth in the minds of white Americans, a fact to be acted upon by every succeeding generation of whites. The settlers became a singular people confronting the great ""frontier"" - a euphemism for centuries of genocidal campaigns against a darker, ""savage"" people marked for extinction. 
The necessity of genocide was the operative, working assumption of the expanding American nation. ""Manifest Destiny"" was born at Plymouth Rock and Jamestown, later to fall (to paraphrase Malcolm) like a rock on Mexico, the Philippines, Haiti, Nicaragua, etc. Little children were taught that the American project was inherently good, Godly, and that those who got in the way were ""evil-doers"" or just plain subhuman, to be gloriously eliminated. The lie is central to white American identity, embraced by waves of European settlers who never saw a red person. 
Only a century ago, American soldiers caused the deaths of possibly a million Filipinos whom they had been sent to “liberate” from Spanish rule. They didn’t even know who they were killing, and so rationalized their behavior by substituting the usual American victims. Colonel Funston , of the Twentieth Kansas Volunteers, explained what got him motivated in the Philippines: 
""Our fighting blood was up and we all wanted to kill 'niggers.' This shooting human beings is a 'hot game,' and beats rabbit hunting all to pieces."" Another wrote that ""the boys go for the enemy as if they were chasing jack-rabbits .... I, for one, hope that Uncle Sam will apply the chastening rod, good, hard, and plenty, and lay it on until they come into the reservation and promise to be good 'Injuns.'"" 
Last week in northern Iraq another American colonel, Joe Anderson of the 101st Airborne (Assault) Division, revealed that he is incapable of perceiving Arabs as human beings. Colonel Anderson, who doubles as a commander and host of a radio call-in program and a TV show designed to win the hearts and minds of the people of Mosul, had learned that someone was out to assassinate him. In the wild mood swing common to racists, Anderson decided that Iraqis are all alike – and of a different breed. He said as much to the Los Angeles Times . 
""They don't understand being nice,"" said Anderson, who helps oversee the military zone that includes Mosul and environs. He doesn't hide his irritation after months dedicated to restoring the city: ""We spent so long here working with kid gloves, but the average Iraqi guy will tell you, 'The only thing people respect here is violence…. They only understand being shot at, being killed. That's the culture.' … Nice guys do finish last here."" 
Col. Anderson personifies the unfitness of Americans to play a major role in the world, much less rule it. ""We poured a lot of our heart and soul into trying to help the people,” he bitched, as if Americans were God’s gift to the planet. ""But it can be frustrating when you hear stupid people still saying, 'You're occupiers. You want our oil. You're turning our country over to Israel.'” He cannot fathom that other people – non-whites – aspire to run their own affairs, and will kill and die to achieve that basic right. 
What does this have to do with the Mayflower? Everything. Although possibly against their wishes, the Pilgrims hosted the Wampanoag for three no doubt anxious days. The same men killed and enslaved Wampanoags immediately before and after the feast. They, their newly arrived English comrades and their children roasted hundreds of neighboring Indians alive just 16 years later, and two generations afterwards cleared nearly the whole of New England of its indigenous “savages,” while enthusiastically enriching themselves through the invention of transoceanic, sophisticated means of enslaving millions. The Mayflower’s cultural heirs are programmed to find glory in their own depravity, and savagery in their most helpless victims, who can only redeem themselves by accepting the inherent goodness of white Americans. 
Thanksgiving encourages these cognitive cripples in their madness, just as it is designed to do.",0
15037,The Nuclear Option: Obama Silent over Trump Tower Wiretaps - Breitbart,"What is with this curious  —   now deafening  —   silence from former President Barack Obama on these charges that his administration spied on a political opponent at the very height of a presidential campaign? [Since President Trump first leveled the incendiary charges in early March, there have been thousands of press articles and endless hours of speculation on cable television about the   accusations.  Every word, character, and symbol of punctuation from Mr. Trump has been parsed and sussed and diagrammed. This is no small thing we are talking about here. We are talking about a sitting president’s administration using the terrifying powers of espionage of the United States government to conduct an intelligence operation against a political opponent before, during and after that target was elected president of the United States. So much for “peaceful transfer of power. ” This would be 10 times more serious than Watergate. We are talking a constitutional crisis the likes of which we have never seen in modern times. And all anybody around here seems to want to talk about is the exhaustively investigated  —   yet still unsubstantiated  —   conspiracy theories about Mr. Trump’s supposed ties to Russia. Well, what about Mr. Obama? Did he actually morph into Russian President Vladimir Putin himself? Did he turn the White House into the Kremlin? Those are much graver charges than whether somebody has “ties” to the Russians. And so many of the questions about Mr. Obama’s involvement in spying on his political enemy remain unanswered. Actually, they remain unasked at this point. And before you dismiss these questions as crazy tweets from a crazy dictator, remember that Mr. Trump’s national security adviser was fired after he was  —   indisputably  —   wiretapped and unmasked during the time he was serving on Mr. Trump’s transition team. This alone would be utterly unbelievable in a world before Oliver Stone’s movie “Snowden. ” So, what say you, Mr. Obama? Crickets. The only statement from Mr. Obama was a carefully worded   issued by a spokesman. “A cardinal rule of the Obama Administration was that no White House official ever interfered with any independent investigation led by the Department of Justice,” the statement began. This would seem to merely confirm that Mr. Trump was being investigated by the Obama Administration  —   but that Mr. Obama’s fingerprints would not be found anywhere on that investigation. And, yes, this is the same corrupt administration that featured the attorney general meeting in a private plane on a tarmac with the husband of the woman who was supposed to be Mr. Obama’s successor  —   while she was under investigation by the FBI. The Obama spokesman’s statement went on to say: “As part of that practice, neither President Obama nor any White House official ever ordered surveillance on any U. S. citizen. Any suggestion otherwise is simply false. ” Here again, they are playing a silly game. Instead of answering the real question, they are hiding behind the loose and imprecise language of Mr. Trump’s tweet where he shorthands the whole accusation in less than 140 digits by saying “Obama had my ‘wires tapped’ in Trump Tower. ” Any logical human knows what Mr. Trump meant by this. I don’t think any serious person actually thought Mr. Obama himself in a hard hat and work gloves with wire snips was in the walls at Trump Tower twisting wires together. Obviously, Mr. Trump meant that he and his campaign and transition team had been spied upon by U. S. intelligence services at the behest of  —   or with knowledge of  —   the sitting U. S. president. Monumental charges. Yet no denial from the former president. On Mr. Obama’s Twitter feed, he has opined about Chuck Berry, International Women’s Day and even Valentine’s Day. But not a peep about the serious charges lodged against him. This, at a time when we are told that Mr. Obama plans to lead the political resistance against Mr. Trump. He should begin by “resisting” these charges. • Charles Hurt can be reached at churt@washingtontimes. com follow him on Twitter via @charleshurt.",0
15038,Miley Cyrus Crying Over Trump Victory (Video),"Miley Cyrus Crying Over Trump Victory (Video) 2 shares by Ike Mclean / November 11, 2016 / POLITICS / 
After it was announced that Donald Trump would be the 45 th president of the United States, Miley Cyrus posted a video online of her crying over the results. 
With tears rolling down her face Cyrus says, “So, probably like most people—well, maybe not, because given the result—maybe I really am different and maybe a lot of people that I’m surrounded by think with open minds and open hearts like I do. And I do want to say that I’ve been very vocal for my support for everyone besides Donald Trump. Heavily supported Bernie. Heavily supported Hillary. And I still think that in her lifetime she deserves to be the first female president, and that’s what makes me so sad.” 
“I just wish that she had that opportunity. Because she fought for so long and because I believe her when she says that she loves this country. This is all she’s ever done. She’s given her life to make it better. But, like Donald Trump so ironically played after his speech, it said, ‘You can’t always get what you want.’ And happy hippies, we adjust and we accept everyone for who they are. And so Donald Trump, I accept you,” she said. “And this hurts to say, but I even accept you as the President of the United States, and that’s fine…because I think now I want to be hopeful.” 
She then went on to thank Barack Obama for “everything he has done the past eight years,” and thanked Hillary “for inspiring us.” 
The video of Miley crying can be seen below: 
Sign up to get breaking news alerts from Dennis Michael Lynch. Subscribe ",0
15039,"Hillary Clinton and Tim Kaine Show New Tax Returns, Pressuring Donald Trump - The New York Times","Hillary Clinton and her running mate, Tim Kaine, released a new batch of their own income tax returns on Friday, ratcheting up the pressure on her opponent, Donald J. Trump, to begin making public his own forms. The newest tax return of Mrs. Clinton and her husband, former President Bill Clinton, showed an adjusted gross income of $10. 6 million for 2015, a large drop from previous years but still enough to place them in the top 0. 1 percent of American households. They paid about $3. 6 million in federal taxes for an effective tax rate of about 35 percent. More than half their income came from speeches Mrs. Clinton also earned $3 million from “Hard Choices,” her memoir of her years as secretary of state. Mr. Kaine, the Virginia senator, and his wife, Anne Holton, who was Virginia’s secretary of education until she stepped down last month, reported income of $313, 441 for 2015. But aside from their earnings, the release was intended to put a spotlight on Mr. Trump’s refusal to release his own returns. Mike Pence, the Indiana governor and Mr. Trump’s running mate, also has not made public his tax data during the campaign. Mrs. Clinton’s spokeswoman, Jennifer Palmieri, said in a statement the release sets a “stark contrast” with Mr. Trump, whom she accused of “hiding behind fake excuses. ” “He has failed to provide the public with the most basic financial information disclosed by every major candidate in the last 40 years,” she said. “What is he trying to hide?” The Trump campaign would not discuss his tax returns, but in a statement on Friday, a spokesman, Jason Miller, called Mrs. Clinton’s disclosure an effort to shield her from questions about her emails when she was secretary of state and about what favors were sought by donors to her family’s foundation. “This document release is nothing more than an attempt at distraction and misdirection by an individual who created and then purged an illegal private email server,” he said. If Mr. Trump does not make public the details of his taxes, he would be the first major party presidential nominee to decline to do so since Richard M. Nixon. Mr. Trump is not required as a candidate to reveal his taxes, but he has submitted his personal financial disclosure form outlining his business interests, which he is obligated to file. While Mr. Trump has cited an I. R. S. audit as his reason for not releasing his taxes, the agency said in a statement this year, “Nothing prevents individuals from sharing their own tax information. ” The lack of a disclosure of his taxes has opened Mr. Trump to attacks, first during the Republican primary campaign and now in the months leading to the Nov. 8 general election. Critics have questioned whether Mr. Trump has not released his taxes because his reported earnings could be underwhelming in comparison to his own statements about his net worth. Others have suggested that the tax documents would reveal business interests that could be problematic if he were elected. There have also been questions about how much Mr. Trump has paid in taxes over the years, whether he in fact paid any federal taxes some years, and whether he has followed through on his charitable pledges. Given the expansive web of tax breaks available to real estate developers, tax experts say it would not be surprising if Mr. Trump paid little or no income taxes some years, even as he amassed billions of dollars in wealth. The Clintons’ income has also brought scrutiny, and their returns hint at how much they have relied on their star power and government connections to catapult them into the ranks of the super rich. Though they were once seen as relatable to average Americans, polls suggest that many voters now see them as out of touch. Their 2015 income, while less than half what they earned the previous year, put them well above the $2 million threshold for the top 0. 1 percent of taxpayers, according to an analysis of federal income tax data by Emmanuel Saez, an economics professor at the University of California, Berkeley. They were within $1 million of reaching the 0. 01 percent threshold  —   or the top 1 percent of the top 1 percent. In recent years they have collected tens of millions of dollars in fees for speeches, including some delivered abroad and others sponsored by financial institutions. Mrs. Clinton has faced calls to release the transcripts of her speeches, particularly from the three she gave for Goldman Sachs for a total of $675, 000. Her primary opponent, Senator Bernie Sanders, and Mr. Trump have used those speeches to portray Mrs. Clinton as being chummy with Wall Street. In 2015, before she officially began her campaign and stopped giving speeches, she earned $1. 5 million in speaking fees. Her husband earned $5. 25 million from speeches last year. According to Mrs. Clinton’s personal financial disclosure filed in May, she and her husband made more than two dozen speeches in 2015 for $150, 000 and up. Mr. Clinton earned $225, 000 for a February speech sponsored by UBS Wealth Management, for example, and Mrs. Clinton gave a speech for eBay in March for $315, 000. Mr. Clinton also earned $1. 7 million from his consulting business, WJC L. L. C. after it brought in more than $6 million the year before, according to the tax returns. The financial disclosure from earlier this year said that two sources of consulting income were Varkey GEMS Foundation, an international charity founded by Sunny Varkey, an education entrepreneur, and Laureate Education, a network of   schools. These financial ties  —   including the past speeches, business endeavors and well as donor relationships with the Clinton Foundation  —   have already attracted critics who say they include inherent conflicts of interest and could be problematic under a Clinton administration. From 2007 to 2015, according to returns released Friday and previously, the Clintons made a total adjusted gross income of $150 million and paid $48 million in federal taxes. In the same period they gave $16 million to charity, including $1 million last year that went mostly to their family foundation. The Clintons’ other income last year included $24, 932 in interest, $84, 358 in mutual fund dividends and $226, 297 in pension payments from the federal and Arkansas governments. Their deductions included $1. 4 million in state income taxes and $98, 244 in property taxes on their homes in Chappaqua, N. Y. and Washington. They also wrote off $41, 040 in mortgage interest.",0
15040,West Ham fans laud aerodynamic properties of new pound coin,"Tuesday 1 November 2016 by Formelia Alberthine West Ham fans laud aerodynamic properties of new pound coin 
West Ham fans have thanked the Royal Mint for its efforts in improving the match-day experience at the London Stadium with the release of a new more aerodynamic pound coin. 
Many season ticket holders claim its enhanced aerodynamic design, could see its distance and accuracy improve significantly. 
A Royal Mint spokesperson explained, “There is a reason golf balls aren’t completely flat, these imperfections on the surface actually reward the more skilful throwers. You’re welcome.” 
After a spate of crowd disturbances at the ground, Hammers fans had complained of a return to the dark days of the early eighties, where only ‘unpredictable’ circular coins could be deployed as missiles at games. 
West Ham fan Simon Williams congratulated the Royal Mint on the technological advances which have seen multiple ‘stabilising’ edges introduced. 
He told us, “I’m reasonably confident that with this new coin I could pick out the skull of an opposition player, or supporter for that matter, from way up in the gods. 
“They’re quite weighty – I had become accustomed to launching 20p’s, but they only leave flesh wounds – these babies could do serious brain damage. 
“Obviously it’s difficult to inflict brain damage upon Millwall fans, but it will be fun trying! 
West Ham vice-chair Karen Brady hoped the temptation to start launching whole pounds could see match day takings increase significantly. 
“Listen, if they want to start targeting the directors’ seats then please, by all means, do so. 
“In fact, I’d like to see all denominations of our fabled currency ‘go coin’. 
“If someone could chuck us a £50 we’d happily throw Andy Carroll back at them in retaliation.” Get the best NewsThump stories in your mailbox every Friday, for FREE! There are currently ",0
15041,U.S. Army Tests High-Energy Laser That Can Destroy Drones,"The U. S. Army has been testing a   laser weapon that can destroy drones. [Researchers are testing Stryker infantry transport vehicles mounted with a 5kW laser weapon so that one day, the weapon can destroy drones on the front lines, the Daily Mail reported.  The laser weapon brought down 50 drones during a   firing exercise. “They love the system and they are excited about not only what they can do with it in the air, but what they can do with it on the ground as well,” Lt. Col. Jeff Erts, who is in charge of the experiments, said. The Army is also working with Lockheed Martin to test a 60kW laser weapon. Other branches of the military also plan to utilize laser weapons. The U. S. Navy is planning on deploying laser weapons on its ships within the next two years.",0
15042,Trump Responds to North Korean Missile Launch With Uncharacteristic Restraint - The New York Times,"WASHINGTON  —   After North Korea threatened on New Year’s Day to test an intercontinental ballistic missile, Donald J. Trump, then   reacted with characteristic swagger. He vowed to stop the North from developing a nuclear weapon capable of hitting the United States. “It won’t happen!” he wrote on Twitter. But six weeks later, after North Korea defiantly launched a missile into the sea, Mr. Trump, now president, reacted with surprising restraint. Appearing before cameras late at night on Saturday in Florida with his golfing guest, Prime Minister Shinzo Abe of Japan, Mr. Trump read a statement of just 23 words that pledged American support for Tokyo without even mentioning North Korea. The muted comment stood in sharp contrast to his response after Iran tested a ballistic missile, when he directed his national security adviser to publicly warn Tehran that he was “officially putting Iran on notice” and followed up with sanctions. If North Korea was testing the new president, as many analysts believe, then Mr. Trump seemed intent on showing that he would not be baited into a confrontation every time an American adversary tried to provoke him. At least not right away. In his short time in office, Mr. Trump has shown that he can respond to events in measured ways one moment and with hotheaded bluster the next. But even after waking up on Sunday morning, Mr. Trump chose to publicly feud with Mark Cuban, the owner of the Dallas Mavericks, rather than the maverick leader of North Korea. “I assume they don’t have a strategy yet, so Trump with Abe by his side was properly taciturn, surprisingly so,” said Jeffrey A. Bader, an Asia scholar at the Brookings Institution who served as President Barack Obama’s Asia adviser. “But that can’t hold. At some point you need to articulate a strategy. ” The tempered response may also have reflected the fact that the missile launched on Sunday by North Korea was either a   or an   missile, according to the American military, and not an intercontinental missile, or ICBM, capable of reaching the United States. The missile flew 310 miles before dropping harmlessly into the Sea of Japan, according to the South Korean military, which identified it as an   Musudan. North Korea regularly tests missiles in violation of United Nations resolutions, including roughly two dozen last year, but has boasted that it could test an ICBM “anytime and anywhere. ” The kind tested on Sunday poses a potential threat to American allies in Japan and South Korea and American forces in the Pacific, but could not strike the United States. “It’s yet unclear what missile was tested,” said Thomas Karako, a missile expert at the Center for Strategic and International Studies in Washington. “What is certain is that North Korea has now begun 2017 by continuing the aggressive pace of missile testing they’ve shown in recent years. ” North Korea challenged Mr. Obama early in his tenure, too, with an underground nuclear blast four months after he took office. The effect was to harden Mr. Obama’s attitude toward North Korea for the rest of his presidency, according to former aides. Rather than try to negotiate, as both Presidents Bill Clinton and George W. Bush did, Mr. Obama focused on tightening international sanctions and bolstering alliances with Japan and South Korea. Three weeks in office, the Trump administration is still trying to find its footing on foreign policy, especially in areas like North Korea that have not been Mr. Trump’s main focus. Secretary of State Rex W. Tillerson was sworn in on Feb. 1 and does not even have a deputy, much less a full team of trusted advisers, in place. That North Korea’s latest test came while Mr. Trump was hosting Mr. Abe for a multiday set of meetings, meals and golfing, first at the White House and then at Mr. Trump’s    estate in Palm Beach, Fla. was seen as no accident. And it may be that Mr. Abe counseled Mr. Trump on his response. In his own comments while he stood beside Mr. Trump, Mr. Abe called the launch “absolutely intolerable. ” Asia experts and members of Congress praised Mr. Trump for reaffirming American support for Japan but lamented that he did not mention South Korea at the same time. “I was glad he issued the statement with the prime minister of Japan, but he ought to do it quickly with South Korea,” Senator Chuck Schumer of New York, the Democratic minority leader, said on “Face the Nation” on CBS. “South Korea is probably more susceptible to North Korea’s virulence than any other country. ” White House officials on Sunday remained quiet about the test and their emerging strategy. Stephen Miller, the president’s senior adviser for policy, said Mr. Trump had sent a strong signal with his joint appearance with Mr. Abe. “But we’re going to be sending another signal very soon, and that signal is when we begin a great rebuilding of the armed forces of the United States,” he said, also on “Face the Nation. ” “President Trump is going to go to Congress and ask them to invest in our military so once again we will have unquestioned military strength beyond anything anybody can imagine. ” Short of military action, the menu of options available for Mr. Trump is not significantly better than it was for his predecessors. The United States and the United Nations have already imposed an array of wrenching sanctions and have largely isolated North Korea from much of the world. On his first overseas trip since taking office, Defense Secretary Jim Mattis visited Japan and South Korea to reassure them of America’s support despite statements by Mr. Trump during the campaign that called it into question. South Korean officials agreed to press ahead with development of a new missile defense system called Terminal   Area Defense, or Thaad. Most policy makers consider China crucial to any meaningful response to North Korea, given the nations’ extensive economic and political connections, but it remains uncertain that Mr. Trump would have any better chance of persuading Beijing to take tougher action. Mr. Trump had a   telephone call with President Xi Jinping of China last week and promised to stick by America’s longstanding “One China” policy, reportedly at Mr. Tillerson’s urging. But the president has been an unrelenting critic of China on trade and currency matters, and some of his top advisers, including Stephen K. Bannon, his chief strategist, view China as a   adversary. “We will learn an enormous amount about his policy and his administration by how he deals with North Korea,” said Evan S. Medeiros, a managing director at the Eurasia Group and a former Obama adviser. “It’s the land of really bad options, and the threat is only becoming more serious and the window is closing. It will probably become the defining security challenge for the next president in Asia, if not globally. ”",0
15043,US Coalition Airstrikes Have Killed at Least 300 Civilians in Syria,"( ANTIWAR ) Amnesty International has issued a new statement warning that the US needs to do more to prevent civilian casualties in its coalition airstrikes in both Iraq and Syria, and cautioned the US has dramatically under-reported the number of civilians killed in their air war. The new report centered on Syria, noting that the US-led coalition had killed at least 300 civilians in Syria, and had not admitted to the vast majority of those slain. They reported the US had killed around 250 civilians just in the city of Manbij and the surrounding area.
The US backed a Kurdish invasion of Manbij earlier this past summer, and conducted several major airstrikes in the surrounding areas, including some which killed scores of civilians. As Amnesty pointed out, the US has not officially included any civilians from the Manbij strikes on their official count, despite the incidents being well established.
Amnesty warned that the lack of official recognition raised concerns that the US had not made any corrections to their policy, and that this was particularly concerning with the ongoing invasion of the city of Mosul, which is many times larger and expected to be an even longer conflict.
The Pentagon has only acknowledged a few dozen civilian deaths in both Iraq and Syria combined. The Amnesty report, while drastically higher, is still considered very conservative, with the Syrian Observatory for Human Rights putting the US-caused civilian death toll in Syria between 600 and 1,000.",0
15044,BREAKING! The White House Makes STUNNING Anti-Hillary Move After FBI Announcement,"0 comments Actions of this magnitude from a are simply DEVASTATING! According to a late-night report, The White House is taking drastic action in light of the FBI’s reopening of Hillary Clinton’s email investigation. The Obama Administration has stated that they had not prior knowledge of the new investigation. It is also being reported that The Department of Justice was not notified, either. Some theorize that the Federal Bureau of Investigation is working to regain its reputation as an organization of integrity. By choosing not to inform The White House or The Department of Justice, the FBI could have been trying to prevent intervention from these two powerhouses. Now, the public knows that the investigation has been restarted, and it will be harder for pro-Hillary government organizations to play politics with the issue. The FBI’s stunning news has caused The White House to take action, according to a recent report from Redflagnews . Late Friday night, all of Barack Obama’s scheduled campaign appearances on behalf of Hillary Clinton were CANCELLED! Reportedly, all of the pre-planned events have been removed from the schedule (see below.) Given that President Obama’s approval ratings are at an all-time high, a mass cancellation of this nature is certainly devastating to a Democrat Presidential hopeful like Hillary Clinton. For a popular, two-term President to distance himself from a Campaign, during the final ten days of the Election, is earth-shattering. Take a look at the following graphic: Will the Hillary Clinton Campaign have time to recover from these shocking revelations? Unfortunately, for Hillary, this may not be the last shoe to drop. Julian Assange of WikiLeaks has said that his next release will be the one that will definitely incriminate Hillary. Additionally, group like Anonymous are hinting that they also have blockbuster information to be released soon. Has the “October Surprise” been replaced by the “November Surprise?” It appears that Hillary Clinton is about to find out. Related Items",0
15045,"FBI had no time to review 650,000 emails","There are 691,200 seconds in 8 days. FBI Director Comey reviewed 650,000 emails in 8 days? An email per second? Americans aren’t stupid! – tweet from Bernard Kerik, ex-NYPD Commissioner
The post FBI had no time to review 650,000 emails appeared first on PaulCraigRoberts.org .",0
15046,Texas A&M Student Crashes Into Cop While Trying to Send Her Boyfriend Topless Photo,"0 comments 
A 19-year-old Texas A&M student has been arrested on a misdemeanor charge of driving while intoxicated, after crashing into the back of a Bryan Police Department patrol car at around 8:30 p.m. on Wednesday night. She had been distracted while trying to send her boyfriend a topless photo. 
Miranda Rader told the officer whose patrol car she crashed into that she had been trying to take the photo to send to her boyfriend on Snapchat. According to the police report, when the officer approached Rader, she had an “unclasped brassiere” and was attempting to put her blouse back on. 
“I asked her why she was not dressed while driving and she stated that she was taking a Snapchat photo to send to her boyfriend while she was at a red light,” the officer wrote in the report, according to KBTX-TV. 
The officer was in the area because he had been called to a disturbance in the 2500 block of East Villa Maria Road in Bryan. He heard a car braking hard, then a crash. When he turned, he saw Rader’s SUV had crashed into the back of his patrol car. It does not appear that he was in the vehicle at the time. 
Rader admitted to the officer that she was coming from a friend’s house, where she had been drinking wine. She was on her way back to her on-campus dorm. Fortunately, no one was injured in the accident. 
According to Dallas News , the college freshman had an open wine bottle in the SUV and failed parts of a sobriety test before having her blood drawn. 
In years past, you only had to warn teenagers about the dangers of drinking and driving, but with the onslaught of social media and apps for smartphones like Snapchat, we now must also caution them against texting naked pictures of themselves while driving. Insane, isn’t it?",0
15047,"It Begins: Crowds Mass In Major Cities: DC, LA, NYC, Philly, Portland, More… | Will It Escalate? | “95% Chance Of Widespread Violence”","(Live Streams Available Below) 
Anti-Trump protesters are massing all over the country at this moment. Thousands of angry people in Washington, D.C., Philadelphia, Portland, New York and Los Angeles. The New York Times reports that crowds have been peaceful thus far:
Protesters claim they are there to reject Donald’s Trump racist policies and some say they fear mass deportations under a Trump Presidency.
The anxiety began to build on social media this morning as scores of people called for protests, revolution and open threats to kill President Elect Donald Trump .
In the build up to November 8th we warned that the situation post-election, regardless of who wins, could quickly escalate into open warfare and Mike Adams of Natural News warned of a 95% chance of widespread post-election violence .
With large-scale protests now brewing in major cities across the country, we believe it is only a matter of time before some or all of these forecasts could come to fruition. Should things turn violent, though not confirmed by official sources, the Obama administration is prepared to respond. An insider leak last month indicated that the Federal government, including the military and the Department of Homeland Security, would be holding drills before and after the election in which they anticipate “no rule of law.” Such drills, should it be necessary, could very quickly go real-world.
In such a scenario a lock-down of major cities following widespread rioting would be the likely course of action.
There is a strong possibility that protests will be ongoing and that they may escalate. We encourage readers to take preventative measures by preparing for breakdown with a an easy to implement preparedness plan and necessary emergency stockpiles that may include food, water, self defense and protective breathing masks (for those who find themselves too close to the action for comfort) . 
Live Streams (Some of these streams may become unavailable as the night progresses): 


Related: 
The Prepper’s Blueprint: A Step-By-Step Guide To Prepare For Any Disaster 
Tactical Gas Masks and Filters 
Riots, Flag Burning And Open “Threats to Kill Trump” Follow Hillary’s Election Loss 
“This Quickly Escalates Into Open Warfare” – Why The Government Is Preparing For Post-Election Chaos 
Unrest and Martial Law? Leaked Military Drill Anticipates “No Rule of Law” After Election Results 
Prepping for a Full On Breakdown? Stockpile These Foods ",0
15048,"Fake News: NYT, NYDN, HuffPo Report GOP Helping Mentally Ill Get Guns","The New York Times (NYT) the New York Daily News (NYDN) and The Huffington Post (HuffPo) are responding to the Senate vote to repeal the Social Security gun ban by accusing GOP lawmakers of helping the mentally ill get guns. [The House of Representatives voted to repeal the Social Security gun ban on February 2, and the Senate followed suit on February 15.  NYT reacted with an editorial titled “Congress Says, Let the Mentally Ill Buy Guns. ” The NYDN ran an editorial titled “Gun Crazy: Making It Easier for the Mentally Troubled to Get Guns. ” HuffPo ran a column titled “Congress Just Repealed Rules to Keep Guns from the Mentally Ill. ” The NYDN’s story features a large photo of Sandy Hook Elementary School attacker Adam Lanza. This gives the impression that a Social Security ban would have stopped    like Lanza from buying a gun at retail. However, Lanza was not a Social Security recipient, and he did not buy his guns at retail. Rather, he stole them. The Social Security gun ban would have done nothing to stop Lanza’s attack, but it would have denied Second Amendment rights to millions of elderly Social Security beneficiaries. This is why Jeffrey Swanson, Duke University’s psychiatry professor, said former President Barack Obama’s Social Security gun ban targets the “vulnerable” rather than the dangerous. AWR Hawkins is the Second Amendment columnist for Breitbart News and host of Bullets with AWR Hawkins, a Breitbart News podcast. He is also the political analyst for Armed American Radio. Follow him on Twitter: @AWRHawkins. Reach him directly at awrhawkins@breitbart. com.  ",0
15049,Donald Trump Gambles on Immigration but Sends Conflicting Signals - The New York Times,"Donald J. Trump made an audacious attempt on Wednesday to remake his image on the divisive issue of immigration, shelving his plan to deport 11 million undocumented people and arguing that a Trump administration and Mexico would secure the border together. In a spirited bid for undecided American voters to see him anew, Mr. Trump swept into Mexico City to make overtures to a nation he has repeatedly denigrated, then flew to Phoenix to outline in his usual bullying tone his latest priorities on immigration. Yet the juxtaposition of Mr. Trump’s dual performances was so jarring that his true vision and intentions on immigration were hard to discern. He displayed an almost unrecognizable demeanor during his afternoon in Mexico, appearing measured and diplomatic, while hours later he took the stage at his campaign rally and denounced illegal immigrants on the whole as a criminally minded and dangerous group that sows terror in communities and commits murders, rapes and other heinous violence. Mr. Trump’s mixed messages on whom he would deport and when, and how the government would go about removing people from the country, were further muddled by the incendiary language in the Phoenix speech  —   a deliberate effort by campaign advisers to draw attention to his criticism of illegal immigrants rather than the specifics of his plan. In his speech, Mr. Trump fervently tried to depict himself as an ally of average workers, saying their economic interests were far more important than the needs of undocumented workers. But he left unclear what would happen to those millions of illegal immigrants, saying only that “the appropriate disposition of those individuals” will take place at some future date after the criminals are deported and his border wall is built. Deporting all illegal immigrants had been his signature political issue for much of the presidential race, but his caustic tone and harsh approach has turned off many Republicans and independents, particularly women. His language was still fiery in Phoenix, yet he also said that the fate of most illegal immigrants would be handled humanely, and not right away. “That discussion can only take place in an atmosphere in which illegal immigration is a memory of the past, no longer with us, allowing us to weigh the different options available based on the new circumstances at the time,” Mr. Trump said, using the sort of vague phrasing that he once criticized. Never had Mr. Trump gambled quite like this. Aiming to appear statesmanlike, he traveled to politically hostile territory to meet with a president who might have surprised him with a rebuke, and he also risked support from some conservatives who do not want him cozying up to Mexico or softening his immigration plans. The trip to Mexico City was not without snags. Standing beside President Peña Nieto, Mr. Trump indicated that he had pulled a punch and chosen not to discuss his campaign promise to compel Mexico to pay for the wall. Yet Mr. Peña Nieto saw it somewhat differently, saying later on Twitter that at the start of their meeting, “I made it clear that Mexico will not pay for the wall. ” Mr. Peña Nieto did not dispute Mr. Trump at their news conference, however, and Mexican officials said that the two men did not dwell on the wall and that their meeting was conciliatory. Still, campaign advisers to Hillary Clinton, the Democratic nominee, accused Mr. Trump of lying, and the Trump campaign issued a statement saying that the meeting was “not a negotiation” and that “it is unsurprising that they hold two different views on this issue. ” In Phoenix, Mr. Trump responded to Mr. Peña Nieto with the hectoring language that has long been part of his strategy to whip up his crowds. “Mexico will pay for the wall, believe me  —   100 percent  —   they don’t know it yet, but they will pay for the wall,” Mr. Trump said. “They’re great people, and great leaders, but they will pay for the wall. ” Mr. Trump had billed the Phoenix speech as a major address on immigration, and many Republican leaders and voters had hoped for more clarity about his positions. Mr. Trump outlined several steps that he would take to deport criminals and those who overstayed their visas and end   sanctuary cities, while saying that “the one route and only route” for others to obtain legal status would be “to return home and apply for  . ” “We will treat everyone living or residing in our country with great dignity  —   so important,” Mr. Trump said, noting that the status of most illegal immigrants was no longer a “core issue” for him. Mr. Trump also invited a group of Americans to the stage who, one by one, shared the names of relatives who they said were killed by illegal immigrants and insisted that only Mr. Trump could protect the country by securing its borders and moving swiftly to deport immigrants with criminal records. Yet for all the fiery language and stagecraft, it was far from clear if Mr. Trump’s most ardent supporters would stick by him as he moves away from his original   policy on immigration, or if he would win over many undecided voters with his new approach. But Mr. Trump went to great lengths to urge voters to view the presidential race as an epochal moment. “We are in the middle of a jobs crisis, a border crisis, and a terrorism crisis,” he said. “This election is our last chance to secure the border, stop illegal immigration, and reform our laws to make your life better. This is it. We won’t get another opportunity  —   it will be too late. ” The whirlwind day started after Mr. Trump accepted an invitation from Mr. Peña Nieto to meet him at the presidential palace to discuss economic and border concerns. For the most part they managed to sidestep combustible issues and ignore raging hostility from average Mexicans. Mr. Trump has called them rapists and drug dealers, and he did not apologize for those remarks during a joint news conference when a reporter pressed him for any regrets. Instead, as an impassive Mr. Peña Nieto looked on, Mr. Trump sounded conciliatory themes about working together to improve border security. Gone, at least for this foreign trip, were the threats about American interests and superiority that have defined Mr. Trump’s candidacy and electrified his supporters. “I think it was an excellent meeting,” Mr. Trump said. Mr. Peña Nieto, who pointedly emphasized goals like “mutual respect” and “constructive” relations several times in his remarks, did Mr. Trump some favors with his respectful treatment: The Mexican president acknowledged that every country had a “right” to protect its own border, and suggested that Mr. Trump wanted to move on from his antagonistic remarks of the past. “The Mexican people felt aggrieved by those comments,” Mr. Peña Nieto said. “But I am certain that he has a genuine interest in building a relationship that would lead us to provide better conditions to our people. ” Mr. Trump’s unexpected trip to Mexico was timed to steer attention from his significant shifts on immigration policy. He flew to Mexico just hours before he was scheduled to deliver a major speech on immigration after more than a week of mixed signals about his immigration views, which he said were “softening” and then “hardening” in the space of two days last week. On a more personal level, Mr. Trump also wanted to show undecided voters that he had the temperament and   of a statesman  —   qualities that many doubt he has  —   and also demonstrate that Americans did not need to worry every time he opened his mouth in a foreign country. He also hoped to show that he could acquit himself well on the world stage, something that is a clear strength of Mrs. Clinton, a former secretary of state, senator and first lady. Mrs. Clinton’s campaign has described Mr. Trump’s trip as a hollow gesture, but it was unclear whether Mrs. Clinton herself will deliver a more pointed critique of her opponent during his travels. Mr. Trump, who has little experience with foreign policy statecraft or news conferences with heads of state, made no obvious mistakes during his trip to Mexico, nor did he breach any protocol during his public appearance with Mr. Peña Nieto on a small stage at the presidential palace. As Mr. Peña Nieto made lengthy opening remarks in Spanish, Mr. Trump clasped his hands at times, and tapped them against his thighs as he nodded slightly at other points as he listened to a woman beside him translate the remarks into English. Mr. Peña Nieto came across as civil and stolid, defending the North American Free Trade Agreement  —   a frequent target of criticism by Mr. Trump  —   and noting that weak border security also allowed weapons and cash often to flow from the United States to Mexican gangs and drug cartels. But for the most part the president took a position of neutrality, neither chastising Mr. Trump nor indicating that he favored one American presidential candidate over another. Yet Mr. Trump, who is known for insisting that only he can fix America’s problems, also suggested that he wanted Mexico to be a partner on border security. “I really believe that the president and I will solve those problems,” Mr. Trump said. “We will get them solved. Illegal immigration is a problem for Mexico as well as for us. Drugs are a tremendous problem from Mexico as well as us. I mean it’s not a   street. ”",0
15050,Bono unveils album about being a woman,"Bono unveils album about being a woman 03-11-16 BONO has released an album about his struggles as a woman. After receiving a Women of the Year award from Glamour magazine, the U2 singer feels he is the best person to explain the challenges of being a vagina owner. Bono said: “Being a woman gives me insights men don’t have, like how it’s more expensive to get your hair cut and the soreness caused by having a baby come out of your fanny. “The new album, simply titled Woman , is about things like me getting shouted at by horny builders and sitting down to do a wee only to find there is wee on the toilet seat, as related in the protest song (There Is Wee) On The Toilet Seat . “We’ve got some hard-hitting songs like The River Runs Red , about those terrible period pains that make you curl up on the sofa watching Hollyoaks while eating a whole Swiss roll. “To experience the full oppression of women I’ve been getting Edge and the boys to criticise my reverse parking, even through I am a genius at driving.” However Glamour magazine editor Nikki Hollis said: “This is all a big misunderstanding, there was a mistake at the trophy factory and some of ours got mixed up with the Bellend of the Century Awards.” 
Share:",0
15051,Officials in U.S. and India Condemn Shooting of Sikh Man in Washington State - The New York Times,"NEW DELHI  —   American and Indian officials on Sunday swiftly condemned the shooting of a Sikh man in a suburb of Seattle, which followed by less than two weeks a similar episode in Kansas and amid a   crackdown on immigration. The man, 39, was in the driveway of his home in Kent, Wash. working on his car on Friday night when a white man, wearing a mask over the lower part of his face, confronted him and then shot him in the arm, The Seattle Times reported. The police have asked the F. B. I. and other law enforcement agencies for help finding the gunman, who the victim said told him to “go back to your own country. ” The victim was identified as Deep Rai, a United States citizen of Indian origin. India’s minister of external affairs, Sushma Swaraj, said she had spoken to the victim’s father, who said his son was “out of danger and recovering in a private hospital. ” The attack bore a troubling resemblance to the shooting on Feb. 22 of Srinivas Kuchibhotla and Alok Madasani, two immigrants from India who were shot by another patron in a Kansas bar. The suspect in that case, Adam W. Purinton, had confronted the two Indians over their visa status and had been escorted out of the bar, before returning and opening fire. Mr. Kuchibhotla died from his injuries. The episode was   news in India, which sends hundreds of thousands of legal immigrants to the United States each year, among them students and highly skilled workers. Since the Kansas shooting, many Indians have expressed concerns that racially motivated violence will rise in the coming years, as President Trump leads an effort to curtail legal immigration and deport illegal immigrants. The White House has denied that the violence is in any way connected with Mr. Trump’s policies. Immigration was a central focus of   talks last week in Washington, where India’s foreign secretary, Subrahmanyam Jaishankar, met with senior American foreign policy officials. Washington’s top envoy in India, MaryKay Loss Carlson, said she was “saddened by the shooting” in Washington State. “As @POTUS said, we condemn ‘hate and evil in all its forms,’” Ms. Carlson said in a Twitter post. The Sikh Coalition, a Sikh rights group based in New York, has urged the authorities in Washington State to investigate the shooting as a hate crime, and called on top officials in Washington to forcefully condemn such attacks. “Tone matters in our political discourse, because this is a matter of life or death for millions of Americans who are worried about losing loved ones to hate,” Rajdeep Singh, a Sikh Coalition leader, said in a statement to the Hindustan Times.",0
15052,Judges Find Wisconsin Redistricting Unfairly Favored Republicans - The New York Times,"A panel of three federal judges said on Monday that the Wisconsin Legislature’s 2011 redrawing of State Assembly districts to favor Republicans was an unconstitutional partisan gerrymander, the first such ruling in three decades of pitched legal battles over the issue. Federal courts have struck down gerrymanders on racial grounds, but not on grounds that they unfairly give advantage to a political party  —   the more common form of gerrymandering. The case could now go directly to the Supreme Court, where its fate may rest with a single justice, Anthony M. Kennedy, who has expressed a willingness to strike down partisan gerrymanders but has yet to accept a rationale for it. Should the court affirm the ruling, it could upend the next round of state redistricting, in 2021, for congressional and state elections nationwide, most of which is likely to be conducted by   legislatures that have swept into power in recent years. “It is a huge deal,” said Heather Gerken, a Yale Law School professor and an expert on election law. “For years, everyone has waited for the Supreme Court to do something on this front. Now one of the lower courts has   the debate. “If this were to be a nationwide standard, 2021 would look quite different,” she said, “especially for the Democrats. ” Several   scholars said the ruling was especially significant because it offered, for the first time, a clear mathematical formula for measuring partisanship in a district, something that had been missing in previous assaults on gerrymandering. The    ruling by the United States District Court for the Western District of Wisconsin said that the Legislature’s remapping violated both the First Amendment and the Equal Protection Clause of the 14th Amendment because it aimed to deprive Democratic voters of their right to be represented. “Although Wisconsin’s natural political geography plays some role in the apportionment process,” the court wrote, “it simply does not explain adequately the sizable disparate effect” of Republican gains in the State Assembly after the boundaries were redrawn. The judges who ruled in favor of the plaintiffs, Kenneth Ripple and Barbara Crabb, were nominated to the bench by Presidents Ronald Reagan and Jimmy Carter. Judge William Griesbach, nominated by President George W. Bush, dissented. The boundaries of both federal and state legislative districts are redrawn every 10 years after the census to ensure that each district contains roughly the same number of people, a standard the Supreme Court set with its     ruling in 1962. But both Republican and Democratic majorities in statehouses often remap districts to favor themselves, either by cramming opposition voters into a single district or by dividing them so they are the majority in fewer districts, tactics called “packing and cracking. ” Courts have generally agreed that some partisan advantage in redistricting is tolerable, in part because voters themselves are not spread equally across a state or district by party. But the plaintiffs in the case, 12 state Democrats represented by the Campaign Legal Center, had argued that the Wisconsin remapping was among the most sharply partisan in the nation. Their lawsuit said that in the 2012 elections for the Assembly, Wisconsin Republicans won 48. 6 percent of the   vote but took 61 percent of the Assembly’s 99 seats. A key question in Monday’s ruling, as in past challenges to redistricting, was whether that division was unacceptably partisan, a question that previous courts have stumbled over. “Nobody has come up with a standard to measure constitutionality  —   how to distinguish between malevolent, evil partisanship that’s manipulative, versus the natural advantage one party might have as a result of where voters happened to live,” said Edward Foley, the director of the Election Law Project at Ohio State University’s Moritz College of Law. In Monday’s ruling, the court was swayed by a new and simple mathematical formula to measure the extent of partisan gerrymandering, called the efficiency gap. The formula divides the difference between the two parties’ “wasted votes”  —   votes beyond those needed by a winning side, and votes cast by a losing side  —   by the total number of votes cast. When both parties waste the same number of votes, the result is zero  —   an ideal solution. But as a winning party wastes fewer and fewer votes than its opponent, its score rises. A truly efficient gerrymander spreads a winning party’s votes so evenly over districts that very few votes are wasted. A review of four decades of state redistricting plans concluded that any party with an efficiency gap of 7 percent or more was likely to keep its majority during the 10 years before new districts were drawn. In Wisconsin, experts testified, Republicans scored an efficiency gap rating of 11. 69 percent to 13 percent in the first election after the maps were redrawn in 2011. Some experts said the efficiency gap gives gerrymandering opponents their most promising chance yet to persuade a majority of the Supreme Court to limit partisan redistricting. “It does almost exactly what Justice Kennedy said he was looking for back in the ’80s, a clear threshold for deciding what is acceptable,” said Barry C. Burden, the director of the Elections Research Center at the University of  . Under procedural rules, cases like redistricting lawsuits that are heard by   panels in District Court are appealed directly to the Supreme Court, skipping the Federal Court of Appeals. But it remains unclear whether Wisconsin will file an appeal or accept the ruling and limit its impact to a single state. Were the Supreme Court to hear the case, the effect could be profound, regardless of the decision. Republicans have more than doubled their control of state legislatures since 2010, and with gains from this month’s election they now control both legislative chambers in a record 32 states  —   33 if Nebraska, which has a nominally nonpartisan, unicameral legislature, is included. Nicholas Stephanopoulos, a University of Chicago law professor and the lead lawyer for the plaintiffs, said on Monday that a number of state redistricting plans, including those in Virginia, North Carolina and Michigan, have efficiency gap scores rivaling those of Wisconsin.",0
15053,F.B.I. Treats Minnesota Mall Stabbing Attack as ‘Potential Act of Terrorism’ - The New York Times,"A report by a news agency linked to the Islamic State claimed on Sunday that a “soldier of the Islamic State” was behind a stabbing attack on Saturday night at a Minnesota shopping mall, an episode that the F. B. I. said it was investigating as a “potential act of terrorism. ” Nine people were injured in the attack before an   police officer fatally shot the   man, the authorities in St. Cloud said. The attacker, who was dressed in a security guard uniform, mentioned Allah and asked at least one victim if he was Muslim, the police said. All nine victims were expected to survive. The Islamic State on Sunday claimed responsibility for the episode, but it was unclear whether the attacker, whom the police have not identified, was in fact acting in the name of the terror group. The Amaq News Agency, which acts as the Islamic State’s newswire, released a bulletin saying the “executor of the stabbing attacks in #Minnesota yesterday was a soldier of the Islamic State. ” The terror group’s bulletin went on to say the attack was a response to the group’s call to “target citizens of countries belonging to the crusader coalition,” a term referring to the United   coalition carrying out airstrikes against the group. The language of the bulletin  —   down to the reference to the perpetrator as a soldier of the Islamic State  —   mirrors claims of responsibility the group issued for numerous attacks in recent weeks. This summer, a spokesman for the Islamic State, Abu Muhammad   advised his followers overseas to carry out jihad at home. He said that it was no longer necessary to join the group in Iraq and Syria, and that aspiring jihadists should instead use whatever means they had to kill. Chief William Blair Anderson of the St. Cloud police told reporters at the scene, “It has hit home for us,” adding, “But I want everybody in St. Cloud to know that we will be diligent and we will get to the bottom of this. ” “It’s an awful day, honestly,” Chief Anderson said. In a phone interview on Sunday morning, Mayor Dave Kleis said the mall, Crossroads Center, was an active crime scene and would remain closed. He praised the   police officer, who he said had “clearly saved lives and protected the other individuals. ” “This is exactly what keeps me up at night, and last night it did,” Mr. Kleis said. “This could happen in any community in this country, and certainly we have seen it happen. Certainly it is something that really scares a community. ” Later Sunday, Mr. Kleis identified the   officer as Jason Falconer, a police officer in nearby Avon, Minn. Mr. Kleis said video footage of the shooting, which has not been released publicly, showed Officer Falconer confronting the attacker in a Macy’s store and shooting him as he charged with a knife. “For me watching it, it looked like a training video for what law enforcement should do,” Mr. Kleis said. The mayor said the wounded included seven men, one woman and a teenage girl, all from the St. Cloud area. Mr. Kleis called the attack an “evil act, unjustifiable in any way. ” The disruption to a carefree night of shopping in central Minnesota occurred on the same day that 29 people in New York City were injured in an explosion and that an explosive device detonated near the route of a race in New Jersey. The authorities on Sunday night were becoming convinced that the New York and New Jersey episodes were connected, but have given no indication of a link to the stabbing in St. Cloud. Chief Anderson said officers had searched two local residences on Sunday in connection with the case. He said the police had had at least three prior interactions with the attacker, mostly for minor traffic violations. Richard Thornton, the special agent in charge for the F. B. I. in Minneapolis, said the agency was treating it as a potential terrorist act but was still investigating. “There’s a lot we don’t know,” Mr. Thornton said. “We do not at this point in time know whether the subject was in contact with, had connections with, was inspired by a foreign terrorist organization. ” Chief Anderson said the attack had started around 8 p. m. and played out at different sites within Crossroads Center, including multiple businesses and common areas. Mr. Kleis, who went to Crossroads Center after the attack, said that “there were a lot of people in that mall and clearly a lot of witnesses,” and that police interviews had stretched well into Sunday morning. Witnesses and local journalists spoke of a busy, crowded and confusing scene after the attack, as well as a swift police mobilization. “One guy was bleeding from the side of his face,” Sydney Weires, a college student who was inside the mall, told The St. Cloud Times. “He was screaming at us” to get out. Harley Exsted, another mall patron, told The St. Cloud Times, “All of a sudden I heard pop pop pop. ” “I thought someone tipped over a shelf,” he said. “All of a sudden these people started running. I just saw everybody running our way. ” St. Cloud, a city of about 67, 000 residents, is about an hour’s drive northwest of Minneapolis. “Starting tomorrow,” Chief Anderson said after the attack, “things won’t be the same here. ”",0
15054,"An N.F.L. Executive, Honoring His Lost Sister, Speaks Out About Anorexia - The New York Times","SAN FRANCISCO  —   Paraag Marathe’s structured, analytical mind has served him well in the offices of Silicon Valley and the National Football League. He figured that he could lean on those traits the first time he spoke publicly about his sister, Shilpa, and how anorexia had taken her life. But composure failed Marathe in 2011, six years after Shilpa’s death, while he spoke to survivors and grieving family members at an event for Andrea’s Voice, a nonprofit foundation that tries to promote education about eating disorders and their treatments. “Not only did I break down a little bit during that speech,” said Marathe, 39, the San Francisco 49ers’ chief strategy officer and executive vice president for football operations. “It was also one of those weird moments afterwards. I emotionally collapsed in the arms of somebody there who had lost her daughter. ” The memories were back. Marathe had watched his brilliant sister succumb to   thoughts and starve herself. He had seen Shilpa wither to less than 50 pounds in the last years of her life, had felt the shame and puzzlement that her condition brought to his family. Fueled by regret  —   why had he not noticed sooner, and why wasn’t he more assertive in trying to help Shilpa?  —   Marathe has found his voice. He will patiently tell you that 30 million Americans are believed to suffer from eating disorders, and that medical insurance plans rarely cover treatment of the condition. He will remind you that anorexia has the highest fatality rate among mental illnesses  —   about 10 percent, according to a 2011   published in Archives of General Psychiatry and cited by the National Institute of Mental Health.   caregivers and advocates welcome Marathe’s help in shattering the myth that anorexia afflicts only    white girls and women. The illness claims men, too, and frequently remains a taboo subject in less affluent or nonwhite families, said Kristina Saffran of Project HEAL, an organization that raises money to cover care from diagnosis to recovery. “He told me, ‘I’m your perfect spokesman: I’m a male, I’m a minority and I’m in football,’ ” Saffran said. Paraag and Shilpa grew up in Saratoga, Calif. a prosperous bedroom community southwest of San Jose. They were the children of successful Indian immigrants. Paraag, three years younger, was gregarious and smart, but drawn more to Wiffle ball and Nerf football than homework. Shilpa was bookish and introverted, a   student she hated sports. She also had compulsive idiosyncrasies. Shilpa insisted on eating her meals at the same time every day, her brother said. After dinner each night she would walk around the house for half an hour listening to her Sony Walkman. Marathe said he thinks now that Shilpa was showing signs of mental illness as far back as junior high school. At the time, just a child himself, he dismissed the signs as typical of his “weird sister. ” By the time Shilpa graduated from law school at U. C. L. A. (magna cum laude, of course) she was down to 55 pounds, Marathe said. He remembers that firms eagerly invited her for job interviews after reading the incisive legal papers she wrote, but no one would hire her after seeing her in person. Shilpa spent her final 10 years living with her parents. She died at 31 in March 2005. It took Marathe years to emerge from a cocoon of secrecy. He had friends who never met Shilpa. That included his wife, Jennifer, who Marathe said became his best friend when they were at the University of California, Berkeley. In retrospect, he sees his own vanity. “I was a kid,” Marathe said. “I was in my early 20s, and I used to convince myself that I was just a protective little brother when I saw other people looking at my sister the way they did. When in reality, the truth was that I was embarrassed by being seen with her. So I could never take her to a coffee shop or a movie. I used to be jealous of my cousins who would be able to do that. ” Marathe is now on the board of directors for Andrea’s Voice, and he has supported other similar organizations in Northern California, like the Eating Disorder Resource Center and the Monterey Institute of Mental Health. But there is one place where Marathe has not dared to tread. He still has not found a way to discuss Shilpa’s deterioration in any detail with their parents, or invited them to hear him speak about it. He recognizes deep sacrifices they made for Shilpa: Their father quit his job as an engineer at   to help care for her and carried her to bed when she became too weak to climb the stairs. His mother changed Shilpa’s diapers and dutifully steamed broccoli for her. The family spent huge sums of money on her treatment, including what Marathe estimates were 30 trips to the emergency room or intensive care unit and, later, hospice care. Through all of that, he said, he never heard his parents talk openly about what was happening to their family. And he hasn’t figured out how to break the silence. “Immigrant families are particularly susceptible, because of the whole Tiger Mother, Tiger Father concept,” Marathe said. “You don’t talk about your feelings. There’s no such thing as mental illness. You don’t want to bring shame on the family by being put in an inpatient facility. ” Marathe hopes to talk with his parents soon, so he can share his growing understanding of Shilpa’s illness. What he has learned, as well as the help he tries to offer, brings him some comfort. Marathe’s 16th year with the 49ers has been bumpy. He lost the title of team president in February. The organization called it a restructuring, but it was largely reported as a demotion for Marathe. The 49ers have been dreadful on the field, and the fan base has grown rebellious with management. Coming to terms with his sister’s death, however, has kept professional disappointment in perspective. He and his wife have a young daughter, Juniper. A few months ago, just before her first birthday, Juniper was standing on her own and clearly ready to walk. But she couldn’t muster the courage to take that first step. As he watched her, something clicked for Marathe. “I want to do everything I can to help her develop   or ” he said. “My sister didn’t have that. She felt worthless. ” Marathe knows that his words alone won’t erase the despair of anorexia. But they’re a powerful first step.",0
15055,‘Game of Thrones’ Season 6 Premiere: Picking Up the Jagged Pieces - The New York Times,"Our top story tonight: Lord Commander Jon Snow is still dead. Has it really been nine months since we saw him last, taking the final, cruelest blow from young Olly and collapsing onto the ground, blood pooling behind him? It seems like he never left, what with the various rumors and sightings, reports about haircuts and breathless dispatches about Kit Harington’s romance with the equally dead, in “Thrones” terms, Rose Leslie. But there he was on Sunday, stone dead and stiffening as Ghost howled in despair. And he only got stiffer as the hour progressed, while Davos pondered his next moves with a few loyalists and the mutineers went public with their treachery. Even the Red Woman, everyone’s favorite candidate for resurrecting Snow, could only stand there dumbfounded by the turn of events. “I saw him in the flames fighting at Winterfell,” she said. “I can’t speak for the flames,” Davos said. “But he’s gone. ” Now, will he stay that way for long? Probably not. As I noted in a season preview, the show will have to resolve this thing one way or the other pretty soon or it will risk overshadowing the rest of the story  —   ask the “Walking Dead” folks about viewers’ general patience with narrative shenanigans these days. But for one week, at least, the dude was dead, just like everyone said. [ Subscribe to our Watching newsletter for expert movie and TV recommendations. ] The Snow thing was one of about 13, 000 subplots (a rough estimate) that got serviced in the season premiere, a terrifically busy episode that at times, with its quick glimpses of exposition and rapid cutting from scene to scene to scene, reminded me a bit of the old “Batman” show. Here’s two minutes in Meereen  —   CUT  —   here’s Cersei and Jaime  —   CUT  —   poor Blind Arya  —   CUT  —   Sansa in the snow  —   CUT  —   Sand Snakes!  —   et cetera. Story density is a key component of “Game of Thrones,” of course, the breadth and depth of its world is part of what makes the show so transportive. But it can make for frenetic viewing in these early   episodes. That said, the scenes at Castle Black had plenty of room to breathe and others, like Sansa’s rescue and Ellaria Sand’s power grab in Dorne, packed plenty of thrills into tight spaces. Also, you go into “Thrones” premieres knowing they’re about picking up the pieces from the previous season, and this year the shards are especially jagged. Cersei, former   has had everything ripped away, to the point that she can’t even get mad at Jaime about the hash he made of the Myrcella rescue effort. The witch told me I’d have three children and they’d all die, she said. “Everything she said came true, you couldn’t have stopped it. ” (What’s that, Tommen? Oh nothing. Never you mind   …    ) Cersei’s old nemesis Margaery, meanwhile, is still in the hoosegow, taking her own turn with the Nurse Ratched of TV nuns. “Septa Unella can be overzealous at times,” the High   said. Gee, ya think? Over in Essos, Daenerys Targaryen has to be wondering if you can really call yourself the Mother of Dragons if your dragons like to abandon you in random fields. She’s now a prisoner of her new Dothraki friends, and they are classy. Khaleesi spent the early moments enduring two charming lads who made all sorts of offensive remarks and speculations. The confab with the Khal continued along the same trajectory until Khaleesi had finally had enough. I’m the former wife of Khal Drogo, she said. I burned his body and everything. Oh, well that changes things, Khal Moro said, to Khaleesi’s satisfaction, but then he threw her a curveball. The best place for you is the widow temple, she was told, which I’m guessing is just as delightful as it sounds. I still think we should cut off her head, Moro’s wife muttered, probably. Even Ramsay, the sociopathic monster we’ve come to know and loathe, showed a bit of what almost seemed like actual human emotion and heartbreak. He mourned Myranda, tossed to her death by Theon last season, recalling how only she wasn’t afraid of him back when he was a young bastard and she a simple kennel master’s daughter. “She smelled of dog,” he reminisced fondly. (Awww. Also, Ramsay’s apparently been terrible forever.) He composed himself in time to make plans for the funeral. Coffin or pyre? someone asked. Try the dog dish. Finally, there was the aforementioned alluring Red Woman of the episode title, who in the startling concluding moments was revealed to actually be an Old Gray Mare. “You haven’t seen her do what I’ve seen her do,” Davos had told his compatriots earlier. My friend, you haven’t seen the half of it. At first I thought perhaps it was the omnipresent intricate choker that conferred her lustrous youth and beauty, but photographic evidence suggests she’s removed it before without such dramatic consequences. There was a   on the vial on her dressing table so perhaps her beauty secret is contained therein. Whatever it is, the transformation made for a graphic illustration of the fall she, too, has taken. We saw last year what her ghastly strategic advice brought Stannis (R. I. P. Shireen) and now all of her plans for Jon Snow, glimpsed in the flames, have apparently gone up in smoke. There’s nothing left for this once vivacious, insidiously confident force but to crawl miserably into bed like the feeble old woman she really is. Indeed, it’s perhaps wishful thinking but there were signs that the arc of “Thrones” history, mostly distinguished thus far by cruelty, might be starting to bend toward decency, or at least tipping away from the sinister interests that have dominated things lately. In addition to Melisandre’s crisis of faith, there is the terrible Ramsay’s inheritance crisis, after his reprehensible “games” drove away the one thing that could have solidified his place in his family and his family’s place in the North. I’m talking about Sansa Stark, of course, whose escape and rescue by Brienne infused the narrative with more hope than has any other single scene I can recall. [ Interview: Maisie Williams on the Season 6 premiere ] Theon led Sansa away from Winterfell with great drive and courage, and continued to suggest Reek may be receding. (Some aspects of the old Theon are never coming back, of course, but maybe he can fill the void with volunteering or something.) He went on to sacrifice himself before Ramsay’s hounds and men. “I can’t wait to see what part Ramsay cuts off you this time,” a henchman muttered with glee. Well, I can’t wait to see warrior maiden slice you up like a ham,  . And so it went, when Brienne arrived with a notably   Podrick to save the day, for once. I’ve bagged on Brienne for awhile now over her general failure to fulfill her oath to protect the Stark girls. So credit where it’s due: Nice job, Brienne! Score one for dogged persistence. The lesson is that Brienne gets it done, it just takes longer than most of us would like. After all, she killed Stannis in last year’s finale and she’d only been after him since his smokebaby killed Renly in Season 2. So I should probably stop projecting my   impatience onto her. Finally, there was the emergence of Sansa, who you’ll recall seemed ready to take charge of her destiny around this time last year before the whole Ramsay nightmare intervened. Whatever your thoughts about the brutalities she endured and how they were presented, they no doubt hardened her. And when she accepted Brienne’s vow of loyalty and affirmed hers as well, it felt like a symbolic assumption of command of her shattered family. Starting with the death of Ned Stark and certainly since the Red Wedding, this story has been   with villainy. Sansa’s union with Brienne felt like it could be a first step toward restoring some balance between wicked strivers and nobler interests. Of course, we’ve seen something like this before: One of the most triumphant moments in the show was when Dany took off on Drogon, and look what that got her. There are still zombies out there somewhere, too. But just give me this for one week, O. K.? When it comes to “Game of Thrones,” I’ll take whatever hope I can get. • Someone’s burning boats in Meereen. Maybe one day Tyrion and Varys can make me care about Meereen. There is apparently a mysterious figure orchestrating the Harpy insurrection, though, which could get interesting. The   joke was pretty broad but still enjoyable. (Name me another show about which you can read a phrase like “the   joke” and not bat an eye.) • On the other hand, get a load of the action in Dorne! There was more excitement there in three minutes than there was in all of Season 5. An underrated aspect of this show is the way seemingly minor characters evolve into major players. Ellaria Sand seemed like little more than a lascivious sidekick when she arrived with Oberyn in Season 4, but there she was on Sunday staging a coup, inaugurating a new   men era of Dornish leadership. • Poor Trystane. He and Myrcella always seemed too delicate for this savage world, but that thing went bad in a hurry, and more graphically than I would have guessed. Obara the Sand Snake dispatched him with the sort of protruding Pinocchio skewer that’s become a signature finishing move on “Game of Thrones. ” (See also, the rotten Karl Tanner in Season 4.) • Blind in Braavos seems like no kind of fun, and that’s before a girl starts beating you with a stick. “See you tomorrow,” the Waif told Arya, in what might have been the most chilling line of the night. • Forget everyone who isn’t us, Jaime told Cersei (more or less). Is it wrong that I found their reunion sort of touching? Also, should we be preparing for a more sympathetic Cersei this season? “From her first breath she was so sweet. I don’t know where she came from,” she said about Myrcella. “I thought if I could make something so good, so pure, maybe I’m not a monster. ” • The weight of betraying Jon Snow really aged young Olly, huh? • Over all pretty good, right? I’m intrigued by how Cersei and Melisandre are going to put themselves back together, and by Sansa’s continuing emergence. Clearly Davos isn’t going to   it south, as Ser Alliser advised, but how do you think that whole thing’s going to shake out? Are you still invested in it either way? Please fire away in the comments.",0
15056,"GOP Sen Cotton: If Dems Filibuster, ’Republicans Will Do What We Must’ to Confirm Gorsuch - Breitbart","On Tuesday’s “Hugh Hewitt Show,” Senator Tom Cotton ( ) predicted that Judge Neil Gorsuch will be confirmed to the Supreme Court before the Senate breaks at the end of next week, and if there is a filibuster “Republicans will do what we must to put Neil Gorsuch on the Supreme Court. ”  Cotton said, “Gorsuch will be confirmed to the Supreme Court. And I suspect he’ll be confirmed before we break at the end of next week to spend the Easter period in our states with our constituents. ” He added that he hasn’t given up hope that at least eight Democrats will support Gorsuch’s nomination, but if the Democrats filibuster Gorsuch, “I believe the House  —   or the Senate Republicans will do what we must to put Neil Gorsuch on the Supreme Court. ” Follow Ian Hanchett on Twitter @IanHanchett",0
15057,What DNC Donors REALLY think of African Americans,"This Video is REALLY Disturbing... 
Not just to African Americans but to Americans in General... 
Many of The DNC Policies that pertain to African Americans are deeply insulting and condescending in implication. 
Voter ID Laws are not restrictive to The average African American but are portrayed as impediments to them because of the Intellectual Entitlement Mentality of The Democratic Nation Party. 
The Racism Game is a cover for manipulation of both minorities and the majority... 
Divide and Conquer... 
They Divide the Voting Block... 
To Conquer The Election.",0
15058,Five Clinton-Russia Bombshells Progressives Yawned Over,"Given the establishment media’s focus on the “scandal” surrounding President Donald Trump and his administration’s contact with Russian officials, it is worth reminding Americans of the revelations involving Hillary Clinton and the Kremlin. [1. Hillary Clinton approved the transfer of 20 percent of U. S. uranium to Russia and nine investors in the deal funneled $145 million to the Clinton Foundation.  While Hillary Clinton’s State Department was one of eight agencies to review and sign off on the transfer of 20 percent of U. S. uranium to Russia  —     of State Clinton herself was the only agency head whose family foundation received $145 million in donations from multiple people connected to the uranium deal, as reported by the New York Times. 2. Bill Clinton bagged $500, 000 for a Moscow speech paid for by a   bank while Hillary Clinton was Secretary of State. Former President Bill Clinton delivered a speech in Moscow and received a $500, 000 speaking fee from a Russian   bank, while his wife’s State Department was getting ready to sign off on the transfer of 20 percent of U. S. uranium to Russia. “And, in one case, a Russian investment bank connected to the deals paid money to Bill Clinton personally, through a    speaker’s fee,” reported the New Yorker. 3. Hillary Clinton’s campaign chairman’s Joule energy company bagged $35 million from Putin’s Rusnano. Hillary Clinton’s campaign chairman John Podesta sat on the executive board of an energy company, Joule Unlimited, which received millions from a   Russian government fund. Podesta also owned “75, 000 common shares” in Joule Unlimited, which he had transferred to a holding company called Leonidio LLC. Podesta also failed to fully disclose his position on Joule Unlimited’s board of directors and include it in his federal financial disclosures, as required by law, before he became President Obama’s senior adviser in January 2014. 4.  Clinton Foundation chatter with State Dept. on Uranium Deal with Russia. Senior staffers inside Hillary Clinton’s presidential campaign were warned by Clinton Foundation senior vice president Maura Pally that the chairman of the Senate Judiciary Committee, Sen. Charles Grassley ( ) was asking the Department of Justice to investigate the State Department approval of the sale of American uranium assets to a Russian company. The chain of emails proved the regular interaction between members of the Clinton campaign and senior staff at the Clinton Foundation. 5. Hillary Clinton hid $2. 35 million in secret donations from Ian Telfer, the head of Russia’s uranium company. Ian Telfer, the head of the Russian government’s uranium company, Uranium One, made four foreign donations totaling $2. 35 million to the Clinton Foundation, as the New York Times reported. “Uranium One’s chairman used his family foundation to make four donations totaling $2. 35 million,” the Times reported. “Those contributions were not publicly disclosed by the Clintons, despite an agreement Mrs. Clinton had struck with the Obama White House to publicly identify all donors. Other people with ties to the company made donations as well. ” Follow Jerome Hudson on Twitter @jeromeehudson.",0
15059,POLITICO: Kushner Clashing with Bannon over ‘Desire to Deconstruct the Government’,"Politico reports on internal clashes within the Trump administration between Trump    Jared Kushner and chief strategist Steve Bannon. [From Politico:  In recent weeks, Jared Kushner, Trump’s    and senior adviser, has asked searching questions  —   sometimes for hours  —   of inside and outside advisers about the White House’s performance and complained about Bannon in particular, according to people who have spoken with Kushner. Kushner, a onetime New York Democrat, and Bannon, a   nationalist, have clashed as Kushner has told people that Bannon’s desire to deconstruct the government, is hurting the president. One person familiar with Kushner’s thinking says Kushner believes Bannon is more of a problem than Reince Priebus, the chief of staff. “Big fight is between nationalists and the ‘West Wing Democrats,” one senior administration official said. Read the rest here. ",0
15060,Resolution of Jacob Wetterling Case Also Closes Chapter for a Reporter - The New York Times,"ST. JOSEPH, Minn.  —   White ribbons flutter along a grade school’s fence here in memory of Jacob E. Wetterling, whose remains were found this month nearly 27 years after he was abducted on a country road. A fresh vase of flowers sits at the spot on the road, silent but for crickets and the whoosh of wind through rows of corn, where Jacob was grabbed so many years ago. And though it is the middle of the day, at the house where Jacob lived, the porch light still is on, just as it has been over a matter of decades  —   here and at homes across Minnesota  —   to guide him home. The disappearance of Jacob in 1989 shattered this city of fewer than 7, 000 people, as well as so many other tiny central Minnesota towns in a region of farm fields and ranch homes. “It changed a lot,” Lee Meyer, 94, said. A generation of parents suddenly kept their children close, and a generation of children learned to worry. “To tell the truth,” said Robert Devore, 42, who was in his teens when Jacob vanished, “I’m still looking over my shoulder to this day. ” Long before an age of Amber Alerts and elaborate tracking of sex offenders, Jacob’s case opened a new conversation in Minnesota about child sexual abuse and abduction. His story helped lead to a significant national policy change: Jacob’s name was on the first federal law in 1994 that required states to keep registries of convicted sex offenders. And, over all the years, the hope here for Jacob’s return never seemed to fade, in large part because of the work of his mother, Patty, who has become one of the nation’s prominent advocates on behalf of missing and exploited children. As a reporter covering the Midwest for more than a decade, I have focused at times on shifting policies regarding sexual predators  —   from local bans on where they can live to controversial programs in which states hold offenders, even after they complete criminal sentences, and the legal challenges that have followed. And I have long followed Jacob’s case, and often thought of the grinning boy in the yellow sweater in a frequently reprinted photo as the real stakes in any policy debate. As a parent, I could never shake the impossibly painful details of the case: a masked, armed man had grabbed Jacob, 11, and his best friend and his brother before ordering the friend and brother to run into the darkness and never look back. I watched as Patty Wetterling created a foundation with her husband, Jerry, dedicated to helping other missing children and preventing abuse served on the board of the National Center for Missing and Exploited Children expressed nuanced views on offender registries and ran for the House of Representatives twice  —   even as she waited, with Midwestern resoluteness, for Jacob. But now it seems the answers were close by all along. Jacob was buried in a farm field in this very county, kidnapped and killed not by someone who had crossed state lines or vanished into the anonymity of some faraway locale, but by Danny Heinrich, who lived about 30 miles away and had first been interviewed by investigators about the case, court records show, within weeks of Jacob’s disappearance. This month Mr. Heinrich, 53, admitted assaulting and killing Jacob Wetterling on the night he kidnapped him, in October 1989. He had also been investigated months before Jacob’s disappearance in a similar sexual attack on a boy in a nearby town amid a rash of earlier assaults on young boys in Paynesville, another town near St. Joseph. When Mr. Heinrich was questioned not long after Jacob’s disappearance, he denied it all, court documents show, and was not charged. The allegations left this city reeling. “I have boys around that same age  —   13, 11 and 8  —   and what’s happened to Jacob just makes you cry,” said Tracy Omann Smith, who owns the local flower shop, where a sign last week read, “Jacob Let Your Light Shine Bright. ” “You have to understand, the family had left everything as it was,” she said. “They never moved from the house, never changed their phone number. They really believed he was coming back, and maybe we all did. ” On Oct. 22, 1989, Jacob and the two other boys were confronted by a man on a darkened road as they rode their bikes back from a convenience store, where they had picked out a movie. The attacker ordered them into a ditch, asked the boys their ages, then sent two of them scrambling off into the woods and threatened to shoot them if they looked back. He handcuffed Jacob and drove him to a pit near Paynesville, where he attacked him, then shot him. After Mr. Heinrich’s confession in court this month, an emotional Ms. Wetterling thanked law enforcement officials. She also praised a local blogger and another assault victim of Mr. Heinrich’s, for “stirring this pot” the last few years until the truth came out. Then she said her family was not yet ready to speak publicly about the case. “For us Jacob was alive until we found him,” Ms. Wetterling said. “We need to heal. ” In an unusual plea agreement, Mr. Heinrich agreed to admit to the killing and directed the authorities to Jacob’s remains, buried in a shallow grave in a pasture. But he will not be charged in the killing or the earlier assault on the victim who survived. He pleaded guilty to a federal pornography count, and is expected to serve 20 years in prison. The authorities have raised the possibility that he could be held beyond that, under civil commitment procedures aimed at the most dangerous sex offenders. He told a hushed courtroom what Jacob had asked that night: “What did I do wrong?” Some here say they have grown skeptical about police work on the case, given the years it took to solve it, the early questioning of Mr. Heinrich that did not result in charges, and the unsolved assaults of young boys in nearby towns over several years before Jacob’s abduction. A new investigative podcast series by American Public Media, “In the Dark,” is examining law enforcement’s handling of the case. At least eight cases involving boys who were groped or attacked occurred from 1986 to 1988 in tiny Paynesville, where Mr. Heinrich lived at that time, court documents show. The descriptions of the attacker often sounded similar: a husky, short man with a mask and a raspy voice. At points, the local authorities said Mr. Heinrich should be considered a suspect in those cases, though he was never charged. Jacob’s was a case that drew enormous law enforcement resources to this city. National Guard members were dispatched. Rewards were offered. Thousands of tips poured in. Would Sheriff John L. Sanner of Stearns County do anything differently in the investigation given everything? “My response has always been the same,” Sheriff Sanner said. “Our energy needs to stay focused on what we can control and not wasted on things we have no control over. ” Much has changed since Jacob Wetterling vanished  —   from DNA technology to an internet revolution that allows people to know almost instantly when a child disappears, but that also gives predators new ways to reach children without even stepping outdoors. But in a way, this small city has stood still, waiting, like the lights outside the Wetterlings’ home. Trina Faber, 45, a manager at Bo Diddley’s sandwich shop, grew up around here. Patty Wetterling sometimes comes in for sandwiches. And Jerry Wetterling, the local chiropractor, whose office remains just down the street, has treated Ms. Faber’s back from time to time. So when she heard that Jacob’s remains had at last been found, she burst into tears. “There has been so much to it for so long,” she said. “In a way I was relieved. He was in peace. But it also meant it was the end. ”",0
15061,Artist Charged With Trespassing in ‘Hollyweed’ Sign Prank - The New York Times,"A man who admitted changing the Hollywood sign to “Hollyweed” has turned himself in to the authorities. Zachary Cole Fernandez, a    artist, surrendered on Monday with his lawyer at his side, according to the Los Angeles Police Department. He was booked on a misdemeanor trespassing charge and released on bail. The sign was changed about 3 a. m. on Jan. 1, when two O’s were partly obscured by sheets and turned into E’s. It remained that way throughout the morning before the sign was restored. In a phone interview, Mr. Fernandez said he considered the results more of an art installation than a prank. “Yeah, I broke the rules, but I broke it with good spirit and good intentions,” he said on Tuesday. “It was just to bring light and positivity and happiness. ” But David Ryu, a Los Angeles councilman, remained unamused. “Pranks of this nature deplete the resources of our valuable public safety personnel, in both responding to the prank and in responding to the increased crowds and copycat attempts that these incidents generate,” he said in a statement on Monday. “My office has urged the city attorney and L. A. P. D. to investigate and prosecute this case, as well as all attempts to trespass near, alter, or vandalize the sign. ” Mr. Fernandez is expected to appear in court on Feb. 15. He said he had been inspired by a similar alteration in 1976, and that he had used clamps and sheets so as not to damage the sign. “I don’t want to destroy anything,” he said. “I’m about peace and love and respect and integrity and a lot of things that in some ways are missing these days. I wanted to show there’s a light in the world. ” A father of four children ranging in age from 3 to 9, Mr. Fernandez said he had been told he could face up to six months in jail. He said he saw that as excessive for a “harmless” art project, but would accept any consequences. “I’m a person of integrity,” he said. “If I do something wrong, I will own up to it. ”",0
15062,Looks like someone is trying to summon a janitor,Next Prev Swipe left/right Looks like someone is trying to summon a janitor OGnobody54 on Reddit spotted an unusual configuration of wet floor warnings that lead them to suspect supernatural goings on.,0
15063,"CLINTON, COMEY AND THE E-MAIL SCANDAL: IS THERE A REBELLION AT THE FBI?","Home › POLITICS › CLINTON, COMEY AND THE E-MAIL SCANDAL: IS THERE A REBELLION AT THE FBI? CLINTON, COMEY AND THE E-MAIL SCANDAL: IS THERE A REBELLION AT THE FBI? 0 SHARES 
[10/31/16] The Clintons are a “crime family” and Hillary a “pathological liar,” said former assistant FBI director James Kallstrom during an interview Sunday. And it appears his belief is shared by current rank-and-file FBI agents, as a rebellion has apparently been brewing within the bureau. 
The latest shocking news on this front is that despite a plea deal to destroy laptops (evidence) belonging to Clinton associates, those devices were not destroyed and are still in the possession of the FBI. As the Daily Caller reports : 
Washington D.C. attorney Joe DiGenova said on The David Webb Show on SiriusXM Friday night that despite the FBI agreeing to destroy the laptops of Clinton aide Cheryl Mills and ex-campaign staffer Heather Samuelson as part of immunity deals made during the initial investigation of Clinton’s email server, agents involved in the case refused to destroy the laptops. 
“According to the agreement reached with the attorneys who handed over their laptops, the laptops were to be destroyed per the agreement after the testimony was given — the interviews were given — by the attorneys. The bureau and the department agreed to that,” DiGenova said. “However the laptops contrary to published reports were not destroyed and the reason is the agents who are tasked with destroying them refused to do so. And by the way the laptops are at the FBI for inspection by Congress or federal courts.” 
DiGenova said the laptops have already been subpoenaed and the FBI is waiting for Congress to ask for them. 
As to this report’s credibility, American Thinker’s Thomas Lifson notes that “DiGenova, a former US Attorney and Washington, DC superlawyer is no flake. He has plenty of contacts within the FBI and a reputation to protect. So I take his words on Sirius/XM’s David Webb show quite seriously.” 
Ever since FBI director James Comey (shown above) shook the political world Friday by announcing that the bureau was reopening the investigation into Clinton’s illegal use of a private e-mail server, theories as to why he’s acting now have proliferated. After all, since consensus was that Comey was covering for the Democrats at the Obama administration’s behest, no one expected a revisiting of Clinton’s criminality just over a week before the election. 
Of course, given that tens of thousands of e-mails — some apparently Clinton related — were recovered from ex-congressman Anthony Wiener’s laptop during an investigation into his having sent illicit text messages to a 15-year-old girl, the most obvious explanation is that of Watergate journalist Carl Bernstein , that whatever was found is “a real bombshell.” As Thomas Lifson wrote in “3 competing theories on why the FBI re-opened the Hillary email server investigation,” “It is possible that something so dramatic came up in the pertinent emails that postponing a public reaction by not announcing the reopening of the investigation would, [sic] be regarded as political interference by covering up a smoking gun until after the election. In this scenario, Comey is assuming the evidence cannot be suppressed, and that he would be held accountable after it comes out. This scenario also indicates that we could be headed for a constitutional crisis, involving the possible indictment of a president-elect before an election. Or the evidence being turned over to the House of Representatives for impeachment hearings.” 
The second theory Lifson outlined was one put forth by radio host Rush Limbaugh. As Lifson wrote, “By announcing an FBI Investigation resuming, Comey is putting a lid on further attention to Wikileaks. I guess this means that Clinton forces will argue we must wait for the investigation to be complete (after the election) before speaking about what the evil Russians are planting into our politics.” 
Lastly, Lifson wrote that Comey “might be seeking to restore his badly damaged reputation, recognizing that the damage he has inflicted on the FBI is substantial. Three days ago, American Thinker published an open letter from a retired FBI agent, Hugh Galyean, that laid out some of the damage Comey has inflicted on the institution he leads. There is little doubt that this reached many in the FBI family, putting in print what people have only whispered about. If those silenced voices start speaking out, Comey could face a serious loss of face. In this scenario, he is heading off a staff rebellion, possibly including mass resignations.” 
This last theory is lent great credence by the news that the plea-deal laptops were never destroyed. If that story is true, it reflects a rebellion more serious than most anyone had imagined — with agents defying a direct order . This also adds weight to a related theory: that agents are so disgruntled that not only could some “resign and reveal,” but that active personnel could actually leak the truth to the media. If this is the case, Comey might be trying to get out ahead of such a development. Post navigation",0
15064,Trial to Begin in Standoff at Oregon Wildlife Refuge - The New York Times,"PORTLAND, Ore.  —   The trial of Ammon Bundy, his brother Ryan and five of their followers, antigovernment protesters charged in the armed takeover of a national wildlife refuge this year, will begin here on Tuesday in a federal court. The takeover, at a remote eastern Oregon reserve, began Jan. 2 and lasted nearly six weeks, starting a national debate about homegrown   militias, public lands and constitutional rights. The defendants face conspiracy, weapons and theft charges. In all, 26 people have been indicted. One protester was shot and killed by the state police during the occupation. On Jan. 2, a small group of members of a   militia group adopting the name Citizens for Constitutional Freedom  —   the number grew as the occupation wore on  —   seized control of administration buildings at the Malheur National Wildlife Refuge, about 30 miles southeast of Burns, in Harney County, a sparsely populated area in the high desert of eastern Oregon. In daily briefings with reporters, Ammon Bundy said the group had acted against what he called unconstitutional federal land management policies that infringed on the rights of citizens. His softly spoken statements echoed terms of a simpler, earlier America, where individual effort on the land counted for all, and government’s business was to stay out of the way. But guns, on hips and in the arms of lookouts, were  . As they were en route to a community meeting on Jan. 26, where they hoped to persuade local ranchers to join their cause, Mr. Bundy and seven others were arrested in a traffic stop about 40 miles from the refuge. The arrests spiraled into bloodshed when a member of the group, LaVoy Finicum, 54, raced his truck toward a police roadblock. After his vehicle went off the road, Mr. Finicum got out and was shot and killed by Oregon State Police officers as he appeared to reach for a weapon. The last four holdouts at the refuge surrendered peacefully two weeks later. A grand jury indicted 26 members of the group on various charges, including conspiracy to impede federal employees from performance of their duties, which is punishable by up to six years in prison, as well as weapons charges and theft of government property. Eleven defendants have reached a plea deal with prosecutors charges were dropped against one defendant this month. The trial of seven other defendants is scheduled for February. In Oregon, as in many Western states, most of the land is owned by the federal government  —   a fact that has rankled conservative politicians and protesters like the Bundys for many years. Efforts to wrest land back into private ownership or state control have simmered in state capitols in the Rocky Mountain region for years, fueling resentment even as they have foundered. At the Malheur refuge, a dispute between federal officials and a local ranching family  —   Dwight L. Hammond and his son Steven D. Hammond  —   became a catalyst for the militants. But a long decline in the area’s economic health, mainly driven by a collapse of the timber industry, compounded local frustrations. Cliven Bundy, Ammon and Ryan’s father, led the family into confrontation in an armed standoff in 2014 against federal officials over illegal cattle grazing on public land in Nevada. The elder Mr. Bundy has for many years refused to obtain permits to graze his cattle on public land. When federal officials said they would confiscate the cattle, an armed standoff ensued. Cliven Bundy was arrested and indicted this year for his role in that episode, as were Ammon, Ryan and two other men who were also at the Malheur takeover. That case is proceeding separately in Nevada, with a trial scheduled for February.",0
15065,"GERMANY: “We are Somali Muslims, we don’t have to pay”","GERMANY: “We are Somali Muslims, we don’t have to pay” In Wabern, Hesse, a group of five Somali Muslim freeloaders sat down and had drinks at the “Piano” pub. The group was there for the first time and Albayrak [the owner] didn’t know them. They drank “eight beers, two vodkas” and put everything on a tab. When Albayrak want to collect payment, there was anger. “We are Somalis, we don’t pay.” Source Two of the savages stood up and went out. Albayrak banned the other three from the establishment and threw them out. “They were very aggressive, they were upset,” says Albayrak. The pub owner then shut the door. Suddenly, the owner heard a noise from outside. There was a “boom, boom” sound. Albayrak looked out and saw two of the Somali Muslim thugs with iron rods beating on the pub door, shattering the glass. “I was afraid they were going to kill me,” says the 58-year-old. He called the police but they didn’t arrive for a half hour, and by then, the savages were already gone.",0
15066,Deal with Devil? Red Cross seeks talks with ISIS to help civilians in Mosul fighting,"17 mins ago 0 Views 0 Comments 0 Likes Drone footage shows the devastation caused by twin earthquakes that rocked Borgo Sant'Antonio, near Visso, which left buildings reduced to rubble or partially collapsed. Central Italy was struck twice in quick succession the previous day, with the first tremor hitting it at around 19:11 local time (17:11 GMT). The quake measured 5.5 on the Richter scale and could be felt as far as Rome some 240 km (149 miles). Shortly after a second quake of 6.1-magnitude, struck at around 21:18 local time (19:18 GMT). Buildings were shaking, some parts even caving in, and residents fled into the street to save themselves. Several dozen people have been treated across the region for light injuries, while four are said to have been seriously hurt. COURTESY: RT's RUPTLY video agency, NO RE-UPLOAD, NO REUSE - FOR LICENSING, PLEASE, CONTACT http://ruptly.tv   Subscribe   Like     Leave a Reply Login with your Social ID Your email address will not be published. Name",0
15067,"Mick Mulvaney: Government Shutdown ’Good’ If It ’Fixes Washington, DC, Permanently’ - Breitbart","WASHINGTON, D. C.  —   Office of Management and Budget Director Mick Mulvaney told the White House Press Corps that while a government shutdown is “not desirable” it could become a reality come September if the appropriations process is not repaired. [Mulvaney also said a government shutdown could be “good” if it “fixes Washington, D. C. permanently. ”  President Trump tweeted out on Tuesday, “either elect more Republican Senators in 2010 or change the rules now to 51%. Our country needs a good “shutdown” in September to fix mess!” either elect more Republican Senators in 2018 or change the rules now to 51%. Our country needs a good ”shutdown” in September to fix mess!  —   Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) May 2, 2017,  Asked to respond to President Trump’s tweet about how a shutdown is “good,” Mulvaney said, “It’s not desirable   …     But you asked me what a good one would look like, and a good one would be something that fixes Washington, D. C. permanently. ” Mulvaney said the reason there is a discussion about a shutdown every few months “is because the appropriations process is broken. ” He said the “the way it’s supposed to work, and it used to work” is when the House passes an appropriations bill on a topic, the Senate then passes a bill on the same issue, before it goes to the conference committee, before that bill is placed on the president’s desk. ” Mulvaney said that, since he has worked in the government, this process has “never worked” the way it’s supposed to. He added: I don’t think it has functioned for the last decade. I’ve been here since 2011 and it has never worked. We want to get back to that process. But the reason we can’t get back to that process is because the Senate is requiring 60 votes on every single appropriations bill and that is forcing this discussion on continuing resolutions  —   which is a bad way to run the government  —   and forcing a discussion on shutdowns which is simply not productive. Later in the press conference, Mulvaney said, “The president wants to see Washington better, get better, get fixed, change the way it does business. ” He said the Democrats are saying, “They won and we lost is not a bipartisan way to approach things. ” Drawn back to the topic of Trump’s early morning tweet by a member of the White House Press Corps once again, Mulvaney said, “I think what he’s foreshadowing is, ‘look, this place has to change.’ The way we run the town has to be fixed. We have to do something. We cannot simply muddle along using models the previous administration has used. ” Mulvaney said Trump is a president that will usher in change. “And he’s going to change Washington, D. C. And if it takes a shutdown, then that’s what it takes. But again, that’s several months away from that discussion. We have a lot to do between now and then. ” Follow Adelle Nazarian on Facebook and Twitter.",0
15068,Flashback: Clinton campaign’s press secretary once thought it was a bad look to second-guess James Comey – twitchy.com,"
— My Name is Fate (@Destini41) October 29, 2016 
Clinton and her supporters certainly had reason to celebrate the conclusion of the case; that is, at least, until newly discovered evidence made it clear that the case wasn’t concluded. 
Not surprisingly, Fallon was among those who decided Friday it wasn’t so bad to second-guess the decision of a career prosecutor. Kellyanne Conway is on MSNBC now falsely saying Hillary Clinton is ""under FBI investigation."" This is what Jim Comey has wrought. 
— Brian Fallon (@brianefallon) October 29, 2016 
Are we back to that whole “routine security review” talking point, or is Clinton not under investigation? Because the letter Comey sent to FBI employees Friday gave that impression pretty strongly: 
This morning I sent a letter to Congress in connection with the Secretary Clinton email investigation. Yesterday, the investigative team briefed me on their recommendation with respect to seeking access to emails that have recently been found in an unrelated case. Because those emails appear to be pertinent to our investigation, I agreed that we should take appropriate steps to obtain and review them. 
Of course, we don’t ordinarily tell Congress about ongoing investigations, but here I feel an obligation to do so given that I testified repeatedly in recent months that our investigation was completed. 
— #NeverTrump Rob G (@NYYFan63) October 29, 2016 @brianefallon Sounds like you didn’t get the FBI memo. 
— DC Dude (@DCDude1776) October 29, 2016 . @brianefallon She's right! Hillary Clinton has been, for some time now, under FBI CRIMINAL INVESTIGATION. The case is STILL OPEN. 
— American Elephant (@AmericnElephant) October 29, 2016 @brianefallon How is that false, Brian? 
— John Riley (@jriley8832) October 29, 2016 @brianefallon You're Ma Barker's press secretary & you really think she's not under FBI investigation? You're not too good at this, are you? 
— BasementDweller Zero (@jurassicpork59) October 29, 2016 @brianefallon @nielslesniewski but alas, she is. That's what the FBI does. 
— Tone Loc (@ToneLocNV) October 29, 2016 @brianefallon You're right, the Federal Bureau of Investigation is not Investigating. What would give someone an idea they're Investigating? 
— Josh Fields (@partiallypro) October 29, 2016 @brianefallon When the Director of the FBI James Comey says they found more emails and they are going to investigate…..It means just that! 
— Hillary's Speeches (@abunasir61) October 29, 2016 @brianefallon Umm. He said she was under investigation. Now go update your resume. 
— Jim Levy (@TexasJew) October 29, 2016 @brianefallon Um, she is under FBI investigation. They investigate people; not things. 
— Victoria Balfour (@VickiBalfour) October 29, 2016 What would you consider it, @brianefallon ?The FBI IS investigating Hillary Clinton.FBI does not investigate items, e.g., emails, server. ",0
15069,Did Debbie Reynolds Die of a Broken Heart? - The New York Times,"No one can know if the actress Debbie Reynolds  —   who died on Wednesday, a day after her daughter, Carrie Fisher  —   died of a broken heart. Ms. Reynolds, 84, had suffered from several health problems in recent years, and doctors said any number of factors could have contributed to her death, possibly from a stroke. But by all accounts, she and her daughter were very close in recent years, and death from a broken heart is a   occurrence, both in medical literature and throughout the folklore of the earliest human communities. One form of the phenomenon is called Takotsubo syndrome, after the Japanese term for “octopus trap,” because the heart looks as if it is caught from below, its upper chambers ballooning as if trying to escape. The sudden loss of a child or spouse, perhaps foremost among life’s cruelties, sets off “an overflow of stress hormones, and the heart can’t take it,” said Dr. Suzanne Steinbaum, director of women’s heart health at Lenox Hill Hospital in New York. “It appears to be a massive heart attack,” but, she said, “the heart is literally stunned. ” The octopus trap can grab any heart, healthy or not, young or old, and most people survive, doctors say. The sudden flood of stress hormones causes a temporary weakening of the heart muscle itself, unlike a classic heart attack, in which a clot blocks blood flow. “I’ve seen estimates that about 1 percent of perceived heart attacks” are because of   syndrome, said Dr. Anne Curtis, chair of medicine at the Jacobs School of Medicine and Biomedical Sciences at the University at Buffalo, “and that seems about right. I think every cardiologist has seen cases. We tell people that many will return to normal or   heart function. ” Ms. Reynolds’s did not, though the timing of her death may have just coincided with her daughter’s. In her 2013 memoir, Ms. Reynolds wrote about suffering a   and partial kidney failure. In 2015, she was awarded an honorary Oscar but was too sick to attend the ceremony. In interviews, Ms. Fisher had talked about how frail her mother was. “It’s a lot of times terrifying, but watching my mother, who’s incredibly resilient, coping with certain health issues that she’s had,” she told National Public Radio this fall. In an interview with People magazine in May, she said her mother had had a “spinal issue” but had “recovered amazingly. ” Ms. Fisher, 60, died on Tuesday after suffering a heart attack on a flight from London to Los Angeles a few days earlier. On Wednesday, Ms. Reynolds was rushed to an emergency room amid reports that she had possibly had a stroke. Yet  —   if indeed a stroke was the primary cause of death, as her son, Todd Fisher, has said  —   a heart squeezed by the sudden loss of a beloved daughter could have contributed. The stunned organ, especially in a person who might have had any of the underlying cardiovascular infirmities of aging, could increase the likelihood of a clot forming and moving to the brain. In a 2005 paper in The New England Journal of Medicine, doctors at Johns Hopkins University School of Medicine reviewed cases of 18 women and one man who landed in coronary care units in Baltimore, between 1999 and 2003, with chest pains and no signs of classic heart attack on exam. Most were older, but one was 27 and another 32. The doctors, led by Dr. Ilan Wittstein, nicknamed the condition   syndrome and noted that it occurred not only after grief but after any sudden stress. All of the patients survived. “We had people who’d been held up at gunpoint, who’d been up in front of a group to speak, who were severely claustrophobic and in an M. R. I. scanner, who were angry and in heated arguments,” Dr. Wittstein said in an interview. Dr. Wittstein said that at the time the paper appeared virtually the only mentions of the syndrome were in Japanese medical literature. Now, he said, thousands of cases have been reported, and about 90 percent of them are women in middle age or older. One possible reason, he said, is that estrogen protects the heart’s smaller vessels  —   those most affected by stress hormones  —   and estrogen levels drop with age. There have been cases of   couples dying in close succession. The country stars Johnny and June Cash died within months of each other, after a long marriage. The former football star Doug Flutie’s parents died on the same day, both of heart attacks. To some medical experts, what Ms. Reynolds experienced is one of the greatest traumas of all. “No one wants to change the order of nature, that is the first thing I thought when I heard,” said Dr. Victor Fornari, a psychiatrist at Northwell Health on Long Island. “A parent outliving a child  —   it’s one of the most unspeakable things there is. ”",0
15070,A Mr. Clark Kent arrested for public phone box indecency. More soon.,"Posted: Nov 9th, 2016 by Guest Click for more article by Guest .. More Stories about: Ticker",0
15071,Elon Musk’s Tesla Stock Up $2 Billion Since Joining Trump’s Team,"Although Tesla CEO Elon Musk shocked Silicon Valley by breaking ranks to become an official member of the White House Manufacturing Jobs Initiative, the value of his Tesla stock is up by over $2 billion since the election of Donald Trump as President. [After a dizzying week of executive orders covering Obamacare, trade and immigration, President Trump held an approval rating of 55 percent of likely voters according to the Rasmussen Reports daily Presidential Tracking Poll. That is only slightly below the 59 percent level of President Obama when he left office.  Voters welcomed President Trump’s decision to scrap the   Partnership (TPP)   deal and agree that the North American Free Trade Agreement (NAFTA) with Mexico and Canada needs to be reworked. Although supporters argue free trade makes products cheaper for U. S. consumers, Americans believe  —   by a whopping 73 percent to 16 percent margin  —    it is more important to keep manufacturing jobs in the United States than keep prices low for U. S. consumers. Americans strongly believe in buying U. S. made goods. To emphasize which way the nation is moving, the White House announced the creation of a   Manufacturing Jobs Initiative to develop the “how best to promote job growth and get Americans back to work again. ” Participants include a number of Fortune 100 CEOs the   Deputy Chief of Staff, representing labor unions plus Elon Musk, Intel’s Brian Krzanich, and Michael Dell to represent  . Breitbart News reported earlier this week that Musk suffered huge Silicon Valley   after he lit up the blogosphere by tweeting that former ExxonMobil CEO Rex Tillerson “has the potential to be an excellent Sec of State. ” The left’s social justice warriors lashed out at Musk with vicious colorful language that cannot be reported. Rumors also flew that Musk was a   to support Trump in exchange for a carbon tax. Musk’s showing up on an official White House committee on January 27 generated another Twitter storm. But the latest comments were more mournful: “dude, what are you doing? You are losing #credibility by the minute. Come back to the #light ! ”. Musk replied, “Yeah, am hearing this from a lot of people  it’s getting me down. I’m just trying to make a positive contribution  hope good comes of it. ” But when it comes to U. S. employment and manufacturing, Musk’s companies are near or at the top as the   players. From a base of just 899 Tesla employees in 2010, Tesla now has roughly 25, 000 U. S. workers   SpaceX has 4, 000 U. S. employees   Gigafactory expects to hire 6, 500 American workers when completed and his development stage Hyperloop One has 200 employees. The Trump   Musk charm offensive has been a home run for Tesla. With analysts at Morgan Stanley and other Wall Street firms applauding the effort, Tesla’s stock price is up by 33 percent since the November 8 elections. Before Donald Trump became President, Musk already had amassed a $13. 2 billion net worth. The biggest piece of his fortune are the 33. 73 million Tesla shares and vested options exercisable within 60 days that amount to a 22. 5 percent ownership stake in the company. Since November 8, Musk’s net worth from Tesla alone is up by a stunning $2, 028, 000, 000, or over $2 billion rounded off.",0
15072,N.F.L.: Here’s What We Learned in Week 2 - The New York Times,"■ Optimism is easy to come by in the offseason, but maintaining it in the regular season for even two games can be far more difficult. Just ask the Jaguars ( ) the Raiders (  with 69 points allowed through two games) and the Buccaneers (  after being crushed   by the Cardinals). ■ Cam Newton can still dominate any team other than the Broncos. The Panthers quarterback moved his record against   teams to   over the last two seasons with a   dismantling of the 49ers. And his   news conference may have   resurrected the boater (see below). ■ No lead is ever safe for the Cleveland Browns, who were up   over the Ravens in the first quarter before a missed   was returned to the opposite end zone, giving Baltimore two points. The Ravens proceeded to methodically storm back to a   victory. ■ It apparently does matter who plays quarterback for the Patriots. The team’s offense fell off a cliff when Jimmy Garoppolo was knocked out of the game with a shoulder injury. Jacoby Brissett, a rookie out of North Carolina State, replaced Garoppolo, and New England barely hung on to win. ■ There is no place like (new) home. The Rams beat the Seahawks in their return to Los Angeles Memorial Coliseum after 36 years in other stadiums, and the Vikings beat the Packers in their first game in the   U. S. Bank Stadium. The future looked bright on Sunday night in Minnesota. The Vikings finally got to play a regular season game in U. S. Bank Stadium, their gleaming new home. Their fans were thrilled by a dominant performance from young receiver Stefon Diggs. And a convincing   victory over the   Green Bay Packers even made the prospect of losing Adrian Peterson to a serious knee injury feel like a footnote. Diggs exploded for career highs with 9 catches for 182 yards. He caught 9 of the 10 passes thrown his way, and seemed able to get open at will against the Packers. Getting Diggs the ball was Sam Bradford, the underachieving veteran quarterback the Vikings traded for two weeks ago after starter Teddy Bridgewater was injured. Bradford, plagued by injuries and inconsistency in his career in St. Louis and Philadelphia, was excellent Sunday, playing through a badly bruised left hand while completing 22 of 30 passes for 286 yards and 2 touchdowns. Minnesota’s passing game helped offset a running game that struggled even before Peterson went down. After leading the N. F. L. in rushing last season, the    Peterson now has just 50 yards combined through the first two games of the season on 31 carries. While no official announcement has been made regarding Peterson’s status going forward, he was shown being unable to put any weight on the knee as he was helped off the field. With or without Peterson, the Vikings are   and in first place in the N. F. C. ’s North Division. For the Packers, who struggled all game with pass protection and ball security, the loss dropped the team to  . Aaron Rodgers struggled all night to connect with his receivers and was intercepted by Trae Waynes late in the fourth quarter to end the Packers’ rally. Rodgers also fumbled three times, losing one of them. Anyone questioning why the Denver Broncos gave Von Miller nearly $70 million in guaranteed money after a long set of contract negotiations this offseason got their answer on Sunday. Miller dominated the Indianapolis Colts, sacking Andrew Luck three times, including a clutch play that staved off a comeback attempt and sealed Denver’s   victory. When it was over, Miller walked off the field in Denver to a chorus of “M. V. P” chants from Broncos fans. Miller was the Super Bowl M. V. P. thanks largely to his ability to punch the ball out while sacking a quarterback, and in the closing minutes of Sunday’s game, as Luck tried to rally his team to a    victory, it was Miller, perhaps the heart and soul of the Broncos, who came through with the play of the game, sacking Luck and stripping the ball free. The fumble was recovered by Shane Ray and returned for a touchdown. Game over. There was concern this offseason that losing Peyton Manning would put too much pressure on the Broncos’ defense, but under coordinator Wade Phillips they look nearly as strong as a year ago. On top of Miller’s big play, Aqib Talib returned an interception for a touchdown, helping the Broncos’ defense offset an uneven performance by the offense. Manning’s replacement, Trevor Siemian, completed 22 of 33 passes for 266 yards, but was kept without a touchdown. The Broncos are now   in the   era. Cam Newton threw his   122nd touchdown pass on Sunday, but all anyone wanted to talk about was his hat. Following Carolina’s   win over the San Francisco 49ers, the reigning N. F. L. M. V. P. came out for his   news conference in a straw boater hat and bow tie that set Twitter ablaze with comparisons to everything from carnival barkers to barbershop quartets to Lyle Lanley, the   monorail salesman from “The Simpsons. ” The first question from the media was about where Newton got the anachronistic hat, but he smiled, and chose not reveal the source, saying “Undisclosed. But shoutout to my connect. ” Carolina, the league’s   offense from a year ago returned to form Sunday, led by Newton, who threw for 353 yards and four touchdowns. The Panthers turned the ball over four times, but still managed to pile up 529 yards on offense. Here’s how the Panthers won. The quarterback situation in New England got even more complicated this week when Jimmy Garoppolo, who had been thriving in place of the suspended Tom Brady, went down with an injury to his throwing shoulder in the second quarter and was ruled out for the rest of the game. The Patriots struggled without Garoppolo, but held on to beat the Dolphins,   behind   quarterback Jacoby Brissett. Here’s how Brissett looked against the Dolphins. Prior to the hit by the Dolphins’ Kiko Alonso that crushed him into the turf, Garoppolo was shredding the Miami defense, having completed 18 of 27 passes for 234 yards and 3 touchdowns. With Brady suspended through Week 4, the emergence of Garoppolo had taken a great deal of pressure off of New England, as he opened the season with an upset win on the road over Arizona and got the team off to a host start this week as well. The injury, which could potentially keep Garoppolo out for multiple weeks, leaves the Patriots with a thin depth chart at the game’s most important position.   Jacoby Brissett took over for Garoppolo. Behind a conservative game plan, Brissett completed 6 of 9 passes for 92 yards. Patriots kicker Stephen Gostkowski missed a late field goal to put the game away, but the Dolphins came up short on their final drive. Professional football returned to Los Angeles, or at least something resembling it did, as the Rams held on to beat the Seattle Seahawks   in their home opener at the Los Angeles Memorial Coliseum. Beating the Seahawks, an N. F. C. West rival, for the third consecutive time likely felt good, but that was tempered by the fact that the Rams have failed to score a touchdown through two games. Here’s our report from the Coliseum. The focus before the game was on the injured ankle of Russell Wilson, but the Seahawks may want to be more concerned about the team’s running game. Traditionally a strength for Seattle, Seattle’s runners combined for just 67 yards on the ground, averaging 2. 8 yards an attempt. And Seahawks running back Christine Michael lost a fumble late in the fourth quarter to seal the victory for the Rams. This is the second consecutive season that the Seahawks have gotten off to a rough start, with the team going   last year before going   to close the season. It did not live up to the slugfests these teams are known for, but the Pittsburgh Steelers and Cincinnati Bengals once again clashed, and in a game that was in doubt until the final seconds, the Steelers held on for a narrow   victory. Tensions were undoubtedly high between the teams, but poor field conditions, caused by rain earlier in the day, led to a sloppy game in which neither Antonio Brown of the Steelers nor A. J. Green of the Bengals  —   two of the best receivers in the N. F. L.  —   cracked 40 yards receiving. Brown in particular struggled, catching just 4 passes on 11 targets, staring at his hands in disbelief at one point after an uncharacteristic drop. During an   interview at halftime, Coach Mike Tomlin of the Steelers attributed the sluggish play of both offenses to the familiarity the teams have for each other. They have now played each other four times in ten months. The Steelers defense, which has struggled against the pass in each of the last two seasons, allowed Andy Dalton to pass for 366 yards, but they limited the Bengals just enough for Ben Roethlisberger’s three touchdown passes to lead Pittsburgh to victory. The Bengals had plenty of opportunities, but fumbled twice late in the game, including one on an attempted lateral by Giovani Bernard with 8 seconds remaining to seal their fate. ■ Prescott Strong for Cowboys: Discussing Dak Prescott after the rookie quarterback’s first NFL victory, Dallas Cowboys owner Jerry Jones managed to throw in references to folks such as Troy Aikman, Tom Brady and Ben Roethlisberger  —   QBs with nine Super Bowl victories combined. Not bad company for a guy who was a   draft pick and is only playing because Tony Romo is out with an injured back. Prescott ran for a   TD  went 22 for 30 for 292 yards, and showed a veteran’s poise in the pocket, helping the Cowboys beat the Washington Redskins   on Sunday as he stayed   as a pro so far. Here’s how Dallas won. ■ Titans Rally to Beat Lions: Marcus Mariota converted a fourth down with a perfectly lofted   touchdown pass to Andre Johnson with 1:13 left, lifting the Tennessee Titans to a   win over the Detroit Lions on Sunday. Mariota dropped the pass over linebacker Tahir Whitehead to Johnson just before safety Rafael Bush could get to the veteran receiver to potentially break up the pass. The Titans ( ) ended a   losing streak, dating to last December, after Mariota threw two TD passes in the fourth quarter after trailing  .  —   Associated Press ■ The Browns Continue to Be Bad: The Cleveland Browns looked to be moving along just fine without Robert Griffin III, starting Week 2’s matchup against the Baltimore Ravens with touchdowns on the first three drives of the game and grabbing a   lead. But that old Browns luck kicked in immediately following the third touchdown, as Patrick Murray’s extra point attempted was blocked, and Tavon Young recovered the ball and returned it to the other end zone for two points. It was just the second   recovery for a score in N. F. L. history. From that point forward it was all Baltimore, with Joe Flacco rallying his team to a   victory on the road. Anyone expecting a   shootout similar to the one when the Giants and Saints met last season was disappointed. On Sunday, neither team scored an offensive touchdown until the early fourth quarter. A dreary game came down to a humdrum   field goal by the Giants Josh Brown that broke a tie and gave the Giants a   victory. Here’s how the Giants beat the Saints. ■ P. J. Williams, a cornerback for the Saints, went down in a brutal collision and appeared unable to move as he was carted off the field and taken to the hospital. Williams, a    rookie, came in low to try and tackle Larry Donnell of the Giants early in the first quarter, and had his neck snapped from    in the collision. Fox broadcasters reported that Williams regained movement in his extremities, and the Saints announced he was being evaluated for a concussion.",0
15073,Grappling With the Language of Love - The New York Times,"We often hear about how hard it is to be articulate in a foreign language, but when I began to study Arabic, what took me a long time to learn was not how to speak but how to listen. Looking back, I see that my inability to listen well cost me my first love. The man I loved was an Iraqi doctor. Young like me, he had been forced out of his country by war and had come to Syria to work in a refugee camp. This was in 2008, before the revolution. I was in Syria to study Arabic. We met in that camp, and for the next year we were constantly falling in and out of love, breaking up and getting back together, pouring out our hearts and fighting, mostly because of all he wanted to tell me was that I didn’t understand. We did this in Arabic, his first and my second language. The doctor and I were both alone in Damascus. He claimed he loved me from the moment we first spoke because I had asked him a question. This meant I was curious and ready to learn. I don’t remember my question. What I remember is the dust, which was overwhelming, and the sun, which would not stop beating, and all the patched white tents, which spread out from the doctor’s ambulance like the petals of a flower. I went into the ambulance to get out of the sun. The doctor was rocking a crying baby, and when he touched it, the baby quieted and fell asleep. I thought: I want this man to like me as much as I like him. But I didn’t have strong Arabic, so I simply gazed at the doctor and he gazed back. After, he called me. We met in a cafe. He sent me a poem. I didn’t understand the poem, which didn’t matter we were headed for love. I was a beginner in Arabic. I loved it and was trying to learn. I knew the word for “hospital” but not “emergency,” “love” but not “passion,” “war” but not “civil war. ” The doctor and I wanted to be writers, so in our free time we studied how to be eloquent. Sometimes I asked, “How can you love me when I speak inarticulate Arabic?” He assured me that he heard past my poorly constructed sentences to the beauty within. We didn’t worry about whether I found him articulate, because Arabic was his first language. We had not yet learned the lesson that vocabulary limits not just how well you speak but how well you listen. We expected me to be inarticulate and him to be eloquent. We loved specificity and detail, and the doctor used great detail in his stories. But my Arabic vocabulary was blunt and broad, so I heard him as being blunt and broad. We went to a lecture. In the middle, the doctor wrote on my paper: “You look beautiful in your glasses. ” I didn’t know the word for glasses, so I read: “You beautiful. ” He wrote: “I imagine you in a bath of rose petals. ” I didn’t know the word for rose petals, so I read, “You bath. ” Did I stink? We learn the words we most need. I had grown up in a small, sheltered town, so my vocabulary for war was limited. But war had colored the doctor’s work, his home, his first love (not me) and his sense of purpose. “I remember the bombs that fell on the emergency room,” he said, and I understood there had been a bomb but not how close it was to the hospital or how he had worked through the terror, his hands shaking. Our troubles worsened when the doctor called and told me something while I was at work, but I didn’t understand and was in the middle of something, so I said I was busy, could he call back? Later, when we reconnected, he said: “You have no heart. I told you the camp caught fire. People were hurt. Two lost their homes. And you said, ‘Call back later, I’m busy’?” My heart sank. “I’m sorry,” I told him. “I didn’t hear you. ” “Do you ever hear me?” Of course, there are many ways to hear a person it doesn’t always have to be in speech. That night, though, we got stuck on words. Afterward, we still saw each other, but it was not the same. Soon my grant ended and I went home. I thought it must not have really been love. How could the doctor love me when I didn’t understand him? And if I could not understand him or know him completely, how could I love him back? This was my belief for years. I still sometimes heard from the doctor, but we were far away, an ocean between us, and I no longer believed we had really loved. Then I met the man who would become my husband, a student with long hair who had come to the United States from Brazil to learn biology. When he rode up on a bicycle to the building where I lived, my heart almost stopped. He knew all the scientific terms in English but didn’t know simple words like “believe” or “comb. ” And yet after we met, I only wanted to be with him. I wanted to pour out my heart, to talk and to listen. And if anyone ever questioned our love (because it happened so quickly, over two months) or if he had ever questioned my devotion (because we did not speak the same language fluently)  it would have ripped straight through my heart. So I found myself in the doctor’s position. And I learned that sometimes it can be enough just to speak the words, regardless of whether your lover understands them that sometimes merely wanting to speak is enough. The doctor had once said, “You know me like I know you, and if you don’t, then someday you will. ” He had had faith in the future. I loved the way my husband looked when he was listening. He made up games that didn’t require language. He didn’t write poetry in English but he drew pictures on scraps of paper and left them about the house for me, and in this way, I knew what he felt. What had I done to show I cared for the doctor? Over the years, I continued studying Arabic and my language grew. When I began to translate for people from   countries, I gained a specialized vocabulary. Armed with my new vocabulary, I went back to the doctor’s poems. I took them out of their old box, one by one. To my delight, I found that the doctor was eloquent he wrote with precision and conviction. I went back to his story about the bombing and understood now how in the middle of surgery his hands were shaking so hard that he had not known if he could finish. But there was a patient before him, so he steeled himself and saw it through, and the patient survived. The bravery of this. I learned terrible things. About the exact ways he had been tortured and beaten. About the strangeness of death threats he had received simply because he was good at his work. I learned that sometimes to be good is the most dangerous thing. And finally, after so many years, I learned his sense of beauty. He wrote a poem about a jasmine flower that bloomed while wedged between dust and the ice of a wintery desert. Whether he meant this flower to be us no longer mattered. What mattered was that his words lasted, as beautiful now as then. His words had kept until I could listen and understand. Years after the doctor and I had fallen out of love, I finally knew him. He is now married and lives in Sweden, where he works for the Red Cross. Soon after I left Syria, he got in trouble for his politics and was forced to flee. A refugee with an uncertain passport, he made the precarious journey up through Turkey, across the sea in an unstable boat  —   five years before thousands of Syrian refugees, fleeing their own war, would make the same trip. He still writes poems, which used to air on the local radio and were so popular that people would call in and ask for “The Love Doctor. ” I listened to the show, using my dictionary to look up the hard words. Maybe, in the end, his poems are the gift of our romance, along with this lesson: Even years later we can learn from a relationship. There is no deadline for understanding. And that just as one can love intuitively, without language, one can also revel, years later, in the perfect meaning of a   misunderstood word.",0
15074,Study Finds Many Doctors Do NOT Recommend Giving This Vaccine to Your Kids,"More articles on the HPV Vaccine Canadian physician Dr. Andrew Moulden provided clear scientific evidence to prove that every dose of vaccine given to a child or an adult produces harm. The truth that he uncovered was rejected by the conventional medical system and the pharmaceutical industry. Nevertheless, his warning and his message to America remains as a solid legacy of the man who stood up against big pharma and their program to vaccinate every person on the Earth. Dr. Moulden died unexpectedly in November of 2013 at age 49. Because of the strong opposition from big pharma concerning Dr. Moulden’s research, we became concerned that the name of this brilliant researcher and his life’s work had nearly been deleted from the internet. His reputation was being disparaged, and his message of warning and hope was being distorted and buried without a tombstone. This book summarizes his teaching and is a must-read for everyone who wants to learn the “other-side” of the vaccine debate that the mainstream media routinely censors. Medical Doctors Opposed to Forced Vaccinations – Should Their Views be Silenced?eBook – Available for immediate download. 
One of the biggest myths being propagated in the compliant mainstream media today is that doctors are either pro-vaccine or anti-vaccine, and that the anti-vaccine doctors are all “quacks.” 
However, nothing could be further from the truth in the vaccine debate. Doctors are not unified at all on their positions regarding “the science” of vaccines, nor are they unified in the position of removing informed consent to a medical procedure like vaccines. 
The two most extreme positions are those doctors who are 100% against vaccines and do not administer them at all, and those doctors that believe that ALL vaccines are safe and effective for ALL people, ALL the time, by force if necessary. 
Very few doctors fall into either of these two extremist positions, and yet it is the extreme pro-vaccine position that is presented by the U.S. Government and mainstream media as being the dominant position of the medical field. 
In between these two extreme views, however, is where the vast majority of doctors practicing today would probably categorize their position. Many doctors who consider themselves “pro-vaccine,” for example, do not believe that every single vaccine is appropriate for every single individual. 
Many doctors recommend a “delayed” vaccine schedule for some patients, and not always the recommended one-size-fits-all CDC childhood schedule. Other doctors choose to recommend vaccines based on the actual science and merit of each vaccine, recommending some, while determining that others are not worth the risk for children, such as the suspect seasonal flu shot. 
These doctors who do not hold extreme positions would be opposed to government-mandated vaccinations and the removal of all parental exemptions. 
In this eBook, I am going to summarize the many doctors today who do not take the most extremist pro-vaccine position, which is probably not held by very many doctors at all, in spite of what the pharmaceutical industry, the federal government, and the mainstream media would like the public to believe. 
This article originally appeared on vaccineimpact.com Image: Wikimedia Commons",0
15075,Hollywood's Big Lies of Omission,"(27 fans) - Advertisement - "" We like nonfiction, and we live in fictitious times. We live in the time where we have fictitious election results that elects a fictitious President. We live in a time where we have a man sending us to war for fictitious reasons. Whether it's the fiction of duct tape or the fictitious orange alerts, we are against this war, Mr. Bush.""--Michael Moore Oscar acceptance speech, moments before his mic was cut off. This year may mark a turning point, where the moral bankruptcy was laid bare for all. I'm speaking of the Bernie Sanders flip-flop for Hillary Clinton, the predictable bait-and-switch, which Democrats never seem to imagine in real time. The rest of us have seen it so often that the ruse has become routine Standard Operating Procedure. A particularly notable case is Sarah Silverman, the filthy-mouthed comedienne, who originally championed Bernie. But she quickly fell into lockstep for Hillary. Silverman had a soul empty enough to go and scold the United States to support a candidate whom she had just been fighting against , and who actually stole the nomination from her own candidate through back-room deals at the DNC and through apparent voting-machine hacking . The thief was rewarded instead of jailed for some reason, which Hollywood has had absolutely zero interest in, as if it didn't happen. They moved on instantly to lambast us all about Donald Trump 24/7. Orwell couldn't have written it better. Hollywood has a highly complex understanding of political philosophy and particularly of this presidential race: 1. Trump Bad 2. Hillary Woman 3. So-called ""Lesser Evil"" We should acknowledge, those who are literate, that Hillary Clinton's repeated threats to escalate World War 3 over Syria leave her as potentially the greater evil, not the lesser at all. The jury is very much out. "" Goldwater Girl"" Hillary Rodham Clinton has a lengthy record of supporting every US aggressive war and opposing none. She may have played a part in the killings of over 2 million human beings so far, merely tallying those casualties from the three countries of Iraq, Syria and Libya. One may opt to also add another half-million Iraqi children who died as a result of her husband's eight years of sanctions. - Advertisement - I noticed Hollywood's widespread mindless support for Democrats back in 2000, when I kicked that shockingly corrupt party to the curb and joyfully cast a vote for Ralph Nader, an actual American hero whose efforts have saved lives. Die-hard whiners of the Democratic rank-and-file still falsely claim that big bad Ralph gave the election to Dubya Bush, when anyone with the ability to read can see that it was the Supreme Court which stopped the legitimate counting of Florida ballots. Add Bush's brother Jeb purging nearly two-hundred thousand minority voters from rolls. But the mindless strategy of attacking third parties and attempting to delegitimize democracy itself persists among the ignorant (a majority of Democrats perhaps). This is by design; this is who they are. They do not believe in democracy, because the billionaires who fund them do not believe in any democracy they cannot control. George W. Bush's theft of the presidency did help expose the moral bankruptcy of Democrats as well as Republicans. When Bush lied about Iraq, Hillary Clinton was right there with him embellishing and freestyling! She claimed Iraq's non-existent ""weapons of mass destruction"" to be ""undisputed."" Her lies helped sell the war to Congress, a war of aggression: what the Nazis did and were hung for at Nuremberg. Her role in aggressive war and in destroying International Law as a restraint against belligerence are profound crimes, grievous war crimes: ""the supreme international crime"" in the words of U.S. Judge Robert Jackson. When a handful of Democrats attempted to impeach the Bush junta for crimes relating to those wars, as well as to torture and cover-up, it was Democrat Nancy Pelosi who announced ""Impeachment is off the table."" Criminal collusion, allowing the crimes to stand without recourse, that is what they did. The US federal government has served as a protection racket for international war crimes. The damage that Democrats inflicted upon the rule of law is equal to that of the Republicans. The former had a moral and legal responsibility to defend the Constitution, their oaths of office, but voluntarily opted not to. The Internet helped flood the world with information to pass around, both good and bad, but the crimes of both parties became difficult for them to wash away now that Google made all web searchers equal. Today, things have accelerated into realms of the absurd. CNN recently cut off a congressman in mid-sentence for uttering the word ""Wikileaks."" This Soviet-style clampdown on dissent remains a shocker even in a society that's pretty much seen it all. - Advertisement - The media, distrusted by most , is only one aspect of the problem though. Americans get their views from joking heads as much as from stodgy teleprompter readers. Talk shows and comedy skits propagandize viewers every bit as much as do the Washington Post or New York Times . Celebrity endorsements matter. A casual glance at those programs would reveal that democracy is non-existent in Hollywood today. All voices are not represented. Minority candidates cannot get air time, will not be interviewed, and will only be mocked in absentia as per John Oliver's recent disgraceful hit piece on Green Party candidate Jill Stein , a cowardly move John. Shameful. But Oliver is far from alone. I single him out because he knows better and could have done justice to the Green Party and to its clear alternative to perpetual war, empire, and industrialized ecocide. But where would that have left him personally vis a vis the Hollywood political consensus?",0
15076,WATCH: MILO and Martin Shkreli March on UC Davis’ Campus - Breitbart,"Breitbart editor MILO and former pharmaceutical executive Martin Shkreli will lead a rally this afternoon on UC Davis’ campus to protest the violent   speech activists who shut down  their event that was scheduled for last night.[  The rally, which is scheduled for 1 P. M. PST (4 PM EST) will feature both MILO and Shkreli and will take place on UC Davis’ quad. Last night’s event was cancelled after protesters became violent. Several protesters were caught by cameras attacking reporters and throwing barricades. “After consulting with UC Davis Police Department and UC Davis Student Affairs officials, the Davis College Republicans canceled tonight’s event featuring Breitbart columnist Milo Yiannopoulos,” claimed UC Davis in an official blog post on their website. “The decision was made at about 7:00 pm, 30 minutes prior to the scheduled start of the event, after a large number of protesters blocked access to the venue, and it was determined that it was no longer feasible to continue with the event safely. ”",0
15077,OBAMA GIVES TRUMP A GIFT: ObamaCare Collapsing Nationwide One Week Before Election Day,"  OBAMA GIVES TRUMP A GIFT: ObamaCare Collapsing Nationwide One Week Before Election Day A look at what happened in Arizona shows the cascading effects of problems with the design and implementation of the ACA, combined with early missteps by insurers. Some priced plans aggressively, angling for market share and betting special programs built into the law would protect them from losses. Those protections didn’t work as expected. Enrollees’ health-care expenses repeatedly overshot the projections of nearly all Arizona’s insurers. The result: a flood of red ink, then withdrawals and premium increases.   When Affordable Care Act insurance marketplaces launched in fall 2013, Arizona seemed like a success. Eight insurers competed to sign up consumers, offering a wide variety of plans and some of the lowest premiums in the country. 
Today, with ACA enrollment starting Nov. 1 , Arizonans will find in most counties only one insurer selling exchange plans for 2017. Premiums for some plans will be more than double this year, some of the biggest increases in the nation. Only last-minute maneuvering prevented one Arizona county from becoming the first in the nation to have no exchange insurers at all. 
A similar dynamic is playing out in other states’ exchanges, which are a critical centerpiece of the 2010 health law. About one-third of U.S. counties will have just one exchange insurer next year , up from 7% this year, estimates the nonprofit Kaiser Family Foundation, which studies health-care issues. In many cases, remaining insurers are seeking significant rate increases. Obama on Showing ACA Works: ‘We’re Not Going To Get That Much Help Through the Media’ 
A look at what happened in Arizona shows the cascading effects of problems with the design and implementation of the ACA, combined with early missteps by insurers. Some priced plans aggressively, angling for market share and betting special programs built into the law would protect them from losses. Those protections didn’t work as expected. Enrollees’ health-care expenses repeatedly overshot the projections of nearly all Arizona’s insurers. The result: a flood of red ink, then withdrawals and premium increases. 
“The Arizona market is the poster child for the problems the exchanges are experiencing nationally,” says Tom Snook, a Phoenix-based actuary for consultants Milliman Inc. 
Opponents of the health law have cited the problems in Arizona and other states to argue for unraveling the legislation, and they have proposed changes such as expanding health-savings accounts and allowing insurers to sell plans across state lines. Trump: My employees are having problems with Obamacare 
Obama administration officials say they are bolstering the exchanges, and the consumer impact of premium increases will be limited by the law’s subsidies for lower-income people, received by about 85% of enrollees nationally. “We’re making really good progress in addressing a lot of the issues,” says Kevin Counihan, head of the Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services unit charged with implementing the health law. He calls Arizona an “outlier,” saying that insurers elsewhere have succeeded with ACA plans. 
The ACA transformed the individual insurance market, where consumers buy their own plans. Before the law, insurers could refuse to sell to people with pre-existing health conditions. Starting in 2014, consumers couldn’t be denied coverage, or charged more, if they were ill. Individuals could shop for plans via an online marketplace. Partly to ensure that healthy people signed up to balance out the sick, the law contained penalties for most people if they didn’t obtain coverage. Arizona expanded Medicaid, as the law envisioned. 
Insurers saw uncertainty in the new marketplace, but also potential. They had to guess what prices they needed to charge to cover the health costs of new enrollees. A 2013 Society of Actuaries report suggested that the Arizona individual-insurance market could more than double, growing to 570,681 consumers, with more than 80% of them buying through the exchange. The health-care costs of the newer customer base would be around 22% higher than the old one, it suggested. President dodges blame for Obamacare premium increases 
Insurers believed they had protective guardrails —programs in the law to limit losses for companies that drew a lot of unhealthy, high-cost consumers. One insurer, Health Net Inc., told investors in November 2013 it could effectively pay out $1.20 in claims for each $1 it got in premiums and still break even with help from an ACA program called “risk corridors.” Some of Health Net’s Arizona products were among the lowest-priced in the country, according to Kaiser. 
Kim Walton, 62 years old, of Tempe, says his monthly insurance bill dropped by more than two-thirds compared with his pre-ACA plan, with help from a federal subsidy. Unlike his old plan, his new ACA insurance covered any costs tied to his pre-existing health conditions—he earlier had a hip replacement and suffered a broken neck. “It was perfect,” says Mr. Walton, who owns his own business. 
Krysti Horwitz of Phoenix steered clear of the exchange. Ms. Horwitz, 35, and her husband, who own an online-marketing business, were healthy. In 2013, they had a plan that she said cost them significantly less than a new ACA one would. They weren’t eligible for subsidies. They decided to keep what they had, an option the Obama administration authorized in late 2013. 
By spring of 2014, with the first year of the new ACA plans barely under way, insurers had to guess again at pricing. Rate requests for 2015 plans were due, though insurers still had scant information about who signed up. That was partly because federal officials extended the deadline for enrollment after technical problems with HealthCare.gov, the federal exchange being used in Arizona and many other states. 
One thing was already clear: Health Net’s low-price gambit had won huge market share. The company ended up with nearly 92,000 enrolled in individual plans in 2014, more than seven times its 2013 total, according to insurance-data firm Mark Farrah Associates’ Health Coverage Portal. 
That posed a challenge for rivals, including startup Meritus, one of the nonprofit cooperative plans launched under the ACA. Meritus drew only a few thousand consumers in 2014, and it needed to boost enrollment to sustain itself, according to Tom Zumtobel,the co-op’s former CEO, who took over in late 2014. 
Meritus worked to reduce its prices, and its rates came in below competitors’ in 2015. 
Once again that year, Arizona had some of the lowest exchange premiums in the U.S., and one of the most competitive marketplaces, with 11 insurers, according to the Kaiser data. Enrollment grew, particularly at Meritus, where it surged to about 48,000 in 2015, according to Mark Farrah Associates. 
On Oct. 1, 2015, insurers got a huge blow: Federal regulators announced the risk-corridor program, which many companies expected to limit their financial risk, would pay out only 12.6% of the amount expected . The program hadn’t taken in enough money from successful insurers to cover the requests of those with significant losses. 
For Meritus, it was “operationally devastating,” says Mr. Zumtobel. That Oct. 30, just two days before consumers were set to start buying their 2016 exchange plans, Arizona’s regulator put the co-op under supervision, barring it from selling new insurance policies. 
Remaining insurers began retrenching. The 2016 plans included more-limited networks of health-care providers. The total number of exchange insurers ticked down to eight, from 11, and premiums rose. “We started to see the cracks,” says Jerry Anderson, an insurance agent in Scottsdale, Ariz. 
Nearly all the Arizona individual business of exchange insurers plunged into the red, according to Mark Farrah Associates, the insurance-data firm. Health Net booked nearly $40 million in losses on its Arizona individual business in 2014, and another $39 million the following year, according to Mark Farrah Associates, when the insurer agreed to be acquired by Centene Corp. Blue Cross Blue Shield of Arizona, the biggest player in the state’s individual market, had priced less aggressively than Health Net but still saw steep losses. 
Based on regulatory filings, McKinsey & Co. estimated the insurance industry suffered cumulative losses of between 9% and 11% of premium revenue on individual plans last year. Only about one-quarter of insurers reported a profit on the business. 
In Arizona, insurers set their rates too low to cover their enrollees’ health expenses. There were fewer people than actuaries once projected, with about 203,000 choosing exchange plans during the enrollment period for this year. The share of enrollees who were healthy was smaller than companies projected, partly because the law’s penalties weren’t enough to prod them to enroll, insurers say. The unhealthy people who did sign up were more costly. Insurers say that some consumers appeared to be buying plans specifically when they had health needs. 
Blue Cross Blue Shield of Arizona’s ACA plans in 2014 were priced around 35% higher on average than its individual plans in 2013. “In hindsight, it wasn’t even close to enough,” says Jeff Stelnik, a senior vice president at the nonprofit. ACA-plan enrollees had medical costs around 250% higher on average than individual members before the health law, due partly to far higher prevalence of conditions such as diabetes, he says. 
Insurers began to bail out. On April 19, UnitedHealth Group Inc. said it would pull out of nearly all state ACA exchanges , including Arizona’s, for the next year amid growing losses. Others in Arizona retreated, including Blue Cross Blue Shield of Arizona and Health Net, which decided to pull out of the state’s most populous county, Maricopa, as well as adjacent Pinal, for 2017. On Aug. 15, Aetna Inc. announced it would leave most of its exchanges , including Arizona’s. Aetna’s decision created a crisis: Pinal County would have no exchange insurers for 2017. The void would short-circuit a central mechanism of the law, because consumers can get subsidies only through an ACA marketplace. 
The situation drew attention from Republicans critical of the ACA, including Arizona Sen. John McCain . He introduced a bill meant to “protect AZ from Obamacare collapse,” according to a press release. Obama administration officials said they believed the situation would be resolved. 
In September, Blue Cross Blue Shield of Arizona announced it would continue to sell exchange plans in Pinal next year after all. The decision came after state and federal regulators “expressed their concern for Pinal residents,” though the insurer made the call on its own, says Blue Cross’s Mr. Stelnik. 
Neighboring Maricopa County, the state’s most populous, also ended up with just one insurer—Centene, Health Net’s new parent, which announced Sept. 14 it would sell exchange plans there next year. Centene CEO Michael F. Neidorff says his company has a very different approach from Health Net, which he says “thought they would get the revenue, the growth,” and relied on ACA risk programs for protection. Centene said it expects to be profitable in Arizona, as it has been in other exchanges. 
That left only one county in Arizona, Pima, with more than one exchange insurer—it has two. There will be a few more options sold outside the exchange, to people who don’t get federal subsidies. 
Premium increases are steep, though the effect will be blunted for those who get subsidies. Blue Cross’s rates are up by an average of 51% from this year, Centene’s Health Net unit’s, by nearly 75%. 
Mr. Walton, the consumer who benefited from lower premiums at the start of the exchange, worries he won’t be able to find a plan that includes his primary-care physician and his cardiologist. “I don’t know what’s going to happen come November,” he says.  ",0
15078,"At Dylann Roof’s Trial, a Question of How Many Tears Are Too Many - The New York Times","CHARLESTON, S. C.  —   The federal trial to determine whether Dylann S. Roof will receive the death penalty for his murderous rampage at an   church has become a delicate balancing act, pitting the desire of prosecutors to convey the fullness of grief for the nine devout victims against the due process rights of an unrepentant white supremacist who largely declines to defend himself. In three days of   testimony last week, prosecutors questioned 20 spouses, children, grandchildren and friends of the victims to draw painfully poignant portraits of men and women who were pillars of their church, families and community. Jurors heard not only the tributes of the bereaved but in some cases the voices of the dead  —   recordings of the Rev. Clementa C. Pinckney lecturing proudly about the   history of Emanuel A. M. E. Church, the Rev. DePayne Middleton Doctor booming a soulful a cappella solo, the Rev. Sharonda   praying in a crescendo at the funeral of a friend. The government’s lawyers called two or three witnesses to render a portrait of each victim testimony about one of the deceased  —   the youngest,    Tywanza Sanders  —   remains for Monday. The prosecution plans to rest its case that day, and Mr. Roof, who is representing himself, has said he will not call any witnesses. Closing arguments are expected on Tuesday. Mr. Roof, 22, stared straight ahead or down at the defense table, avoiding eye contact with witnesses who lost composure on the stand and jurors who sometimes dabbed away tears. When a prosecutor would conclude his gentle questioning, which could draw on for more than an hour, Judge Richard M. Gergel of Federal District Court would call for  . Mr. Roof, dressed in a   sweater and slacks, would rise slightly from his seat and announce: “No questions. ” That dynamic has prompted a series of challenges by Mr. Roof, and pointed exchanges between Judge Gergel and David I. Bruck, the veteran,   capital defender whom Mr. Roof has sidelined, about how much is too much. “It is not fair to allow that much testimony to be heard by the jury when I am not presenting any evidence  —   from my family or anyone else  —   in mitigation,” Mr. Roof argued on Wednesday in a motion that Judge Gergel denied. “If I don’t present any mitigation evidence, the   evidence will take over the whole sentencing trial and guarantee that I get the death penalty. ” Found guilty in December on 33 counts, including 18 that carry a potential death sentence, Mr. Roof has rejected Mr. Bruck’s strategy of presenting evidence about his background and mental health that might mitigate against his execution. The lawyer has been relegated to the role of standby counsel, allowed to sit beside Mr. Roof and offer guidance but not to question witnesses or to object to the government’s evidence. The usually   Mr. Bruck has not been able to contain his frustration. At several points last week, with the jury out of the courtroom, he pleaded with Judge Gergel to rein in the prosecution and to empower him to object to testimony. “This is sentencing it is not a memorial service,” said Mr. Bruck, who has often expressed his admiration for the victims and his sorrow for their families. “It has become a runaway freight train. ” Mr. Bruck told Judge Gergel that Mr. Roof did not have the capacity or courage to offer objections and consistently ignored the suggestions he passed along in notes. He said he had advised Mr. Roof to move for a mistrial. Judge Gergel has had none of it. He lectured Mr. Bruck that he had twice held competency hearings and determined that Mr. Roof met the legal thresholds to stand trial and represent himself, a constitutional right. “I have not noticed the bashfulness to make an objection any time he feels it appropriate,” the judge told Mr. Bruck on Friday. He asked Mr. Roof if he felt uncomfortable doing so. “No,” Mr. Roof replied, saying no more. The judge has, however, cautioned Julius N. Richardson, an assistant United States attorney, to restrict the number of victim impact witnesses and the length of their testimony. “At some point it’s too much,” Judge Gergel said. “I’m worried about the cumulative effect. ” Yet, he also acknowledged the emotion of the memories offered from the stand. “There is no antiseptic way to do this,” he said. Although they gradually acceded to Judge Gergel’s suggestion to “streamline” their case, prosecutors have argued that the scale of the massacre justified a large number of witnesses. “He is the one who chose to kill nine people,” Mr. Richardson said of Mr. Roof, who, according to testimony, wore shoes to a closed hearing last week bearing a   symbol of white supremacy. “He is the one who chose to go into a church to do it, and he’s the one who chose to do it to particularly good people. ” Impact statements at capital trials  —   and the legal questions surrounding them  —   rose to prominence in the 1980s as victims’ rights advocates won public support, including the passage of a law that altered the Federal Rules of Criminal Procedure. But in 1987, the United States Supreme Court ruled that such evidence in capital cases was a “constitutionally unacceptable risk. ” Four years later, it reversed that position when it ruled in Payne v. Tennessee. “Victim impact evidence is simply another form or method of informing the sentencing authority about the specific harm caused by the crime in question,” Chief Justice William H. Rehnquist wrote for the    majority. Such evidence has become a staple of capital proceedings. Before Timothy McVeigh was sentenced to death for the 1995 Oklahoma City bombing, which killed 168 people, prosecutors called 38 victim impact witnesses, Mr. Roof noted in a motion. More than a dozen testified at the 2015 trial of Dzhokhar Tsarnaev, who received the death penalty for the Boston Marathon attack that left three people dead and more than 250 wounded. Researchers have repeatedly found that such evidence has substantial effects on jurors who are weighing capital punishment. Mr. Roof’s choice to not call witnesses means that jurors will “not hear that evidence which tends to dampen the emotional effect” of grieving relatives, said Scott E. Sundby, a law professor at the University of Miami who has studied juror behavior in capital cases. Victim impact witnesses cannot, by law, opine about the penalty they prefer. But the jurors in Charleston have heard stories of intense suffering and loss, one after another. Prosecutors began by eliciting heartfelt reminiscences of family gatherings and final conversations, then pivoted to the excruciating moments of discovery after the killings of June 17, 2015. “I dropped the phone and just started jumping and fell on the floor and stayed there for two hours,” recalled Bethane Middleton Brown, Ms. Doctor’s sister. “I couldn’t move. ” Jurors saw an affecting video of Chris Singleton, the son of Ms.   rapping a tribute to his charismatic mother: “Took your life in the middle of the church, and I just pray, Mama, that you weren’t hurt. ” They heard Malcolm R. Graham, a former North Carolina state senator, describe the deep void left by the death of his sister, Cynthia Hurd, a longtime county librarian who served as his mentor and political guide. “I’m alive, I’m fit, but something is missing,” he said. “I can’t go to the store and replace it. I can’t reinvent it. ” Walter Jackson Jr. seemed to find cruel irony in his grandmother Susie Jackson’s being taken in a hate crime. “She was 87 when she passed, and that’s someone who’s gone through racism, discrimination, segregation,” he said. “Yet she was still that kind of person who still had that unconditional love for everyone. ” Daniel L. Simmons Jr. told of his initial bewilderment that his father, the Rev. Daniel Simmons Sr. a    Vietnam veteran with a license to carry a concealed weapon, had not done more to protect the churchgoers as he always had his family. He got his answer after receiving the keys to his father’s car from the coroner and finding the gun inside. “When I opened the car, it was sitting on the front seat,” Mr. Simmons said. “He took it off before he went to church. ” Death penalty critics complain that the testimony here has traded on the inherent nobility of the victims to advance what they consider the most ignoble of punishments, one that many members of the families say they oppose. They note the paradox that a death sentence for Mr. Roof may bolster support for maintaining a penalty that has been inflicted disproportionately on  . Some said the impact evidence may produce grounds for an appeal. Henderson Hill, a lawyer who founded the Center for Death Penalty Litigation and who attended the proceedings last week, said the tenor amounted to “a whistle for a life for a life. ” “This is so far past the pale of what is acceptable practice that I find it just unrecognizable as a capital sentencing proceeding,” he said. “I’ve never seen this kind of celebration of life, even in black churches where the traditions are that services go on forever. ”",0
15079,"NATO, US, & UK Assemble Largest Troop Buildup On Russian Border Since Cold War","Free Thought Project – by John Vibes 
In the midst of deepening tension between US allies NATO and Russia, NATO is planning the largest military buildup along the Russian border since the cold war. 
NATO called on allied governments this week to contribute whatever troops and equipment they can to the effort. According to Reuters, thousands of troops are expected to arrive in the coming days and weeks. 
It was reported that Italy, France, Denmark and other European states are expected to join the NATO military divisions that will be led by the United States along Russias border. 
On Wednesday, Britain announced it is sending hundreds of soldiers and hardware to Russia’s borders as part of a huge military deployment. 
A total of 800 troops, drones and tanks are moving to Estonia as part of the biggest military build-up of NATO troops on Russia’s borders since the Cold War. 
In addition to the forces allocated for his specific operation, NATO has an army of over 40,000 ready to be called up to fight at any time. 
The US military claims that this threatening move is meant to act as a “deterrent” to the Russian military, but this is obvious a move that will escalate tensions and push towards a possible third world war. 
“This is a credible deterrence, not to provoke a conflict but to prevent conflict, ” NATO Secretary-General Jens Stoltenberg said on Tuesday — ironically ignoring the fact that it is a de facto provocation. 
Just imagine what would happen if Russian troops amassed along the Mexican border and told the US that this move was to ‘prevent conflict.’ 
The so-called Iskander-M cruise missiles can hit targets across Poland and the Baltics, although NATO officials declined to say if Russia had moved nuclear warheads to Kaliningrad. 
The United States’ envoy to NATO, Douglas Lute told reporters that NATO and the US military may consider Russia a threat if they had nuclear weapons within range of NATO’s deployment. This statement is insane considering the fact that the US military is the ones who are many miles from home on the border of someone else’s lands. 
“This deployment, if it becomes permanent if the presence of nuclear weapons were confirmed, would be a change in (Russia’s) security posture, ” Lute said. 
If anyone is a threat, it is NATO and the US government. 
These military tensions are the result of an ongoing proxy war in Syria, in which western powers are attempting to institute a regime change in the country by funding violent rebel groups. Meanwhile, Russia has interests in keeping their allies in the Syrian government in control, putting the two superpowers at odds. 
Until now, Russia and the US have been fighting through third parties, just as they had during the previous cold war, and the same type of situation is developing today. Read more at http://thefreethoughtproject.com/nato-us-uk-assemble-largest-troop-buildup-russian-border-since-cold-war/#Egz3E7sm2qQrQwBh.99 Share this:",0
15080,Why You Need Sunlight Everywhere You Can Get It,"By Ryan Banister With the apparent elimination of rickets at the turn of 20th century, following the discovery of the role that vitamin D plays in the elimination of this disease, most may think that... ",0
15081,Trump: NATO Is ’Obsolete’,"  Donald Trump’s latest shot across the bow of NATO hit close enough to leave some European leaders dripping with “astonishment and agitation,” as German Foreign Minister   Steinmeier put it. [“I said a long time ago that NATO had problems,” Trump said during the interview with the Times of London and Germany’s Bild. “Number one, it was obsolete, because it was designed many, many years ago. Number two, the countries weren’t paying what they’re supposed to pay. ”  Trump expanded on the latter point by explaining that “countries aren’t paying their fair share so we’re supposed to protect countries but a lot of these countries aren’t paying what they’re supposed to be paying, which I think is very unfair to the United States. ” Specifically, he said Britain was one of five countries “paying what they’re supposed to,” out of 22 members. Trump nonetheless stressed that NATO is “very important to me,” and that he feels “very strongly toward Europe,” comments that appear to have been omitted from or dismissed by many reports on the interview by American and European media outlets. Another part of Trump’s remarks quoted by very few outlets reporting the Times and Bild interview is his stern criticism of Russia’s intervention in Syria. Monday’s Twitter streams are filled with mockery of Trump as a Russian pawn or collaborator, because the Russians swiftly agreed with his description of NATO as “obsolete,” but he was quite tough on what they have been doing to Syria: Nah, I think it’s a very rough thing. It’s a very bad thing, we had a chance to do something when we had the line in the sand and it wasn’t  —   nothing happened. That was the only time  —   and now, it’s sort of very late. It’s too late. Now everything is over  —   at some point it will come to an end  —   but Aleppo was nasty. I mean when you see them shooting old ladies walking out of town  —   they can’t even walk and they’re shooting ’em  —   it almost looks like they’re shooting ’em for sport  —   ah no, that’s a terrible  —   that’s been a terrible situation. Aleppo has been such a terrible humanitarian situation. He followed this up by saying he trusts German Chancellor Angela Merkel as well as Russian President Vladimir Putin, “but let’s see how long that lasts, it may not last long at all. ” He was responding to a question about whether he understands the historical importance of NATO to Europeans, and their continuing apprehension about Russia, when he described the alliance as “obsolete. ” He was not saying there is no need for caution or defense against Russia he was saying NATO, as currently constructed and funded, is not the ideal tool for the job. CNN writes that Putin spokesman Dmitry Peskov “agreed with Trump’s assessment of NATO” by saying “the systematic goal of this organization is confrontation. ” That is not what Trump said, but apparently the media had decided any and all attacks on NATO, from everyone, constitute agreement with Trump. Various levels of pushback and panic fill the bulk of CNN’s article, including the   German Foreign Minister,   Steinmeier, portraying the alliance as “rattled” by Trump’s remarks, and relaying “concerns” from NATO Secretary General Jens Stoltenberg. “A strong NATO is good for the United States, just as it is for Europe,” declared NATO spokeswoman Oana Lungescu. CBS News cites French Foreign Minister   Ayrault calling for Europeans to “stay united, together as a bloc” in response to Trump’s remarks. AFP describes Chancellor Merkel’s response to Trump’s comments as “sharp,” but she merely said, “We Europeans have our fate in our own hands. ” “I am personally waiting for the inauguration of the U. S. president. Then of course we will work with him on all levels,” she added. If that is a “sharp” response, then Trump has already won his political struggle with Europe, and he is not even sworn in yet. Europe “taking its fate in its own hands” appears to be what Trump wants when he objects that the NATO burden on the United States is too high. Europe reeks of obsolescence right now, far beyond NATO headquarters. If the election of Donald Trump jolts Europe’s leaders into action, then American voters have done the people of Britain and the Continent a huge favor.",0
15082,The Dumbing Down of America is NOT Complete,"Email 
YouTube videos of interviews with college students showing their often abysmal ignorance on even basic issues have recently surfaced. This YouTube video , for instance, asks students, “Who won the Civil War?” Those quizzed didn’t know, or they didn’t know there was one, or if it occurred in 1965. As another example, this YouTube video asks students attending George Mason University to identify a photograph of Vice President Joe Biden. None of them could, including one student majoring in political science. 
Walter Williams added to the dismay by noting that a recent study by the American Institutes for Research showed that half of four-year college students couldn’t perform simple tasks such as balancing a checkbook. Williams also cited NBC News , which reported that Fortune 500 companies spend about $3 billion a year to train their new employees basic English. 
Williams went on to quote reports from the Pentagon that between two-thirds and three-quarters of young people between the ages of 17 and 24 were not qualified for military service because of 1) weak educational skills, 2) poor physical fitness, 3) a history of illegal drug use, 4) medical conditions, or 5) criminal records. 
Selwyn Duke, writing at The New American , revealed that almost half of American young people between 16 and 20 would vote for a socialist while one out of five would vote for a communist. 
Each of these statistics can be challenged on one basis or another, no doubt, but using these disparate examples as proof that the ""dumbing down"" of America is complete greatly exaggerates the situation. Just one brief look at what’s happening with homeschooling is sufficient to challenge such a conclusion. 
Beginning at essentially zero in the 1970s, there are now, according to careful research done by Ann Zeise at A2ZHomeschooling.com, 1.5 million students being homeschooled in the United States. That is 2.7 percent of the 55.7 million youngsters between the age of five and 17 in the country. 
Not all of of those remaining 54.2 million are in public schools, however, as Zeise doesn’t include private schools, charter schools, Catholic schools, or other options. 
For those involved in the freedom fight, how can this possibly be interpreted as good news? In order to “win” — to reverse the ravages of socialist infiltrations into the culture — doesn’t that number have to be 50.1 percent or higher? 
Not according to Rensselaer Polytechnic Institute (RPI). Its Social Cognitive Networks Academic Research Center published a remarkable yet still unheralded study in July 2011 asking, and then answering, the question: What percentage of a given population needs to adopt a specific point of view before that viewpoint becomes accepted by the population at large? Here is the answer presented in language that only a social scientist could love: We show how the prevailing majority opinion in a population can be rapidly reversed by a small fraction p of randomly distributed committed agents who consistently proselytize the opposing opinion and are immune to influence. Specifically, we show that when the committed fraction grows beyond a critical value pc≈10%, there is a dramatic decrease in the time Tc taken for the entire population to adopt the committed opinion. 
Gabrielle DeMarco, writing two months later, helped readers to understand what RPI had just discovered: Take the see-saw as an example. One side is up. One side is down. Put the biggest kid on the playground on one side. That see-saw is going nowhere. Put a little kindergartner on the other end. Nothing happens. Keep adding on the kindergartners. The see-saw wiggles a bit, gives a little. But, when the pile of 5-year-olds reaches a certain point, that next tiny, seemingly insignificant kindergartener changes the entire schoolyard dynamic.The see-saw squeaks. The big kid is quickly hoisted into the air. The kindergartners stand triumphant. 
Margaret Mead said the same thing but differently: “Never doubt that a small group of thoughtful, committed citizens can change the world. Indeed, it’s the only thing that ever has.” 
According to RPI, the operative percentage is 10 percent. 
That’s why what one parent who is homeschooling her children at The Freedom Project Academy says is so important, and encouraging: NO Common Core, NO Government funding, NO worries about our children being taught revisionist history.… This begins the list of things for which we thank Freedom Project Education. Our home school family became an FPE family in 2012. We tried one class for our eldest child. He loved it. So did we. Our two eldest are now enjoying their second year as full-time FPE students. Next year, two more siblings will join them. We plan to have all eight of our children graduate from FPE. 
Each of those eight students is much more likely to participate in politics than are those who haven’t been educated in such an environment. According to the U.S. Census Bureau, young people ages 18 to 24 in general vote far less than their older peers, yet homeschoolers are far more active. According to a study done as the homeschooling movement was spooling up, the National Home Education Research Institute found that 71 percent of adults who had been homeschooled participate in an ongoing community service activity compared with just 37 percent of adults with a public-school background. The study went on: Homeschool graduates are more involved in civic affairs and vote in much higher percentages than their peers. 76% of those surveyed between the ages of 18 and 24 voted within the last five years, compared with only 29% of the corresponding U.S. populace. The numbers are even greater in older age groups, with voting levels not falling below 95%, compared with a high of 53% for the corresponding U.S. populace. 
The passage of time hasn’t changed those numbers very much, nor has the motivation of parents homeschooling their children. Jennifer Courtney, writing at ClassicalConversations.com, did an informal survey of some 70 homeschool families, asking them why they homeschooled their children. The top three reasons were: religion, safety, and the quality of their education. Wrote Courtney: “Parents who homeschool often want to set higher standards for their children, choose quality curriculum, or have the flexibility to work at a faster pace in the subjects in which their students excel.” 
As those increasing numbers enter the culture, the closer comes that “tipping point” where real restoration of the savaged American Republic can begin, YouTube videos to the contrary notwithstanding. 

An Ivy League graduate and former investment advisor, Bob is a regular contributor to The New American magazine and blogs frequently at LightFromTheRight.com, primarily on economics and politics. He can be reached at This email address is being protected from spambots. You need JavaScript enabled to view it. .",0
15083,The Latest Dirt on the Clinton Foundation,"PLEASE SUBSCRIBE TO OUR YOUTUBE CHANNEL AND DON’T FORGET TO “LIKE” US 
This is the absolute best in food storage. Dave Hodges is a satisfied customer. Don’t wait until it is too late. Click Here for more information.",0
15084,"Red Bull Boss Slams Mass Migration, Forced Multiculturalism in Europe - Breitbart","In a rare interview, Red Bull boss and Austria’s richest man Dietrich Mateschitz has slammed mass migration and political correctness, warning they threaten to destroy Europe’s true cultural diversity. [Speaking to Kleine Zeitung, the Formula 1 investor called the decision of key politicians to open the borders  —   which resulted in Europe’s migration crisis  —   “unpardonable” noting that “if a company were to make mistakes on the same scale, it would have gone broke”. Highlighting the “hypocrisies” of what he called the “refugees welcome brigade” with regards to migration, Mateschitz said: “I am talking about the fact that none of the people shouting ‘refugees welcome’ or [Chancellor Angela Merkel’s famous phrase] ‘we can do it’ were preparing their own guest rooms or tents in their gardens to accommodate half a dozen migrants. “Even then it was clear to everyone that most of the people [arriving in the continent] did not correspond to the definition of the refugee. In any case, not the Geneva Convention”. In the interview, Mateschitz took a stand against the “destabilisation of Europe” which he said threatens the “uniqueness of [the continent’s] diversity and individuality with its different cultures and languages”. “I hope I’m not the only one who’s worried that one of the highest officials in Brussels said that countries which aren’t multicultural should be wiped off the map” Mateschitz told the newspaper, possibly alluding to comments made by European Commission   Frans Timmermans in 2015. “Any society, anywhere in the world, will be diverse in the future  —   that’s the future of the world,” Timmermans said, demanding that Eastern and Central EU nations undergo similar demographic transitions to Western Europe. Of political correctness, Mateschitz said: “It seems that no one dares to tell the truth, even if everyone knows what the truth is. ”“The elites want citizens to be frightened, and easily manipulated,” he added.  The Red Bull founder said he sees numerous problems plaguing the European Union (EU) the architects of whom he fingered as belonging to a “  intellectual elite” with nothing to contribute to the continent. “Policies which are steeped in political correctness have been imposed in the name of a     intellectual elite who have nothing to contribute to our country neither economically nor culturally despite their best intentions,” he said. Mateschitz also poured scorn on how Russia has been framed as the EU’s nemesis by large parts of the media and Western liberal establishment, telling Kleine Zeitung: “I do not need anyone to tell me who my enemies are. ”Criticising attempts to destroy the former Soviet superpower through economic sanctions, the Formula 1 investor pointed out that “for Europe as a whole [this policy] results in losing billions of Euros”. Challenged by the Austrian newspaper with the assertion that he too is an ‘elite’ Mateschitz hit back, describing himself as a “humanist” but “someone who basically opposes any dogma”. Speaking about banning the Islamic veil, a talking point in Austria currently, the Red Bull boss said: “I can’t bring myself to think that this is really a matter of any importance   …     It’s silly to make a political issue out of something like this when there are far more pressing matters. ”",0
15085,Hillary Steals The Presidency While Atlas Shrugs,"Financial Markets , Gold , Market Manipulation , U.S. Economy Banana Republic , Clinton Foundation , Hillary emails , Podesta emails , the rapture admin Must have been some kind of time/space warp while we slept last night… today Obama says if illegals vote they become a citizen and the NY Post headline is the Filipino maid who printed Hillary’s classified emails then Comey bails on 650,000 damning emails. F#%k me Dave, I feel like I’m on LSD. – email from a reader 
About 12 years ago I was chatting with the friend who dragged me feet-first into the “dark side” and the world of precious metals in 2001. We were discussing Eastman Kodak’s likely demise a few years before the Company went into the tank. We knew a 2008-type event was going to happen at some point. At the time, we said that eventually we would see events occur in this country that would blow our minds. Mind you, this was a couple years after Enron, 9/11 (which we knew was a Government false-flag operation), Bernie Madoff and the U.S.’ illegal invasion based on admitted (eventually) lies propagated by Colin Powell. 
I have to say, the way in which Hillary Clinton’s criminal organization has gained complete control over the political and justice system and the media in this country is truly mind-blowing. Hillary is a criminally insane sociopath. That point is unequivocally inarguable. But the true Devil in her organization is John Podesta, who’s persona has been made available to anyone willing to spend time reading just a portion of the “Podesta” emails given to us by Wikileaks. There are 691,200 seconds in 8 days. FBI Director Comey reviewed 650,000 emails in 8 days? An email per second? Americans aren’t stupid! – tweet from Bernard Kerik, ex-NYPD Commissioner 
If anyone knows about corrupt organizations, it’s an NYPD Commissioner – the NYPD being one of the most internally corrupt law enforcement organizations around. It’s great when ex-insiders blow the whistle on others when the agenda of those others do not fit that of the ex-insider’s “team.” 
The manner in which Jim Comey has folded is beyond stunning. I’m not sure there’s anyone who cares about this matter who believes that Comey was able to parse through over 650,000 emails in 8 days in order to determine that Hillary did not commit “intent” in her email escapades. 
Hillary’s email trail made available to the public is a fascinating trail of criminality. I doubt James Patterson, John Grisham and Robert Ludlum could combine resources and make up a crime tale as intriguing as Hillary’s. 
The evidence piling up against Hillary is breathtaking. According to the recently released Podesta emails, the Clinton Foundation has been used for everything except funding charitable causes, including paying for Chelsea’s wedding and funding Chelsea’s husband’s failed hedge fund. If I were not able to laugh at this insanity, I’d be suicidal… 
I think most Americans who are being honest with themselves are fully aware of the fact that Hillary Clinton is likely the most corrupt politician in U.S. history. If anything, the election of Hillary Clinton is a symptom that the end is near for the United States. 
I am convinced that we are at a pivotal moment in American history, and if the American people willingly choose Hillary Clinton it will be an indication that there is zero hope for the future of this nation. 
The above quote is an excerpt from a must-read essay written by Michael Snyder: I Just Lost All Faith In Our Deeply Corrupt Legal System… 
I urge everyone to read Snyder’s commentary.",0
15086,"Kellyanne Conway, CNN’s Chris Cuomo Clash Over Alleged Russian Hacking - Breitbart","Kellyanne Conway and @ChrisCuomo clash on known information about the Russian hacking. https:  .  Friday on CNN’s “New Day,” Trump adviser Kellyanne Conway took on show   Chris Cuomo over allegations the Russian government engaged in hacking to interfere with the last November’s presidential election.  Cuomo insisted   Donald Trump should acknowledge Russia’s role in the hacking. “Why won’t the   acknowledge what is so clear to the intelligence community, that Russia was involved in the hacks?” Cuomo said. Conway pointed out Trump has yet to receive his intelligence briefing on the matter, which is scheduled for later in the day. She also pointed out President Barack Obama could have done more to combat the hacking at the time Director of National Intelligence James Clapper had said the Russians were responsible and argued the current discussion about the hacking was meant to delegitimize Trump. “I really believe there are those out there  —   there are those out there that are trying to delegitimize his presidency, review the election results and you know it,” she said. “[W]e had a president of the United States in October who could have when Mr. Clapper said what he said, could have pushed back harder but did not because what was he doing? He and Hillary Clinton and all of their teams were absolutely believing that she was going to be the next president of the United States. ” Follow Jeff Poor on Twitter @jeff_poor",0
15087,The YMCA Just Offered Free Election Day Childcare So Everyone Can Vote,"Comments 
In exactly one week from today, millions of Americans will join a mass exodus to various polling places around the nation to select new city and state officials, mayors, judges, sheriffs, congressional representatives, and of course the next President of the United States. 
However, some find themselves locked out of the process not from a lack of desire to participate, but because they have responsibilities as parents and can not find the time, or the resources, to leave their offspring alone so that they may go to the ballot box. 
With lines at some polling stations reaching up to 5 to 8 hours during the primary a few months ago, in Arizona for example, voting can be rightly seen as out of reach for those who have more to do than stand around chewing the fat with their neighbors while they wait for their turn to pull a lever. 
The YMCA has offered to do their part to help alleviate some of this inconvenience by offering free child car services on election day. The USA President and CEO of the YMCA, Kevin Washington, issued this decree : 
“Election Day is arguably one of the most important days in the U.S. this year — the ultimate opportunity for Americans to make their voices heard through the democratic process. Unfortunately, many people who want to vote find it challenging because they have to take children with them. The Y’s hope is that Zoe’s Kids Day Out initiative enables those parents and caregivers to exercise their right to vote, and ensures children can spend their time in a safe, nurturing environment. 
Now not every single YMCA location across the nation is offering this fantastic service, so please be sure to check with your local chapter beforehand. 
While the YMCA deserves applause and recognition for their commitment to furthering American democracy through inclusion, what they are offering is a band-aid to a systemic problem. 
To correct this issue entirely the American people deserve election day to be a national holiday. Sen. Bernie Sanders (D-VT) proposed a bill to create “Democracy Day” which would codify into law the right for all Americans to have a day off to vote. Presently there are no legal requirements for employers to give their employees time off to vote, although hundreds of large corporations have voluntarily allowed their workers time to vote without fear of penalty or repercussion, but this is not enough. 
Only around 54% of eligible voters turned out to polling places in 2012, and that cannot be entirely blamed on voter apathy, but also on the reality that many do not have the time or resources to cast a ballot despite their deep desire to do participate in the democratic process. The American people deserve better, and our government must do more to ensure that everyone who wishes to vote has the ability to do exactly that.",0
15088,"It’s a Bird! No, It’s a Crocodile! Synchronized Swimming Themes Can Be Mystifying - The New York Times","RIO DE JANEIRO  —   Down in the pool, the Australian synchronized swimming duo was performing a     tour of the animals of the outback  —   kookaburras, emus, centipedes  —   to music from “Crocodile Dundee. ” In the stands, the American   duo of Ruth and Emily Thunstrum was trying to figure out what, exactly, was going on. “There was definitely a bird of some kind,” Emily said. “I think there was a crocodile,” Ruth answered. “You should know  —   you spent that time in Australia. ” You do not have to be from someplace other than Australia to be mystified by synchronized swimming, a sport that lies in the corner of the Twilight Zone where Kabuki opera meets advanced underwater survival. It may look as if the athletes are simply gesticulating emphatically, flinging themselves around in improbable aquatic configurations, and executing shockingly complex leg movements while upside down and not breathing. But that’s not the half of it. Each synchro routine also has an elaborate theme, and each theme must be conveyed with grace, precision and dramatically relevant facial gestures, as well as moves like the catalina rotation (rotate your body while holding your leg,   in the air) and the vertical descent (descend, straight upside down, until your toes are submerged). The athletes also have to do each move at the same time and make it seem fun and not hard at all, even when they are heaving, hypoxic and about to pass out. Judged for their artistic as well as athletic skills, synchro swimmers put considerable effort into their themes and choreography. The stories can celebrate a nation’s history and culture evoke classic tales, ballets, songs and myths mimic natural phenomena or abstract principles and, in the case of “Fury,” the American duo’s free routine theme in Rio, convey a mood itself. Sometimes the themes are obvious and careworn: Every competition seems to include at least one “Swan Lake” (hello, Austria). They can also be hideously ill conceived. In 1996, for instance, the French synchro team picked an unusual subject for the Olympics: the Holocaust. The routine began with the athletes   on the deck like Nazis and ended with them being rounded up and sent to the (figurative) gas chamber in the pool. After an international outcry, the team switched to a different topic, although its trainer, Odile Petit, tried to argue that the routine was no more offensive than the one “depicting torture in Chile” performed by the national   team. One strange feature of the sport is that despite all the attention lavished on the themes, even the judges cannot always work out what they are. “Not all the judges get the story,” said Irene Hawes, a longtime synchro judge. Take the “Firebird” suite by Stravinsky, she said. “There’s the phoenix rising and the battle and all that. A lot of people don’t know that. ” She continued, “I remember one routine was meant to be a tumbleweed, and the athletes were rolling along the deck, and people were wondering what they were doing. ” She figured it out, she said, only when the competition ended and “the country handed out a flier. ” Still, synchro athletes said, the narratives help both them and the spectators. “It’s much more interesting to watch a routine that has a specific theme in it,” said Bianca Hammett, captain of the Australian synchro team. She said the team’s free routine was “a journey through the unique flora and fauna of Australia. ” It features both the obvious (crocodiles: athletes’ legs snapping open and shut) and the not. “We have a lizards’ dance party,” Hammett said. “We put our hands near our heads, like we’re mimicking lizards. ” Many synchro teams pick themes celebrating their countries. The Spanish duo in Rio is doing a Flamenco routine while the Brazilians are depicting natural life in the Amazon. Britain is representing snakes (always popular, because of their watery sinuousness) the Kazakhs, ravens. The Swiss theme is “Orient bazaar,” whatever that means, while the French, with renewed Gallic ambition, have selected “Africa. ” The Russians, who almost always win, are modestly pretending to be mermaids. Another challenge: The choreography has to fit the music. “If you used a ballet but did, like,   movements, we would see it as strange,” Hawes said. “Same thing if it has a crescendo and you’re doing absolutely nothing but laying on your back. If it has a winding type of sound, which wants spinning, and you’re doing marches  —   these are factors. ” Every judge has pet peeves. Many people at the 2012 London Games did not care for Canada’s team program, which looked more like an Esther Williams extravaganza than a sports routine and which Hawes denounced as “gross. ” “It had to do with their headgear  —   large swimming caps covered with plastic flowers  —   their extreme facial moves, and the spitting of water,” Hawes said. As for Linda Loehndorf, another judge  —   spare her the circus programs. “It’s like, ugh,” she said. “I get it. You’re a clown. You don’t need to stick your tongue out at me. ” And then there are particularly memorable performances. Last year, for instance, China unveiled an electrifying routine that at first seemed destined for cliché corner. “I thought, Oh, jeez, not that again  —   ‘The Phantom of the Opera,’” Loehndorf said. “It’s something you hear over and over again. But they managed to tell the whole story in four and a half minutes, and I got it completely. It was a     sort of thing. ” And people still speak with awe about Spain’s daring 2009 performance to “Stairway to Heaven,” the cryptic song that launched a thousand sweaty slow dances. For those who have long been made to wonder, the team’s interpretation of the always challenging “bustle in your hedgerow” lyric offered as plausible an explanation as any. There was a line of athletes lying    in the water, arms and legs stretched out, possibly like a hedge wearing a selection of bathing suits there were two athletes off to the side, performing what was surely a bustle. “It was gorgeous,” Loehndorf said.",0
15089,Trump: Hillary Clinton may be 'most corrupt person ever' to run for president,"Email 
Donald Trump’s campaign debuted a dark new attack ad on Tuesday, looking to further its portrayal of Hillary Clinton as a corrupt politician and doubling down on allegations that she grew wealthy through “pay-to-play politics.”The TV spot hits Clinton, the Democratic presidential nominee, on controversies related to her family’s foundation, stating that “staggering amounts of cash poured into the Clinton Foundation from criminals, dictators, countries that hate America” and that “Hillary cut deals for donors.” 
Clinton’s charitable foundation has faced intense scrutiny this election over concerns about possible conflicts of interest because it took in money from corporations and foreign governments. Clinton has repeatedly denied, however, that her work as secretary of state was compromised by the foundation’s work or that she gave any special privileges to its donors.The Clintons have also said that the foundation, which contributes to AIDS relief abroad, among other charitable causes, will cease taking money from corporations and foreign governments if she is elected president.Still, the ad from the Republican nominee claims that Clinton “sold out American workers, exploited Haitians in need, she even gave American uranium rights to the Russians.”“Hillary Clinton only cares about power, money and herself,” its voice over concludes.The advertisement is another instance of Trump, an embattled candidate in an already divisive race, going on the offensive as the presidential campaign enters its final weeks. As Trump trails in the polls and high-profile Republicans abandon him, he has attacked Clinton and her husband’s character, going so far as to bring women who had accused Bill Clinton of sexual misconduct to watch the second debate in St. Louis last weekend.Some Republicans had called for him to drop out of the race after a 2005 recording emerged showing him bragging about sexual assault last week. But, attacking even Republican establishment figures like Speaker Paul Ryan and Arizona Sen. John McCain, Trump has promised to plow forward, and some observers suggest he has little to lose.“It is so nice that the shackles have been taken off me and I can now fight for America the way I want to,” he tweeted on Tuesday.",0
15090,"Ann Coulter: Lassie, Come Home","War is like crack for presidents. It confers instant gravitas, catapulting them to respectability, bypassing all station stops. They get to make macho pronouncements on a topic where every utterance is seen as august. [On the other hand, Trump’s Syrian misadventure is immoral, violates every promise he ran on, and could sink his presidency.  Left to his own devices, uncontaminated by Washington   Trump gets it right. Back in 2013, when President Obama was being egged on to attack Syrian President Bashar   in response to an alleged chemical weapons attack far more sweeping than this latest one, Trump tweeted:  —   Aug. 29, 2013: “What will we get for bombing Syria besides more debt and a possible long term conflict? Obama needs Congressional approval. ”  —   Aug. 31, 2013: “Be prepared, there is a small chance that our horrendous leadership could unknowingly lead us into World War III. ”  —   Sept. 1, 2013: “If the U. S. attacks Syria and hits the wrong targets, killing civilians, there will be worldwide hell to pay. Stay away and fix broken U. S. ” On the campaign trail, Trump repeatedly stated that he had no interest in starting “World War III over Syria,” saying, “We have bigger problems than Assad. ” His policy position was: “Let Syria and ISIS fight. I look at Assad  —   and Assad looks better than the other side. ” Trump was right on every point. Assad is one of the least bad leaders in the entire Middle East. He’s not a murderous thug like Saddam, has no rape rooms, isn’t into jihad, protects Christians, and is fighting ISIS. He provided us with intelligence on   after  . He does not have crazy Islamic police slapping women around or throwing gays off buildings. (That would be our beloved ally, Saudi Arabia.) Trump was also correct about Assad’s opponents being far worse, containing large helpings of both ISIS and  . As awful as it was to see those dead children, Trump knew that America’s first duty is to our own children. We have never succeeded at turning a Third World dictatorship into a paradise. The history of these things is that removing a Middle Eastern strongman always makes things worse  —   for example, in Iran, Iraq, Libya, and Egypt. We leap in, thinking we’re helping the poor devils under the thumb of a dictator  —   and then the new tribe takes over and oppresses everyone else, usually much more brutally, while hating us even more than the old tribe did. If voters wanted more Middle Eastern wars, there were plenty of other candidates offering that: Marco Rubio, Lindsey Graham, Carly Fiorina, and Hillary Clinton, for example. And we must never forget Jeb! though it proved surprisingly easy to do so in 2016. But we picked Trump. While most of the left wailed about the return of Nazi Germany under Trump, savvier liberals saw his vulnerability: flattery. All we have to do is praise him! You’ll be shocked at how easy it is. And, boy, did they lay it on thick with the Syrian misadventure. No sucker’s bait was left on the floor. Cable news hosts gushed, “Trump became president of the United States tonight!” On MSNBC, Brian Williams called the bombing “beautiful” three times in less than a minute. Sen. Lindsey Graham (one of the “women of the Senate,” according to Justice Ruth Bader Ginsburg) compared Trump to Reagan. The New York Times headlined an article, “On Syria Attack, Trump’s Heart Came First. ” My nightmare scenario: Trump and Jared watching TV together and  : DID YOU SEE THE NEWS! THEY LOVE YOU! All Trump had to do was pointlessly bomb another country, and it was as if a genie had granted his every wish. Looking for some upside to this fiasco, desperate Trump supporters bleated that bombing Assad had sent a message to North Korea. Yes, the message is: The Washington establishment is determined to manipulate the president into launching counterproductive military strikes. Our enemies  —   both foreign and domestic  —   would be delighted to see our broken country further weaken itself with pointless wars. Was America strengthened by the Iraq War? The apparently   Afghanistan War? Vietnam? This is how great powers die, which is exactly what the left wants. Administration policy was heading in the wrong direction at 90 mph, but thank God, Trump seems to have grabbed the steering wheel and hit the brakes. Notwithstanding the hopes and dreams of Clausewitzian military strategist Nikki Haley, we will not be engaging in regime change in Syria or starting World War III with Russia today. We want the “president of America” back  —   not “the president of the world. ”",0
15091,"Chechen Authorities Arresting and Killing Gay Men, Russian Paper Says - The New York Times","MOSCOW  —   First, two television reporters vanished. Then a waiter went missing. Over the past week, men ranging in age from 16 to 50 have disappeared from the streets of Chechnya. On Saturday, a leading Russian opposition newspaper confirmed a story already circulating among human rights activists: The Chechen authorities were arresting and killing gay men. While abuses by security services in the region, where Russia fought a   war against Islamic insurgents, have long been a stain on President Vladimir V. Putin’s human rights record, gay people had not previously been targeted on a wide scale. The men were detained “in connection with their nontraditional sexual orientation, or suspicion of such,” the newspaper, Novaya Gazeta, reported, citing Russian federal law enforcement officials, who blamed the local authorities. By Saturday, the paper reported, and an analyst of the region with her own sources confirmed, that more than 100 gay men had been detained. The newspaper had the names of three murder victims, and suspected many others had died in extrajudicial killings. A spokesman for Chechnya’s leader, Ramzan Kadyrov, denied the report in a statement to Interfax on Saturday, calling the article “absolute lies and disinformation. ” “You cannot arrest or repress people who just don’t exist in the republic,” the spokesman, Alvi Karimov, told the news agency. “If such people existed in Chechnya, law enforcement would not have to worry about them, as their own relatives would have sent them to where they could never return,” Mr. Karimov said. The sweep, like so much else in Russian politics today, was entangled in the country’s troubled politics of street activism. It began, Novaya Gazeta reported, after a   gay rights group, GayRussia. ru, applied for permits to stage gay pride parades in four cities in Russia’s predominantly Muslim North Caucasus region, of which Chechnya is a part. The group had not focused on the Muslim areas. It had been applying for permits for gay parades in provincial cities around Russia, and collecting the inevitable denials, in order to build a case about gay rights and freedom of assembly with the European Court of Human Rights, in Strasbourg, France. It had applied to more than 90 municipal governments. Nikolai Alekseev, a gay rights activist coordinating this effort, told Novaya Gazeta he had chosen this tactic rather than staging risky, unsanctioned gay parades. The group had not applied for a permit in Chechnya, but in another Muslim region in southern Russia,  . The mere application there  —   denied, as usual  —   had prompted an   counterdemonstration. In the restive Muslim regions, Mr. Putin has empowered local leaders to press agendas of traditional Muslim values, to   an Islamist underground. The gay pride parade applications became a galvanizing issue. “In Chechnya, the command was given for a ‘prophylactic sweep’ and it went as far as real murders,” Novaya Gazeta reported. According to the report, the authorities set to finding and arresting closeted gay men, partly by posing as men looking for dates on social networking sites. “Of course, none of these people in any way demonstrated their sexual orientation publicly  —   in the Caucasus, this is equal to a death sentence,” the newspaper wrote of those detained in the sweep. “I got numerous, numerous signals,” about the sweep of gay men, said Ekaterina L. Sokiryanskaya, Russia project coordinator for the International Crisis Group, and an authority on the North Caucasus. “It came from too many sources not to be true. ” Gay men have begun deleting online accounts, or fleeing the region. One user of Vkontakte, a Russian social networking site, wrote that a    boy had been detained in a village in Chechnya. He returned days later, according to the post, “all beaten, just a sack with bones. ” The newspaper published contact information to aid men wanting to leave Chechnya for relatively more tolerant parts of Russia. But reaching communities of closeted gay men in the remote mountain region poses challenges. “Even delivering the information is very difficult,” Ms. Sokiryanskaya, who is familiar with the aid effort, said. “They are just small islands, isolated. ”",0
15092,Donald Trump’s New York Times Interview in 12 Tweets - The New York Times,"  Donald J. Trump met on Tuesday with journalists from the newsroom and opinion staff at The New York Times. Several reporters, news editors and opinion writers used Twitter to report live on the interview with Mr. Trump. Here are highlights of the significant answers Mr. Trump gave in the   interview. Many were tweeted by Maggie Haberman, a political reporter who covered Mr. Trump’s campaign, and Michael M. Grynbaum, a media reporter for The Times. “I don’t want to hurt the Clintons, I really don’t,” Mr. Trump said. “She went through a lot and suffered greatly in many different ways. ” He also said that it could be argued that the Clinton Foundation had done “good work. ” As The Times reported shortly after the election, “Mr. Trump told Mrs. Clinton at the second presidential debate that if elected, he would instruct his attorney general ‘to get a special prosecutor to look into your situation because there has never been so many lies, so much deception.’ ” His reversal has already provoked a backlash among some of his supporters, something he said Tuesday he did not expect to happen. Mr. Trump was referring to James N. Mattis, a retired Marine Corps general who headed United States Central Command, who is under consideration to head the Department of Defense. The Times most recently covered General Mattis on Monday, noting that he “oversaw military operations in the Middle East and Southwest Asia from 2010 to 2013,” but “had his tour cut short by the Obama administration, which believed he was too hawkish on Iran. ” Here are two Times articles about the conference, which took place on Saturday in Washington. “It’s not a group I want to energize, and if they are energized, I want to look into it and find out why,” Mr. Trump said in the interview on Tuesday. Mr. Trump’s appointment of Stephen K. Bannon, a nationalist media mogul who is the former head of Breitbart News, to a top White House position, had elicited fierce criticism. The Times profiled Mr. Bannon when he was named to be Mr. Trump’s campaign chief in August. Asked by the   columnist Thomas L. Friedman about whether he thought human activity was linked to climate change, Mr. Trump said: “I think there is some connectivity. Some, something. It depends on how much. ” But while acknowledging the connection, he said in response to questions about the warming climate that he was thinking about “how much it will cost our companies. ” Mr. Trump’s statements were a turn away from assertions that   climate change was a “hoax,” something that he later claimed never to have said. Mr. Trump was acknowledging a recent meeting with the British politician Nigel Farage, in which, The Times reported, he “encouraged Mr. Farage and his entourage to oppose the kind of offshore wind farms that Mr. Trump believes will mar the pristine view from one of his two Scottish golf courses. ” He was referring to Senator Kelly Ayotte, a Republican who was unseated by New Hampshire’s governor, Maggie Hassan, a Democrat. Ms. Ayotte had turned against Mr. Trump late in the campaign, saying that she misspoke when she called him a role model. The “Heck” he’s referring to is Representative Joe Heck, a Republican who was defeated in Nevada by Catherine Cortez Masto, his Democratic challenger. Pressed about his business interests, Mr. Trump also said, “In theory I could run my business perfectly and then run the country perfectly. ” As The Times reported over the weekend, recent meetings that Mr. Trump has held have suggested that he may keep up his business ties. “The law’s totally on my side,” Mr. Trump said. “The president can’t have a conflict of interest. ” “He said very nice things after the meeting and I said very nice things about him,” Mr. Trump said of President Obama, adding that “I think he’s looking to do absolutely the right thing for the country in terms of transition. ” Here’s our article on the cordial   meeting in the Oval Office. Ms. Haberman was referring to Jared Kushner, Mr. Trump’s    who has been one of the  ’s closest advisers. (PEOTUS is an abbreviation for   of the United States.) The Times reported Saturday  that Mr. Kushner, an Orthodox Jew, “has emerged as the closest thing to a steadying influence” in Mr. Trump’s circle. Mr. Kushner has arranged important meetings for Mr. Trump, including one with Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu of Israel, and has sought out the advice of foreign policy experts including Henry Kissinger. “I would love to be the one who made peace with Israel and the Palestinians, that would be such a great achievement,” Mr. Trump said. The final tweet is  .",0
15093,Forget Your Encyclopaedia Get the Pokiespedia,"Home | Win | Forget Your Encyclopaedia Get the Pokiespedia Forget Your Encyclopaedia Get the Pokiespedia By Don Partridge 09/11/2016 10:27:21 
SYDNEY – Australia – What the hell are Pokies? Well, they’re something the antipodean folks down under like to call the slots. 



If you’re ever in Australia and you wander into a watering hole somewhere in the Outback or in a city, you’ll chance upon a pokie, and that’s when the fun starts. You feed your money into that machine whilst you’re plastered out of your skull on Aussie nectar, and you wake up the next day, not only with a raging headache, but a bucket full of cash, or if you’re an unlucky bugger, nothing. 
But you don’t have to be in the land of Oz to play the pokies, you can be anywhere when you play them online. 
So what sort of games can you encounter playing the pokies? 
Different types, all sorts, and the good ol’ classics. 
Classic – Classic slots are great if you can still find ’em. They only have one payline, although the classic games you find these days may not be limited to only one line. 
Multiple Payline – Multiple payline games are all over the place and you can find games from 3 to 50 paylines. By activating more paylines with more coins you bet the more opportunities you will have for creating a winning combination and hitting the payload. 
Feature – Features pokies come with special symbols that increase your chances. Features include wild symbols, scatter symbols, multipliers and jackpot symbols. Racking up a load of symbols in certain combinations can get you some serious wonga. 
Bonus – Bonus slots are a real find, because it’s like a game within a game. You may be chugging along, and hit a bonus, then you win more cash, and you continue the game and win even more cash. What’s not to like in a Bonus pokie? 
Progressive – Progressive slots, no we’re not talking about socialists, they are in fact a popular category of online casino games. As the name suggests the more you progress into the game the more your jackpot grows. The progression index can be activated by any number of factors, but getting a payout from these machines is a real bonus as your jackpot can be huge, monstrous, enormous! 
Unique – You have a favourite film character, film or theme? There’s probably a pokie for that. These pokies are branded to specific films or brands, and all have unique features to their game play. Best way to find out what they do is play them. 
Rules of the Game 
First things first, there are no specific rules, play for free online, but most of all play for fun. Go to www.pokiespedia.com to get a feel for which games you like and then keep on playing. 
It’s a simple way of making some good money, choose the size of your bet, press the button and you’re away on a roll. As outlined above, there are many different types of pokies, and it’s up to your preference which ones you think is the best. 
Playing online is also a discreet way of playing the pokies, you could be in your pyjamas or lying on a deck chair on the beach, it’s a fantastic way of dealing out some chance. You could even be pretending to talk to your wife whilst having fun on the pokies, and if she gets angry that you’re not listening to her, just nod your head in agreement, or better still, get her to join in. 
There’s nothing like feeling really alive, the thrill of playing the pokies, yes, it’s a game of chance, but there is skill there too, and you can literally play it anywhere. 
Go on..",0
15094,"Sears and Its Hedge Fund Owner, in Slow Decline Together - The New York Times","Hedge funds have been failing over the last year at the fastest rate since the financial crisis in 2008. Some crashed and burned after sudden reversals. Others quietly liquidated. Then there’s Edward S. Lampert’s ESL Investments. It hasn’t failed, but may be setting a benchmark for slow, painful declines thanks to its outsize,   bet on two venerable retailers, Sears and Kmart. Last week, Sears Holdings, the parent company, said what was becoming increasingly obvious to most investors, not to mention anyone who’s been in a Sears store lately: “Substantial doubt exists related to the company’s ability to continue as a going concern. ” Sears said that the statement reflected a new, more stringent accounting rule, and that the company was in no imminent danger of bankruptcy. “We are a viable business that can meet its financial and other obligations for the foreseeable future,” said Jason Hollar, Sears’s chief financial officer. Still, coming after seven straight years of huge losses, the announcement seems a milestone on a road that has only one likely end. “It takes a retailer like Sears a long time to die,” said Greg Melich, senior managing director and head of consumer research for Evercore, and the last Wall Street analyst still covering Sears. “It’s been burning through over a billion dollars in cash every year. That’s not sustainable. ” Sears Holdings has long been ESL’s largest investment, along with other Sears assets Mr. Lampert spun off, such as the struggling Lands’ End. (The two holdings accounted for nearly half the fund’s holdings at the end of the year, according to its most recent securities filings.) Sears Holdings shares were $162 in 2006 this week they were barely above $11. Few hedge fund managers have been as celebrated as Mr. Lampert in his heyday, which now appears to be the  . Mr. Lampert was a Wall Street wunderkind, a Goldman Sachs intern whose intellect, ingratiating personality and prodigious work ethic attracted the patronage of some of America’s most prominent and successful investors: Robert Rubin, Mr. Lampert’s mentor at Goldman Richard Rainwater, who invested for the billionaire Bass brothers before starting his own firm and David Geffen, the billionaire entertainment mogul. Mr. Lampert was 25 years old and at the vanguard of the hedge fund movement when he founded ESL in 1988 with $28 million in seed money from Mr. Rainwater. Just three years later, he was the subject of a   profile in The Wall Street Journal. He reaped even more publicity after he was kidnapped at gunpoint in 2003 and held hostage in a Days Inn before talking his way to freedom. By 2004, ESL’s spectacular 29 percent annualized returns landed him on the cover of Businessweek magazine. Besides Mr. Rainwater and Mr. Geffen, his   investors included Michael Dell, members of the Ziff publishing family and Thomas J. Tisch, a philanthropist and heir to the Tisch family fortune. In 2006, Forbes ranked him No. 67 on its list of the 400 richest Americans, with a net worth of $3. 8 billion, a few notches ahead of another retailing executive, Jeff Bezos of Amazon. He was widely hailed as another Warren Buffett, only perhaps even smarter. “Eddie is one of the extraordinary investors of our age, if not the most extraordinary,” Mr. Tisch told Businessweek. No one compares Mr. Lampert to Mr. Buffett anymore. His   investors are, for the most part, long gone. Mr. Tisch, who’s also a director of Sears, is described as steadfastly loyal. Steven Mnuchin, Mr. Lampert’s roommate at Yale and now Treasury secretary, disclosed last year that he had a $26 million investment in ESL. (Mr. Mnuchin said he would divest the position.) Notably, a group of Goldman Sachs clients who had invested $3. 5 billion in 2007 bailed out of the fund in 2013. Their exit “pretty much says it all” as far as investor confidence in Mr. Lampert goes, Mr. Melich said. Where did someone as smart, successful and   as Mr. Lampert go wrong? His initial concept to combine two iconic but deeply distressed retailers  —   Kmart and Sears  —   initially appealed to many investors as a classic investment in undervalued, poorly managed assets in the Warren Buffett style. But Mr. Buffett doesn’t personally manage his portfolio companies. Several former Lampert investors told me that Mr. Lampert’s fundamental mistake was one common to many   hedge fund managers: hubris, and the belief that investment prowess would translate into management skill. “He was a very successful investor before he took over Kmart and Sears,” said Mark Cohen, former chief executive of Sears Canada and a professor at Columbia Business School, where he’s the director of retail studies. (Mr. Cohen left Sears Canada before Mr. Lampert arrived.) “He seemed to think he was smarter than anyone in the retail business, but he had no idea how to run the company from Day 1,” Mr. Cohen said. “One thing I teach is that core competencies are the basis for success or failure. Lampert had no experience in retail, and no management competency whatsoever. ” Sears and other    retail chains, of course, have been battered over the last decade by forces beyond Mr. Lampert’s control, especially the rise of internet retailing. Mr. Lampert claims to have foreseen the trend. If so, he’s had scant success carrying out a strategy to deal with it. His one consistent approach over the years has been to cut costs drastically. Initially, it seemed to work, increasing cash flow and earnings. “There’s a philosophy to that,” Mr. Melich said, but Sears “grossly underinvested in areas that proved to be very relevant to the future of merchandising, such as multichannel retailing. ” He pointed to the contrast between Sears and Home Depot, whose shares have nearly tripled in the last five years, despite the internet and competition from Amazon. Mr. Lampert has shown more prowess as a financial engineer, and has seemingly squeezed Sears’s once formidable assets for every penny of value through a continuing series of asset sales, spinoffs, dividend payouts and loans secured by Sears assets. Mr. Lampert has emphasized that because he is Sears’s largest shareholder, his interests are aligned with other Sears shareholders. But the perception persists that many of these deals have benefited Mr. Lampert more than shareholders, since he’s often on both sides of the transactions. Over the last two years alone, Mr. Lampert and ESL have extended Sears over $800 million in loans secured by Sears assets  —   nearly   as much as Sears’s entire market capitalization of $1. 2 billion. That makes Mr. Lampert and ESL the largest Sears creditors, giving them vastly different interests than most shareholders. (ESL Investments holds 48 percent of Sears Holdings’s equity and 32 percent of its total   debt.) As creditors, they could end up owning Sears if it reorganizes in bankruptcy, while other Sears shareholders would be wiped out. Last month, Mr. Lampert and the Sears board agreed to pay $40 million to settle a shareholder lawsuit claiming that Sears’s sale and   of much of its most valuable real estate to a real estate investment trust  —   43 percent owned by Mr. Lampert and his ESL hedge fund  —   was a blatant conflict of interest that harmed Sears shareholders. Sears has denied any wrongdoing and said it had settled the suit merely to avoid “protracted litigation. ” Mr. Lampert “has stripped Sears of its assets,” Mr. Cohen said. “It’s the longest liquidation in retail history. His reputation in the retail community is that he’s a financial pirate. ” Like most hedge fund managers, Mr. Lampert continues to get a management fee no matter how poorly the fund’s assets perform. Still, Sears’s travails and their impact on ESL’s results have clearly taken a toll on Mr. Lampert’s own fortunes. Although Mr. Lampert probably shows substantial gains on his original investment in Sears and Kmart, “he and ESL investors can’t have fared very well over the past six or seven years,” Mr. Melich said. Mr. Lampert remains one of the country’s richest people. He owns lavish homes in Greenwich, Conn. Aspen, Colo. and Miami as well as a   yacht, Fountainhead, named after the Ayn Rand novel (Mr. Lampert is a devotee of the author). Last year Forbes ranked him tied for No. 309 on its annual list of the 400 richest Americans, with a net worth of $2. 3 billion. But that’s a     dollars less than Forbes estimated back in 2006. Since then, Mr. Bezos has vaulted to No. 2 on the Forbes list, just behind Bill Gates, with a net worth of $67 billion. Had Mr. Lampert simply put his fortune in a stock market index fund rather than gaining control of Sears and Kmart, he would have fared far better. Through a spokesman, Mr. Lampert declined to comment. Even his critics concede that Mr. Lampert has been stubbornly consistent, refusing to throw in the towel on Sears even after years of deteriorating results. In a news release last week, he showed no signs of backing down, pledging yet another “fundamental restructuring” of Sears. His strategy? Cutting “at least $1 billion in costs on an annualized basis. ”",0
15095,Chris Bosh’s Desire to Play Leaves Heat at an Ethical Crossroads - The New York Times,"Chris Bosh, one of the top players in the N. B. A. has never caused trouble for his team, on or off the court. He has won two N. B. A. titles and been selected for the   Game 11 times. The Miami Heat, however, do not want him to step on the court for them this season, or perhaps ever again. In one of the strangest and most ethically challenging standoffs in sports history, Bosh and the Heat are locked in a dispute over whether he should be deemed medically fit to play after dealing with serious health problems. With training camp scheduled to start this week, Bosh says he is ready to go. The Heat say he is not. Bosh’s last two seasons have been cut short by blood clots. He has indicated that he has worked with a private physician to devise therapies that would allow him to play. The Heat are less certain. Bosh is owed about $76 million over the next three seasons whether he plays or not. So if the team is, in fact, looking out for Bosh’s welfare, it suggests an exception to what is perhaps a more common practice of pro sports franchises: pushing players to compete regardless of medical concerns. The Heat announced their conclusion, citing a medical exam, after Bosh’s recent emergence from a   cocoon of silence to wage a public battle with the team’s medical staff. Bosh has done several interviews with Uninterrupted  —   his former teammate LeBron James’s digital platform for athletes  —   in which he has sought to make his case. “Yeah, I’ll be there,” he said about training camp on a recent Uninterrupted podcast. “Will I be cleared? I don’t know. That’s out of my hands. I will play basketball in the N. B. A. I’m confident. ” People with blood clots typically take   medication, which is probably one of the most daunting hurdles for Bosh. Athletes who are on blood thinners are advised to avoid contact sports because of an increased chance of internal bleeding and other complications. Even an elbow to the ribs could cause significant damage, said Dr. David Forsh, the chief of orthopedic trauma at the Icahn School of Medicine at Mount Sinai in Manhattan. “There are a lot of risks,” he said. Bosh experienced his first known clotting problem in February 2015. He had cramps, spasms and shortness of breath, although he tried to hide his symptoms, he said. Bosh recalled one particular instance when he was in pain until 3 or 4 in the morning and the Heat were scheduled to face the Dallas Mavericks the next day. Bosh played because the Heat were already  . “Not the best thing to do,” Bosh said on the podcast. He added: “One thing about athletes  —   and I don’t know what it is about us  —   we ignore pain, or we try our best to ignore pain. And I think that’s one of the worst things you can possibly do. ” Bosh was eventually hospitalized, and tests revealed that a blood clot in his calf had traveled to his lungs, causing a pulmonary embolism  —   a problem that can be fatal. Bosh had surgery and spent nine days in a hospital. He lost 20 to 25 pounds, he said, and missed the final 30 games of the   season. Bosh has never publicly articulated his specific course of treatment, but he presumably took   drugs. He appeared in a television commercial for one such medication, Xarelto. Bosh was cleared by the Heat to return for the   season opener. He played well through the first half of the season, averaging 19. 1 points and 7. 4 rebounds per game before the   break. But a few days before the   Game, he awoke with a sore calf. He was soon found to have had a recurrence of blood clots. He met with team doctors, who told him that his season was over and that his career was probably finished, too, he said. “I felt right away that I was written off,” Bosh said in one of his interviews with Uninterrupted. He added, “If a doctor tells me, ‘Hey, that’s it, and this is how it is,’ and I don’t buy that, then I think I have the right to disagree with you. ” Bosh also alluded to the tension between himself and the Heat’s medical staff. “If you’re an athlete in this game, you have to protect your own interests, and you have to protect your body and your family,” Bosh said. “If one doctor is a doctor for 15 guys, who’s paying this guy?” He added, “If you’re paying a doctor through your pocket, your insurance  —   whatever that case may be  —   that changes their interest. ” It has mostly remained a   public tussle. The Heat, aside from sporadic statements, have not spoken in detail about Bosh’s medical situation, nor have team officials said what liability, if any, the franchise might have if something were to happen to Bosh on the court. The Heat’s president, Pat Riley, told reporters on Monday that Bosh’s career with the team “is probably over. ” “There is not a next step for us,” Riley said. “It’s pretty definitive for us in our position. ” The Heat declined interview requests for this article. The players’ union did not immediately return a call seeking comment. Samantha Brennan, a philosophy professor at Western University in London, Ontario, teaches a class on sports ethics that touches on the role of team doctors and the conflicts of interest that can arise  —   namely, clearing athletes to return to competition before they are ready. “That’s what makes the case involving Chris Bosh so unusual,” Brennan said, referring to the urge among teams to send players back onto the field. So what happens if an athlete, fully aware of the medical risks, insists on continuing to play? Does the team have a moral responsibility to look out for the athlete’s  ? In most cases, Brennan said, risk taking is left to the discretion of adults. The challenge with many athletes, she said, is that they have invested so much of themselves in their careers from an early age that it can cloud their judgment. “When they need to make a difficult decision, it puts them in a bind,” Brennan said. “It makes it very hard for them to say, ‘I’m ready to stop playing. ’” Ultimately, Brennan said, an athlete is an employee, and team officials have the power to do what they want. “So they’re making two kinds of decisions,” Brennan said, referring to the Heat. “One is an ethical decision about not wanting someone they know and care about  —   imagine if he died playing. They’re also making a   decision because they’re worried about injuries and liability. ” Dr. Jack Ansell, a professor of medicine at Hofstra Northwell School of Medicine on Long Island, said he knew of several athletes who had managed   problems by taking blood thinners between games and then allowing the medication to be flushed from their systems before they returned to competition. Ansell, a member and former chairman of the medical and scientific advisory board of the National Blood Clot Alliance, has not examined Bosh and has no specific knowledge of his case. But Ansell said he suspected that Bosh would need     therapy to prevent recurring clots and that the grueling schedule of the N. B. A. would make intermittent treatment difficult. “You’re playing games every two or three nights,” he said, “so there’s no real time off. ” Rebekah Bradford Plath, a speedskater who competed at the 2010 Winter Olympics, developed a pulmonary embolism in 2012. While still on   therapy, she resumed training. The risks were fairly minimal.   speedskating is a noncontact sport, although falls do happen Bradford Plath wore a helmet. “I do know that I probably made some of my teammates nervous when they were skating around me,” she said in a telephone interview. “Some of them understood the significance of what I was doing. But I trusted my ability, I trusted the ability of my teammates, and I felt comfortable and confident. ” Last year, after having knee surgery, Bradford Plath had a recurrence of blood clotting even though she was taking blood thinners at the time. After her physician increased the dosage, she said, the clot cleared. Bradford Plath, who still takes blood thinners when she travels on airplanes, continues to train with an eye on the 2018 Winter Olympics.",0
15096,The EU Circus from the Hague to Kiev: Will Europe bow down to migration?,"November 3, 2016 -  By Eduard Popov for Fort Russ - translated by J. Arnoldski -  


On November 1st, the news came from the Hague that the Netherlands, in exchange for ratifying the association agreement between Ukraine and the EU, could demand that the EU guarantee in writing that this agreement will not be the first step to making Ukraine a real member of the community. A bit earlier, the Dutch government stated that it had postponed the decision on agreeing to the EU-Ukraine association agreement. Moreover, in April, a referendum was held in which more than 60% of Dutch citizens voted against the EU-Ukraine agreement. All of the parliaments of the EU’s member countries have already ratified it, except the Netherlands. 
The ruling circles of the Netherlands are trying to circumvent the results of the nationwide referendum that put a barrier in the way of Ukraine’s path to the EU. Figuratively speaking, this is to slide between the Scylla of the Eurobureaucracy’s pressure and the Charybdis of the Dutch people’s opinion.  
Brussels is trying to pressure Russia by supporting Ukraine. Hence why the results of the Dutch referendum, which said “no” to Ukrainian Eurointegration, are of much more than mere local significance.  
The opinion of this Dutch people is the opinion of all the peoples of Europe who do not want to see such a problematic country of 40 million people - with war on its territory and a history of downing planes - in the European Union. But the Eurobureaucracy and European politicians, if necessary, will wipe their feet on the results of the people’s self-expression as long as the free trade zone between Ukraine and the EU is operating and benefiting only one side - the European exporters of finished products and European importers of raw materials. 
Even more recently, abolishing the anti-Russian sanctions was discussed in European capitals. However, the aggravation of antagonisms between the US and Russia in Syria has forced Europe’s Washington-dependent leaders to reconsider the fate of sanctions policy.  
Back in early July, in an interview published on Fort Russ, the Italian columnist Max Bonelli expressed skepticism over the prospects of the anti-Russian sanctions being abolished. His words sounded a discordant note for the Russian reader, since the belief prevails in Russia that the sanctions will soon be lifted, or at most prolonged for only half a year. After a series of interviews with prominent European experts, I became convinced that Bonelli’s opinion is correct. 
Alexander Gegalchiy, a well known activist of the Russian World in Czech Republic, even believes that European countries (especially Eastern European ones) could open the door for Ukrainian migration. In their opinion, this would be better than accepting refugees and pseudo-refugees from the Middle East. This dilemma calls for a different view on the possibility of a visa-free regime between Ukraine and the EU.  
Earlier, I categorically denied this possibility. But now, following my European partners, I’ve come to the conclusion that Europe could opt for this step. And not for a better life, as we say in Russia, but in order to avoid the greater evil of uncontrolled migration from the countries of the Middle East.  
Meanwhile, Turkey will probably not achieve its tactical goal of establishing a visa-free regime with the EU, as it has a population two times larger than Ukraine and is a strong power in political, military, and economic terms. And it is a country with a Muslim population. Europe, despite talk of tolerance, is afraid of Muslim migration and is not in a position to integrate even the Muslim community already living on its territory. Therefore, it is a paradox that weak Ukraine has greater chances of achieving a visa-free regime than strong Turkey. 
A visa-free regime is, of course, not membership in the EU, but is a significant step in the direction of Europe. If it is introduced, then the leaders of the Ukrainian state will have a major argument for propagandizing the successes of the “path to Europe.” Millions of Ukrainians will go to the EU (specifically Eastern European countries) and take the place of Muslim migrants. The EU could create obstacles on the ground level, but even so, the doors to Ukrainian migration will be open. I’ll repeat: this will not be a victory of Ukraine’s Eurointegrationists, but a necessary concession in the face of unpleasantries considered graver than those posed by Ukrainian migration. 

Relations between Russia and the EU are most likely to go downhill. The leader of the EU, Germany, in the face of Chancellor Angela Merkel, is literally coercing Europe to travel down the harmful path of anti-Russian sanctions and anti-Russian policies overall.  
This situation can only be changed by a simultaneous victory in several countries of more sane political forces, not necessarily pro-Russian, but pro-European. Next year, 2017, is election year in the locomotive countries of the EU - France and Germany. Will we see a sensation in these elections? I’m not sure, but there will be surprises for sure.  


     Follow us on Facebook!                                                   
                                                   

       Follow us on Twitter! 
                               

             Donate! 
",0
15097,Dr. Duke and Pastor Dankof on Trump’s America First Foreign Policy,"http://mediaarchives.gsradio.net/dduke/112316.mp3 
Dr. Duke and Pastor Dankof on Trump’s America First Foreign Policy 
Today Dr. Duke had Pastor Mark Dankof as his guest for the hour. They talked about Donald Trump’s appointments to his new cabinet. They gave low marks to Representative Mike Pompeo as the new CIA director for his past policy positions, although they noted his loyalty to Trump as a potential silver lining. They also panned Nikki Hailey as the UN ambassador, which however does allow Trump supporter Henry McMaster succeed her as South Carolina governor. 
The most hopeful prospect is Congresswoman Tulsi Gabbard from Hawaii, who is a potential secretary of state. She has supported Trump’s desire to reconcile with Russia, and has been the most vocal opponent in Congress of the Obama administration’s efforts to overthrow Syrian President Assad. Her appointment would go a long way towards wresting control of American foreign policy from Jewish neocons and putting America’s interests first again. 
This is another great show that you won’t want to miss. Please share it widely. 

Our show is aired live at 11 am replayed at ET 4pm Eastern and 4am Eastern.",0
15098,Donald Trump Vows to Rip Up Trade Deals and Confront China - The New York Times,"MONESSEN, Pa.  —   Donald J. Trump vowed on Tuesday to rip up international trade deals and start an unrelenting offensive against Chinese economic practices, framing his contest with Hillary Clinton as a choice between   nationalism and the policies of “a leadership class that worships globalism. ” Speaking in western Pennsylvania, Mr. Trump sought to turn the page on weeks of campaign turmoil by returning to a core set of economic grievances that have animated his candidacy from the start. He threatened to withdraw from the North American Free Trade Agreement and pledged to label China a currency manipulator and impose punitive tariffs on Chinese goods. He attacked Mrs. Clinton on her past support for the   Partnership, a trade pact negotiated by the Obama administration, and challenged her to pledge that she would void the agreement in its entirety. Noting that Mrs. Clinton had backed   agreements like Nafta in the past, Mr. Trump warned, “She will betray you again. ” At a rally later in the day in eastern Ohio, Mr. Trump attacked the   Partnership in more provocative terms, saying it was a “rape of our country. ” As a policy manifesto, Mr. Trump’s Pennsylvania speech was an attack on the economic orthodoxy that has dominated the Republican Party since World War II. It is an article of faith among establishment Republicans and allied groups like the U. S. Chamber of Commerce, which represents the interests of large corporations, that trade is good and more trade is better. Mr. Trump, by contrast, has made blistering attacks on trade his primary economic theme. In his address he rejected the standard view that countries benefit by importing goods, arguing that globalization helped “the financial elite,” while leaving “millions of our workers with nothing but poverty and heartache. ” It is a critique that has been leveled for years, mainly by a small group of liberal economists who have gained little traction even on the Democratic side. On Tuesday, Mr. Trump not only embraced their views, but also cited the work of the liberal Economic Policy Institute by name. Mr. Trump, as president, would have significant authority to raise trade barriers, and his speech Tuesday included his most detailed account to date of his plans to do so, saying that he would pull the United States from Nafta if Mexico and Canada did not agree to renegotiate it. But it is far from clear that any president has the power to reverse globalization. Under existing law, Mr. Trump could impose tariffs only on specific imports. The most likely effect would be to shift production to other   nations. Mr. Trump’s address opened his first   tour of the general election race. After he muddled around the political map since his last Republican rivals withdrew, and veered away from the campaign last week for a trip to Scotland, Mr. Trump’s tour this week through Pennsylvania and Ohio was the start of a concerted effort to carve a path to 270 electoral votes on daunting political terrain. The language and location of Mr. Trump’s speech encapsulated his aspirational strategy for the general election: His greatest source of support has been white   men, and his campaign hopes to compete in traditionally   states, like Pennsylvania and Michigan, to offset his deep unpopularity with Hispanic voters and women, which may put swing states like Florida and Colorado out of reach. Mr. Trump delivered his address at a steel plant in the heart of coal country, on a stage flanked by blocks of compressed steel wiring, aluminum cans and other metals. And for the second time in two weeks, he spoke carefully from a script. Aides to Mr. Trump, who has faced criticism throughout the race for factual exaggerations and outright falsehoods, circulated a copy of the speech with 128 footnotes documenting its claims. Still, Mr. Trump could not resist the occasional   line to skewer Mrs. Clinton or boast of his own achievements. He said, for example, that he had forced her to use the term “radical Islamic terrorism. ” And he took credit for pressuring Mrs. Clinton to oppose the   Partnership trade deal, though at the time she faced far greater pressure from a primary challenge on the left, from Senator Bernie Sanders of Vermont. Mr. Trump’s speech drew rebukes from two sides: The Clinton campaign attacked his credibility as a critic of free trade, and deployed Senator Sherrod Brown of Ohio, a populist Democrat who is viewed as a potential running mate for Mrs. Clinton, to accuse Mr. Trump of hypocrisy. “With all of his personal experience profiting from making products overseas, Trump’s the perfect expert to talk about outsourcing,” Mr. Brown said, reciting a list of Trump products, from suits to picture frames, that he said were made in other countries. “We know just in my state alone where Donald Trump could have gone to make these things,” he added. Mr. Trump also drew a cold response from traditionally   interests for his heated attacks on international trade agreements. The U. S. Chamber of Commerce, which spends millions of dollars in federal elections, almost entirely in support of Republican candidates, criticized Mr. Trump’s speech on Twitter and claimed that his policies would hurt the economy. “Even under   scenario, Trump’s tariffs would strip us of at least 3. 5 million jobs,” the group wrote in one Twitter message. For Mr. Trump, who has shifted and doubled back on   policy pronouncements, trade has been a rare area of consistency in the 2016 race. At nearly every campaign rally, Mr. Trump has knocked trade deals with China as unfair to the American worker so frequently as to make his percussive pronunciation of China a hallmark of impersonators. Mr. Trump appeared in his speech to   criticism from economists and business groups that have argued his policy proposals would lead to a damaging trade war with China and perhaps other countries. “We already have a trade war,” Mr. Trump told the crowd, departing from his prepared remarks. “And we’re losing, badly. ” Mr. Trump, who has struggled for months to win support from the conservative business community, also attended a   in West Virginia on Tuesday hosted by a coal executive, Robert E. Murray. It remains to be seen if Mr. Trump will stick closely to the   message he delivered in Pennsylvania. At an evening rally in eastern Ohio, he returned to a familiar set of   themes, calling for a wall on the Mexican border and reiterating his vow to waterboard Islamic State terrorists. But to win that state in November, Mr. Trump hopes to outflank Mrs. Clinton with economically distressed voters who may have voted Democratic in the past, and trade remains an issue that stirs up voters across party lines. In a nod to potential crossover voters, Mr. Trump at one point on Tuesday quoted Mr. Sanders by name in criticizing Mrs. Clinton. Though he dwelled at greatest length in Pennsylvania on what he described as the damaging economic consequences of globalization, Mr. Trump also laced his remarks with broader nationalist language, arguing that the United States would lose its sovereignty and national pride by negotiating too freely with the world. “They get the expansion. We get the joblessness,” Mr. Trump said of trade deals with foreign countries. “That’s the way it works  —   not going to happen anymore. ”",0
15100,Only Trump can save America now — if he can survive and follow in the footsteps of Vladimir Putin,"Other Writers LD : If Hillary Clinton becomes President, expect disaster. If Trump is elected, he will have to be smarter than Putin in order to survive. Never before in American history has a presidential candidate been surrounded by so many implacable enemies baying for his blood. . . . by THE SAKER “The United States is about to enter what might possibly be the deepest and most dangerous crisis of its history…. Maybe Trump will be the guy to bring down the Anglo-Zionist Empire in order to save the United States.” — The Saker 
Watching the last presidential debate was a rather depressing experience. I thought that Trump did pretty well, but that really is not the point here. The point is this: no matter who wins, an acute crisis is inevitable. Option one : Hillary wins 
Hillary would be Obama on steroids , only worse. 
Remember that Obama himself was Dubya, only worse. Of course, Dubya was just Clinton, only worse. Now the circle is closed. Back to Clinton. Except this time around, we have a woman who is deeply insecure, who failed at every single thing that she every tried to do, and who now has a three decades long record of disasters and failures. 
Even when she had no authority to start a war, she started one (told Bill to bomb the Serbs). Now she has that authority. And now she had to stand there, in front of millions of people, and hear Trump tell her “ Putin outsmarted you at every step of the way ” — did you see her frozen face when he said that? 
Trump is right. Putin did outsmart her and Obama, at every step. 
The problem is that now, after having a President with an inferiority complex towards Putin (Obama) we will have a President with the very same inferiority complex and a morbid determination to impose a no-fly zone over Russian forces in Syria. 
Looking at Hillary, with her ugly short hair and ridiculous pants, I thought to myself “this is a woman who is trying hard to prove that she is every bit as tough as any man” – except of course that she ain’t. Her record also shows her as being weak, cowardly and with a sense of total impunity. And now, that evil messianic lunatic with a deep-seated inferiority complex is going to become Commander in Chief?! God help us all! Option two: Trump wins 
Problem: Trump will be completely alone. 
The Neocons have total, repeat total , control of the Congress, the media, banking and finance, and the courts. From Clinton to Clinton they have deeply infiltrated the Pentagon, Foggy Bottom, and the three letter agencies. The Fed is their stronghold. How in the world will Trump deal with these rabid “ crazies in the basement “? 
Consider the vicious hate campaign which all these “personalities” (from actors to politicians to reporters) have unleashed against Trump – they have burned their bridges, they know that they will lose it all if Trump wins (and, if he proves to be an easy pushover his election will make no difference anyway). 
The Neocons have nothing to lose and they will fight to the very last one. What could Trump possibly do to get anything done if he is surrounded by Neocons and their agents of influence? Bring in an entirely different team? How is he going to vet them? His first choice was to take Pence as a VP – a disaster (he is already sabotaging Trump on Syria and the elections outcome). I dread to hear whom Trump will appoint as a White House Chief of Staff as I am afraid that just to appease the Neocons he will appoint some new version of the infamous Rahm Emanuel… And should Trump prove that he has both principles and courage, the Neocons can always “Dallas” him and replace him with Pence. Et voilà ! 
I see only one way out: The Putin model 
When Putin came to power he inherited a Kremlin every bit as corrupt and traitor-infested as the White House nowadays. As for Russia, she was in pretty much the same sorry shape as the Independent Nazi-run Ukraine. Russia was also run by bankers and Anglo-Zionist puppets and most Russians led miserable lives. The big difference is that, unlike what is happening with Trump, the Russian version of the US Neocons never saw the danger coming from Putin. He was selected by the ruling elites as the representative of the security services to serve along a representative of the big corporate money, Medvedev. This was a compromise solution between the only two parts of the Russian society which were still functioning, the security services and oil/gas money. Putin looked like a petty bureaucrat in an ill fitting suit, a shy and somewhat awkward little guy who would present no threat to the powerful oligarchs of the semibankirshchina (the Seven Bankers) running Russia. 
Except that he turned out to be one of the most formidable rulers in Russia history. 
Here is what Putin did as soon as he came to power: 
First, he re-established the credibility of the Kremlin with the armed forces and security services by rapidly and effectively crushing the Wahabi insurgency in Chechnia. This established his personal credibility with the people he would have to rely on to deal with the oligarchs. 
Second, he used the fact that everybody, every single businessman and corporation in Russia, did more or less break the law during the 1990s, if only because there really was no law. Instead of cracking down on the likes of Berezovski or Khodorkovski for their political activities, he crushed them with (absolutely true) charges of corruption. Crucially, he did that very publicly, sending a clear message to the other arch-enemy: the media. 
Third, contrary to the hallucinations of the western human rights agencies and Russian liberals, Putin never directly suppressed any dissent, or cracked down on the media or, even less so, ordered the murder of anybody. He did something much smarter. Remember that modern journalists are first and foremost presstitutes, right? By mercilessly cracking down on the oligarchs Putin deprived the presstitutes of their source of income and political support. Some emigrated to the Ukraine, others simply resigned, and a few were left like on a reservation or a zoo on a few very clearly identifiable media outlets such as Dozhd TV , Ekho Moskvy Radio or the newspaper Kommersant . Those who emigrated became irrelevant. As for those who stayed in the “liberal zoo”, they were harmless and they had no credibility left. Crucially, everybody else “got the message”. After that, all it took is the appointment a few real patriots (such as Dmitri Kiselev, Margarita Simonian and others) in key positions and everybody quickly understood that the winds of fortune had now turned. 
Fourth, once the main media outlets were returned back to sanity it did not take too long for the “liberal” (in the Russian sense, meaning pro-USA) parties to enter into a death-spiral from which they have never recovered. That, in turn, resulted in the ejection of all “liberals” form the Duma which now has only 4 parties, all of them more or less “patriotic”. 
Russia and the USA are very different countries, and no recipe can simply be copied from one to another. Still, there are valuable lessons from the “Putin model” for Trump, not the least of which that his most formidable enemies probably are sitting in the Fed. One Russian analyst – Rostislav Ishchenko – has suggested that Trump could somehow force the Fed to increase interest rates, which would result in a bankruptcy domino effect for US banks which might be the only way to finally crush the Fed and re-take control of US banking. WHAT PUTIN ACHIEVED Of brooms and body parts 
Leon Trotsky used to say the Soviet Russia needed to be cleansed from anarchists and noblemen with an “iron broom”. He even wrote an article in the Pravda entitled “We need an iron broom”. Another genocidal manic, Felix Derzhinskii, founder of the notorious ChK secret police, used to say that a secret police officer must have a “burning heart, a cool head and clean hands”. One would seek weakness, or even compassion, in vain from folks like these. These are ideology-driven “true believers”, sociopaths with no sense of empathy, profoundly evil people with a genocidal hatred of anybody standing in their way. 
Hillary Clinton and her gang of Neocons are the spiritual (and sometimes even physical) successors of the Soviet Bolsheviks and they, just like their Bolshevik forefathers, will not hesitate for a second to crush their enemies. Donald Trump – assuming he is for real and actually means what he says – has to understand that and do what Putin did: strike first and strike hard. 
Stalin, by the way, also did exactly that, and for a while the Trotskists were crushed, but in the years following Stalin’s death they gradually bounced back only to seize power again in 1991. 
I think that the jury is still out on whether Putin will succeed in finally removing the 5th columnists from power. 
What is sure is that Russia is at least semi-free from the control of (((these people))) and that the US is their last bastion right now. Their maniacal hatred of Trump can in part be explained by the sense of danger (((these folks))) feel, being threatened for the first time in what they see as (((their homeland))). 
I don’t mean that in a patriotic sense – but rather like a parasite cares for “his” host. 
And maybe (((they))) have some good reason to fear. I sure hope that they do. 
(Brackets inserted by LD) 
I am rather encouraged by the way Trump handled the latest attempt to make him cower in fear. Yesterday Trump dared to declare that since the election might be rigged or stolen he does not pledge to recognize their outcome. And even though every semi-literate person knows that elections in the USA have been rigged and stolen in the past, including Presidential ones, by saying that Trump committed a major case of crimethink . The Ziomedia pounced on him with self-righteous outrage and put immense pressure on him to retract his statement. Instead of rolling over and recanting his “crime”, Trump refused to do so. 
Beautiful no? Let’s hope he continues to show the same courage. 
Trump is now doing what Jean-Marie Le Pen did in France: he is showing the Neocons that he dares to openly defy them, that he refuses to play by their rules, that their outrage has no effect on him and that they don’t get to censor or silence him. 
That is also what he did when, yet again, he refused to accuse the Russians of cyber-attacks and, instead, repeated that it would be a good thing for Russia and the USA to be friends. 
Again, I am not sure that how long he will be able to hold that line, but for the time being there is no denying that he is openly defying the AngloZionist deep state and Empire. Conclusion The United States is about to enter what might possibly be the deepest and most dangerous crisis of its history . 
If Trump is elected, he will have to immediately launch a well-planned attack against his opponents without giving them any pretext to accuse him of politically motivated repressions. 
In Russia, Putin could count on the support of the military and the security services. I don’t know whom Trump can count on, but I am fairly confident that there are still true patriots in the US armed forces. 
If Trump gets the right person to head the FBI, he might also use that agency to clean house and deliver a steady streams of indictments for corruption, conspiracy to [fill the blank], abuse of authority, obstruction of justice and dereliction of duty, etc. Since such crimes are widespread in the current circles of power, they are also easy to prove and cracking down on corruption would get Trump a standing ovation from the American people. 
Next, just as Putin in Russia, Trump will have to deal with the media. How exactly, I don’t know. But he will have to face this beast and defeat it. At every step in this process he will have to get the proactive support of the people, just like Putin does. 
Can he do it? I don’t know. Honestly, I doubt it. 
First, I still don’t trust him. But, more relevantly, I would argue that to overthrow the deep state and restore true people power is even harder in the USA than it was in Russia. 
I have always believed that the Anglo-Zionist Empire will have to be brought down from the outside, most probably by a combination of military and economic defeats. I still believe that. However, I might be wrong – in fact, I hope that I am – and maybe Trump will be the guy to bring down the Anglo-Zionist Empire in order to save the United States. 
If there is such a possibility, however slim, I think that we have to believe in it and act on it as all the alternatives are far worse. Source Like this? Share it now. 3 thoughts on “ Only Trump can save America now — if he can survive and follow in the footsteps of Vladimir Putin ” LD says:  27 am 
Of all the articles written on the Trump/Clinton imbroglio and the dangers that face America after the November 8 election, this is the most outstanding I have read so far. 
Firstly, it offers a neat summation of what will happen if Hillary Clinton wins: things will get worse than they have ever been before and then spiral out of control, with World War Three almost certain, given the mental instability and sheer malignancy of this female monster from hell. 
Secondly, if Trump wins, the article spells out in detail the formidable challenges that would face him — far greater in magnitude and number than the challenges facing Putin when he came to power in Russia in 1991. To succeed against his implacable enemies — the “Anglo-Zionist establishment” to quote the Saker — Trump would have to possess the fighting spirit and unique chessmaster skills of Vladimir Putin. 
Alas, even his most ardent admirers cannot possibly believe that Trump is half the man that Putin is. Indeed, the Saker ends his laudatory article of Trump with the surprising words, “I still don’t trust him.” This is because Trump is largely an unknown factor. He is the devil we don’t know. 
“The United States,” the Saker concludes on a somber note, “is about to enter on what might possibly be the most dangerous crisis of its history.”",0
15101,Trump Moves to Roll Back Obama-Era Financial Regulations - The New York Times,"President Trump on Friday moved to chisel away at the Obama administration’s legacy on financial regulation, announcing steps to revisit the rules enacted after the 2008 financial crisis and to back away from a measure intended to protect consumers from bad investment advice. After a White House meeting with executives from Wall Street, Mr. Trump signed a directive aimed at the   Act, crafted by the Obama administration and passed by Congress in response to the 2008 meltdown. He also signed a memorandum that paves the way for reversing a policy, known as the fiduciary rule, that requires brokers to act in a client’s best interest, rather than seek the highest profits for themselves, when providing retirement advice. The executive order affecting   is vague in its wording and expansive in its reach. It never mentions the law by name, instead laying out “core principles” for regulations that include empowering American investors and enhancing the competitiveness of American companies. Even so, it gives the Treasury the authority to restructure major provisions of   and it directs the Treasury secretary to make sure existing laws align with administration goals. Mr. Trump’s action on the fiduciary rule, which Democrats and consumer groups immediately denounced as a gift to Wall Street, could have a more concrete impact. His memorandum directs the Labor Department to review whether the rule may “adversely affect” investors’ ability to access financial advice  —   and if it does, it authorizes the agency to rescind and revise the rule. Supporters of the rule describe it as a basic consumer protection to prevent brokers from taking advantage of vulnerable clients. The industry argues that the rule will expose it to a torrent of lawsuits and will increase costs that firms will pass on to consumers. Taken together, Mr. Trump’s actions on Friday constitute an extensive effort to loosen regulations on banks and other major financial companies, even though the president campaigned as a champion of working Americans and as a critic of Wall Street elites. Mr. Trump said on Friday that his actions were intended to help both Wall Street and workers as his administration eases constraints on banks and allows them to lend more to companies, which could then hire more workers. “We expect to be cutting a lot out of   because frankly, I have so many people, friends of mine that had nice businesses, they can’t borrow money,” Mr. Trump said in the State Dining Room during his meeting with business leaders. “They just can’t get any money because the banks just won’t let them borrow it because of the rules and regulations in  . ” The 2010 act reined in mortgage practices and derivatives trading and curbed the ability of banks to trade with their own money in a measure known as the Volcker Rule. Despite the president’s concerns, banks have increased their consumer lending like credit cards and auto loans, and have generally expanded their lending to businesses. As he announced his goals on financial deregulation, Mr. Trump sat beside Stephen A. Schwarzman, the chief executive of the private equity giant the Blackstone Group and the chairman of his business council, who said the panel would “advise the government on the areas where we could do things a lot better in our country, for all Americans. ” The president had praise for Jamie Dimon, whose bank, JPMorgan Chase, was often a target of regulatory actions by the Obama administration. “There’s nobody better to tell me about   than Jamie, so you’re going to tell me about it,” Mr. Trump said. The meeting underscored the degree to which the architects of Mr. Trump’s economic strategy are now some of the people he denounced in his campaign, which ended with a commercial that described “a global power structure that is responsible for the economic decisions that have robbed our working class, stripped our country of its wealth and put that money into the pockets of a handful of large corporations. ” The advertisement flashed an image of the chief executive of Goldman Sachs, which has become a virtual feeder for top Trump administration officials. Steven Mnuchin, his nominee for Treasury secretary Gary Cohn, the chairman of his national economic council and Stephen K. Bannon, Mr. Trump’s chief strategist, all had worked at Goldman. “The administration apparently plans to turn over financial regulation to Wall Street titan Goldman Sachs, and make it easier for them and other big banks like Wells Fargo to steal from their customers and destabilize the economy,” said Lisa Donner, the executive director of Americans for Financial Reform, an advocacy group that supports  . “That betrays the promises Trump made to stand up to Wall Street. ” The president’s actions came just hours after congressional Republicans voted to repeal an unrelated   rule, a sign that Mr. Trump will have some support on Capitol Hill to challenge a law he has called “a disaster,” and promised to do “a big number” to reshape. Now emboldened, House Republicans are also moving legislation to “repeal and replace”   though they would need 60 votes to accomplish that, which seems unlikely. And they are considering potential ways to use the budget process to defund some aspects of the law, all of which comes on top of the president’s executive actions. While the president cannot unwind   with the stroke of a pen, his orders set the tone for the regulatory agencies enforcing the rules, including the Securities and Exchange Commission. And the orders could portend even more executive actions that direct the regulators to halt financial regulation. The president’s approach to regulation sharply contrasts with his predecessor. President Barack Obama once remarked, “I did not run for office to be helping out a bunch of fat cat bankers on Wall Street. ” Wall Street is expected to lobby Mr. Trump’s financial regulators, at the S. E. C. and elsewhere, to modify rules and enforce them lightly. But there is a limit to what the regulators can do.   is still the law, and it requires the regulators to enforce hundreds of   rules. Under administrative law, the regulators must also formally propose any new rules and seek public comment. The Trump administration may have an easier time voiding the   Labor Department rule requiring brokers to act in a client’s best interest when providing retirement advice. That rule is not explicitly part of  . White House officials had considered a far more aggressive assault on the fiduciary rule, which would have immediately halted it for six months or more while the Labor Department reviewed its effects. The final memorandum appears to leave the regulation in place, but it also goes a step further, instructing the department to undertake what could be a lengthy new process for rewriting the rule if it is found to harm investors or financial companies. “President Trump’s action will make it harder for American savers to keep more of what they earn,” Senator Sherrod Brown, the ranking Democrat on the Senate Banking Committee, said in a statement. But Representative Ann Wagner, Republican of Missouri, called the effort to stop the fiduciary rule “a labor of love for me. ” Even before the president acted, congressional Republicans on Friday started to chip away at  . The Republicans used an unusual parliamentary procedure to repeal a rule that stems from the law with only a majority of votes, rather than the 60 votes needed to overcome a filibuster. The Senate voted 52 to 47 to void the rule, which requires oil companies to publicly disclose payments made to governments when developing resources around the world. The rule, which   assigned to the S. E. C. to enforce, was tangential to the law’s mission of reforming Wall Street, but lawmakers included it anyway with the hope of exposing bribes and corruption. Some of the largest American oil companies objected to the S. E. C. rule, including Exxon Mobil, arguing that it put them at a competitive disadvantage with foreign companies. Rex W. Tillerson, Mr. Trump’s secretary of state, personally lobbied against it when he was Exxon’s top executive, according to public accounts. Republicans are not done. Under the Congressional Review Act of 1996, Congress has at least 60 days to introduce legislation repealing major new regulations. Already this week, Republicans introduced legislation under the act to repeal a Consumer Financial Protection Bureau rule for prepaid debit cards. The Congressional Research Service has determined that rules sent to Congress on or after June 13 last year are vulnerable to repeal. The S. E. C. rule just missed that cutoff it became final on June 27, making it fair game for Republicans to repeal, over the objections of antipoverty groups like Oxfam and the One Campaign. “If President Trump is serious about his promise to ‘drain the swamp’ and protect American security, he will veto this dangerous bill immediately,” Isabel Munilla, an Oxfam official, said in a statement.",0
15102,Automation: Robots from Korea to America Are Replacing Workers, ,0
15103,Why Even Sing? Anthem Singer Kneels During Performance | Alternative,"(Before It's News)
A singer decided to kneel during her performance of the national anthem prior to an NBA preseason game in Miami.
As Denasia Lawrence approached midcourt, she unzipped her jacket, revealing the “Black Lives Matter” shirt she has underneath and dropped to her left knee as she began to sing. Her stated intention was to protest racial oppression.
If the anthem is a symbol of racial oppression, then why would she sing it at all?
“We’re being unjustly killed and overly criminalized,” Lawrence explained in a Facebook post from Saturday night. “I took the opportunity to sing and kneel to show that we belong in this country and that we have the right to respectfully protest injustices against us.”
According to Miami Heat staff, there was no advanced warning that Lawrence was wearing a Black Lives Matter shirt nor that she had plans to kneel.
“I didn’t get paid to sing the national anthem nor was this moment about any sort of fame,” Lawrence wrote. “Black Lives Matter is far larger than a hashtag, it’s a rallying cry.”
Delivered by The Daily Sheeple
We encourage you to share and republish our reports, analyses, breaking news and videos ( Click for details ).",0
15104,Little-known facts about weapons,"AP photo 1. Over the past 20 years, weapons have inundated America, but the rate of murder with the use of firearms and other crimes have fallen by 39% and 69% respectively.2. Almost all cases of mass murder in the United States have occurred in weapon-free zones.3. The United States is the world's leader on the number of weapons per capita. The country is ranked 28th on the number of murders per 100,000 people.4. The index of violent crimes in the United States fell from 757.7 per 100,000 people in 1992 to 386.3 in 2011. The index of murders fell from 9.3 to 4.7 per 100,000 people. 5. In the US, weapons are used 80 times more often to prevent crime rather than commit it.6. In spite of the tough arms legislation, the number of violent crimes in the UK is four times larger than the number of violent crimes committed in the US.7. In 2015, as many as 2,034 violent crimes were committed in the UK per 100,000 people.8. In the United States, the index made up 466.9. In the UK, the number of victims of rapists is 125% larger than in the US.10. In the UK, the number of victims of attacks is 133% larger than in the US.11. Great Britain comes second in the European Union in terms of the general crime indicator.12. In Australia, a weapon ban increased the number of homicide by 19% and robberies - by 69%.13. Chicago is a city with a very tough weapons legislation, where the number of murders has been increasing every year by approximately 10-15%. Today, Chicago is the most dangerous city in the world.14. In the city of Kennesaw, USA, local residents were obliged to arm themselves. As a result, the crime rate in the city has fallen in 23 years by 50% and robberies - by 89%.15. In the 20th century, the leaders of all countries of the world have killed more than 170 million people. How? They disarmed them. Electorat Info",0
15105,Is This A New Escalation? BLACK Chemtrails Reported Around The World!,"Is This A New Escalation? BLACK Chemtrails Reported Around The World! Please scroll down for video 
For many years there have been theories floating around about the potential dangers of chemtrails, the white stripes with a cloudlike appearance that can often be seen in the skies. Some have suggested that these chemtrails are not as innocent as most people tend to think and some people have even gone so far as to say that they may be biological and chemical agents. 
This kind of theory has often been dismissed in the past as faulty reasoning and paranoid thinking. The phenomenon that believers identify as chemtrails are nothing more than the perfectly innocent condensation trials left behind by all kind of air vehicles. However, recent sightings of highly unusual chemtrails might well challenge this particular line of thinking. Black chemtrails in the sky stump sceptics 
According to many witnesses from all across the world, the chemtrails or ‘condensation trials’ appearing in their local areas are not white anymore – they’re black. No scientific body or government has chosen to offer an explanation about the sudden change in the appearance of numerous trails in the sky, but many believe that it is irrefutable evidence that chemtrails are being utilised for chemical or biological testing on civilian populations . 
Sceptics have suggested that these unusual black trails might be nothing more than a shadows of a typical white condensation trail left by a plane. However, this theory has been robustly dismissed by others who have pointed out that clouds leave no shadows in the sky and therefore it would be impossible for a condensation trail left by a plane to do the same thing. 
Not all of the people who believe that chemtrails are a real phenomenon believe that they are used to covertly test chemical and biological weapons. Others have suggested that they are part of a weather modification technology, often referred to as HAARP. The chemtrails are being used to electrify portions of the sky so that they can be used for testing by scientists working in this field. 
Whatever the truth of the matter is, one thing is for sure; these black chemtrails cannot be easily explained away. 
This article (Is This A New Escalation? BLACK Chemtrails Reported Around The World!) is free and open source. You have permission to republish this article under a Creative Commons license with full attribution and a link to the original source on Disclose.tv Related Articles",0
15106,Larry Summers’ Worst Nightmare,Time limit is exhausted. Please reload CAPTCHA. six − five = Notify me of follow-up comments by email. Notify me of new posts by email. CLICK IMAGE FOR BITGOLD The Next Bull Market In Mining Stocks Is Here Paypal Account Is Not Required Kinder Morgan Report Paypal Account Is Not Required AmazonDotCon Paypal Account Is Not Required Get E-mail Alerts,0
15107,Trump warns of World War III if Clinton is elected,"

Donald Trump is warning America that Hillary Clinton’s insane idea to create a no-fly zone over Syria would lead to World War Three with Russia, Syria and Iran.
Setting up a no-fly zone over Syria means telling the government of Syria (as well as Russia) they’re not allowed to fly planes over their own country, even though they’re in the middle of a war with ISIS and other US-backed rebel terrorist groups.
It’s completely psychotic, that’s why even leftists like Green party candidate Jill Stein have said Hillary is “much scarier” than Trump and could slide us “into a nuclear war” with Russia .
As you’ll see in this article, Reuters asked Hillary to defend her insane plan but she just dodged the question and instead attacked Trump as “unfit to be commander-in-chief.”
From Reuters :
U.S. Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump said on Tuesday that Democrat Hillary Clinton’s plan for Syria would “lead to World War Three,” because of the potential for conflict with military forces from nuclear-armed Russia.
In an interview focused largely on foreign policy, Trump said defeating Islamic State is a higher priority than persuading Syrian President Bashar al-Assad to step down, playing down a long-held goal of U.S. policy.
Trump questioned how Clinton would negotiate with Russian President Vladimir Putin after demonizing him; blamed President Barack Obama for a downturn in U.S. relations with the Philippines under its new president, Rodrigo Duterte; bemoaned a lack of Republican unity behind his candidacy, and said he would easily win the election if the party leaders would support him.
“If we had party unity, we couldn’t lose this election to Hillary Clinton,” he said.
On Syria’s civil war, Trump said Clinton could drag the United States into a world war with a more aggressive posture toward resolving the conflict.
Clinton has called for the establishment of a no-fly zone and “safe zones” on the ground to protect non-combatants. Some analysts fear that protecting those zones could bring the United States into direct conflict with Russian fighter jets.
“What we should do is focus on ISIS. We should not be focusing on Syria,” said Trump as he dined on fried eggs and sausage at his Trump National Doral golf resort. “You’re going to end up in World War Three over Syria if we listen to Hillary Clinton.
“You’re not fighting Syria any more, you’re fighting Syria, Russia and Iran, all right? Russia is a nuclear country, but a country where the nukes work as opposed to other countries that talk,” he said.
Clinton’s campaign dismissed the criticism, noting that both Republican and Democratic national security experts have denounced Trump as unfit to be commander-in-chief.
“Once again, he is parroting Putin’s talking points and playing to Americans’ fears, all while refusing to lay out any plans of his own for defeating ISIS or alleviating humanitarian suffering in Syria,” Clinton spokesman Jesse Lehrich said in a statement.
Trump said Assad is much stronger now than he was three years ago and said getting Assad to leave power was less important than defeating Islamic State.
“Assad is secondary, to me, to ISIS,” he said.
A memo was leaked earlier this year showing Hillary Clinton’s State Department said on December 31, 2012 that overthrowing Syria was the “best way to help Israel.” 

The foreign policy goals in that State Department memo just so happen to align with the goals of this powerful Israeli think tank :

Seeing as how the U.S. just last month conducted an airstrike on a group of Syrian fighters to help ISIS overrun one of their positions , it’s not unreasonable to question what the hell is actually going on here.
Uniting with Assad and Russia to destroy ISIS, as Trump has said he would do, is without a doubt the sane plan in Syria if one wants to pursue America’s interests. Instead, Clinton and Obama are trying to both overthrow Assad by arming “good” rebel groups and somehow also kill ISIS on the side – though it just so happens the weapons they’re giving to the “good” rebels keep falling into ISIS’s hands.
The result has been what we’re seeing in Syria – an endless, drawn out war leading to untold human misery, suffering, death and the migrant crisis.
Source 
",0
15108,Chart Of The Day: US Productivity Growth Trend Falling Off The Charts,"Chart Of The Day: US Productivity Growth Trend Falling Off The Charts By David Stockman. Posted On Wednesday, November 9th, 2016 
http://www.firstrebuttal.com/private-capital-allocation-matching-only-the-great-depression-for-inefficiency/ 

David Stockman's Contra Corner is the only place where mainstream delusions and cant about the Warfare State, the Bailout State, Bubble Finance and Beltway Banditry are ripped, refuted and rebuked. Subscribe now to receive David Stockman’s latest posts by email each day as well as his model portfolio, Lee Adler’s Daily Data Dive and David’s personally curated insights and analysis from leading contrarian thinkers.",0
15109,Indigenous Youth Occupy Hillary Clinton Campaign Headquarters to Demand She Take Stand on #DAPL [VIDEO],"Click Here To Learn More About Alexandra's Personalized Essences Psychic Protection Click Here for More Information on Psychic Protection! Implant Removal Series Click here to listen to the IRP and SA/DNA Process Read The Testimonials Click Here To Read What Others Are Experiencing! Copyright © 2012 by Galactic Connection. All Rights Reserved. 
Excerpts may be used, provided that full and clear credit is given to Alexandra Meadors and www.galacticconnection.com with appropriate and specific direction to the original content. Unauthorized use and/or duplication of any material on this website without express and written permission from its author and owner is strictly prohibited. Thank you. 
Privacy Policy 
By subscribing to GalacticConnection.com you acknowledge that your name and e-mail address will be added to our database. As with all other personal information, only working affiliates of GalacticConnection.com have access to this data. We do not give GalacticConnection.com addresses to outside companies, nor will we ever rent or sell your email address. Any e-mail you send to GalacticConnection.com is completely confidential. Therefore, we will not add your name to our e-mail list without your permission. Continue reading... Galactic Connection 2016 | Design & Development by AA at Superluminal Systems Sign Up forOur Newsletter 
Join our newsletter to receive exclusive updates, interviews, discounts, and more. Join Us!",0
15110,A woman tried to relax her mum with a little VR and it went really badly,"Next Swipe left/right A woman tried to relax her mum with a little VR and it went really badly As Megan Kelley and her mum sat in a hospital waiting room while her dad had a double organ transplant, Megan thought she’d help take her mum’s mind off things by letting her try out a virtual rollercoaster ride. Bad idea! 
She didn’t seem too bad at first. But things quickly became tense … Before reaching critical mass.",0
15111,"In Race Against Fake News, Google and Facebook Stroll to the Starting Line - The New York Times","SAN FRANCISCO  —   Google and Facebook have been taking steps to curb the number of false news articles propagated across their sites. On Wednesday, the Silicon Valley companies showed that they were still in the early stages of their battle to limit misinformation online. In a blog post, Google said it had permanently banned nearly 200 publishers from its AdSense advertising network near the end of last year, after putting into effect a policy in November to choke off websites that try to deceive users from its online ad service. On the same day, Facebook introduced changes to its Trending Topics feature  —   a part of the social network that some have blamed for spreading false information  —   to better promote reliable news articles. Yet taken together, the efforts showed how the fight against fake news remains a work in progress. Google’s bans were a drop in the bucket compared with the almost two million publishers that use AdSense. Facebook’s new measures were part of a continuing series of small experiments by the company to find out what worked best in displaying news to its users. “We genuinely asked Google and Facebook for ‘moonshots,’” said Jason Kint, the chief executive of Digital Content Next, an online publishing industry group. “We appreciate the work, but based on the numbers, that’s hardly even running in place. ” Google and Facebook have been in something of a   situation in recent months when it comes to fake news. Both companies have been grappling with a widespread backlash over how their sites may have spread rumors on a vast scale, and how little responsibility they take for any of the content that appears on their platforms. The issue came to a head after the American presidential election, when commentators accused Facebook in particular of swaying voters to President Trump through misleading and untrue news articles. In response, both companies have tried various measures to limit fake news. Google in November said it would ban sites that spread misinformation from AdSense as a way to impair how such sites make money. That same month, Facebook updated some of its policy language, which already said it would not display ads on sites that show misleading or illegal content, to include fake news sites. Facebook has since introduced other changes, including consulting   news organizations like The Associated Press and ABC News about the accuracy of articles that users report as being false. Google’s blog post on Wednesday was the first time the company explained the results of its moves against publishers that spread misinformation. The search giant said it reviewed 550 sites “suspected of misrepresenting content to users, including impersonating news organizations” in November and December. It took action against 340 of those sites and kicked nearly 200 publishers off its network permanently. Google was careful not to say that these were fake news sites, only sites that deceive users by misrepresenting themselves or their content. This month, Media Matters noted that Google changed the language of its advertising policy, removing the words “fake news. ” Google said the language change noted by Media Matters involved examples that help explain its policy but were not changes to the actual policy. Google declined to identify the sites or publishers it banned. Before taking steps to thwart fake news publishers, Google had an existing policy that outlawed publishers of “misrepresentative content,” such as websites peddling   schemes or counterfeit goods. It expanded this policy to include sites impersonating news organizations. Google was pulled into the fake news debate when Mediaite reported that, in the days after the election, the top result on a Google search for “final election vote count 2016” was a link to an article that incorrectly stated that Mr. Trump, who won the Electoral College, was ahead of his Democratic challenger, Hillary Clinton, in the popular vote. Google said that its search algorithms fell short but that the company would continue to work to improve its results. The AdSense system is a major revenue driver for independent web publishers who rely on the network to deliver display advertising on their sites. The publishers are paid when a reader views or clicks on those ads, with a portion of the proceeds going to Google. AdSense is one of the largest advertising networks on the web with nearly two million publishers using the system. Facebook did not immediately respond to a request for comment on the number of sites it has banned since November. Trending Topics is a feature on the social network that tells people what popular topics are being discussed on the site. Apart from more transparency around headlines, the changes to the feature on Wednesday included identifying popular topics through the number of publishers posting articles on Facebook about a piece of news, rather than engagement around a single article. “Today’s update may also help prevent hoaxes and fake news from appearing in Trending because the updated system identifies groups of articles shared on Facebook instead of relying solely on mentions of a topic,” the company said in a blog post. Still, industry watchers remain skeptical about the efficacy of these moves. “Nothing drives clicks better than when the headline is exactly what people want to hear or believe,” Ian Schafer, the chief executive and founder of Deep Focus, a digital advertising agency, referring specifically to Google. Mr. Schafer said that without significant changes to the economics and technology of online ads, banning individual sites would not produce change in the long run.",0
15112,"Challenges Await Antonio Tajani, the European Parliament’s New President - The New York Times","BRUSSELS  —   Antonio Tajani was elected president of the European Parliament on Tuesday, and he won’t have much time to settle in. Mr. Tajani, an Italian who beat out his countryman Gianni Pittella in the fourth round of voting, takes over as the European Union confronts an array of pressing issues. The Parliament is the only directly elected body among the bewildering list representing the European Union, but it often struggles for relevance  —   a fact underscored when Mr. Tajani’s ascendance on Tuesday was overshadowed by a speech by Prime Minister Theresa May of Britain on plans for her country to leave the bloc, and an address by  Xi Jinping, the Chinese leader, in Davos, Switzerland. Mr. Tajani, 63, from the European People’s Party  —   the Parliament’s largest political group, with 217 members from 27 nations  —   was the favorite for the post. Mr. Tajani is something of an insider, having previously worked alongside the former Italian prime minister Silvio Berlusconi, who appointed Mr. Tajani nearly a decade ago to the European Commission, the bloc’s executive office. He served two terms there from 2008 to 2014, overseeing the transport sector and then taking the industry and entrepreneurship portfolio. Some members of the European Parliament criticized Mr. Tajani for failing to do enough in that role to address emissions from   cars. “He wasn’t a commissioner who was very open, transparent and fair,” Ska Keller, a prominent German lawmaker with the Greens, said on Tuesday. Mr. Tajani has sought to distance himself from the approach taken by his predecessor, Martin Schulz, who announced in November that he would return to German politics. Mr. Schulz was regarded by some members of the Parliament as too ready to use his perch to promote his personal views. The Parliament needed a “president, not a prime minister,” Mr. Tajani said on Tuesday before the voting. “When I stand in front of the Council, it won’t be my ideas I’ll be expounding on, it’ll be the ideas of the majority in Parliament,” he added, apparently referring to summit meetings of the European Council. There were five other candidates for the post, but Mr. Tajani’s only real rival during the voting was Mr. Pittella, from the Progressive Alliance of Socialists and Democrats. By the fourth and final round of balloting on Tuesday night, Mr. Tajani won 351 votes in a runoff against Mr. Pittella, who took 282 votes. Pivotal to Mr. Tajani’s victory was a decision by Guy Verhofstadt, a former Belgian prime minister and the leader of the Parliament’s centrist Alliance of Liberals and Democrats for Europe group, to withdraw from the race and form a coalition with Mr. Tajani’s   group. Mr. Verhofstadt suggested that he was taking the step to ensure that the Parliament did not end up weakened by small but staunchly   parties. Politics at the Parliament have become “hugely fragmented,” Mr. Verhofstadt said. The hottest issue in European Union affairs is how tough to be over Britain’s exit, and the Parliament has a veto on any deal London reaches with the rest of the bloc. Mr. Tajani pledged Tuesday to take a   approach: “We’ll need to be very balanced here  —   we’ll need to defend the rights of Europe, but I think that in the future the U. K. will be an important partner of ours,” he said. Mr. Tajani must also balance demands among liberal and   lawmakers for greater openness and free trade with demands from factions of the   and fringe parties to take a more protectionist approach. That will be tested when the Parliament votes in   on whether to approve the Comprehensive Economic and Trade Agreement between the European Union and Canada. Mr. Tajani will also need to oversee passage of highly contentious legislation that could oblige European Union member states to share the burden of hosting asylum seekers under emergency conditions. The move in 1979 to hold direct elections for the Parliament was intended to bring the European project closer to ordinary citizens and to enhance the democratic legitimacy of its decisions. But success has been limited and, in some respects, the initiative has backfired. As the number of voters participating in elections held every five years has dropped steadily since 1979, to just above 40 percent, the body has become a foothold for a number of insurgent,   parties with strongly   views. The Parliament has also become a magnet for lobbyists seeking to influence legislation on issues from the amount of permissible emissions from industry, including cars, to the way cellphone calls are priced. A number of lawmakers have been caught up in corruption scandals, breeding further disenchantment with the organization.",0
15113,Hillary Clinton Blasts Trump’s Budget Cuts - Breitbart,"Friday during her speech at Georgetown University, former Secretary of State and 2016 Democratic presidential candidate Hillary Clinton criticized President Donald Trump for his proposed budget cuts to diplomacy and international aid within the agency she once headed.  Clinton said,  “I’m here also to say we are seeing signals of a shift that should alarm us all. This administration’s proposed cuts to international health, development, and diplomacy would be a blow to women and children and a grave mistake for our country. Some of you may have seen the recent letter from more than 120 retired generals and admirals to congress and the administration, urging the congress and the White House not to retreat from these programs which represent our values. ” “These distinguished men and woman who served in uniform recognize that turning our back on diplomacy won’t make our country safer,” she continued. “It will undermine our security and our standing in the world. Defense Secretary Mattis said it well when he said if you cut funds to the State Department, that means he has to buy more ammunition. ” (  The Hill) Follow Pam Key on Twitter @pamkeyNEN",0
15114,Donald Trump Says Drugs Are ‘Big Factor’ in Urban Violence - The New York Times,"PITTSBURGH  —   Donald J. Trump said Thursday that drugs were to blame for the violence roiling cities across the nation. Mr. Trump used the first roughly 10 minutes of his remarks to energy executives at a shale industry conference here to address the current unrest  —   including in Charlotte, N. C. after an   man was fatally shot by the police  —   before turning more broadly to the plight of the nation’s largely black urban areas. “And if you’re not aware, drugs are a very, very big factor in what you’re watching on television at night,” Mr. Trump said. Some interpreted the Republican nominee’s remarks as specifically addressing the violent demonstrations in Charlotte, or at least the protests that have sprung up around the country this year in response to police shootings. But Kellyanne Conway, Mr. Trump’s campaign manager, said he was not referring to Charlotte or the broader protest movement, which is often led by  . “He wasn’t talking about Charlotte specifically,” Ms. Conway said. “As he has done in many different venues on many different occasions, he is addressing a major concern that authorities and moms all across the country are raising with him, which is indiscriminate drug use and opiate addiction. ” Before turning to the topic at hand  —   energy  —   Mr. Trump said he first wanted to address “the turmoil unfolding right now in our country. ” “We have some real problems, and we do have a wounded country,” he said. “Many Americans are watching the unrest in Charlotte unfolding right before their eyes on the TV screens. Others are witnessing the chaos and the violence firsthand. ” He also worried aloud whether the protests and unrest had diminished the nation’s international standing. “Our country looks bad to the world, especially when we are supposed to be the world’s leader  —   how can we lead when we can’t even control our own cities?” Mr. Trump said. “We honor and recognize the right for all Americans to peacefully assemble and protest and demonstrate. But there is no right to engage in violent disruption or to threaten the public safety and peace of others. ” Earlier, in an interview on “Fox  Friends,” Mr. Trump addressed his call on Wednesday to broaden the use of    policing to other cities across the nation. Asked about the policy, which is loathed by many   and whose legality has been questioned, Mr. Trump said he was specifically referring to the use of increased    in Chicago  —   a city that has been besieged by crime and gun violence. But he also asserted his general support for the policy  —   ”They’ll stop, they’ll frisk, and they’ll take the gun away, and they won’t have anything to shoot with,” Mr. Trump said on Fox  —   and he reiterated that support during his speech here on Thursday. “Look at the example we had in New York of Mayor Rudy Giuliani,” Mr. Trump said, saying that the    policies, which were instituted during Mr. Giuliani’s tenure as mayor, had helped curb murder and other crimes in the city. “Think of how many families these policies saved from the worst heartache imaginable. ” But Mr. Trump, whose support among   voters is still in the single digits in most polls, also tried to strike a more inclusive, conciliatory note, speaking of the “    residents who live in these communities” and “suffer the most as a result of these riots. ” He called for more law enforcement, more community engagement and “more effective policing. ” “Our job is not to make life more comfortable for the violent disrupter, but to make life more comfortable for the   parent trying to raise their kids in peace, to walk their children to school and to get their children great educations,” he said. “For every one violent protester, there are thousands of moms and dads and kids in that same community who just want to be able to sleep  —   really to sleep safely at night. To be able to walk on the streets. To be able to go to the grocery store. ” Later, Mr. Trump stopped by Geno’s, the famous Philadelphia cheesesteak place, to sample the city’s signature sandwich. Turning to the assembled cameras and reporters, Mr. Trump repeatedly pressed, “Who wants one?” “I think I’m going to get one for Hillary,” he joked. A man in the crowd shouted back: “Then she’ll choke on it!”",0
15115,"Mitch McConnell, Paul Ryan Meet with Donald Trump Promise ‘Bold Agenda’ - Breitbart","House Speaker Paul Ryan and Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell met with President Donald Trump Monday in the Oval Office. [The two Republican leaders spoke to reporters after the meeting, which preceded the president’s joint address to members of Congress on Tuesday.  “We’ve got a bold agenda ahead of us, and the president is going to lay it out and why it’s going to make a difference in people’s lives,” Ryan said. Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell said he looked forward to a “positive upbeat” message from Trump, promising that the Republicans’ agenda would be “exactly the same as the Trump agenda. ” Ryan said House Republicans would be rolling out a House plan to repeal and replace Obamacare with a better plan that would give Americans “choice and freedom” instead of a mandatory plan that was in a “death spiral. ” That plan would likely be released in the spring, he confirmed. Reporters asked Ryan whether he would support Trump’s budget, even though it was unlikely to include entitlement reforms to Social Security and Medicare. “Repealing and replacing Obamacare is fundamental entitlement reform,” Ryan replied.",0
15116,"Susan Rice, Ex-Obama Adviser, Is Back in Political Cross Hairs Over Surveillance - The New York Times","WASHINGTON  —   She has been here before. After the 2012 attack on an American diplomatic outpost in Benghazi, Libya, Susan E. Rice was at the center of conflict, her statements scrutinized and criticized. Now she finds herself back in the cross hairs as her handling of intelligence involving President Trump’s associates comes into question. A longtime Democratic foreign policy official who served as President Barack Obama’s last national security adviser, Ms. Rice has become an inkblot test in the controversy over Russian meddling in last year’s election. Republicans see a partisan who mined intelligence reports to spy on Mr. Trump’s team. Democrats see a scapegoat tarred for doing her job and used as a distraction from an F. B. I. investigation into Mr. Trump’s associates. At issue are her requests for the identities of Americans caught up in electronic surveillance of foreigners, as cited in reports provided to her by intelligence agencies: Americans who were affiliated with Mr. Trump. Ms. Rice went public in her own defense on television and Twitter on Tuesday, neither confirming nor disputing that she made such requests but arguing that any she might have made were proper and necessary, not part of political espionage against the Trump campaign. “The allegation is that somehow the Obama administration officials utilized intelligence for political purposes,” Ms. Rice told the journalist Andrea Mitchell on MSNBC. “That’s absolutely false. ” Ms. Rice said she had sometimes asked for the names of Americans whose identities were redacted in her daily intelligence briefings in order to understand the context of what she was being told. The purpose, she said, was “to do our jobs,” but “absolutely not for any political purpose, to spy, expose, anything. ” She added that she had never made public the identities of any Trump associates mentioned in intelligence surveillance. “I leaked nothing to nobody and never have and never would,” Ms. Rice said. Republicans have argued that “the real story,” as Mr. Trump put it, is not the F. B. I. investigation into contacts between his associates and Russia, but the conduct of the Obama administration. Mr. Trump said on Monday that he had been the target of a “crooked scheme” by Mr. Obama’s team, and he followed up on Tuesday by retweeting a link from the Drudge Report: “RICE ORDERED SPY DOCS ON TRUMP?” Fellow Republicans seized on reports about Ms. Rice in the conservative news media. Senator Rand Paul of Kentucky called the reports a “smoking gun” and said Ms. Rice should be subpoenaed to testify. Senator Lindsey Graham of South Carolina said Congress should look into the reports. Senator Tom Cotton of Arkansas pointed to the dispute over Ms. Rice’s role in characterizing the 2012 attack on the diplomatic compound in Benghazi, which killed the American ambassador and three other American officials. “Susan Rice is the Typhoid Mary of the Obama administration foreign policy,” Mr. Cotton said on the Hugh Hewitt radio show. “Every time something went wrong, she seemed to turn up in the middle of it. ” Where Republicans detect scandal, Democrats see a smoke screen. Mr. Trump and his allies have been looking for indications of wrongdoing by Mr. Obama’s team for a month, since the president accused his predecessor of tapping telephones at Trump Tower during last year’s campaign. No evidence has publicly surfaced to substantiate that claim, and it has been widely dismissed. Having failed to prove the assertion, Mr. Trump and his allies have turned to Ms. Rice. As the national security adviser, she received intelligence briefings six days a week. Last year, during the campaign, some of Mr. Trump’s associates were caught up in eavesdropping of foreign officials. When Americans who are not the target of a warrant are mentioned in reports about such surveillance, their identities are obscured, and they are typically referred to as U. S. Person One or U. S. Person Two. But top officials, like the national security adviser, can ask the intelligence agencies to disclose the names, a process called unmasking. If the intelligence agencies agree, the briefer typically provides the identities orally. Former national security officials have said that Ms. Rice was justified in asking for the names of Trump associates referred to in reports that intelligence agencies sent to her last year. The White House was concerned about attempts by the Russian government to interfere in the election, and she had an obvious need to be fully informed, they said. Ms. Rice said Tuesday that the Russian meddling was a serious issue. “It was a grave concern to all of us in the national security team of the president and to the president himself,” she said. “We took this issue very seriously. We thought it was crucial to defend the integrity of our election process. ” She added, “For us not to try to understand it would be a dereliction of duty. ” Mr. Trump’s aides dismissed Ms. Rice’s comments. “Lyin’ leakin’ Susan Rice stammered through her soft ball interview with Dem PR person Andrea Mitchell,” Dan Scavino Jr. the White House social media director, wrote on Twitter. Sean Spicer, the White House press secretary, said Ms. Rice’s actions seemed to contradict her previous public comments. After Representative Devin Nunes, the Republican chairman of the House Intelligence Committee, announced last month that he had seen reports indicating that Mr. Trump or his associates might have been “incidentally” swept up in the monitoring of foreigners, Ms. Rice told PBS: “I know nothing about this. I was surprised to see reports from Chairman Nunes on that count today. ” Mr. Spicer suggested that Ms. Rice had not been forthcoming. “She was the one who went out and said, quote, that she had nothing to do with this on a program a few weeks ago, and now you see more and more reports,” he told reporters. “It’s not for me to decide who should testify or how they should do it,” Mr. Spicer added. “But I do think that there’s a sharp contrast between a few weeks ago, when she was very public in saying she, quote, didn’t have any clue what Chairman Nunes was talking about, and yet now, we’re finding out that she’s trying to figure out some kind of friendly way of discussing this. ” Ms. Rice responded on Twitter later in the day. “I said I did not know what reports Nunes was referring to when he spoke to the press,” she wrote. “I still do not. ”",0
15117,The Fix Is In: NBC Affiliate Accidentally Posts Election Results A Week Early: Hillary Wins Presidency 42% to Trump’s 40%,"Posted 11/03/2016 12:44 am by PatriotRising with 1 comment 
Why The U.S. Presidential Election Has The Entire World Confused By Brandon Smith 

Well, everyone thought it was a sure thing — Hillary Clinton had the White House in the bag; the entire political system from the DNC to the RNC and the mainstream media had already called the election over and done. Online gambling sites listed Clinton as a sure bet and Irish site Paddy Power even paid out one million dollars on the assumption of a Clinton win. And then, one Weiner ruined everything — Anthony Weiner. 

The revelation of an October surprise re-opening of the FBI’s investigation into Hillary Clinton’s misuse of classified data on private and vulnerable email servers does not come as a shock to me, but it certainly does to many people around the world. Hundreds of mainstream outlets are scrambling to spin the news as misconduct by the FBI rather than a victory for the halls of justice. Numerous alternative media analysts are rushing to cover their butts and admit that there is now a “chance” of a Trump win. Confusion reigns supreme as the weirdest election in U.S. history continues to bewilder observers. 

The first issue that needs to be addressed is the lack of an open mind displayed by some when it comes to the real purpose behind this election. The second issue here, of course, is one of timing. 

Through the majority of this election cycle the public consensus has been that Clinton will win. Some argued that Trump would not be able to compete with the leftist media empire standing against him, while others have argued that the entire system including the Republican establishment would ensure that Trump would fail. The alternative media has in the past simply pointed out that elections have always been rigged, either by the elites playing both sides of the competition, or through outright voter fraud. They have assumed that the elites want Clinton, and therefore, the election has already been decided. 

I tend to agree with the latter point of view, though I disagree with the conclusion. U.S. elections are indeed controlled, and have been for decades, primarily through the false left/right paradigm. However, as I have been pointing out since I correctly predicted the success of the Brexit referendum, I don’t think that Clinton is the choice of the elites. 

I outline my reasons for this conclusion in-depth in articles like ‘2016 Will End With Economic Instability And A Trump Presidency’ , published in August. For the past several months it seems as though I have been the only person holding the view that Trump will be president. Only in the past few days have I received emails from readers stating that they used to think I was probably crazy, but now they aren’t so sure… 

To be clear, my position is that Trump is slated to take the White House and that this is by design. This has been my position since before Trump won the Republican Primaries, it was my position when the election cycle began, it has never changed, nor have my views on the reasons for this outcome ever changed. Of course, the election is not over yet, and if Clinton ends up soiling the already thoroughly soiled Oval Office with her presence, then everyone can color me confused as well. That said, here are some issues that I think many people are overlooking when coming to conclusions on the election and the events surrounding it. 

Clinton Is The Worst Candidate The Elites Could Have Chosen 

I have been studying the activities and behaviors of establishment elites for over a decade and I have to say… they are not stupid. They certainly have hubris, and I would not call them “wise,” but they are definitely devious. They know how to rig a game. They know how to play both sides. They know how to cheat to get what they want when it comes to politics and how to manufacture consent from portions of the public. They’ve been doing it a long time. They have mastered it. 

So, in my view it is rather insane for the elites to field a candidate such as Hillary Clinton IF the entirety of their globalist empire hangs in the balance (I don’t think it does). Though she is fond of BleachBit, the woman is unbleachable. With a decades-long rap sheet from her work at Rose Law Firm (in which document destruction and “misplacement” was apparently routine) to her interference with investigations into Bill Clinton’s sexual indiscretions, to the strange odyssey surrounding her lies on the Benghazi attack, as well as her rampant mishandling of classified documents as head of the State Department, not to mention the Clinton Foundation’s pay to play scandals, it is impossible to endear her to the masses. Her dismal crowd turnouts are rather indicative of this. 

On top of all this, Clinton’s anti-Russia rhetoric is coming off as absolutely crazy, and I think this is by design. Many in the alternative media, while assuming that Clinton is paving the way for WWIII, forget that the average person may not be up to speed on the same information we are, but most of them aren’t ignorant. Clinton’s ravings on Russian hacking and potential war are even putting liberals off rather than inspiring their confidence. 

One would think that if the elites have their veritable pick of any politician to represent their interests in the White House and convince the American public to go along for the ride, Clinton would be the worst choice. Even if the intention were to rig the election in favor of Clinton, she would be a lame-duck president the second she took office, and, her mere presence would galvanize conservatives to the point of mass rebellion. 

This is not generally how the elites play the game. Instead, they prefer co-option to direct confrontation. 

Which President Is Better For The Elites During An Economic Breakdown? 

If you consider the premise that Clinton is NOT the chosen one, and that the entire election is theater, the situation changes rather drastically. 

Those that follow the underlying economic data that the mainstream tends to ignore know that large swaths of the global financial system are not long for this world. With Europe’s banking system plunging towards a Lehman-style event, the OPEC production freeze deal ready to fall apart yet again, and the Federal Reserve threatening to raise rates into recessionary conditions in December, our already floundering fiscal structure is approaching another crisis. 

My questions has always been who would the elites rather have in office when this crisis occurs? I’ve said it a hundred times before and I’ll say it again here: with Clinton in office, globalists and international financiers get the blame for any economic downturn. With Trump in office, conservative movements will be blamed. In fact, I suggest anyone who doubts this scenario watch stock market reactions every time Trump rises in the polls or Clinton faces renewed scandal. The narrative is already being prepared — a Trump win equals a market loss. 

For those that think it outlandish that the public could be tricked into blaming Trump and conservatives for an economic crisis, I suggest they consider that possession is nine-tenths of the law in the minds of many. People can also be irrational when facing financial ruin. I would remind readers that history is written by the victors. The globalists plan to be victorious in the dismantling of America and our founding principles. Whether or not they succeed is really up to average conservatives and liberty proponents, not Trump. 

The FBI’s Move Prepares The Way For Trump 

Clinton and the DNC argue that FBI Director James Comey’s announcement of a re-opened investigation is politically motivated. And they are right, sort of. The real motivation, I believe, is that Clinton was never meant to win the election in the first place, and that the elites want Trump placed in power during the final hours of the U.S. economy. Everything else is just a Kabuki dance. 

The democrats are crying foul and accusing Comey of “working with Putin,” or working with the alt-right. The nefarious Harry Reid has even accused the FBI of hiding Trump’s supposed ties to the Russian government and violating the Hatch Act. 

I think much of this outrage is real, as I believe much of the mainstream media attacks on Trump are coming from people who really think they are waging a propaganda war to get Hillary Clinton elected. This, however, does not mean that the elites plan to install Clinton. 

Some might see my position as bizarre. I understand. But equally bizarre to me are some of the rationalizations people attempt to argue when dealing with the Comey revelation. 

For example, the argument that the entire re-opening of the investigation is a complex ploy designed by the establishment to distract away from the Wikileaks data dumps. This makes little sense. If anything, the re-opening investigation is only bringing MORE attention to the Wikileaks data, not less. If the elites were hoping to create a distraction, they failed miserably. 

The FBI’s announcement ONLY harms the Clinton campaign. Period. Even if it fizzles out, even if they announce that nothing was found, the investigation hitting the news streams so close to election day refocuses all public attention back on Clinton’s corruption and will continue to do so for the next week at least. The idea that the elites hope to use it to help Clinton is nonsensical. 

I have also seen the argument that Comey is acting to cover his own posterior, perhaps because of a fear that Trump may steal away a victory. I find this equally absurd. Months back the consensus among alternative analysts was that Comey (placed in the FBI by Obama) was a traitor and the FBI was a puppet agency of the establishment. Now, suddenly, Comey is worried about a possible Trump win and so takes an action which might self-fulfill the prophecy? 

Comey does what he is told. The FBI is an owned and operated elitist franchise. They do not go rogue. If the rogue FBI narrative were true and Comey actually feels the need to cover his bases with Trump, then it is only because he knows something the rest of us do not. With Clinton in office, his goose would be cooked after this little incident. Comey only gains an advantage if Trump is slated to win. 

Trump May Or May Not Be Aware Of The Plan 

The bottom line, according to the evidence I have seen in terms of elitists influence over U.S. elections, is that if Trump wins it will only be because they wanted him to win. The FBI firestorm this past week appears to support my view and we still have another week left for further Clinton ugliness to be revealed. I also expect that if Trump wins, the reaction from conservatives and liberty activists will be that the event was a “miracle,” a shocking upset against the establishment. Much like the reaction to the Brexit referendum. I continue to hold that conservatives and sovereignty champions in Europe and America are being set up to take the fall for a coming global destabilization. 

I have not taken this position just to be contrary. If I think about it honestly, my position is truly a losing position. If I am mistaken and Clinton wins on the 8th then I’ll probably never hear the end of it, but that’s a risk that has to be taken, because what I see here is a move on the chess board that others are not considering. If I’m wrong, then I’m wrong. 

That said, if I am right, then I still lose, because Trump supporters and half the liberty movement will be so enraptured that they will probably ignore the greater issue — that Trump is the candidate the elites wanted all along. 

If I am right, I cannot say either way if Trump is aware that he will be a potential scapegoat for the elites. With Trump on the way to the White House I can guarantee a Fed rate hike in December. Imagine what a staged war between Trump and the Federal Reserve will do to the U.S. dollar? What a way to destroy the currency’s world reserve status and make way for the IMF’s Special Drawing Rights! I also suspect that widespread rioting is on the schedule as well from various social justice mobs; a perfect excuse for expansive martial law measures, don’t you think? 

The point is, as horrifying as a Clinton presidency might be to conservatives (or to everyone), don’t get too comfortable under Trump. The party is just getting started and our vigilance must be even greater with a conservative White House, because, like it or not, everything Trump does is going to reflect on us. We can no more allow unconstitutional activities under Trump than we could under Clinton. If you think the election has been chaotic and confusing so far, just wait until after it is over. 

If you would like to support the publishing of articles like the one you have just read, visit our donations page here . We greatly appreciate your patronage. You can contact Brandon Smith at: Do you enjoy reading Patriot Rising?",0
15118,Original unreleased transcript of Sonia Gandhi’s interview with Rajdeep Sardesai obtained,"Original unreleased transcript of Sonia Gandhi’s interview with Rajdeep Sardesai obtained Posted on Tweet (Image via mensxp.com) 
On November 21st, all of India was agog in anticipation of India Today TV’s major scoop. All day long, the channel kept flashing the coming face to face interview of Congress President Sonia Gandhi with Rajdeep Sardesai at 9pm. The iron lady, (a moniker she appropriated from her legendary mother in law Indira Gandhi and Margaret Thatcher) was to reveal all to the famous journalist. A quick sidebar – this may be the only known instance of a journalist becoming more famous than a former Indian Test cricketer, namely his father, the late Dilip Sardesai. 
Once we were well into the interview, held imaginatively at the historic Swaraj Bhavan,India’s first family’s ancestral home in Allahabad, it quickly became apparent that Sonia Gandhi will confine her views and opinions primarily to the subject of her late mother in law, her late husband and in passing, doting reflections on her children. Current politics, her own health concerns, her views on her fiery sister in law and her son – all these and other spicy ingredients were strictly off limits. The viewers were thus treated to a pleasant but immensely dull interview. We hear many viewers switched channels after 15 or 20 minutes. 
However, your intrepid reporter at The UnReal Times got hold of the actual transcript of the interview, held informally, while the cameras were switched off. Here it is, exclusively for our readers. 
Rajdeep Sardesai (RS) – “Madam Sonia Gandhi, once again many thanks for speaking exclusively with India Today TV. I know you have imposed strict limitations on what I can or cannot ask you, but as they are still setting up the cameras and equipment, I thought we can let our hair down a bit, so to speak. Off camera?” 
Sonia Gandhi (SG) – “Actually, it is I who must thank you, Arnab………” 
RS – “Rajdeep, Soniaji. Rajdeep Sardesai. Kindly do not mention that other name again, please”. 
SG – “Oh so sorry, Rajdeep. What was I thinking of? Yes, yes, as I was saying. I am very happy to grant you this exclusive interview. My husband was a great fan of your father’s cricketing skills. Of course, I know nothing about cricket, other than the fact that New Zealand’s Daniel Vettori may be my thrice removed cousin on my mother’s side”. 
RS – “Yes Ma’am. If it’s all the same to you, can we keep cricket out of this discussion? First I would like to ask you about your health. All kinds of rumours are floating around about your health. Not unlike the rumours about the CM of Tamil Nadu. How in fact are you?” 
SG – “But I am sitting right here in front of you Rajdeep, large as life, speaking normally, if you discount the Italian accent which I was born with. Do you find anything wrong with me?” 
(Just then, her personal physician arrives and administers two injections, and asks her to swallow around seven multi coloured tablets). 
SG – “Don’t read anything into these pills and injections. My iron content is a bit low, so I have to have these supplements. Just normal stuff”. 
RS – “I understand, Soniaji. I have high BP myself, professional hazard, and you have just reminded me. Please bear with me while I pop these pills. Thank you. Tell me Ma’am, what do you feel about our PM’s demonetization announcement. Your son and other members of the Congress party have been very vocal in their criticism”. 
SG – “See, Rahul Baba is young and hot blooded. Boys will be boys. Speaking for myself, I cannot comment on this because I do not know what demonetization actually means. Something to do with not being able to use the old Rs.500/- and Rs.1000/- notes. But I am not worried, because two truck loads of 10, 20, 50 and 100 rupee notes were delivered to my house the previous day prior to the announcement. And I had only two old Rs.500 notes in my purse which Rahul took away to exchange from a local bank, standing in the queue for over 4 hours. Poor darling”. 
RS – “I see, so you had prior knowledge. But is it not cumbersome to handle so many notes?” 
SG – “You see Rajdeep, I am getting used to your name now, in my home country Italy, when the Euro suddenly replaced the Lira, where 1 Euro was equal to a million Lire, things got a bit confusing, but we eventually mastered it. So I can handle all this small note problems”. 
RS – “Turning to other matters. The country wants to know when you will make way for Rahul to ascend your throne as head of the Congress Party. Can you give us an insight?” 
SG – “Insight? Why do you use such big words? Anyway, I will tell you. Firstly, why is the media so interested in this matter? In the UK, the Queen will soon be 100 years old, and she is still firmly occupying the throne. Poor Charles is almost 70, and I hear both Camilla and Prince William are getting very impatient. And the Duke of Edinburgh is not bothered one bit either way, so long as he gets his daily game of polo. Coming back to domestic issues, let us not forget that Priyanka is also there”. 
RS – “That is interesting. What exactly are you implying, Soniaji?” 
SG – “Ah, that is for me to know and for you to find out. You are an investigative journalist, no? Anyhow, first I have to put Robert’s house in order”. 
RS – “Meaning what, exactly?” 
SG – “Ah, that is for me to know and for you to find out”. 
RS – “You are trying me, Ma’am. But the cameras are ready to roll, and before we actually start can I have one last comment on Maneka and Varun?” 
SG – “Let the cameras roll”. 
RS – “But you haven’t……” 
SG – “You heard.” 
RS – “All right, Soniaji. I understand. Can we roll the cameras?” 
SG – “Of course, Arnab. Just say when” Tweet About Suresh Subrahmanyan 
Bangalore based brand communications consultant, occasional columnist, deeply interested in western classical and Carnatic music and 70s pop and rock, follow cricket and tennis, and an avid fan of P.G. Wodehouse.",0
15119,Indian Man Accused in Multimillion-Dollar Call-Center Swindle Is Held - The New York Times,"MUMBAI  —   The police on Saturday detained a    man suspected of running a   fraud from a network of Indian call centers, tricking hundreds of unwitting Americans into believing they owed money to the Internal Revenue Service. Sagar Thakkar, known as Shaggy, was apprehended by immigration officials in Mumbai after arriving on a flight from Dubai, in the United Arab Emirates, where the police said he had been living since an October raid on his call centers. He was charged with extortion, cheating by impersonation and wire fraud, and is expected to remain in custody until April 15. Mr. Thakkar’s lawyer could not be reached on Saturday. Officials accuse Mr. Thakkar of leveraging India’s vast supply of     workers and modern communications technology to earn as much as $150, 000 a day at the height of the fraud. Many of Mr. Thakkar’s nearly 700 young employees would call United States citizens, impersonate I. R. S. agents and demand immediate payment for unpaid taxes. The police estimated that he may have bilked Americans out of $100 million over the telephone. The police have been hunting for Mr. Thakkar since the call center raid last year. They believe an informer tipped him off to the raid, said Abhishek Trimukhe, the deputy commissioner of police in Thane. Mr. Thakkar’s lavish fugitive lifestyle has intrigued Indian crime reporters, who chronicled his purchase of a $400, 000 German sports car from one of India’s most famous cricket players as a gift for his girlfriend. Investigators said that Mr. Thakkar had recruited former schoolmates for the fraud by driving them in limousines and hosting them at opulent restaurants. “He appears like a regular guy he doesn’t appear like a criminal if you talk to him,” said Param Bir Singh, Thane’s police commissioner. “But very, very   and very, very smart. ” Mr. Thakkar spent the past six months in Dubai. He told the police he lived there using a residential permit, which he claimed was linked to a   shell company. He returned to India of his own volition, perhaps because he had run out of money, Mr. Trimukhe said. And he returned with no luggage, carrying only travel documents and two cellphones, the police said. In conversations with the police, Mr. Thakkar described himself as the child of a    family from Gujarat who made his first foray into   work at 15, carrying out customer phone surveys about buying and selling cars, and then selling those leads to automotive retailers. He learned about   swindles a few years later from friends, and decided to replicate the model on a large scale, enlisting dozens of school friends, Mr. Trimukhe said. “His entire family was in Ahmedabad and they’re lower middle class I don’t think they really needed it,” Mr. Trimukhe said. “He wanted fast money. There is no other intention for this. In Ahmedabad there is a culture of business they want to earn big money. ” The police said on Saturday that they believed their actions had “heavily dented” the illegal   industry. “Mr. Thakkar has shared that there were many call centers running in the country, which after our raid have shut down,” Mr. Singh said. The police said they were scouring Mr. Thakkar’s phones for information, but that he had disposed of the iPhone he had used to run the fraud. They said they had found only a handful of contacts and no trace of his past communications on his new phones.",0
15120,"7 Teenage Deaths, but No Answers for Aboriginal Canadians - The New York Times","THUNDER BAY, Ontario  —   They were teenagers from tiny indigenous Canadian communities, isolated by a maze of lakes and forest. Thunder Bay, a metropolis by comparison, offered them their only opportunity for a high school education. Instead, the students met death. Starting in 2000 and over the span of more than a decade, the bodies of Jethro Anderson, Curran Strang, Reggie Bushie, Kyle Morrisseau and Jordan Wabasse were found, one by one, floating in the rivers that meander past Thunder Bay’s grain elevators, shopping malls and rail lines, emptying into Lake Superior. Bodies of two other indigenous students, Robyn Harper and Paul Panacheese, were found elsewhere in Thunder Bay, a predominantly white city of 121, 000. Indigenous leaders and parents of the dead had long called for investigations, suspecting the students were victims of hate crimes. But among the broader population, the deaths largely went unnoticed until last year, when the Ontario coroner’s office opened an inquest. Despite months of testimony, the inquest’s jury, which released findings and recommendations in June, was unable to reach a conclusion as to what had led to the deaths of four of the students, and found the others to be accidental. But unlike many tragedies involving indigenous Canadians, these victims were linked by important common denominators: All were young people from remote towns. All were unaccustomed to city life. All were forced to stay in privately run boardinghouses  —   a lonely, unsupervised life for students as young as 14. The inquest became a window into broader questions over how Canada handles education for such a vulnerable population. Testimony underscored that despite Canada’s national pride over inclusiveness, a racial line often separates indigenous Canadians from the rest of society. “There’s racism here,” said Sara Brady, an Ojibway teacher who runs a team of workers who assist indigenous students at a high school in Thunder Bay. “You have kids who have never experienced racism before, and that’s a big thing for some of them. They don’t understand what that is until they get here. ” Among the statistics offered at the inquest, a calculation by Dr. David Eden, the presiding coroner, stood out. Two of the students, Kyle Morrisseau and Robyn Harper, came from Keewaywin, population around 300, about 350 miles northwest of Thunder Bay. For Thunder Bay to suffer a proportionally similar tragedy, he said, 700 high school students would need to die. Kyle Morrisseau’s death offers a glimpse into his failed jump from one world into another, and its devastating effect on his family. He was a celebrity in Keewaywin, which consists of little more than an airstrip, nursing station, school, general store and post office. He was the third generation of his family to find success in selling art. He and his father, Christian Morriseau (some family members use a single “S” in the surname) painted aboriginal mythology images sold in galleries in Ottawa and elsewhere. His grandfather Norval Morrisseau was one of Canada’s   aboriginal painters. Since Kyle’s death, Christian Morriseau’s marriage has dissolved and his house has burned down. He now lives part time in another house, condemned and filled with mold, in between annual trips to paint in Toronto. When his son started attending high school in Thunder Bay, Mr. Morriseau said in an interview, he had little concern. Two cousins worked at the high school, and an uncle coordinated programs for indigenous students in the city. “We had family there,” he said. Mr. Morriseau planned trips to Toronto and Ottawa to meet with art collectors so that he could change planes in Thunder Bay and spend time with Kyle. One night in October 2009, while they shared a hotel room, Kyle told his father that he wanted to return to Keewaywin, only to abruptly reverse himself the next day, promising to “tough it out,” Mr. Morriseau said. Kyle was found dead less than a month later. Mr. Morriseau said he has agonized over Kyle’s change of mind ever since. “He was just lonely, I guess,” he said. He said the evidence at the inquest showed that there were bruises on Kyle’s body, suggesting that his son may have been attacked. The jury also heard how at least one other indigenous student had been assaulted by young white men and thrown into the river. That student, fearing for his life, left Thunder Bay and returned home. Regardless, Mr. Morriseau said he was convinced that Kyle had not committed suicide. While many Canadian aboriginal communities have exceptionally high rates of suicide and attempted suicide, statistics presented at the inquest showed that hanging is overwhelmingly the most common method. Drowning is not even a category. The inquest jury listed the means of Kyle’s death as “undetermined. ” Asked what he thought had happened, Mr. Morriseau, 46, looked down, replying: “Who knows, man. Only he does  —   him and the creator knows what happened. ” “Somebody else does know something out there,” he continued, “but I don’t think it will ever come up, or maybe it’s too late to come up. ” Educating indigenous Canadians has long been considered one of the country’s most troubling issues. For much of Canada’s early history, native children were forcibly removed from their families and sent to residential schools largely run by churches. Physical, mental and sexual abuse were widespread. The program was less about education, a national Truth and Reconciliation Commission found last year, than it was about “cultural genocide. ” Today, schooling for most Canadians is financed with a mix of provincial and local taxes, and the federal government is responsible for educating only indigenous children who live on reserves. The result is a stark disparity. The inquest found that Thunder Bay’s Roman Catholic   school board has a budget of roughly 27, 000 Canadian dollars, or about $20, 000, per student. Dennis Franklin Cromarty High School, where six of the dead students were enrolled, gets 11, 000 Canadian dollars per pupil. Not every high school student on a reserve in northwestern Ontario attends Cromarty, or D. F. C. as it is commonly known. Many attend the Pelican Falls First Nations High School, a boarding school nearer to the reserves. But Jonathan Kakegamic, the principal at D. F. C. said that he believes its location provides greater learning opportunities and makes it easier to attract and retain good teachers. The school partly compensates for the budget disparity with   that helps pay for extra teachers, student meals and   sports. But as he used a stationary bicycle late one afternoon in the school’s weight room, Mr. Kakegamic said that what the school really needed was a dormitory. “When you have 150 kids staying in private citizens’ boarding homes throughout the city, that’s a difficult thing to maintain,” he said. “There’s so many injustices at every level. ” Mr. Kakegamic’s home community is Keewaywin. He taught elementary school there, and is a cousin of Kyle Morrisseau’s family. As he recalled the school’s searches for each of its students who were ultimately found dead, tears mixed with the sweat on his face. “I don’t know if I could handle losing another kid,” he said.",0
15121,WIKILEAKS: Hillary Staffers Were Happy About Killing of Black Teen to Advance Gun Control “This is Great” – American Lookout,"
From BizPac Review: 
Newly released emails from Wikileaks show Hillary Clinton staffers debating how they can best use the death of a black man to further their agenda. 
The email began as a request for an essay by Clinton from Marie Claire who was partnering with Harvard University on a study about women and guns but it quickly devolved into brainstorming ideas on how to push the campaign’s anti-gun and racial narratives. 
The team began discussing an article published in “The Guardian” where the mother of Jordan Davis, a black teenager murdered by a white man for playing music loud, called the killing a “legal lynching” despite the fact that the murderer, Michael David Dunn, was convicted and sentenced to life in prison. 
De’Ara Balenger, the director of engagement for “Hillary for America” could hardly contain her excitement. 
“This is great,” she wrote. “The only flag here is that Jordan Davis was killed by a white man, so arguably – this crime was racially motivated, which takes this outside the discussion of gun violence. 
See the email below: 
Imagine if a Republican staffer had said this. shares ",0
15123,Fashioning Cast-Iron Pans for Today’s Cooks - The New York Times,"American cooks have frequent affairs with spiralizers, dry fryers and other shiny new toys. But they also have a deep, lasting relationship with one of the oldest cooking tools in the kitchen: the   skillet. “There aren’t many things in modern life that are passed down through generations and remain both beautiful and useful,” said Ronni Lundy, a historian of the food and agriculture of Appalachia, where cooking in a   heirloom skillet is a touchstone of heritage. It’s true that my grandmother’s china is gathering dust. Your  ’s gold watch (admit it) lies unused in a drawer. But my parents’      pans, with their glassine black cooking surfaces, are the inheritance I crave. “I have two that are just coming along now,” Ms. Lundy said in the nurturing tone usually reserved for children, sourdough starters and rosebushes.     pans are the new   jeans: proof of both good taste and hard use. In just the last five years, three new companies promising to make improved   skillets with a combination of traditional handwork and modern technology have begun production. And   collecting has taken off. Buyers seek rare skillets like the Erie Spider, the Griswold Slant and the Wapak Chickenfoot an elusive Sidney No. 8 is listed on eBay for $1, 500. With cast iron’s mystique comes mystery. The responsibility of seasoning a pan can be daunting the idea of a pan that is never washed with soap can be alarming. But it is worth overcoming these obstacles because a       skillet is truly an   pan: nonstick enough to cook eggs, hot enough to sear anything and completely functional for roasting, stewing, simmering and baking. “You can caramelize a crust in cast iron in a way that would never happen in a sheet pan,” said Charlotte Druckman, who has just written a book on   baking. The nonstick surface of a   pan is achieved with natural ingredients like flaxseed oil, lard and time, not with synthetic coatings like Teflon or Thermolon. For all these reasons, even cooks without a tradition of cooking in cast iron now want to start one. Finex in Portland, Ore. Borough Furnace in Syracuse and the    Field Company all got initial funding on Kickstarter from hundreds of small backers, who eventually receive pans in return for their sponsorship. The Field Company, run by Chris and Stephen Muscarella (neither of whom is trained in metallurgy, casting or cooking) raised more than $1. 6 million their first pans will ship soon from a foundry they adapted in the Midwest. Finex is making 200 skillets a day and barely keeping up with demand from the United States and abroad, according to Mike Whitehead, a founder. The Finex   skillet sells for $165 the Borough Furnace equivalent for $280 the Field skillet for about $100. Why would anyone pay nearly $300 for a modern “artisanal”   skillet when a perfectly functional equivalent, made in South Pittsburg, Tenn. by the venerable Lodge company, costs $16 at Walmart? The answer lies in the craftsmanship of the past. The   pots  —   skillets, spiders (which sit in the embers of a fire) and Dutch ovens  —   made in the United States from the 18th century through the first half of the 20th, were different from today’s: lighter, thinner and with a smoother cooking surface. The Muscarella brothers grew up cooking with their mother’s old   pans  —   far from being collectors’ items, rusty skillets used to be offered two for a quarter at barn sales  —   and wondered why the pans they bought when they went out on their own were so comparatively unwieldy. To find out why, “we went down a rabbit hole,” said Chris Muscarella, and came out determined to produce new pans in the old style. Modern   casting, he said, cannot produce pans that are as thin and smooth. Those pans were cast by   makers like Griswold, Wagner, Sidney  —   and by dozens of   foundries located in every sizable American town that also usually produced farm tools and weapons. Each pan was poured and polished by hand, a process that required hours of human labor but yielded a noticeable difference. “I fell in love with that smoothness,” said Mr. Whitehead of Finex. “But now that I make them, I realize why it went away. Labor is just so expensive. ” Most of the new pans have smooth interiors and are sold preseasoned, which also explains their appeal to modern consumers. (There is a wealth of confusing and often contradictory information about seasoning online.) Each of the new makers has its own preferred system of cleaning and reseasoning, described on its website. But the basic principle is simple: Treat the pan as if you were a   cook, because the way people back then cooked and cleaned automatically seasoned their pans. Instead of plastic polymers, their skillets had natural coatings formed by cooking with fat and bonding fat molecules to the metal surface. So use the pan often, especially for projects like shallow frying or cooking bacon or browning chicken. Scrape the cooking surface clean with a stiff brush, a bench scraper or salt rinse with very hot water and, if needed, a drop of soap put it back on the stove over low heat until completely dry. It is not necessary to make a science project of creating the patina: Under these circumstances, it will simply happen. (If the pan is long unused, however, even the loveliest patina will become sticky, rusty or both. Store dry skillets in a cupboard or the oven to protect them from dust, with paper towels between them if stacked.) Nostalgia for old ways of cooking is powerful, but in this case it is also practical. “Cast iron is not responsive, but it is relentless,” said Nathan Myhrvold, the food scientist. No common cooking material has such a high “thermal mass,” or ability to absorb and store heat. Mr. Myhrvold, who runs a research center in Bellevue, Wash. called the Cooking Lab, which also produces the “Modernist Cuisine” books, said the common notion that cast iron is a good conductor of heat is a myth in fact, the opposite is true. Cast iron grabs heat and holds on to it. “After you put the steak in contact with it, there’s a lot of spare heat left to cook with,” he said. “Cast iron doesn’t drop in temperature as much as thinner pans with better conductivity,” like aluminum and stainless steel.     pans evolved for use in charcoal embers and on wood stoves, when maximizing limited heat was the priority. In Appalachia, cast iron survived when many modern cooks switched to lighter pans, which heat up quickly on gas and electric stoves, Ms. Lundy said. “That skillet became part of the imagery of the Appalachian woman,” said Ms. Lundy, who identifies herself as a member of the “hillbilly diaspora” and has just published a cookbook called “Victuals. ” She grew up in Louisville, Ky. and lives in North Carolina. Her family lived for at least four generations in Corbin, Ky. making everything from pork chops to cornbread, cobblers and even biscuits in cast iron. “The first thing any mountain cook will tell you is the history of her skillets,” she said. Soon, the same may be true of all cooks. Mr. Whitehead said a customer had recently come in to buy a Finex skillet after his first son was born. “The dad wants to start using it now,” he said, “so it will be ready for the boy when he turns 18. ” Recipes: Flattened Chicken Thighs With Roasted Lemon Slices | Crisp Toffee Bars",0
15124,Summer Sweat: Hollywood Braces for Possible Worst Box Office in Decade,"Hollywood may experience one of the worst slumps at the box office in the last decade this summer as Americans grow tired of the seemingly endless number of sequels and   tentpoles churned out by the film industry. [Multiple reports by the Los Angeles Times and the Hollywood Reporter show box office revenues are on track to decline by five percent this summer season when compared with last year, and could drop by as much as ten percent.  In real dollars, that could calculate out to a net loss of $450 million for Hollywood’s film industry, with summer earnings for movies expected at about $4 billion, which would make box office performance during this year’s summer season the worst in at least ten years. The summer season kicked off with a bang with the release of Marvel’s Guardians of the Galaxy Vol. 2 on May 5. The ensemble superhero sequel starring Chris Pratt, Kurt Russell, Zoe Saldana, Dave Bautista and Bradley Cooper opened to a robust $145 million in its domestic debut, and is expected to top the box office in its second frame with an estimated $60 million haul. The James   film has already crossed the $500 million mark in international sales. But the second weekend of summer hints at more trouble to come, as Warner   Roadshow’s pricey tentpole King Arthur: Legend of the Sword is set to debut to around $25 million in its opening weekend, a disastrous projection when compared with its reported $175 million budget, before marketing costs. But the real test will come later this summer, when Paramount trots out Transformers: The Last Knight and Disney releases Pirates of the Caribbean: Dead Men Tell No Tales, both of which represent the fifth entries in their respective,   franchises. Other key tests will include the   sequel Alien: Covenant, War for the Planet of the Apes, and the third reboot of the Spiderman franchise,  : Homecoming. Of course, Americans’ sequel fatigue also comes at a time when there are more programs available to watch on demand and in the comfort of one’s home than one could ever hope to watch in a lifetime. These options include   hits like Game of Thrones and newly created cult classics like Netflix’s Stranger Things and Hulu’s The Handmaid’s Tale. Studios are looking to avoid a repeat of last summer’s uneven season, which saw numerous major releases  —   including Independence Day 2, Alice Through the Looking Glass, The BFG, Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles 2, The Legend of Tarzan, and Warcraft  —   either underwhelm or else outright bomb at the box office. There appear to be at least a couple of bright spots this summer, as the animated family film Despicable Me 3 and Christopher Nolan’s World War II drama Dunkirk are expected to perform well for Universal and Warner Bros. respectively. But some executives are already blaming the upcoming season’s   with sequels for the projected decline in box office. “Some of the tent poles are just not as strong this year,” 20th Century Fox domestic distribution chief Chris Aronson told the Times. “Pirates of the Caribbean? It’s the fifth one. Transformers? It’s the fifth one. ”     John Binder is a reporter for Breitbart News. Follow him on Twitter at @JxhnBinder.",0
15125,Trump Executive Orders Target Trade Abuses Amid NAFTA Intrigue - Breitbart,"President Donald Trump is expected to sign a pair of executive orders on Friday afternoon aimed at identifying and combatting abusive foreign trade practices. [The orders direct the government to launch a   study of the massive and persistent U. S. trade deficit and instruct regulators to strictly enforce U. S.   policies aimed at preventing foreign manufacturers from undercutting U. S. companies with unfairly low prices. They mark the latest step in the administration’s efforts to bolster U. S. manufacturing and prevent trading partners from taking advantage of the U. S.’s free trade stance.  The signing of the orders comes a day after an eruption of trade policy intrigue surrounding a leaked draft memo from the U. S. Trade Representative’s office to members of Congress. The memo outlined proposed changes to the North American Free Trade Agreement that were far less sweeping than Trump’s statements on the campaign trail appeared to imply. Hours after the Wall Street Journal and Bloomberg News reported that the memo signaled a softening of the administration’s stance on NAFTA, White House press Secretary Sean Spicer said the memo did not reflect the administration’s views. “That is not a statement of administration policy. It is not a statement of administration policy,” Spicer said. The memo was leaked to journalists by members of the U. S. Senate, according to people familiar with the matter. Despite the statement from Spicer, the memo showed that some in the Trump administration are pushing to soften its stance on trade issues, these people said. In a briefing with reporters on Thursday, Commerce Secretary Wilbur Ross said that one of the orders instructs Commerce and the U. S. Trade Representative to work together to conduct a sweeping review of the causes of U. S. trade deficits. While trade deficits with some countries —  particularly those with oil exporting countries —  are to be expected and not the result of abusive practices, persistent trade deficits in manufactured goods may be the result of unfair trade practices. Examples of  abusive trade practices include manufacturers selling goods below their cost of production and unfair subsidies aimed at undercutting U. S. manufacturers. The report produced by the study will be the basis for the administration to implement policies cracking down on these abuses, according to Commerce Department officials. The orders come a week before Trump is set to meet with Chinese President Xi Jinping. While China is the largest source of the U. S.’s trade deficit, Ross and Peter Navarro, director of the National Trade Council, insisted Thursday that the directives were not aimed at China in particular. Sources in the administration say the orders could allow Trump to avoid detailed trade discussions with the Chinese leader by citing the ongoing study. The second order will address the failure of U. S. agencies to collect   penalties. Foreign manufacturers often avoid paying these by exporting to the U. S. through   shell companies that lack the funds to pay the penalties. The order will require foreign companies exporting to the U. S. to have financial resources that can be drawn upon to pay penalties for trade abuses.",0
15126,New York Times’s Moscow Bureau Was Targeted by Hackers - The New York Times,"The New York Times’s Moscow bureau was the target of an attempted cyberattack this month. But so far, there is no evidence that the hackers, believed to be Russian, were successful. “We are constantly monitoring our systems with the latest available intelligence and tools,” said Eileen Murphy, a spokeswoman for The Times. “We have seen no evidence that any of our internal systems, including our systems in the Moscow bureau, have been breached or compromised. ” On Tuesday, citing United States officials briefed on the matter, CNN reported that The Times, along with other news organizations it did not identify, had been the victims of computer breaches by hackers thought to be working for Russian intelligence. The Federal Bureau of Investigation is looking into the attempted attack on The Times, a government official briefed on the inquiry said, but has no investigations underway of such episodes at other news organizations. Kelly Langmesser, a spokeswoman for the agency, said the F. B. I. had no comment. Ms. Murphy said The Times had not hired outside firms to investigate the attempted intrusion, contrary to the CNN report. Evidence that hackers had targeted The Times came to light two months after private investigators concluded that Russian hackers, apparently connected to two of the country’s intelligence agencies, had broken into the networks of the Democratic National Committee. The F. B. I. ’s investigation into that episode has since widened to include breaches at the Democratic Congressional Campaign Committee, which is the   arm for the House Democrats. So far, the Obama administration has not blamed the Russian government publicly for that attack, though intelligence officials have said they have “high confidence” that the attack on the Democratic National Committee was the work of two Russian intelligence agencies, the F. S. B. and the G. R. U. The first is the successor to the K. G. B. and the second is the leading military intelligence unit. Once the federal investigation into the hacking of the Democratic National Committee is complete, senior administration officials say, President Obama will have to decide whether the evidence of Russian responsibility for the breach is strong enough to warrant an American response. If so, he would also have to determine whether that response would take the form of quiet warnings, economic sanctions or even a counterattack of some kind.",0
15127,Barbra Streisand Says Sexism Cost Her Multiple Oscar Nominations,"    Barbra Streisand says she could have had a shot at even more awards glory if not for the sexism of Academy voters. [In an interview Saturday at the Tribeca Film Festival, the    singer and actress said she was snubbed by Academy voters for her directorial efforts on Yentl and The Prince of Tides because   Academy voters did not want to see a “woman director. ”  “There were a lot of older people. They don’t want to see a woman director,” Streisand told director Robert Rodriguez at the festival on Saturday, according to Variety. “I don’t know how many women wanted to see a woman director. ” 1983’s Yentl, about a Jewish woman (Streisand) who dresses as a man so she can study Torah in a yeshiva  —   was nominated for five Oscars and won one, for Best Original Score. 1991’s The Prince of Tides  —   in which she also starred as a New York therapist who becomes unwillingly involved in a client’s messy personal life  —   was nominated for seven Oscars, including Best Picture for Streisand, but came away  . According to Variety, Streisand appeared to still be bothered by a 1983 review of Yentl by New York Times critic Janet Maslin, who wrote, among other things, that the film used a “  designer yarmulke. ” “None of [the female critics] talked about what the movie was trying to say,” Streisand told Rodriguez, according to the outlet. “It was not about what the movie was about  —   a celebration of women and all they could be. ” When Rodriguez told Streisand that she had paved the way for contemporary female directors, including The Hurt Locker and Zero Dark Thirty helmer Kathryn Bigelow, Streisand disagreed. “Not enough women are directing now,” she said. “I love when I see a woman’s name on the film, and then I want to see it be good. ” Streisand  —   who has also won ten Grammys, nine Golden Globes, five Emmys, a Tony award, and the Presidential Medal of Freedom  —   spoke out against rampant sexism in an interview with WNYC Wednesday, telling the outlet’s Leonard Lopate that misogyny cost former Democratic presidential hopeful Hillary Clinton the White House. “Women are still so underestimated it’s incredible to watch even this last election with Hillary, the kind of strong woman, the powerful woman, the educated woman, the experienced woman, being thought of as the other, or too elite, or too educated,” Streisand said then, adding: “Strong women have always been suspect in this country. ”   Follow Daniel Nussbaum on Twitter: @dznussbaum",0
15128,Comey Investigation a Red Herring to Cover Up Wikileaks Dump,"Comey Investigation a Red Herring to Cover Up Wikileaks Dump 11/01/2016 In today’s video, Christopher Greene of AMTV explains why the Comey Investigation into Hillary Clinton’s emails is a Red Herring to Cover Up Wikileaks Data Dump. 10/10/2016 Citizen Quasar 
Publishing news about one of the candidates before an election is NOT “interfering” with an election. 
The criminal gang that controls the United States today is systemically inherent in representational government. NO government will be constructed that protects rights until people know what rights are. For Americans, this is decades, if not centuries, in the future from now. 
In the meantime, Americans will continue saying the Pledge of Allegiance and continue thinking this is patriotic and puzzling over how Americans couldever be taught the definition of a right on such a wide scale. Citizen Quasar 
Further, here is some speculation: 
Somebody shoots Hillary Clinton dead two days before the election. This gives President Obama an excuse to “temporarily” delay the election. Follow AMTV!",0
15129,Gorsuch Tries to Put Himself Above Politics in Confirmation Hearing - The New York Times,"WASHINGTON  —   Judge Neil M. Gorsuch presented himself on Monday as a creature of consensus during a sharply partisan Supreme Court confirmation hearing, clouded throughout by the bitter nomination fight that preceded it over the past year. Democrats, seething from the hearing’s opening moments, made clear that they would not let the public forget about Judge Merrick B. Garland, President Barack Obama’s nominee last year, whom Republicans refused to even consider at a hearing, saying the seat should be filled by the winner of the presidential election. But when it was his turn, Judge Gorsuch reached often for comity during a     speech, insisting that he favored no party above the law and appearing to brace for attacks from critics who have said his rulings tilt toward corporate interests. “I’ve ruled for disabled students, for prisoners, for the accused, for workers alleging civil rights violations and for undocumented immigrants,” he told the Senate Judiciary Committee. “Sometimes, too, I’ve ruled against such persons. ” Beginning four days of planned hearings over Judge Gorsuch’s nomination, the proceedings on Monday  —   light on direct confrontation, heavy on senatorial windiness  —   set the contours of the debates to come: Democrats raised questions about Judge Gorsuch’s record on issues like workers’ rights and aired concerns about President Trump’s often dim view of the judicial branch. Republicans sought to insulate a plainly   jurist whom they hope to install as the court’s next conservative stalwart. And Judge Gorsuch took pains to position himself above politics, on the eve of formal, rigorous questioning from senators on Tuesday. Leaning often on biography in his speech, Judge Gorsuch cast himself as a humble Westerner, reared on   with malice toward none in his decade as a federal appellate court judge based in Denver. “My decisions have never reflected a judgment about the people before me, only a judgment about the law and the facts at issue in each particular case,” he said. “A good judge can promise no more than that. And a good judge should guarantee no less. ” A judge who is pleased with every ruling he reaches, Judge Gorsuch added, “is probably a pretty bad judge, stretching for policy results he prefers rather than those the law compels. ” Judge Gorsuch thanked Mr. Trump and did not mention the president’s attacks on the judiciary since taking office, leveled against judges who have ruled against the administration in its push to enact a travel ban from certain predominantly Muslim countries. He spoke generally of the hard and noble work of judges, perhaps signaling an indirect rebuttal to Mr. Trump’s comments, which he called “disheartening” during private meetings with senators last month. Judge Gorsuch did not mention Judge Garland on Monday. Democrats, still grappling with how aggressively to oppose this nomination, were eager to fill the void. “I just want to say I’m deeply disappointed that it’s under these circumstances that we begin our hearings,” Senator Dianne Feinstein of California, the committee’s top Democrat, said at the top of her remarks, citing the “unprecedented treatment” of Judge Garland after the death last year of Justice Antonin G. Scalia. Senator Michael Bennet, Democrat of Colorado  —   who introduced Judge Gorsuch, his constituent, alongside the state’s Republican senator, Cory Gardner  —   said that while it was “tempting” to deny Judge Gorsuch a hearing as well, “two wrongs never make a right. ” Mr. Bennet said he had taken no position on Judge Gorsuch, despite his glowing introduction. Another introductory speaker, Neal K. Katyal, an acting solicitor general under Mr. Obama, endorsed the nominee explicitly, in what Gorsuch allies hope will be a powerful testament to his résumé. By choosing Judge Gorsuch, Mr. Trump has forced Democrats to reckon with the kind of obstructionism they long lamented from Republicans. In their   opening statements, Democratic senators made no attempt to quibble with Judge Gorsuch’s qualifications or temperament. While several members have already said they will vote against him, the prospect of an   fight has concerned some more moderate Democrats, particularly those who face   in states that Mr. Trump won. If Judge Gorsuch cannot meet the   threshold needed to overcome a filibuster, Republicans could change longstanding rules and elevate him on a simple majority vote. Even some criticisms seemed to hint at the likelihood of Judge Gorsuch being seated, one way or another. “You’re going to have your hands full with this president,” Senator Richard J. Durbin, Democrat of Illinois, said at one point during a discussion of executive branch overreach, seeming at least briefly to assume Judge Gorsuch’s confirmation. “He’s going to keep you busy. ” Leading up to the hearings, Democrats had gotten little traction for their arguments against Judge Gorsuch. Even on Monday, the proceedings were overshadowed at times by a hearing across the Capitol, where the F. B. I. director, James B. Comey, confirmed an investigation into contacts between Russia and members of the president’s orbit. But skeptics of Judge Gorsuch hope to amplify several concerns, turning particular attention to his case history on corporate issues and the rights of employees. Repeatedly, the example of a stranded truck driver was invoked: Judge Gorsuch had written a dissent arguing that a trucking company was permitted to fire a driver for abandoning his cargo for his own safety in subzero temperatures. The weather was frigid, Mr. Durbin said, but “not as cold as your dissent, Judge Gorsuch. ” Ms. Feinstein said it remained to be seen whether Judge Gorsuch could acquit himself as “a reasonable mainstream conservative. ” Other Democrats argued that Judge Gorsuch was handpicked by conservative groups like the Federalist Society rather than principally by Mr. Trump. Senator Patrick J. Leahy, Democrat of Vermont, said Judge Gorsuch was “selected by interest groups. ” In their own opening remarks, Republicans often sought to accuse their counterparts of hypocrisy, suggesting they were only now awakening to anxieties over executive authority. “Some of my colleagues seem to have rediscovered an appreciation for the need to confine each branch of the government to its constitutional sphere,” said Senator Charles E. Grassley, Republican of Iowa and the committee’s chairman. Republicans also rejected any claim that the seat belonged to Judge Garland. Senator Lindsey Graham, Republican of South Carolina, said that believing in a purported “great plan to get a Trump nominee on the court” required an expectation that “Trump was going to win to begin with. ” “I didn’t believe that,” said Mr. Graham, who has often criticized Mr. Trump. Senator Ted Cruz, Republican of Texas, extended the argument considerably. This nomination carried “” he said, because “the American people played a very direct role” in the outcome by electing Mr. Trump amid a fight over an open seat. Before the election, Mr. Cruz suggested that if Hillary Clinton won, Republicans might seek to preserve the court vacancy indefinitely.",0
15130,Kelsey Harkness: Women’s Strikers Ignore Atrocities in Muslim World,"Kelsey Harkness, senior news producer and reporter at the Daily Signal spoke with Breitbart News Daily SiriusXM host Raheem Kassam on Wednesday regarding the hijacking of International Women’s Day by America’s radical feminists, as detailed in her recent article, “Why It’s ‘Devastatingly Selfish’ For Strikers To Hijack International Women’s Day. ”[Below is an excerpt from Harkness’s Federalist item found here:  For more than a century, March 8 has been globally recognized as International Women’s Day. The movement is celebrated by the United Nations, which works to “create a historic legacy of   strategies, standards, programs and goals to advance the status of women worldwide. ” While American women still have plenty worth fighting for, the status of women internationally doesn’t compare. Women’s strikers’ decision to hijack this day shows just how far out of touch they are with the more serious problems facing hundreds of millions of women worldwide —  problems ranging from human trafficking, sexual exploitation, forced marriage, and female genital mutilation to brutal murders masked in “honor. ” Our foreign sisters need our help, and International Women’s Day should be about them. Not us. Said Harkness to Kassam regarding today’s protests ignoring many issues that plague the Muslim world, such as genital mutilation, “I think one of the reasons we don’t often hear about it from these women’s march feminists is because it’s a very inconvenient narrative to what they stand for  …    . Harkness continued, a lot of these injustices are actually occurring in Muslim countries and they don’t want to being attention to it. One of the founders of the women’s march is Muslim. Why aren’t we hearing from her on International Women’s day about this issue?” Breitbart News Daily airs on SiriusXM Patriot 125 weekdays from 6:00 a. m. to 9:00 a. m. Eastern. ",0
15131,Ken Adachi – Why Trump Will Win,"Behind the headlines - conspiracies, cover-ups, ancient mysteries and more. Real news and perspectives that you won't find in the mainstream media. Browse: Home / Ken Adachi – Why Trump Will Win Essential Reading “WIPED OFF THE MAP”– The Rumor of the Century By wmw_admin on January 21, 2008 
How President Ahmadinejad’s words were mistranslated and deliberately distorted. So that the term “wiped off the map” has now become synonymous with the Iranian leader’s attitude to Israel – even though he never uttered those words 9/11 and Zion: What Was Israel’s Role? By Nick Kollerstrom on August 31, 2012 
When Netanyahu said the very next day, ‘This is very good for Israel”, he wasn’t just blurting out something indiscreet, he was publicly congratulating the various agents who had worked so hard The “Six Million” Myth By wmw_admin on April 16, 2011 
Long before it became a crime in some countries to question the Holocaust, in fact before it is even supposed to have happened, Zionists were invoking the figure of “Six Million” and talking of a sacrifice for Israel Juri Lina – In the Shadow of Hermes By wmw_admin on July 15, 2011 
Fixed and a “must see” for all serious students of REAL history. This outstanding video from the author of “Under the Sign of Scorpio” challenges many modern myths. With English subtitles Back to the Future!!! Part 1 By wmw_admin on May 21, 2007 
Geological evidence points to an cataclysmic event that almost defies comprehension. The problem is that it may just happen again … and soon too. Affidavit of Richard Tomlinson By wmw_admin on February 14, 2008 
“I firmly believe that there exist documents held by the British Secret Intelligence Service (MI6) that would yield important new evidence into the cause and circumstances leading to the death of the Princess of Wales.” Who Really Murdered Holly Wells and Jessica Chapman? By wmw_admin on February 28, 2015 
Revelations that a US soldier was the killer would have jeopardised public support for the “War on Terror”. Hence a frame-up was required. A Joe Vialls classic recovered.",0
15132,Ted Cruz Calls for $14 Billion Seized from ’El Chapo’ to Fund Border Wall,"Senator Ted Cruz ( ) introduced a bill calling for the use of $14 billion seized from cartel drug lord Joaquin “El Chapo” Guzman to be used to pay for the President’s border wall between the U. S. and Mexico. [“Fourteen billion dollars will go a long way toward building a wall that will keep Americans safe and hinder the illegal flow of drugs, weapons, and individuals across our southern border,” Senator Cruz stated, according to a statement obtained by Breitbart Texas from the senator’s office. “Ensuring the safety and security of Texans is one of my top priorities. ”  The Texas senator said that leveraging criminally forfeited assets from El Chapo and other Mexican cartel members and drug dealers can “offset the wall’s cost and make meaningful progress toward achieving President Trump’s stated border security objectives. ” Senator Cruz introduced the Ensuring Lawful Collection of Hidden Assets to Provide Order (EL CHAPO) Act on Tuesday. “The U. S. Government is currently seeking the criminal forfeiture of more than $14 billion in drug proceeds and illicit profits from El Chapo, the former leader of the Sinaloa drug cartel who was recently extradited to the U. S. to face criminal prosecution for numerous alleged   crimes, including conspiracy to commit murder and money laundering,” Cruz stated. The Mexican government extradited the former Mexican drug kingpin in January, Breitbart Texas’ Ildefonso Ortiz reported. The move to an American prison cell followed months of court battles in Mexico and multiple escapes from prison by Guzman. As part of the agreement with Mexico, Guzman will not face the death penalty in the U. S. for his crimes. Prosecutors filed murder charges against the former drug lord in relation to the killings of a U. S. citizen and two relatives. Bob Price serves as associate editor and senior political news contributor for Breitbart Texas. He is a founding member of the Breitbart Texas team. Follow him on Twitter @BobPriceBBTX and Facebook.",0
15133,"New earthquake rocks Italy, buildings collapse but no deaths reported","Reuters 
A powerful earthquake struck Italy on Sunday in the same central regions that have been rocked by repeated tremors over the past two months, with more homes and churches brought down but no deaths reported. 
The quake, which measured 6.6 according to the U.S. Geological Survey, was bigger than one on Aug. 24 that killed almost 300 people. Many people have fled the area since then, helping to avoid a new devastating death toll. 
The latest quake was felt across much of Italy, striking at 7.40 a.m. (0640 GMT), its epicenter close to the historic Umbrian walled town of Norcia, some 100 km (60 miles) from the university city of Perugia. 
Panicked Norcia residents rushed into the streets and the town’s ancient Basilica of St. Benedict collapsed, leaving just the facade standing. Nuns, monks and locals sank to their knees in the main square in silent prayer before the shattered church. 
“This is a tragedy. It is a coup de grace. The basilica is devastated,” Bishop Renato Boccardo of Norcia told Reuters. 
“Everyone has been suspended in a never-ending state of fear and stress. They are at their wits end,” said Boccardo, referring to the thousands of tremors that have rattled the area since August, including two serious quakes on Wednesday. 
Italy’s Civil Protection unit, which coordinates disaster relief, said numerous houses were destroyed on Sunday in the regions of Umbria and Marche, but either they were deserted at the time or most of the residents managed to escape beforehand. 
“No deaths have been reported, but there are a number of people injured,” said Civil Protection chief Fabrizio Curcio, adding that just one person was in a serious condition. 
Prime Minister Matteo Renzi said Italy was living through extremely difficult times, but promised a massive reconstruction effort in the years ahead regardless of any possible objections from the European Union over the eventual costs. 
“We will rebuild everything, the houses, the churches and the businesses,” Renzi told reporters. “Everything that needs to be done to rebuild these areas will be done.” 
Local authorities said towns and villages already battered by August’s 6.2 quake had suffered further significant damage. 
“This morning’s quake has hit the few things that were left standing. We will have to start from scratch,” Michele Franchi, the deputy mayor of Arquata del Tronto, told Rai television. 
Experts said Sunday’s quake was the strongest here since a 6.9 quake in Italy’s south in 1980 that killed 2,735 people. 
ARTISTIC LOSS 
The destruction of the Norcia basilica was the single most significant loss of Italy’s artistic heritage in an earthquake since a tremor in 1997 caused the collapse of the ceiling of the Basilica of St Francis in Assisi, which is 80 km to the north. 
The frescoed basilica, which is the spiritual, historic and tourist heart of Norcia, was built over the site of the home where the founder of the Benedictine order and his Sister St. Scolastica were born in 480. 
The basilica and monastery complex dates to the 13th century, although shrines to St. Benedict and his sister had been built there since the 8th century. 
Benedict founded the Benedictine order in Subiaco, near Rome. He died in 530 in the monastery at Monte Cassino, south of Rome, which was destroyed during World War Two. That monastery was later rebuilt. 
A number of other churches were also ruined on Sunday, Italian media reported, including Norcia’s Cattedrale di Santa Maria, which was built in the 16th century, while the town hall belltower had deep cracks running through its walls. 
However, most of Norcia’s homes appeared to have withstood the prolonged tremor, with residents praising years of investment by local authorities in anti-seismic protection. 
In the nearby city of Rieti patients were evacuated from a hospital to allow experts to check on structural damage, while hillroads across the region were littered with fallen rocks. 
Sunday’s earthquake was felt as far north as Bolzano, near the border with Austria and as far south as the Puglia region at the southern tip of the Italian peninsula. 
It was also felt strongly in the capital Rome, where transport authorities shut down the metro system for precautionary checks. Authorities also toured the city’s main Roman Catholic basilicas looking for possible damage. 
Italy sits on two geological fault lines, making it one of the most seismically active countries in Europe. 
Gianluca Valinsese, a scientist at Italy’s National Institute for Geophysics and Vulcanology, warned the latest series of quakes could continue for weeks in a domino effect along the central Apennine fault system. 
Italy’s deadliest quake since the start of the 20th century came in 1908, when a tremor followed by a tsunami killed an estimated 80,000 people in the southern regions of Reggio Calabria and Sicily. 
(Writing by Crispian Balmer and Philip Pullella; Additional reporting by Steve Scherer, Gavin Jones and Mark Bendeich; Editing by Mark Heinrich)",0
15134,"Bengals CB Pacman Jones Arrested, Charged With Assault - Breitbart","Cincinnati Bengals cornerback Adam “Pacman” Jones was arrested Monday night on multiple charges, Fox 19 reports. [Jones was booked into the Hamilton County Justice Center in Cincinnati, OH at 12:25 a. m. Tuesday on misdemeanor charges of assault, disorderly conduct and obstructing official business. He was later charged with felony charge of harassment with a bodily substance after police say he spit on a jail nurse.  Jones is accused of yelling and banging on a glass door and cursing at a security guard. He then reportedly pushed the guard and poked his eye. Police say when they tried to arrest the    he tried to pull away from officers and take off. Jones is also accused of kicking,   and refusing to enter a police car. “Pacman” has a lengthy history of arrests over his long career, missing the entire 2007 season and half of 2008 for   incidents. Follow Trent Baker on Twitter @MagnifiTrent",0
15135,"Election: “Today, a kingdom will be toppled.”","Election: “Today, a kingdom will be toppled.” November 08, 2016 President Obama aboard Marine One departs on the last day of campaigning from the White House. 
On Election Day Eve, Senior Editor of Charisma Magazine releases an Election Day dream, ""Today, a kingdom will be toppled."" 
Jennifer LeClaire describes the dream as ""spiritually disturbing"". She shares of the many people that have contacted her with dreams they have had as well. The claims of prophetic messages range from declaring Donald J. Trump as the next commander-in-chief to Obama not handing over the keys to the White House. The visions of chaotic turmoil disrupting in the streets of America have also been very vividly shared. LeClaire like many of us admits that she has never seen such prophetic whirlwind over an election in her lifetime. 
The night before Election Day she had a dream about the number of prophetic voices and among them she saw some with selfish agendas either for monetary gain or seeking accolades from man. During LeClarie’s time of reflection after this powerful dream she assures to have heard these words clearly: “Today, a kingdom will be toppled”. Although she is still praying over what she believes to have been divinely revealed, the urgency to share the dream was clear. 
In an interview with TRUNEWS last week LeClaire clearly shared her position as one with a focus on intense prayer. She talked about the importance for the Church to be lead by the spirit and keep their faith on Christ. 
Original article by Charisma News / TRUNEWS analysis. 
Article by , Correspondent for TRUNEWS Got a news tip? Email us at Help support the ministry of TRUNEWS with your one-time or monthly gift of financial support. DONATE NOW ! DOWNLOAD THE TRUNEWS MOBILE APP! CLICK HERE! Donate Today! Support TRUNEWS to help build a global news network that provides a credible source for world news 
We believe Christians need and deserve their own global news network to keep the worldwide Church informed, and to offer Christians a positive alternative to the anti-Christian bigotry of the mainstream news media Top Stories",0
15136,VIDEO : Bernie Supporter Hijacks Hillary Crowd and Tells them NOT to Vote For Her – TruthFeed,"VIDEO : Bernie Supporter Hijacks Hillary Crowd and Tells them NOT to Vote For Her VIDEO : Bernie Supporter Hijacks Hillary Crowd and Tells them NOT to Vote For Her Videos By Amy Moreno November 5, 2016 Hillary got trolled at her own rally by a scheduled speaker! 
During a small, lackluster Clinton rally a scheduled speaker took the stage and urged everyone NOT to vote for Hillary Clinton. 
Ha ha ha! 
The young man is a college sophomore and Bernie supporter. 
He told the small crowd of people NOT to vote for Hillary because of her strong ties to crooked Wall Street before he was escorted off stage. 
Awesome! 
Watch the video: Bernie Sanders supporter and college student speaker calls out Hillary Clinton at her own rally, security pulls him off stage 11/5/2016 pic.twitter.com/EKMV15ZScd This is a movement – we are the political OUTSIDERS fighting against the FAILED GLOBAL ESTABLISHMENT! Join the resistance and help us fight to put America First! Amy Moreno is a Published Author , Pug Lover & Game of Thrones Nerd. You can follow her on Twitter here and Facebook here . Support the Trump Movement and help us fight Liberal Media Bias. Please LIKE and SHARE this story on Facebook or Twitter. ",0
15137,Book Pins Corporate Greed on a Lust Bred at Harvard - The New York Times,"If you were to look for one ingredient that binds together the nation’s chief executives, top managers and boards of directors, you’d find a remarkably consistent commonality, now and in generations past: A disproportionate number of them are graduates of Harvard Business School. An M. B. A. from H. B. S. as those in the know refer to it, has long been the ultimate Good Housekeeping stamp of approval on any résumé. Jamie Dimon of JPMorgan Chase, Jeffrey Immelt of General Electric, Sheryl Sandberg of Facebook  —   and the list goes on and on. The number of Fortune 500 chief executives who earned their business degrees at Harvard is three times the total from the next most popular business school, the Wharton School at the University of Pennsylvania. It is hard to overstate the school’s influence on corporate America. That’s why a new, exhaustive history of the school is causing a stir before it is even out. The book, “The Golden Passport,” by the veteran business journalist Duff McDonald, is a richly reported indictment of the school as a leading reason that corporate America is disdained by much of the country. “The Harvard Business School became (and remains) so intoxicated with its own importance that it blithely assumed away one of the most important questions it could ask, which was whether the capitalist system it was uniquely positioned to help improve was designed properly for the long term,” Mr. McDonald writes in the book, to be released in two weeks. His answer? “With economic inequality at a   high and meaningful progress on climate change and other social and environmental issues embarrassingly paltry, the answer to that question is obvious. It is not. ” Citing a report from the Aspen Institute, Mr. McDonald explains that “when students enter business school, they believe that the purpose of a corporation is to produce goods and services for the benefit of society. ” “When they graduate,” he continues, “they believe that it is to maximize shareholder value. ” Mr. McDonald brilliantly tells the story of the school’s creation in 1908, when its mission was to educate the next generation of business managers. Edwin Gay, its first dean, defined business as the “activity of making things to sell at a profit  —   decently. ” But, the author says, somewhere during the   something went very wrong: “The money got too good. ” The money he refers to is the tsunami of job offers that Harvard students received from Wall Street, and the funding the school raked in from its   alumni. In fairness, Harvard Business School makes an easy punching bag, given its stature as the top feeder for big business. This is hardly the first time the institution has been criticized. And it is too much to paint all   alumni as being ethically challenged, as Mr. McDonald appears to imply. Indeed, many of the school’s vaunted alumni are among the most talented executives in the country, and many are trying to think about stakeholders holistically. Yet in example after example, Mr. McDonald sets out his thesis that money and influence have distorted both the school’s curriculum and the worldview espoused by its professors, who themselves are on the payroll of corporate America as   advisers and consultants. “For a whole semester, for example, the school is basically bought and paid for by the consulting firms,” Mr. McDonald writes, quoting Casey Gerald, a member of the class of 2014 whose rousing speech at the school went viral on YouTube. The moneyed interests of employers prompted Harvard, Mr. McDonald contends, to hire the economist Michael C. Jensen, a financial economics specialist, in 1985. Mr. Jensen is famous for advocating the “  theory”  —   the idea that investors, rather than corporate managers or the board of directors, should have the most influence. Mr. McDonald describes Mr. Jensen’s arrival as “the moment of peak paradox for H. B. S. ,” contending that Mr. Jensen’s “ideologically driven hijacking of the study of finance served as a cynical repudiation of everything that had come before him at the school. ” With the elevation of Mr. Jensen, Mr. McDonald writes, “H. B. S. had nurtured the professional manager from his birth and then helped to kill him. ” The book is filled with anecdotal evidence of Mr. McDonald’s argument. In once instance, he draws from a paper Mr. Jensen   in which the professor recounted a   story about the playwright George Bernard Shaw. As the story goes, Shaw had asked “an actress if she would sleep with him for a million dollars,” Mr. McDonald writes. “When she agreed, he changed his offer to $10, to which she responded with outrage, asking him what kind of woman he thought she was. His reply: ‘We’ve already established that. Now we’re just haggling about the price. ’” To Mr. McDonald, Harvard teaches its students that “we’re all whores. ” Continuing his train of logic, he writes: “If everybody assumes you’re a whore, you might as well grab as much money as possible while you’re still in demand. ” Mr. McDonald’s book also makes a provocative argument that Harvard Business School, and, by extension, the American business school complex, is responsible for    compensation schemes for top management. He quotes Julian Birkinshaw, professor of strategy and entrepreneurship at the London Business School, saying, “There’s no doubt that business schools are complicit” in the exorbitant pay packages in boardrooms. “We benefit financially from it as well,” the quotation continues. “Clearly, the fees we can charge M. B. A. students are correlated with the salaries they can get when they go get jobs. ” In the end, Mr. McDonald acknowledges that “one shouldn’t expect Harvard Business School to be teaching courses on how to overthrow the capitalist economy. ” But Mr. McDonald does raise enough salient questions that maybe the school should be asking: Should we create a case study about ourselves?",0
15138,Where the World’s Wealthiest Invest Their Billions - The New York Times,"Being part of the global billionaire class is beyond the imagination of most people. At the threshold of $1 billion, a 5 percent return would yield an annual interest payment of $50 million  —   without ever touching the principal. But how billionaires, from those in the single digits to near the top, invest shows a range of options for the very wealthiest in the world. One thing they all have in common is a large amount of money in cash or equivalently liquid securities. Here’s a look at how 10 billionaires have made and invested their money, according to public filings gathered by the financial research firm  .  Chairman of LVMHEstimated net worth: $38. 1 billion Bernard Arnault, 67, is the richest man in France. Trained as a civil engineer, he got his start in business from his father, who had a successful construction company. He shifted the focus of his father’s company to real estate and then turned his eye to luxury goods. Through his Groupe Arnault, the   Parisian sits at the helm of the luxury goods companies Christian Dior and LVMH Moët Hennessy Louis Vuitton. He is also a major art collector, having acquired works by Pablo Picasso and Andy Warhol. His vast wealth sits predominantly in companies he controls. He has $34. 8 billion held among Christian Dior, LVMH and Carrefour, a French retail chain. The next largest distribution is in cash at $2. 9 billion this is money from salaries, dividends and holdings that give him liquidity when he needs it. Then come the homes. He has a mansion in Paris worth $55 million and a home in the Bahamas worth $30 million, as well as yachts and art. His wealth shows how a single concentrated position in a company can increase your worth tremendously. Former chief executive of MicrosoftEstimated net worth: $30. 8 billion Steven A. Ballmer, 60, scored a perfect 800 on the mathematics portion of the SAT and punched his ticket from an elite private school in Detroit to Harvard University. In his sophomore year, he lived in the same dorm as Bill Gates, the   of Microsoft. In 1980, he dropped out of Stanford University’s business school to start working for Mr. Gates. He was paid $50, 000 but given a stake in the nascent company. He rose to become chief executive in 2000  —   a post he held for nearly 14 years. Shortly after stepping down, he bought the Los Angeles Clippers basketball team for a record $2 billion. The team had been mired in controversy with a previous owner, Donald Sterling. Even though Mr. Ballmer left Microsoft, the vast bulk of his wealth remains in company stock  —   $21. 4 billion. He has $7. 3 billion more in cash. It makes his stake in the Clippers seems paltry. He also has $450 million in Twitter shares. He owns a $14 million home in Hunts Point, Wash. and properties on Whidbey Island worth about $4 million. Deputy chairwoman of AltanaEstimated net worth: $20 billion Susanne Klatten, 54, the richest woman in Germany, can trace the source of her wealth to “the ultimate driving machine,” BMW. Her grandfather founded an industrial conglomerate that owned the German automotive company  —   and had a stake in its more staid rival,  . The company also owned the chemical giant Altana. Her father, Herbert Quandt, took over the family businesses when his father died in 1954. When he died in 1982, Ms. Klatten received stakes in BMW and Altana, of which she is now the sole owner. As her father was credited with saving BMW from bankruptcy, she is credited with making Altana a top company in Germany. She is also chairwoman of the SGL Group, which produces graphite and   products. Her wealth is tied up in her companies, with over half, or $12. 1 billion, in the BMW Group. An additional 16 percent is in Altana, and 1 percent is in the SGL Group. She has 22. 5 percent in cash. She has a family office that creates privacy around the breakdown of her wealth. Chairman of WiproEstimated net worth: $10 billion Azim Premji, 71, was born into the family that started Western India Vegetable Products, which produced hydrogenated oils. When Mr. Premji was at Stanford University, his father, who started the company, died, and he left college to take it over. At 23, he became chief executive. He diversified the   company’s offerings into soap and baby care products. In 1981, he ventured into information technology. The company boomed through the 1980s and ’90s, and in 2000 the renamed Wipro went public in New York. In 2009, Mr. Premji handed over the    running of the company. He devotes time to philanthropy, having given half his Wipro shares to a charity that supports education and health causes in India. His wealth appears to remain fairly concentrated, with 64 percent of it in Wipro shares. An additional 13 percent is in a related company, Wipro Enterprises, and 20 percent is shielded by his family office. Public records show that he has a $20 million stake in JM Financial (about 0. 2 percent of his wealth) $180 million in cash and $1 million in property in Mumbai. Given his total worth, his properties and holdings are probably much greater, but he has structured his wealth to protect his privacy. Director of 3G Capital Estimated net worth: $8. 6 billion Carlos Alberto Sicupira, who turns 69 this year, hails from São Paulo, Brazil, which ranks just behind New York City (where he keeps a residence) for the most billionaires in the Americas. He began his career in finance at Banco de Investimentos Garantia. He later served as chief executive of Lojas Americanas, a Brazilian shopping chain. He is a founder of 3G Capital, a private equity firm that has become known in recent years for partnering with Warren E. Buffett, the   man in the world, on deals like the acquisition of Heinz in 2013 and, two years later, its merger with Kraft. Much of Mr. Sicupira’s wealth rests in a series of deals 3G did with breweries starting in 1999. He has a $5. 8 billion stake in the combined   InBev, which accounts for nearly 67 percent of his wealth. He has nearly $1 billion more in 3G itself. He still holds a $220 million stake in Lojas Americanas, where he remains chairman. He has an additional $1. 6 billion in cash and a $2. 5 million apartment on Fifth Avenue in Manhattan. Owner of the Arison GroupEstimated net worth: $5. 6 billion Shari Arison, 59, was born in New York but splits her time now between Tel Aviv and Miami. Her father, Ted Arison, started Carnival Cruise Line in 1972. In 1990, he moved back to Tel Aviv, where he was born, and established Arison Investments. It later acquired Bank Hapoalim, Israel’s largest bank, and renamed itself the Arison Group. It has investments in finance, real estate, infrastructure, renewable energy and water. When her father died in 1999, Ms. Arison inherited 35 percent of his wealth. (She has a brother, Micky, who owns the Miami Heat basketball team.) As owner of the Arison Group and a philanthropist, she promotes good deeds. The investment group’s motto is “Doing good is good for business,” and through her charity she has sponsored Good Deeds Day, which encourages people to volunteer. Ms. Arison’s wealth is divided fairly evenly among different investments. She owns $1. 6 billion of stock in Carnival Cruise Line, $1. 6 billion of stock in Bank Hapoalim, $1. 1 billion in the Arison Group itself and holds $1 billion in cash. She has a stake in an Israeli housing and infrastructure company and homes in the Bal Harbour section of Miami and in Tel Aviv. Executive chairman of Shenzhou International Group HoldingsEstimated net worth: $4. 3 billion Ever worn Nike, Adidas, Puma or Uniqlo? Those items may have come from one of Ma Jianrong’s factories. His company is the leading textile manufacturer in China. Mr. Ma, 52, began working in the textile industry as a teenager and later earned a master’s degree from Zhejiang University of Technology. His father, Ma Baoxing, was chairman of the weaving company that became Shenzhou International Group Holdings. In the late 1990s, the younger Mr. Ma took over the company and increased its revenue and net profit by 23 times in seven years. A member of the Chinese Communist Party, he is an official in the Zhejiang Provincial People’s Congress. The exact composition of his wealth is hard to determine. He seems to have about $340 million in cash, with the rest in Shenzhou International Group Holdings. Executive chairman of African Rainbow MineralsEstimated net worth: $2. 1 billion Patrice Motsepe, 55, was born in Johannesburg and began his career as a lawyer with American firms in South Africa. He attended university and law school during the apartheid era and practiced law for six years, becoming the first black partner in a South African law firm. In 1994, after Nelson Mandela became the country’s first black president, Mr. Motsepe quit law to start Future Mining, a mining services company. With that as his start, he began acquiring mines and other mining companies. By 2004, the accumulated entities became African Rainbow Minerals. He owns the Mamelodi Sundowns Football Club, a soccer team in South Africa’s premier league, and last year he started a private equity firm and financial services company. His wealth, which places him among South Africa’s richest people, is well diversified. The largest portion of his wealth, 36 percent, is in cash and its equivalents. He has nearly 30 percent in Africa Rainbow Minerals, and a similar amount in Sanlam, a financial services firm of which he is deputy chairman. Some 5 percent of his wealth is in the Harmony Gold Mining Company. Two homes are worth $7 million, or   of 1 percent of his wealth.   of the Panda Restaurant GroupEstimated net worth: $1. 5 billion In search of quick Chinese food? Panda Express, with its 1, 900 locations around the United States, is there to serve some up. Peggy Cherng, 69, founded the chain with her husband, Andrew. When the restaurant began expanding from Glendale, Calif. into the   chain it is today, she used her science background to make the business   early on and then applied her knowledge of logistics to streamline the process. Ms. Cherng, who was born in Myanmar (then Burma) was raised in Hong Kong and met her husband at Baker University in Kansas. She holds a master’s degree in computer science and a Ph. D. in electrical engineering, and began her career at the defense contractor McDonnell Douglas. She and her husband live in California. Her largest holding is in the Panda Restaurant Group, which also owns Panda Inn. It is worth $1. 2 billion, or 77 percent of her wealth. Nearly 19 percent of her wealth is in cash. She also has a large position, some $60 million, in the Golden Eagle Retail Group, a real estate development company. The rest of her wealth is in three homes in California. Chief executive of InstagramEstimated net worth: $1. 2 billion Smile, you’re a billionaire. Kevin Systrom, 33, is a founder of the   site Instagram, on which Beyoncé announced her latest pregnancy and set a record for most shares. Mr. Systrom went to Stanford University and, after graduating in 2006, put in time at Google before venturing out on his own. In 2010, he and a friend got the idea for Instagram. Two years later, the company was acquired by Facebook for $1 billion in cash and stock. He owned 40 percent of the company. He remains the chief executive. Mr. Systrom’s wealth is tied to Facebook  —   at 88 percent. But he has about $160 million in cash. He also has $600, 000 in Walmart stock from his role as a director of the company and the chairman of its technology and   committee.",0
15139,Be More Productive. Shorten the Workweek. - The New York Times,"Editors’ note: We’re resurfacing this story from the archives to show you that you should be taking more time off. IN the Midwest we’re all very aware of seasons and seasonal change. The cold, the warm, the wet, the dry, the hot  —   we have it all every year. Some seasons are more welcome than others, but they’re all good about one thing: change. Change is important. When we were growing up, we got summers off from school. Summer vacation was change. It was something to look forward to. A few months of something different really meant a lot. We grow out of a lot as we grow up. One of the most unfortunate things we leave behind is a regular dose of change. Nowhere is this more evident than at work. Work in February is the same as work in May. June’s the same as October. And it would be hard to tell August from April. Yes, some businesses are more seasonal than others, but ultimately the stuff we do at work isn’t that much different  —   it’s just busier some times than others. That isn’t change, it’s just more volume. I wanted to do something about this. So, at 37signals, the software company I’ve run for the past 13 years, we take inspiration from the seasons and build change into our work schedule. For example, from May through October, we switch to a   workweek. And not 40 hours crammed into four days, but 32 hours comfortably fit into four days. We don’t work the same amount of time, we work less. Most staff workers take Fridays off, but some choose a different day. Nearly all of us enjoy   weekends. Work ends Thursday, the weekend starts Friday, and work starts back up on Monday. The benefits of a   schedule with   weekends are obvious. But there’s one surprising effect of the changed schedule: better work gets done in four days than in five. When there’s less time to work, you waste less time. When you have a compressed workweek, you tend to focus on what’s important. Constraining time encourages quality time. At 37signals there’s another thing we do to celebrate the seasons: we cover the cost of a weekly   agriculture share for each employee. We enjoy this benefit   but fresh fruit and produce really glisten in the summer months. It’s a simple way to celebrate change. In the spirit of continual change, this summer we tried something new. We decided to give everyone the month of June to work on whatever they wanted. It wasn’t vacation, but it was vacation from whatever work was already scheduled. We invited everyone to shelve their nonessential work and to use the time to explore their own ideas. People worked independently or joined up with other employees on team projects. The only rule was: explore, see if there are ways to make our existing products better, or come up with a new product idea, create a new business model, or do whatever is of most interest. Then, in July, we asked each person to share, with the rest of the staff, whatever idea he or she came up with, on a day we set aside as “Pitchday. ” The     experiment led to the greatest burst of creativity I’ve seen from our   staff. It was fun, and it was a big morale booster. It was also ultraproductive. So much so that we’ll likely start repeating the   project a few times a year. Are you thinking of introducing change to your business or work life? Try following the seasons. There are few things that are as regular and predictable, yet so fresh and different.",0
15140,Five Long TV Cons Worth a Short Binge - The New York Times,"Murder is a cold, hard fact. A con job, long or short, is more of a  —   suggestion. It’s open to interpretation. You could argue that it’s the better analogy for a time of rampant uncertainty and alternative truths. To buttress the argument, you could point out the arrival of five new television series about con artists in the last year, all of   interest and entertainment value. “The Catch” on ABC, “Good Behavior” on TNT, “Imposters” on Bravo, “Shut Eye” on Hulu and “Sneaky Pete” on Amazon all deserved more attention than they received, and merit a binge now. That would be especially timely for “The Catch,” which begins its second season on Thursday night. (If you wanted to go to extremes, you could even catch up on all five  —   you’re only looking at 45 episodes.) Con artist stories provide an ideal framework for a problematic love story, with their natural focus on duplicity and the question of whether someone can be trusted in the long run. And all five of these shows make the love connection, “The Catch” and “Imposters” most centrally. They also work well as a vehicle for the secrets and simmering competition of family drama, on display most prominently here in “Good Behavior” and “Sneaky Pete. ” Here’s a quick guide to this   in what I consider ascending order of bingeability. (The first four are available on multiple streaming services “Sneaky Pete” is only on Amazon Prime.) Each one can steal 10 hours of your life before you know it. A married couple (Jeffrey Donovan and KaDee Strickland) manage a string of Los Angeles storefront psychics, while working a complicated con on a rich bereaved mother (Mel Harris) without the knowledge of their dangerous Roma boss (Angus Sampson). CON Mr. Donovan’s character starts to have visions after hitting his head, an unnecessary complication that makes the show feel like the wrong kind of HBO drama. Crime appears to be the sole occupation of Los Angeles’s Roma and Hispanic populations. PRO It looks great, Mr. Donovan is just about ideally cast, and the anthropology of   flimflammery feels authentic. Ditched and cleaned out by his fiancée (Inbar Lavi) a man (Rob Heaps) discovers that he’s only the latest in a string of victims. Three of the woman’s marks set out to find her. CON Through four episodes, the performances are, for the most part, just good enough, though Uma Thurman joined the cast in Episode 3 as a happily violent enforcer named Lenny. PRO The only    comedy in this group, “Imposters” is funnier, in both broad and subtle ways, than you would expect from a Bravo show. The head of a     firm (Mireille Enos) discovers that the con man she’s been chasing is actually her fiancé (Peter Krause) who disappears with all her money. CON It has the slick superficiality of a Shonda Rhimes factory product. Ms. Enos and Mr. Krause, both fine actors, don’t really work as     romantic leads. PRO It has the propulsive, addictive watchability of a Shonda Rhimes factory product. John Simm, as a British gangster deeply involved in a bromance with Mr. Krause’s character, is hilarious. A   seductive con artist (Michelle Dockery) who’s trying to regain custody of her son stumbles into a relationship with a softhearted, sexy hit man (Juan Diego Botto). CON A pronounced tendency to melodrama. PRO It’s good on Southern atmosphere, and Ms. Dockery, free of her role as Lady Mary on “Downton Abbey,” is terrific as a cynical,   American grifter. She and Mr. Botto are easily the hottest couple on this list. Released from prison as the show begins, a scam artist named Marius (Giovanni Ribisi) pretends to be his longtime cellmate, Pete, moving in with Pete’s family and becoming a key member of the family   business while dodging a violent New York gambler (Bryan Cranston). CON The story, shifting between the city and Pete’s new upstate home, is more complicated and heavily populated than it needs to be. PRO The writing is sharp, and the cast is phenomenal: In addition to Mr. Ribisi and Mr. Cranston, the regulars include Margo Martindale, Peter Gerety, Marin Ireland, Jay O. Sanders, Michael O’Keefe and Alison Wright.",0
15141,Why Companies Have Started to Coach New Parents - The New York Times,"When Lindsay Abt was pregnant with her first child, she remembers reading a book for expectant mothers that cautioned against making too many big life changes at once. She went ahead and made three anyway. “I broke all of the rules,” she said. Not only did she take on a job with greater responsibility  —   she is a partner at the accounting firm Ernst  Young  —   she had to move her family to Florida from New York to do it. She moved in July 2014 while her husband stayed behind to sell their house. Her son was born that October. Throughout the transition, she had a dedicated coach, Delaine, provided by her employer, as part of a new program at the firm to help parents prepare for parental leave  —   and ease the transition when they return. In   phone sessions each month, Delaine helped Ms. Abt think through what was important to her  —   being home by bath time every evening? Working from home once a week?  —   and how to set limits during a long workweek to make that happen. “You can have a grand plan, but it’s something that needs to be figured out on a    basis because no two days are the same,” Ms. Abt, 39, said. At a time when new parents may find themselves overwhelmed  —   even sobbing late at night as they deal with their new   responsibilities while trying to hold down a   job  —   a growing number of companies are making efforts to soften the blow. They are providing employees with coaching sessions, either in person, over the phone or through small group sessions that may be broadcast over the web. The services are often available to new fathers, too. But employers are not doing this entirely out of the goodness of their corporate hearts: They are hoping to retain more women by helping them through a stressful time, while eventually improving gender diversity among their senior employees. Other companies that are introducing more generous parental leave policies realize the benefits need to be managed more thoughtfully. Perhaps not surprisingly, the employers who started offering these benefits are organizations that often demand long hours from employees or are competing for talent: The big accounting firms, Ernst  Young, KPMG and Grant Thornton, as well as MetLife, Deutsche Bank and Etsy all offer some level of coaching to workers, whether in person or online, regardless of gender. Proskauer Rose offers coaching to its female lawyers, KKR to its female investment professionals, while Kohl’s is running a pilot for all of its workers at its corporate headquarters. BDO, another accounting firm, is introducing a coaching program conducted over the web next month. “There are more and more companies every month looking into this, but we are still probably one to three years away from getting to any critical mass,” said Kyra Cavanaugh, president of Life Meets Work, a consulting firm that provides coaches and training to employers. Companies have strong financial incentives to make their coaching and transition programs work. Ernst  Young, which expanded its policy this month to 16 weeks of paid leave for all new parents, said it typically costs the firm 1. 5 times an employee’s salary to replace them. “When we train supervisors about how to be supportive, we see   effects for the company,” said Leslie Hammer, an industrial organizational psychologist and professor at Oregon Health  Science University. That might be from reduced turnover costs, less absenteeism and fewer health expenses as well as workplace safety issues, even among employees working in offices, she said. But another reason employers are introducing these programs, consultants say, is to illustrate that it’s all right to take advantage of newly announced or existing leave programs. “What they are finding is they need to change the culture,” said Karen Rubin, managing director of Talking Talent, a consultancy that provides coaching to organizations. “It is not enough to say employees have a year’s maternity leave available, but demonstrate that it is safe to take it. This is where managers and senior leadership make the difference. ” For a parent coaching program to be successful, academics, psychologists and consultants say, it cannot be an isolated benefit involving just an employee and the coach, or simply a perk that companies offer for competitive reasons. Instead, it needs to be part of a broader change that involves and trains supervisors. Twitter  —   which recently extended its leave policy for all parents to up to 20 weeks of full pay  —   is offering formal coaching services to its managers. “At the end of the day, it’s helping us reshape how we think about our business since we have an active population of parents going out,” said Laura Brady, vice president of compensation and benefits at Twitter. “It’s making us think about workplace planning and development opportunities for those who may want to cover for someone going out. So not only is this a parent and manager issue, but I think ultimately it extends to all employees. ” Every employer takes a slightly different approach to parental leave programs. Etsy recently expanded its leave policy to 26 weeks for all parents and formally introduced a coaching program in April. Employees at its Brooklyn headquarters can meet with a coach in person, typically several weeks before they go on leave and after they return. Managers are also provided with training, and workers in other locations can participate remotely. Morgan Stanley, Bank of America and O’Melveny  Myers, a law firm, all offer support to some employees. Amy Beacom, founder and chief executive of the Center for Parental Leave Leadership, has developed a parental leave support program that uses technology to reach more employees and involve all affected parties: the employee, managers and any team members. “Using assessment tools as a guide, the work culminates in an action plan that is shared with all stakeholders before they go on leave,” she said. For now, parent coaching has not been extended to the types of jobs held by   workers, who have less control over when and where they work and for whom these programs may have the biggest impact. And because these programs are still largely in their infancy, it is hard to determine what sort of   effects they will have. But for now, some programs appear to provide the perception of support while reshaping the thinking of at least some members of an influential group: fathers. Jerry Whelan, a partner at Ernst  Young, said his wife had twin boys in April. He said he spoke to the twins  —   in utero  —   each night, pleading with them to make their debut after his busy tax season. They complied, arriving 11 and 12 minutes after the tax day deadline. His wife had an emergency cesarean section and needed time to recuperate, meaning he was the primary caregiver for two weeks. Mr. Whelan started preparing with his coach in January. “By the time the twins arrived, we were ready to go,” he said. “The ability for me to disconnect from work and focus exclusively to take care of the babies was a godsend. ” After being a   workaholic for so long, Mr. Whelan said, he and his coach discussed questions such as what kind of father he wanted to be, as well as how to deal with delegating more to his colleagues, which he said made him a better manager. He said the sessions also helped him realize that he shouldn’t call his time away vacation, but “parental leave,” to send a message to both his team and his clients. “I thought it was important to do the coaching program, to take formal leave and get involved in the fathers’ network and the women’s network in a new way,” Mr. Whelan said. He now plans to take another month of leave when his wife returns to work. “It really opened me up as well to talk about these things in an emotional way that people have been hesitant to in the past. ”",0
15142,PODCAST: What Travel Can And Can’t Give A Man,"My newest podcast discusses the role of modern travel on the development of men. After reviewing how travel is most commonly used, I share the specific benefits travel can offer along with the mistaken ideas of what naive people think travel can accomplish. I discuss seven of my favorite travel rules for men and also take an aside to discuss the growing phenomenon of finding a foreign wife, which is harder than many men think. I close out the podcast by prescribing a strategy of using travel to maximum your strength and potential.
Listen on Soundcloud or download the MP3:

Listen on Youtube:

Subscribe on iTunes or add the RSS feed to your favorite podcast app. If you like the podcast, please leave a rating and review on iTunes.
Previous Podcast: How To Become More Resilient 
",0
15143,Major Garrett spots trouble at Trump rally but swears it’s ‘not a metaphor’,"Major Garrett spots trouble at Trump rally but swears it’s ‘not a metaphor’ Posted at 8:11   Sarah D. @MajorCBS @realDonaldTrump Probably wasn’t… rigged properly. 
🙂…🕶…😎. 
— Jeremy Cays (@jwcays) October 27, 2016 
A bit of bad luck for the Trump campaign today, as captured by CBS’ Major Garrett: Part of the @realDonaldTrump rally backdrop collapsed here in Geneva, Ohio. Being repaired. #notametaphor #iswear pic.twitter.com/n4AWLKIyHO 
— Major Garrett (@MajorCBS) October 27, 2016 
But even though Garrett says it’s not a metaphor, others can’t help but see one:",0
15144,Bloomberg’s U.S. Consumer Comfort Index Highest It Has Been in a Decade - Breitbart,"Bloomberg’s U. S. Consumer Comfort Index has reached its highest point in a decade following positive assessments about the economy and the buying climate, according to Bloomberg Markets. [The consumer comfort index rose to 50. 6 as of March 5, the highest it has been since March 2007, from 49. 8. The index has surpassed 50 only six times since April 2002.  A measure of the economy rose to 48. 2, the highest since August 2001, from 46. 8, while a measure of buying climate rose to 44. 5, the highest since April 2002, from 43. 7. The stock market has jumped to record highs and the job market has been particularly strong since President Trump’s inauguration, causing the consumer comfort index to rise. Respondents to the index view the buying climate as the most favorable it has been in 15 years, a sign that there might be an uptick in household spending after a slow start in 2017. Sentiment has been strong among Republicans as well as political independents, who were the most confident about the economy and the buying climate since July 2001. Republicans’ sentiment has surpassed that of the Democrats by the most since September 2013. Confidence among people in the South and Midwest,   employees, and married Americans rose. For   employees, they were the most confident since October 2015, while married Americans saw the highest levels of comfort in a decade. Confidence did, however, fall for people living in the West and Northeast.",0
15145,"This Indonesian Volcano Is Deadly, But When Night Falls It Turns Into Something Stunningly Beautiful","posted by Eddie As night begins to fall across East Java, Indonesia, the color palette of the world grows more subdued. That is, except in one area, where one of the most spectacular shows on Earth is about to take place. This is Kawah Ijen, a living volcano in eastern Java. It looks just like any other active volcano. That is to say: nothing grows on it, nor, if it can be helped, goes near it. Yet there are people who often have to venture to the volcano, regardless of the danger it may cause. This is because of the hot vents around the volcano slope, which pump out sulfur – something that can be extracted and sold and which, as a result, can help earn locals a living. This means that sometimes around Kawah Ijen a number of sulfur miners can be seen hanging around the vents. Some of them hold damp rags to their mouths to act as barriers against breathing in the toxic sulfur gas. It’s a necessary precaution for those who aim to harvest this bright yellow element. This process, however, is made easier by the addition of ceramic pipes, which were attached to one of the volcano’s vents. When the sulfur gas comes up through the Earth’s crust, then, it enters the pipes, cools into a liquid and eventually becomes solid. That’s when the workmen fragment the sulfur and heave the resulting deposits onto their backs to transport it away. Still, the miners don’t get much for their labor. Each pound of hard-earned sulfur, in fact, earns them less than 25 cents’ return. Still, there are some perks to the backbreaking work –particularly for those who graft when the sun is set. That’s when night finally does fall, an amazing change takes place. The deadly sulfur gas that was hardly visible before suddenly erupts in blue blazing flame. And those hot flames trickle down the mountainside – like a river. This amazing feat of nature works like this. The gaseous sulfur that pumps up through the Earth is extremely hot, at 1,112 degrees Fahrenheit, and that makes it very, very combustible. And once this heated sulfur comes in contact with oxygen, it bursts into flames – specifically, electric blue-colored ones. These cobalt fires, moreover, leap out of the vents to heights of up to 16 feet. Even as it burns, though, some of the gas begins to condense. And as it condenses, it forms liquid, yet continues to burn. That’s why you get liquid rivers of blue flame sometimes flowing down Kawah Ijen – and why it is also known as the Blue Fire Crater. But this eyecatching spectacle isn’t totally unique to the East Java volcano. After all, similar “rivers” of blue fire occur at Yellowstone National Park, Wyoming, when forest fires mix with sulfur from vents. The result, then, is a brilliant blue burst of flame. One of the most intriguing aspects of the blue flame phenomenon, however, is that it can only be witnessed at night. During the day, even though the fires burn just the same, they’re pretty much invisible to the naked eye. Indeed, finding molten sulfur around hot vents, which are also known as fumaroles, is not uncommon. This is because sulfur has a low melting point compared to other subterranean elements. As a consequence, the heat of the vent is often enough to turn the sulfur into a gas. What’s more, there are legends of this kind of fire that stretch back thousands of years. Ancient people living in Italy described this phenomenon, saying that they saw molten blue fire flowing down Mount Vesuvius as well as on a small island near Sicily called – aptly enough – Vulcano. And according to French photographer Olivier Grunewald, those old reports may have some basis in fact. “Blue flames may also be observed at the base of the plume of erupting volcanoes, when ash explosions occur,” he told National Geographic in January 2014. Indeed, Grunewald has explored other parts of the world where similar phenomena occur. In the Afar region in Ethiopia, for example, there is a volcano called Dallol which sometimes emits a blue-tinged light. And Grunewald is just one of the photographers who has braved Kawah Ijen to document its bright lights on film. Another is Reuben Wu, whose astonishing images here intimately show the power and danger of the sulfurous mountain. Speaking of danger, there’s yet another peril to be found at Kawah Ijen, in the form of its crater lake. That just happens to be the largest body of water featuring hydrochloric acid on the planet, at 650 feet deep and almost half a mile wide. But where does the acid come from? It comes from the volcano itself, in fact, which releases hydrogen chloride gas. This gas in turn reacts with the water in the crater and turns it into an acid. The acid is extremely concentrated and the pH is almost 0 – as acidic as it can be. There are fears, then, that if the crater bursts like a dam on its weakest side, it could be disastrous. But fortunately for those who don’t want to risk seeing the blue fire in person but who still clamor to see it in action, there’s a French documentary showcasing the amazing lights produced at Kawah Ijen. The film uses Grunewald’s footage to explore the sulfuric volcano in detail, along with – of course – shots of its stunning night-time displays. Source:",0
15146,North Korean Missile Test Brings Temporary Unity in East Asia - The New York Times,"TOKYO  —   The missile that North Korea   from a submarine off its east coast on Wednesday momentarily brought together three nations that have recently had reasons to squabble. At a previously scheduled meeting in Tokyo, the foreign ministers of the three nations  —   China, Japan and South Korea  —   criticized the missile test, which appeared to demonstrate a significant advance in North Korea’s efforts to build a    means to strike American and allied forces. The missile flew 310 miles toward Japan, much farther than previous tests. Tensions between the three countries have risen in recent months: Chinese vessels have repeatedly entered disputed waters surrounding a group of   islands in the East China Sea, setting off protests from Japan. Tokyo opposed a visit this month by South Korean lawmakers to islands both nations claims. And China has harshly criticized South Korea’s agreement to host an   advanced missile defense system that the Chinese believe could be used against their missiles. But North Korea’s missile launch briefly united the three other nations on Wednesday. “If there was a silver lining, it would be the fact that it provided the three an opportunity to have something in common, which is rare,” said J. Berkshire Miller, an international affairs fellow with the Council on Foreign Relations. If the North Korean threat is to be truly defused, experts say, the three East Asian neighbors will need more common ground. “We all know that on days when North Korea doesn’t test missiles, tensions may be above the surface,” said Scott A. Snyder, senior fellow for Korea studies at the Council on Foreign Relations. “But longer term, if you’re looking for conditions that would suggest real stability in the region, that is the sort of cooperation that would be needed. ” The latest missile test came two days after the United States and South Korea kicked off their annual joint military exercises. North Korea condemns all such drills as rehearsals for an invasion, and it has often responded with warlike words, or with missile tests. At a news conference in Tokyo on Wednesday, Japan’s foreign minister, Fumio Kishida, said North Korea’s action “is simply not tolerated. ” His South Korean counterpart, Yun   said the three countries “confirmed our common view that we must deter North Korea’s further provocative actions. ” Wang Yi, the Chinese foreign minister, said, “China opposes the development of North Korea’s nuclear program, and any words or deeds that create tensions in the peninsula. ” He also reiterated China’s opposition to American efforts to build the missile defense system in South Korea. Chinese commentators argued that the United States was partly to blame for the North’s aggressive behavior. An opinion article published on Wednesday by the Chinese   news agency Xinhua, denounced the United States and its allies for “risking turning the region into a powder keg. ” “  leads to nowhere but a more anxious, more agitating and thus more unpredictable Pyongyang,” the commentary said. Still, on social media in China, many posts placed the blame squarely on Kim   the North Korean leader, describing him as an erratic and untrustworthy leader and urging the government to do more to rein him in. President Park   of South Korea also denounced the North Korean leader in remarks during a visit to a   military unit on Wednesday. “Given the fact that North Korea has an irrational   system under a   dictatorship,” Ms. Park said, “and that Kim   is an unpredictable character, there is a high possibility that this threat could become a reality. ” The latest North Korean provocation comes at a time when Japan, under the leadership of Prime Minister Shinzo Abe, is debating its military future after roughly 70 years of pacifism mandated by a postwar Constitution that was largely written by American occupiers. Already last year, Mr. Abe pushed through a series of security laws that permit Japan’s   forces to participate in overseas combat. On Wednesday, as Mr. Abe denounced the North Korean missile launch as an “an unforgivable act of violence,” his newly appointed defense minister, Tomomi Inada, said Japanese forces would begin training for overseas missions, including rescuing captured troops from peacekeeping missions. Setsu Kobayashi, a law professor emeritus at Keio University and the leader of a group that opposes the security bills passed last year, called the new training drills a “historic turning point” and a violation of the country’s Constitution. “Now people outside of Japan will question if Japan can become a country that can wage war,” Mr. Kobayashi said. But other analysts said that the Japanese, who mostly opposed the security laws passed after a  parliamentary struggle last year, might start to accept the incremental escalation of military activity that Mr. Abe is pushing. “The more that there are dangers in the neighborhood  —   a rising China, a threatening North Korea  —   that puts wind in Abe’s sails,” said Jeff Kingston, the director of Asian Studies at Temple University in Tokyo. Ultimately, Mr. Abe wants to revise the pacifist clause in the Constitution. But the public  —   as well as members of Parliament, including some in Mr. Abe’s governing coalition  —   would most likely oppose him. “Even with this more threatening environment, it’s not going to be easy at all,” Mr. Kingston said. “There is a deeply embedded attachment to the peace Constitution as part of Japanese national identity. ” Mr. Abe, Mr. Kingston added, “understands that he has a deep hole to climb out of to try to convince the public that that is necessary. ” Public reaction in Japan to the North Korean missile test was relatively subdued, although several politicians strongly protested it.. Hideaki Omura, the governor of Aichi Prefecture in central Japan, which includes the city of Nagoya, said on Twitter that the missile launch was a “grave provocation. ” Renho Murata, a member of the upper house of Parliament and a candidate to lead the opposition Democratic Party, said she “firmly protested” North Korea’s action. The significance of North Korea’s missile launch may take some time to sink in, as the Japanese have become somewhat accustomed to the missile tests. “For Japanese people, the picture of the Chinese vessels surrounding the Senkakus is more shocking,” said Tsuneo Watanabe, a senior fellow at the Tokyo Foundation, a research group, referring to the Chinese incursions around the disputed islands in the East China Sea. The North Korean missile launches, Mr. Watanabe said, sometimes “look like animation. ”",0
15147,Official Data: Sexual Assault Jumps by 70 Per Cent in Sweden,"The number of Swedes claiming to have been sexually assaulted has risen by 70 per cent in two years, with more than 13 per cent of women reporting to be too fearful to go out in the evening. [In 2014, just 1 per cent of Swedes said they had been sexually attacked, jumping to 1. 7 per cent of the population in 2015  —   equivalent to about 129, 000 people.  In 2013, 1. 3 per cent of Swedes said they were victims, and before that, between 2005 and 2012, the level of reported sexual crimes had remained relatively stable, hovering around the 1 per cent risk mark for seven years. The data comes from the 2017 annual survey [page 47] of the Swedish National Council for Crime Prevention (Brå) an agency under the Ministry of Justice, which produces Sweden’s official crime statistics. Almost 12, 000 people were contacted by telephone and through questionnaires. The category of sexual assault in the survey includes a wide range of crimes, ranging from more minor misconducts such as indecent exposure to the most serious of crimes such as rape. Exposure to such sexual crimes is more common among women than men, and most frequent in the   age bracket. According to Yleisradio Oy (Yle) Finland’s national public broadcaster, the survey identified a rise of more than 100 per cent in reported sexual attacks among women, increasing from 1. 4 to 3 per cent. Anxiety about sex attacks, particularly among young women, has also increased. Around 22 per cent of women surveyed said they were worried about sexual assault and abuse, as well as around 8 per cent for men. This fear is affecting the way many women are living their lives. Between 13 and 14 per cent of surveyed women said they did not venture out in the evenings because they felt insecure. The most common location for sexual assaults is in a public place, the survey found, and most often the perpetrator is unknown to the victim.",0
15148,Couple Dressed As Mario And Luigi Drunkenly Making Out On Couch - The Onion - America's Finest News Source,"Report: Friend Has Been Going By Middle Name This Whole Fucking Time CALABASAS, CA—Astounded that it had never come up at any point in the six years they had known each other, local woman Lucy Reed, 25, reported Tuesday that her friend Nicole Silberthau had apparently been going by her middle name this whole fucking time. Cake Just Sitting There Take It CHICAGO—Assuring you that there was nothing to worry about and not a soul around who would see you, sources confirmed Tuesday that a large piece of chocolate cake was just sitting there and that you should go ahead and take it. Man Approaches Box Of Powdered Doughnuts Like Snake Discovering Unguarded Clutch Of Bird Eggs ASHEBORO, NC—Quietly slinking into his office’s break room after spying the unattended confections from afar, area marketing associate Dan Keegan reportedly approached a box of powdered doughnuts Monday like a pine snake discovering an unguarded clutch of bluebird eggs. Reality Of Fatherhood Never Truly Dawned On Man Until He Held Newborn Son’s Hospital Bill MISSOULA, MT—Describing how he suddenly found himself overwhelmed by a flood of intense emotions, local man Mike Bentzen told reporters Monday the reality of fatherhood didn’t truly set in for him until the moment he held his newborn son’s hospital bill. All-Business Adult In Halloween Shop Beelines It Straight For Pinhead Mask BROOKLINE, MA—Without so much as glancing at the seasonal store’s wide selection of other Halloween-themed merchandise, all-business 34-year-old Brian Aubin reportedly strode right past several aisles of costumes and accessories Friday and beelined it straight for the Pinhead masks. ",0
15149,The Hulk Actor Mark Ruffalo Has Joined Standing Rock to Protest DAPL,". The Hulk Actor Mark Ruffalo Has Joined Standing Rock to Protest DAPL Mark Ruffalo has graced our screens for years. Starring in movies such as Shutter Island, Zodiac and... Print Email http://humansarefree.com/2016/11/the-hulk-actor-mark-ruffalo-has-joined.html Mark Ruffalo has graced our screens for years. Starring in movies such as Shutter Island, Zodiac and The Avengers as The Hulk, the Hollywood star is no stranger to fame and publicity. Ruffalo is also renown for using his celebrity status to highlight the more important causes and issues that we as a race, confront. The self-confessed climate change advocate has recently made headlines again, while joining in with the DAPL protestors. The DAPL protestors have been covered extensively here, at Anon, as the North Dakota oil pipeline continues in its construction.This week, Ruffalo was seen standing in solidarity with the Standing Rock Sioux tribe facing off against police kitted up in riot gear. The underground pipeline has been a strong point of contention over the last months. Developer Energy Access Partners has claimed they have the proper permits to pursue the pipeline development in what they claim is private land. However, the Standing Rock Sioux tribe and many of their supporters say the pipeline, planned to span some 1,134 miles through North Dakota to Illinois, is running through sacred Native American land. A photo posted by Mark Ruffalo (@markruffalo) on Oct 26, 2016 at 3:06pm PDT Ruffalo and Native renewables founder Wahleah Jones went to Cannon Ball, ND, to present the Sioux tribal elders with gifts of solar collection arrays in mobile trailers, to provide the protestors with clean energy. It is with this gift, Ruffalo hopes to help the Native American tribes remain firm at their protest encampment and further their cause – particularly to protect their sources of clean water, something the oil pipeline very much threatens. (The pipeline is listed to run directly under the Missouri River.)“We know from experience that pipelines leak, explode, pollute and poison land and water. But it doesn’t have to be that way,” Ruffalo said, who has been campaigning the anti-fracking movement since 2008.“This pipeline is a black snake that traverses four states and 200 waterways with fracked Bakken oil.” As per The Free Thought Project , the solar trailers will assist the Sioux tribe and other Native American tribes standing in the protest with medical facilities amongst other necessities, with an endless source of renewable energy. An irony not lost on the actor. Mark Ruffalo is another example of an individual not just simply staying in the by lines, donating money, but rather, he is using his celebrity status and time to display yet another injustice against the citizens of the world. He understands the lack of media attention this protest is receiving – and the lack of support. A photo posted by Mark Ruffalo (@markruffalo) on Oct 27, 2016 at 7:04pm PDT A video posted by Mark Ruffalo (@markruffalo) on Oct 27, 2016 at 8:44am PDT “There’s people being really hurt there; it’s very scary,” said Ruffalo on CNN. “The National Guard has been called in. This is not an emergency. This is not a national emergency. These are peaceful protesters.“Every single person you see there was trained in peaceful resistance. They spend basically the entire day doing prayers, chanting. I’ve never been around so peaceful a stand.”“This particular issue has brought together five hundred tribes from all over the nation,” the actor said. “Never in the history of our nation have all of the Native American tribes come together under one issue. They see this as a very special historic moment for them.“We can’t forget our humanity in the face of these kinds of things.” Reference: Anonhq  ",0
15150,‘Today is one of the heaviest days of my life’,"I’ Two of Mohammed' 
Generally, I use Mohammed’s words, quoting him in a first person narrative. He told the story of their desperate life-threatening journey over a year ago. They went to Finland with the hope that fewer refugees would travel so far, that they would get asylum quicker and be reunited with their family, Mohammed’s wife and the other six children in Iraq. Together with a small group of friends, Kathy Kelly and I were able to visit them in Finland in the deep winter cold this past January. We were able to bring them for a few days from the camp to Helsinki where they were warmly r 
In late June, Mohammed wrote us about the depression and frustration among refugees in their camp as many of them were getting rejected for asylum. He wrote that even Iraqi refugees from Fallujah, Ramadi and Mosel were getting rejections. “I don’t know what I will do if I get a bad answer. For the last three weeks only bad answers are coming.” 
“Today I got the immigration decision that my case was rejected. Me and Ahmed are not welcomed to Finland. Thanks for everything you did.” The next day he wrote again. “Today is one of the heaviest days of my life. Everybody, my son, my cousin and myself . . . we just kept silent. We are shocked from the decision. Losing my brother, jailed for 2 years, kidnapped, tortured, losing my house, parents, father-in-law, death threat letter and assassination attempt. Over 50 relatives killed. What more must I give them for them to believe me? Only one thing I forgot, to submit my death certificate. I feel I am being slaughtered. I don’t know what to tell my wife and children [in Baghdad]. 
We have since learned that Finland is granting residency to only 10% of asylum seekers. An appeal is in progress, and several people have written letters on Mohammed’ 
In the meantime, the situation in Iraq and in Baghdad continues to worsen in terms of daily explosions, suicide bombings, assassinations, kidnappings, ISIS, police, army and militia activity. His wife lives in a particularly open and vulnerable rural area. His brother, who used to live a stone’s throw away, had to flee with his family several months ago due to death threats. This left Mohammed’s wife and children without protection. During Ramadan Mohammed wrote, “The situation is really terrible during these days. My wife was planning to take the kids to her mother’s village during EID but she cancelled this idea.” On another occasion he wrote, “My wife is very worried about our second oldest son, afraid he will be kidnapped. She is thinking of moving from the village. Today we argued very hard as she blames me, telling me that I said we would be reunited within 6 months. 
On two recent occasions armed uniformed men came to Mohammed’s house seeking information about Mohammed and Ahmed. Mohammed wrote, “Yesterday at 5 a.m., the house was raided by armed official military guys in uniforms. Maybe the police? Maybe the militia or ISIS?” It is hard to imagine the fright of Mohammed’s defenseless wife and the children, the youngest of whom is only 3 years old. It is hard to imagine Mohammed and Ahmed’s fright being so far away. At times Mohammed’s wife has hidden the oldest boy in the reeds by their house, afraid he will be recruited by force by ISIS or the militia! She has also been afraid to send the children to school because the security situation is so dangerous. She is angry at Mohammed, scared and not understanding why they have not been reunited after a year’ 
Recently Mohammed emailed, “Honestly, Cathy, every night I am thinking of returning home and ending these arguments. Living away from your beloved kids is really hard. If I get killed alongside of my family, then everyone will understand why we had to leave and the arguments will finish. Even the Finnish immigration will understand that what I told them was true. But the next morning I changed my mind and decided to await the court’s final decision. 
“Every night I am afraid from the next morning’s news from my family. My daughter asked me by phone last week ‘Dad, when can we live together again. I am now 14 years and you have been away so long.’ She broke my heart. 
Just a few days ago he wrote, “I’m so happy because the ice has melted between my wife and I. My little boy, 6 years, and his youngest daughter, 8 years, went to school today. My wife is so brave. . . . She decided to pay for a school bus for all of the kids. She said, ‘I believe in God and I am sending the children and taking the risk.’ 
This entry was posted in Special Reports . Bookmark the permalink",0
15151,No Debate That Hillary Clinton’s Polling Numbers Are Improving - The New York Times,"The   polls are beginning to trickle in, and it already seems clear that Hillary Clinton has received a bump after the first presidential debate. A wave of   battleground state surveys released on Friday showed her with a comfortable advantage in New Hampshire, Nevada, Florida and Michigan. The gains suggest she might lead by as much as five percentage points nationwide, up from about two to three points before last Monday’s debate. It’s hard to know whether the shift will last. If you’ve been following The Upshot’s coverage of polling over the last two years, you know that we’re pretty circumspect about shifts in the polls. But no matter how you cut it, the debate is bad news for Donald J. Trump. As we wrote ahead of the debate, it has been hard to make sense of the polls over the last few months. Mrs. Clinton’s lead has bobbed up and down, between two and eight percentage points since the spring. To oversimplify, there are two basic ways to interpret it. One possibility is that every little twist and turn in polls represents a real shift in a volatile race. If that’s the case, perhaps we’ll look back and say that the debate was decisive: The race was very close before, and Mrs. Clinton took a clear lead after. The other interpretation is that the race is stable but that the polls are volatile, as changes in news media coverage affect the likelihood that people respond to surveys or are judged to be likely voters. If this idea is right, it’s harder to evaluate Mrs. Clinton’s debate bounce. From this point of view, big media events  —   like debates and the conventions  —   raise equally large questions about volatility in the polls. After all, the polls really can change for good after a debate or a convention. But other times, the overwhelming news coverage surrounding a debate performance or a political convention is exactly the sort of thing that would cause an illusory shift. Mitt Romney took a narrow lead after the first presidential debate in 2012, but there is considerable evidence that his gains were exaggerated. For that period, the Democrats became less likely than Republicans to respond to surveys  —   what pollsters call differential nonresponse. After the first presidential debate in 2000, George W. Bush surged in the polls  —   going from an   deficit among likely voters to an   lead in the Gallup tracker. But half of the swing was because of changes in who was assessed to be a “likely voter. ” A postelection study found that those swings in   intention had no predictive value it was just noise. So there’s good reason to be cautious about Mrs. Clinton’s rise in the polls. But that doesn’t mean it should be dismissed out of hand. After the first presidential debate in 2004, John Kerry truly did rally to make it a close race. Usually, a good way to test the durability of a swing in the polls is to ask whether it brings the race closer or farther from the   fundamentals, like the president’s approval ratings. A shift that brings the polls in line with the fundamentals might be a little likelier to last than one that cuts the other way. Mr. Kerry’s recovery, for instance, brought the tighter race implied by Mr. Bush’s approval ratings. Barack Obama’s gains in 2008 gave him the considerable advantage implied by the economy and Mr. Bush’s low approval ratings. The opposite could be said of Mr. Bush’s and Mr. Romney’s surges in 2000 and 2012. This year, it’s a lot harder to tell. That’s in part because there is no incumbent president on the ballot, which always makes it a little harder to tell where the natural resting point of a race sits. But it’s also because Mr. Trump is such an extraordinary candidate that many analysts believe the fundamentals will be less significant than usual. In lieu of the traditional fundamentals, here’s something to consider instead: Over the longer term, Mrs. Clinton has led Mr. Trump by around five percentage points nationally. The debate has bumped her poll standing back closer to her   average, and it seems plausible it could stay in that range. The debate has also reinforced doubts about whether Mr. Trump is prepared for the presidency. No matter how you interpret polls, Mrs. Clinton is in a decent position with less than 40 days to go.",0
15152,Saudi killing of Yemeni people worst type of terrorism: Ayatollah Khamenei,"Politics Leader of the Islamic Revolution Ayatollah Seyyed Ali Khamenei (R) and Finnish President Sauli Niinistö meet in Tehran on October 26, 2016. (Photos by leader.ir) 
Leader of the Islamic Revolution Ayatollah Seyyed Ali Khamenei says Saudi Arabia’s killing of Yemenis is ""the worst type of terrorism."" 
“Terrorism is not limited to terror acts committed by some unofficial groups, and mass killings of people by certain governments, such as the Saudi attack on people in a mourning procession in Yemen, which left hundreds killed and injured, are the worst type of terrorism,” the Leader said in a meeting with visiting Finnish President Sauli Niinistö in Tehran on Wednesday. 
Ayatollah Khamenei also described terrorism as one of the “painful” sufferings gripping the human society, and called for a sincere fight against the scourge. 
“Countering terrorism needs the serious resolve of all those who have an influence within global powers,” the Leader said, calling on world pundits and governments to take measures to deal with the phenomenon. Leader of the Islamic Revolution Ayatollah Seyyed Ali Khamenei (R) receives Finnish President Sauli Niinistö (C) in the presence of Iran’s President Hassan Rouhani in Tehran on October 26, 2016. 
Ayatollah Khamenei also said the US and certain Western countries are not sincere in the fight against terrorism. 
“These governments calculate all issues based on their own interests, and they do not think about eradicating the malady of terrorism in Iraq or Syria,” the Leader added. 
Ayatollah Khamenei further criticized UN Secretary General Ban Ki-moon’s failure to condemn the Saudi war on Yemen. 
“The UN secretary general said explicitly that it is not possible for the body to condemn the killing of Yemeni children as the UN depends on the Saudi government’s money,” the Leader said, stressing that this approach is indicative of the “deplorable moral state” of politicians at the helm of international organizations. Loading ...",0
15153,Will Trump save America like Putin saved Russia? (Saker article made into video!) | The Vineyard of the Saker,"Leave a Reply Click here to get more info on formatting (1) Leave the name field empty if you want to post as Anonymous. It's preferable that you choose a name so it becomes clear who said what. E-mail address is not mandatory either. The website automatically checks for spam. Please refer to our moderation policies for more details. We check to make sure that no comment is mistakenly marked as spam. This takes time and effort, so please be patient until your comment appears. Thanks. (2) 10 replies to a comment are the maximum. (3) Here are formating examples which you can use in your writing:<b>bold text</b> results in bold text <i>italic text</i> results in italic text (You can also combine two formating tags with each other, for example to get bold-italic text.)<em>emphasized text</em> results in emphasized text <strong>strong text</strong> results in strong text <q>a quote text</q> results in a quote text (quotation marks are added automatically) <cite>a phrase or a block of text that needs to be cited</cite> results in: a phrase or a block of text that needs to be cited <blockquote>a heavier version of quoting a block of text...</blockquote> results in: a heavier version of quoting a block of text that can span several lines. Use these possibilities appropriately. They are meant to help you create and follow the discussions in a better way. They can assist in grasping the content value of a comment more quickly. and last but not least:<a href=''http://link-address.com''>Name of your link</a> results in Name of your link (4) No need to use this special character in between paragraphs:  ; You do not need it anymore. Just write as you like and your paragraphs will be separated. The ""Live Preview"" appears automatically when you start typing below the text area and it will show you how your comment will look like before you send it. (5) If you now think that this is too confusing then just ignore the code above and write as you like. Name: ",0
15154,"If Donald Trump Pushes on Taiwan, How China Could Push Back - The New York Times","  Donald J. Trump has made it clear that he views the central basis for diplomatic relations between Washington and Beijing  —   known as the “One China” policy  —   as ripe for review. Under that   policy, the United States severed diplomatic ties with Taiwan as part of its recognition of the People’s Republic of China. But in early December, Mr. Trump stunned officials across the globe by becoming the first president or   to speak to a Taiwanese leader since at least 1979. Then on Sunday, he suggested that adhering to the One China policy could be used as a bargaining chip  on contentious issues like China’s currency and its activity in the South China Sea. “I don’t know why we have to be bound by a One China policy unless we make a deal with China having to do with other things, including trade,” he said in an interview. In trying to use Taiwan that way, Mr. Trump hit the most sensitive of what the Chinese Communist Party calls its “core interests. ” If Washington formally recognizes Taiwan, the Chinese are expected to break off diplomatic relations. Though the United States officially ended relations with Taiwan in 1979, it maintains an unofficial embassy there called the American Institute in Taiwan. It has also sold Taiwan advanced military equipment and has worked to promote its democracy. Josh Earnest, the White House press secretary, rejected Mr. Trump’s suggestion that American support for Taiwan was negotiable. “Taiwan is not a source of leverage,” Mr. Earnest said Monday. “It’s a close partner of the United States. ” The Global Times, a Chinese   tabloid, put the matter more bluntly, saying Mr. Trump was “like a child in his ignorance of foreign policy. ” It added: “The One China policy cannot be bought and sold. Trump, it seems, only understands business and believes that everything has a price. ” Here are five ways the Chinese could make life difficult for a Trump administration: Chinese analysts say China has plenty of leverage to retaliate against Mr. Trump. One prominent target is Boeing, whose Seattle plant Xi Jinping, China’s president, visited in September 2015. In 2016, Boeing is expected to complete plane deliveries to China worth $11 billion, mostly 737s that have become the workhorse of China’s rapidly expanding airlines. The Global Times warned that it would be easy for China to switch orders to Boeing’s European competitor, Airbus. “On economic issues, China has more and more leverage,” said Wu Xinbo, the director of the Center for American Studies at Fudan University. “If we feel he is still pushing the Taiwan issue, we will take action. If he wants to keep it up on Taiwan, it will only backfire. ” American trade officials worry that China could intensify its discrimination against American technology firms by using the country’s antimonopoly laws. Last year, the Chinese government slapped a $975 million fine on Qualcomm, a San   chip maker, for what it said were licensing infractions. A few years ago, there were worries that China might suddenly dump a large portion of its holdings of Treasuries, pushing up interest rates in the United States. Those fears ebbed as China pared its holdings gradually. Its holdings of Treasuries peaked at $1. 65 trillion in March 2014, declining to about $1. 3 trillion, said Brad Setser at the Council on Foreign Relations. Experts say that even if the country sold more, it may not have much effect because interest rates are already low, global demand for Treasuries has been strong, and the Federal Reserve could buy more bonds if needed to offset action by China. China could also weaken its currency, something Mr. Trump has argued it already does to make its products cheaper. But that could also result in more Chinese taking their money out of the country, as well as inflation for a nation that increasingly buys what it needs from abroad, like oil, because a weak currency means China must pay more for imported goods. Finally, China could order its   companies and private enterprises to slow their investments in the United States. A recent study by the Rhodium Group, a New   economic policy outfit, showed that since 2015, the amount of Chinese direct investment in the United States has outweighed the amount of American investment in China. Mr. Trump said on Sunday, “And frankly, they’re not helping us at all with North Korea. ” China has in fact cooperated with some American initiatives on curbing North Korea’s nuclear program, specifically backing United Nations economic sanctions last month aimed at checking the North’s foreign exchange earnings from coal, its biggest export earner. China could switch from being a reluctant ally of North Korea to a friendly neighbor. China is already angry at Washington for the recent decision to deploy a defense shield in South Korea, the Terminal High Altitude Area Defense system, known as THAAD, which China argues is aimed at limiting its military capabilities. Among the tools China could use would be improved trade, aid and investment to strengthen the North’s rudimentary economy, said John Delury, an American analyst in Seoul, South Korea. As a longstanding ally, China could conduct joint military exercises with the North, he said. In return for promises by North Korea not to proliferate, Mr. Delury said, China could go beyond improved trade, and provide substantial economic backing in a Marshall   initiative. President Obama spent much of his political capital with China ensuring that Beijing would agree to the international climate change agreement that committed the world’s two biggest carbon emitters to lower greenhouse gases. Critics of Mr. Obama say he failed to force China to open up its markets, stood by while China fortified islands in the South China Sea and remained largely silent while Mr. Xi carried out repressive human rights policies in order to save the climate change accord. Moreover, China’s agreement to the international deal was less a concession to American pressure than a restatement of its own goals. It was relatively easy for Mr. Xi to agree to a reduction in emissions given the outcry among the Chinese public about air pollution and contaminated food. The accord calls for China’s carbon emissions to reach a plateau or decline “around 2030” but without any specific target for reductions like those Mr. Obama pledged for the United States. Mr. Xi would be unlikely to touch the climate accord because of the popularity of the prospect of cleaner air among the Chinese public. But if he did decide to ignore it, Mr. Trump would probably not care. At one point, Mr. Trump said climate change was a “hoax” invented by China to hurt American trade. Later, he said he was joking. If Mr. Trump supports Taiwan, China’s first response may be to punish Taiwan rather than the United States, in an attempt to diminish its value to Washington. It could begin by intensifying efforts to persuade the 22 small sovereignties around the world, including the Vatican, that still maintain diplomatic relations with Taiwan to sever them and recognize China instead. China might then take aim at Taiwan’s economy by restricting Chinese investments and limiting the number of Chinese tourists to Taiwan. Taiwan already has de facto independence, but China has warned that it will go to war to prevent it a formal separation from the mainland. From Beijing’s perspective, the fear is that Mr. Trump’s moves could encourage Taiwan to declare independence or that other nations might follow the United States in recognizing Taiwan. If President Tsai   of Taiwan declared independence, “and the whole world says Taiwan is independent,” then China “will take military action,” said Shi Yinhong, professor of international relations at Renmin University. “But I don’t believe that is Tsai’s intention,” he added. China was a signatory to the nuclear accord reached with Iran in 2015 that lifted sanctions in return for Iran’s getting rid of 98 percent of its nuclear material. China now has unfettered access to its longtime friend’s economy. Through Iran, Beijing will seek to enhance its influence in the Middle East, with the goal of weakening American prestige in the region. But if the deal is scrapped and renegotiated, as Mr. Trump has called for, China would keep trading with Iran, isolating the United States, said Edward C. Chow, senior fellow for energy and national security at the Center for Strategic and International Studies in Washington. About   of Iran’s oil exports go to China, and China is Iran’s top importer of goods. Thus China is Iran’s top trading partner, a position that would not change in the event of Mr. Trump’s renouncing Washington’s participation in the nuclear deal. “If anything, China would redouble trading and investment in Iran now that Trump has started on the Taiwan front,” Mr. Chow said.",0
15155,Ted Cruz’s Bitter End - The New York Times,"If you listened much to Ted Cruz over these last furious months, you heard him talk frequently about “the abyss,” as in what this country was teetering on the edge of. If you listened to him over these last furious hours, you heard him mention the “yawning cavern of insecurity” that motivates Donald Trump and other bullies. Cruz should take up spelunking. He’s obviously fascinated by unfathomable depths, and with his loss in Indiana on Tuesday, his candidacy for the presidency is finished, giving him a whole lot of extra time. A new hobby is definitely in order. As we bid Cruz adieu, we should give him his due: He took a mien and manner spectacularly ill suited to the art of seducing voters about as far as they could go. He outlasted the likes of Jeb Bush and Marco Rubio. He outperformed Rick Santorum in 2012 and Mike Huckabee in 2008. Like him, Santorum and Huckabee won the Iowa caucuses and built from there, courting the religious right with particular fervor. But they lacked the intensity of Cruz’s professed disdain for Washington, which was his other big sales pitch, made at its moment of maximum potency. He peddled extravagant piety and extreme contempt in equal measure. If that sounds paradoxical, it is, and the tension between contradictory Cruzes is what ultimately did him in. He spoke out of both sides of his scowl, itching to be the voice of the common man but equally eager to demonstrate what a highfalutin,   intellect he possessed. He wed a populist message to a plummy vocabulary. And while the line separating smart and smart aleck isn’t all that thin or blurry, he never could stay on the winning side of it. He wore cowboy boots, but his favorites are made of ostrich. Two peacocks in a pod, he and Trump, and what ghastly plumage they showed on Tuesday. Trump somehow saw fit to bring up a National Enquirer story linking Cruz’s father to the assassination of John F. Kennedy. Cruz exploded, branding Trump a “pathological liar” and “serial philanderer. ” He also brought up an interview from many years ago in which Trump told Howard Stern that his effort to steer clear of sexually transmitted diseases was his “personal Vietnam. ” Where was this rant six months ago, when the Republican field was crowded and Cruz played footsie with Trump? Back then he was wagering that Trump would fade, and he wanted to be in a friendly position to inherit the billionaire’s supporters. But by Tuesday, Trump was the main obstacle between Cruz and the Republican presidential nomination, and Cruz has just one true compass: his own advancement. The nakedness of his vanity and transparency of his ambition were always his biggest problem. He routinely excoriated other politicians for   while repeatedly hogging center stage, his remarks interminable  —   after his Iowa victory, for example, or when he presumptuously introduced Carly Fiorina as his running mate  —   and his pauses so theatrically drawn out that you could watch the entirety of “The Revenant” during some of them. He trashed “the establishment” and wore its rejection of him as a badge of honor only until it stopped rejecting him and its help was his best hope to wrest the nomination away from Trump. At that point he did dizzy cartwheels over every prominent endorsement that came his way. He took great pride in an adversarial relationship with the media, decreeing us irrelevant, until he went in hunt of a fresh excuse for losing to Trump and decided over the last few days that it was all our fault. We didn’t matter and then we did, depending on which estimation flattered him. He purported to be more   than his peers but pettily mocked Michelle Obama for urging schoolchildren to eat leafy greens. When Heidi Cruz is first lady, he pledged, “French fries are coming back to the cafeteria. ” Heidi Cruz is not going to be first lady, so she’ll need some other platform for the promotion of calorie bombs and second chins. And where in her husband was the humility that a Christian faith as frequently proclaimed as his should encompass? It wasn’t evident when he stormed into the Senate in early 2013, an upstart intent on upstaging the veterans. There were flickers of it on Tuesday night, as he conceded defeat not just in Indiana but in the presidential contest, announcing that he was suspending his campaign “with a heavy heart. ” He articulated gratitude to those Americans  —   no small number of them  —   who had buoyed him. He went overboard in his praise of Fiorina, merely reminding us all of what an odd and oddly timed alliance theirs was. “An incredible, phenomenal running mate,” he called her, as if they’d been on some epic journey. It was less than a week long. How many phenomena could she accomplish in that time? He left Trump out of his remarks. There were no congratulations. There was no indication of whether he’d publicly back Trump in the months to come. There was nothing to purge the memory of what he’d said earlier Tuesday, when he described Trump as “a narcissist at a level I don’t think this country has ever seen. ” Yes, we have, and so has he, every day, in the mirror. That’s why he’ll undoubtedly be back to try for the presidency again. But this bid is moribund. It’s time for Cruz to rest in peevishness.",0
15156,Video Shows White Helmets Staging Fake Rescue In Syria,"Video of the controversial aid group Syrian Civil Defense, also known as the “White Helmets,” has leaked showing the staging of a fake rescue. The video shows White Helmet workers and a trapped “victim” getting into position and preparing for a scene, laying completely still as the camera move around them.
Then the action kicks into gear with a flurry of activity and shouting off-camera with the “victim” suddenly screaming in agony as White Helmet workers/actors remove debris from his body and carry him away.
It is unclear if this video was meant to be released, or at least all parts of it, but images of the “victim” after the rescue appear to show him in rather good spirits.
Before & After #WhiteHelmets #MannequinChallenge pic.twitter.com/09K1xGYjnS 
— Navstéva (@Navsteva) November 22, 2016 

This is not the first time the White Helmets have come under scrutiny for not acting like the apolitical rescue workers they claim to be. Other videos have shown the White Helmets carrying weapons and aiding in jihadist executions. 
Journalist Max Blumenthal recently published a two-part series at Alternet exposing the White Helmets as being part of a campaign, funded in part by the US government, to push for regime change in Syria. 
The White Helmets have partnered with The Syria Campaign, which is dedicated to overthrowing the Assad government in Syria. The Syria Campaign relentlessly promotes the White Helmets in hopes of influencing Western public opinion against the Assad government and for regime change.
If the video is faked, The Syria Campaign and the White Helmets seem perfectly fine with putting out fraudulent material to push for regime change in Syria. The question then becomes: how many of their other videos are also fake?
The post Video Shows White Helmets Staging Fake Rescue In Syria appeared first on Shadowproof .
",0
15157,The Art of the Deal: Trump's phone calls provoke hysteria in Kiev and panic in Brussels,"The Art of the Deal: Trump's phone calls provoke hysteria in Kiev and panic in Brussels November 16, 2016 - Fort Russ - Ruslan Ostashko, PolitRussia - translated by J. Arnoldski - Until recently it was believed that Donald Trump’s main media weapon is his Twitter account, through which the president-elect of the US fights his political opponents, beats the media, and “trolls” foreign politicians. But this was true only until Trump won the elections. Since his victory, the American billionaire now uses his phone as his main weapon of mass (information) destruction. For example, just recently we learned it was enough for Trump to simply talk with Putin on the phone to drive all top European officials to hysterics and panic. Only one conversation, and the British media is already talking about nervous breakdowns among Brussels politicians who simply don’t understand how to live in this terrifying new reality in which the US president-elect easily finds opportunities to reach understanding with Putin. This means that many European politicians who built their careers on selling Russophobia might be left without a job, career, and money. The Financial Times writes that British diplomats are preparing for a “diplomatic crisis” caused by a possible rapprochement between the US and Russia. Between the lines, it can be read that London has simply no ready-made solutions for this problem. The reactions of American and European media are suddenly creating some kind of aura of a miracle around Trump and Putin’s conversation, or a universal catastrophe from the perspective of Clinton’s supporters and ISIS fans. For example, the popular American newspaper USA Today has released a thoughtful article entitled “After Trump chat, Putin's airstrikes pound Syria” which hints that it is Trump’s fault that Russian aircraft have stepped up bombardments against the Syrian terrorists so near and dear to the heart of every true American liberal. It seems like American journalists are telling us that “this wouldn’t happen under Clinton” which, of course, is a shameless lie. Everything would be the same, the only difference being that Syrian militants would die from Russian bombs only after receiving their paychecks from the CIA or Pentagon. And now they are completely terrified, as the Americans aren't paying out and the Russians are bombing them. Let them at least feel comforted by the fact that they have sincere sympathy from Clinton’s pool of American journalists. In fairness, it should be noted that Trump’s phone conversations are provoking not only unhappiness, but are also a real treat. Kiev’s political club is now filled with euphoria over the fact that Poroshenko managed to get through to talk to the US president-elect. This really is a great achievement. That Poroshenko didn’t get told off after what official Kiev did during the American election campaigns is a real success. It is a pity that the only description of the conversation is on Poroshenko’s website. Trump’s official website doesn’t say a word about it. Trump’s website features the news of his conversation with Putin, while nothing is said of the chat with Poroshenko. Nothing at all. Poroshenko’s website doesn’t deserve much confidence as a source. After all, Poroshenko has already been caught in prank conversations, but even if we can assume that the two really did talk, then Kiev’s euphoria is still not quite logical. Sure, official Ukrainian propaganda says that the two presidents agreed to meet, but no specifics in terms of dates were given. Does anyone really believe that Poroshenko is such a genius in psychological maneuvers and such a titan in political negotiations that he will be capable of changing the opinion of the US president-elect on Crimea, Ukraine, and the need to cooperate with Russia? It will be interesting to see how this looks. On the one hand, Trump is a billionaire, businessman, and a man with a very difficult character. On the other hand, so is Poroshenko, who quickly needs to convince Trump to pour money into the geopolitical project known as “Ukraine.” It’s a pity that they won’t sell tickets to see this show. I would pay to see such with my own eyes even though I think that the conversation will not be very long. Most likely, it will end with Trump’s famous catchphrase: “You’re fired!” Bloomberg has published an article headlined “Trump, Putin and Sluggish Reforms Push Ukraine Toward Russia.” In this piece, American journalists gathered the opinions of Western politicians and experts on Ukraine’s future, among which it is difficult to find anything optimistic. Overall, the interviewed experts agree that Ukraine is out of luck. For example, the ardent Russophobe and Vladimir Putin critic Ian Bremmer articulated his vision of Ukraine’s future in the following words: “Trump will want to put points on the board and I think it is highly likely the U.S. under Trump will move quickly to re-establish the relationship with Russia, on Syria in particular. That clearly throws Ukraine under a bus.” This time, I don’t even want to argue with this American political scientist. Only one thing interests me: will Trump put all of Ukraine up for sale or only parts of it? Follow us on Facebook!",0
15158,’Distress’ But No Apology For Epiphany Service Quran Reading,"The head of the Scottish Episcopal Church has said he is “deeply distressed at the widespread offence” caused by the reading of a passage from the Quran denying the divinity of Christ during an Epiphany service, but no apology has been issued. [In a statement posted to his blog site, David Chillingworth, the Primus of the Church appeared to strongly rebuke Kelvin Holdsworth, the Provost of St Mary’s Episcopal Cathedral, Glasgow, where the reading took place, arguing that interfaith work, “like all works of reconciliation, must be founded on truth. ” He continued: “We approach others with open hearts but we stand in the truth of the gospel of our Lord and Saviour Jesus Christ. ”  However, no apology for the reading has been forthcoming Chillingworth reasoning that the “The decisions which have led to the situation in St Mary’s Cathedral are a matter for the Provost and the Cathedral community. ” He added that the church will “bring together all those who are involved in the development of interfaith relations” to explore how the work can be carried out “in ways which will command respect. ” Holdsworth himself is unrepentent, writing in a blog post that “local Muslim friends” were invited “as we were reflecting on the arrival of the mysterious Magi at Bethlehem”. The significance is unclear, as the Magi, predating Islam by some six centuries, were Zoroastrian. He continued: “Having a recitation from the Qur’an in a Christian cathedral in worship is not a new thing. “So it has indeed come as something of a surprise to find accounts of last week’s service appearing online and stirring up the most most incredible pot of hatred I’ve ever encountered. “This same Qur’anic reading has been given before in services and no outcry has happened. Is it because this is in a cathedral run by a gay man? Is it because the recitation was given by a young woman? “Clearly those things are factors as they feature in some of the abuse. ” Confirming that some of the messages received by the church had been reported to Police Scotland, Holdsworth added: “They assure me that intolerance and prejudice will not be tolerated in Scotland. To put it simply, I thank God for them and their work. ” The matter came to light after St Mary’s posted a video of verses of the Quran being sung in Arabic during a service to Facebook, along with a message calling it a “wonderful event. ” Both the Facebook post and a YouTube version of the reading have since been removed by the Cathedral, after it provoked widespread anger and criticism from Christians, who pointed out that the verses chosen denied the divinity of Jesus Christ as the Son of God. The reading can still be viewed elsewhere on Facebook via Madinah Javed, who sang the passages during the service. There was further anger as it emerged that a translation of the verses printed in the Order of Service and handed out to congregants omitted the last two, in which the denial came, leading to confusion. Commenting on matter on the Archbishop Cranmer blogsite, the Rev’d Dr Gavin Ashenden, Chaplain to the Queen, said: “It’s hard to know what was in the mind of the Provost of Glasgow Cathedral when he arranged for this assault on Jesus and the apostles. “The accusation of lying or deception [contained within the verses] was not just directed towards Jesus and the Apostles but is also [  …    ] to those, too, who have been martyred at the hands of Islam, because they refused to renounce this deception when confronted with it. ” Refuting Holdworth’s claims that the reading was part of an interfaith dialogue between Islam and Christianity, Ashenden continued: “There was no dialogue in the Epiphany Eucharist only a refutation of what Christians hold most dear and upon which salvation depends. “In over 30 years of interfaith conversations, I have never yet come across a Muslim community which allowed those passages in the Gospels acclaiming the divinity of Christ to be read in Friday prayers. ”",0
15159,True the Vote’s Engelbrecht: U.S. on Verge of ‘Systemic’ Voter Fraud Crisis Could Turn a ‘Major Election’,"Catherine Engelbrecht, president of True the Vote, talked with Breitbart News Daily SiriusXM host Raheem Kassam on Friday regarding President Trump’s executive order establishing the Presidential Advisory Commission on Election Integrity, which will investigate voter fraud and offer recommendations. [Engelbrecht said of voter fraud in America, “We are, in my opinion, on the verge of a systemic crisis for a lot of reasons. The first is, we are not evaluating the people that we are allowing to register to vote. We are not doing any sort of reconciliation for identity, residency, citizenship.   …     We don’t know that these people are who they say that they are. ”  Engelbrecht added that with the data and technology available today, “there’s no reason that we wouldn’t have a better handle on that. ” “We have willfully chosen to let our voter rolls run amok,” she said. Engelbrecht continued, “We will soon have a major outcome where we cannot trust the outcome, and at that point, you can’t unring that bell. At that point, things start to crumble and crumble fast. ” Breitbart News Daily airs on SiriusXM Patriot 125 weekdays from 6:00 a. m. to 9:00 a. m. Eastern. ",0
15160,"Furious Dollar Rally Fizzles On ""Black Friday""; US Stocks Set To Open At New All-Time Highs - Russia News Now","This post was originally published on this site 
Having soared to fresh 13 year highs in a quiet overnight session on thin liquidity due to the US Thanksgiving holiday, which sent the USDJPY just shy of 114 and the Yuan to 6.96, the dollar pared back its weekly advance with modest profit taking after traders wondered if the rally has gotten “too stretched.” European shares were fractionally higher, with Asian stocks and US equity futures rising and both the Dow Jones and the S&P set for new all time highs. Oil followed the USD lower, down fractionally ahead of next week’s OPEC meeting where negotiations now focus on whether non-OPEC led by Russia nations will cut or freeze. 
With the US offline yesterday, American markets are set for another early close on Black Friday: U.S. equity markets close at 1pm, bond markets close at 2pm. 
The Bloomberg Dollar Spot Index fell from the highest level in more than a decade, while emerging-market currencies clawed back gains after India’s rupee and Turkey’s lira fell to record lows on Thursday. U.S. equity-index futures signaled stocks will edge higher as trading resumes following the Thanksgiving holiday. European shares were little changed, oil pared a weekly gain and Treasuries fell. 
The recurring story every day since Trump’s election is that as a result of the upcoming debt-funded fiscal stimulus, inflation is poised to jump which in turn has fueled a surge in bets on Federal Reserve rate hikes, propelling the greenback higher against all but two of it peers this month. Traders see an increase in borrowing costs in December as a certainty, while the odds of additional moves by June have risen to more than 60 percent, according to futures data tracked by Bloomberg . 
As shown virtually every day on these pages, the “Trumpflation” bet on global reflation has sent the USD soaring, while slamming EM currencies, fading the prospect of future rate cuts by these economies, while industrial metals like copper continue to soar. 
Expectations of rises in U.S. inflation and interest rates have driven the greenback to a gain of more than 6 percent in October and November combined, its strongest performance over a similar period since its rally in early 2015 . Most investors expect those gains to continue, but a combination of the Thanksgiving break in the United States, market participants’ need to process corporate flows at the end of the month and a raft of risks in the first half of December all speak for cashing in some of those gains now. 
“The dollar bull run had perhaps become a little stretched,” said Lee Hardman, a currency strategist at Bank of Tokyo-Mitsubishi UFJ Ltd. in London. “We’ve had a very strong run since the election and it’s just a bit of a pull back.” 
It is Black Friday in the US, and the National Retail Federation projects that about 137.4 million consumers will make purchases in stores or online over the four-day weekend that starts on Thanksgiving, marking the kickoff to the holiday shopping season. U.S. retail spending is expected to rise 3.6% to $655.8 billion in November and December, the Washington-based NRF estimates. Retailers are poised to take full advantage of the Thanksgiving holiday period, now known by some as Black Week, which accounts for about 15 percent of holiday spending, according to the trade group. However, the amount Americans have spent has declined in the last three years, slipping 26 percent from 2013 to an average of $299.60 per person last year, according to the trade group, so there are risks. 
This holiday season is expected be better for retailers with unemployment, gasoline prices and inflation low, while wages, home values and the stock market continue to rise. Companies such as Kohl’s Corp., Gap Inc. and Barnes & Noble Inc. have said the U.S. presidential election was a major cause of consumers’ recent reluctance to open their wallets. With the outcome settled, they’re expecting the dollars to finally flow. “We’ve had some, we believe, pent-up demand — just based on the economics of our consumer,” J.C. Penney Co. Chief Executive Officer Marvin Ellison said in an interview this month. “We’re anticipating we’ll see pent-up demand released, and it being post-election will only help that.” 
As the following chart of retail stock performance shows, the market is as optimistic as the retailers coming into Black Friday. 
The MSCI world equity index, which tracks shares in 46 countries, was up 0.2% in early European trading and headed to close the week around 1 percent higher. In Asia, MSCI’s broadest index of Asia-Pacific shares outside Japan added 0.7 percent. European equities were steady in morning business, with a rally in defensive sectors such as healthcare and utilities offsetting weaker banking and commodities stocks. The pan-European STOXX 600 index was unchanged, on track for a third straight week of gains. 
European shares have gained 4.5 percent since Donald Trump’s surprise victory in this month’s U.S. presidential election. “It looks as if the market is taking a breather after a good run. The market view is that Trump is going to spend more and will shield the U.S. more so that we get higher inflation and higher domestic growth,” Ronny Claeys, senior strategist at KBC Asset Management, said. “ The market has reacted positively on Trump, but this could change as his policies are vague at this stage. Investors will react more on his policy details ” Claeys added cited by Reuters . Emerging-market shares are poised for the first weekly increase in more than a month, led by commodity and energy producers. 
In rates, U.S. yields gapped higher at the open, rising as high as 2.411%, “but have been unable to hold those gains and that has encouraged some profit-taking,” said Jeremy Stretch, head of currency strategy at CIBC in London, and the 10Y was last trading at 2.37%. “There is a degree of consolidation (but) there is still a consistent bias that means the dollar will remain pretty much supported into the Fed meeting next month. The message seems to be to take some profit and we will be looking to go again.” 
In the European bond market, short-dated German government bond yields set a new record low and were on track for their biggest two-week fall in more than three years, highlighting demand for top-rated assets. Demand for German debt for use as collateral for short-term lending in repo markets has helped drive two-year bond yields lower this week . Jitters ahead of an Italian referendum on Dec. 4 has also bolstered demand for German bonds, regarded as among the safest assets in the world. Rates on 10-year German bunds fell two basis points on Friday to 0.24%. Yields on 40-year Japan government bonds slid five basis points to 0.715 percent, reversing an earlier climb after an auction of the debt saw 499.7 billion yen ($4.4 billion) of securities sold at a highest yield of 0.725 percent. “The 40 year bonds were well received in the auction, triggering a bout of bond buying,” said Masahiko Sato, an analyst at Nomura Holdings Inc. in Tokyo. 
* * * 
Bulletin Headline Summary from RanSquawk Price action in Europe thus far has been muted amid ongoing holiday-thinned conditions and a lack of notable newsflow A day of profit taking and position adjustment, while month end (real money) flow is also starting to kick in with the USD rally taking another pause Looking ahead, highlights include UK GDP and US Services PMI. Note there are also early US closures today for yesterday’s Thanksgiving Holiday 
Market snapshot S&P 500 futures up 0.2% to 2205 Stoxx 600 up less than 0.1% to 342 FTSE 100 down less than 0.1% to 6828 DAX up less than 0.1% to 10690 German 10Yr yield down 2bps to 0.24% Italian 10Yr yield down less than 1bp to 2.12% Spanish 10Yr yield down 2bps to 1.57% S&P GSCI Index down 0.3% to 370.2 MSCI Asia Pacific up 0.6% to 136 Nikkei 225 up 0.3% to 18381 Hang Seng up 0.5% to 22723 Shanghai Composite up 0.6% to 3262 S&P/ASX 200 up 0.4% to 5508 US 10-yr yield up 2bps to 2.37% Dollar Index down 0.26% to 101.44 WTI Crude futures down 0.7% to $47.63 Brent Futures down 1% to $48.53 Gold spot up 0.3% to $1,188 Silver spot up 0.9% to $16.44 
Global Headline News J&J Said to Make Takeover Approach for Drugmaker Actelion: Actelion shares soar by most in more than 2 years; deliberations said to be at early stage after initial offer Amazon Said in Talks to Buy Dubai’s Souq.com in $1b Deal: no final decisions have been made, talks could still falter; MidEast e-commerce site initially planned to sell a stake Black Friday Merchants See Americans Exhaling After Election: with uncertainty gone, stores see consumers poised to spend; Thanksgiving weekend accounts for 15% of holiday sales Holiday Price War Intensifies as Wal-Mart, Target Pursue Amazon: brick-and-mortar chains offering bigger discounts than in 2015 U.S. Boosts Refiners’ 2017 Biofuel Quotas to Record Levels: EPA mandates above levels the agency proposed in May Chevron to Pick Winner of Indonesian Geothermal Bid in Dec./Jan.: co. reviewing bids from 5 companies, including Marubeni, Pertamina Trump Expected to Pick Ross for Commerce Job, Person Says: President-elect Trump is expected to nominate as secretary of commerce investor Wilbur Ross OPEC’s Last Push for Oil Deal Shifts Focus to Iran, Russia: Algerian minister to meet his counterpart in Tehran Saturday GoDaddy Said in Exclusive Talks to Buy Host Europe: Reuters KKR Said to Partner With Arrow Pharma for INova Bid: AFR Samsung Bioepis Nasdaq IPO May Be Delayed: Maeil Business U.S. equity markets close at 1pm, bond markets close at 2pm 
In Asia, stock markets traded mostly positive, although gains were reserved after a small lead from Wall St. where US participants were absent due to Thanksgiving holiday. Nikkei 225 (+0.3%) traded choppy throughout the session with the index driven by JPY fluctuations, while ASX 200 (+0.4%) was also higher despite upside being limited by weakness in gold. Hang Seng (+0.5%) conformed to the positive tone while Shanghai Comp (+0.6%) initially lagged amid quiet news flow and after the PBoC reduced its weekly net liquidity injection by around 90% from the prior week. 10yr JGBs were initially pressured amid gains in riskier assets and as yields rose alongside their US counterparts. However, JGBs then recovered from their lows in the wake of a firmer 40yr auction leading to outperformance in the super-long end and curve flattening. PBoC injected CNY 120bIn in 7-day reverse repos, CNY 70bIn in 14-day reverse repos, CNY 25b1n in 28-day reverse repos for a weekly net injection of CNY 40bIn vs. last week’s CNY 425b1n net injection. 
Japan reported its latest consumer price data, which met or beat most expectations: Japanese National CPI (Oct) Y/Y 0.1% vs. Exp. 0.0% (Prey. -0.5%) Japanese National CPI Ex. Food (Oct) Y/Y -0.4% vs. Exp. -0.4% (Prey. -0.5%) Japanese Tokyo CPI (Nov) Y/Y 0.5% vs. Exp. 0.2% (Prey. 0.1%) Japanese Tokyo CPI Ex-Food (Nov) Y/Y -0.4% vs. Exp. -0.4% (Prey. -0.4%). 
Top Asian News Macquarie, ANZ to Pay $11 Million Over Malaysia Rates Probe: Australian banks admit attempted cartel conduct in 2011 In Asia Currency-Reserve Checkup, Two Countries Come Out on Top: IMF gauge shows Thailand, Philippines offer resilience China Bad-Loan Disposal No Easy Task With Slowdown, Survey Shows: Only 4% of bad-loan managers find it easy to dispose of NPLs JAL Plans First Post-Bankruptcy Bond to Fund Airbus Purchases: Airline plans to sell about 20 billion yen of notes next month Angry Soldiers Another Headache for Modi Amid Rupee Note Crisis: Suspected suicide of voluntary reservist highlights concerns 
In Europe, as expected, given yesterday’s US thanksgiving holiday, newsflow and price action has been light today. European equities trade flat, with Actellion higher by almost 10% amid talk of a potential merger, with Shire touted as a bidder. To the downside, Banca Monte Paschi traders got their usual morning break as Co. shares were halted limit down once again, this time as a consequence of the EUR 5bIn capital raising. Fixed income and commodity markets have been equally dull, with Bunds marginally higher today amid light volumes and little to drive price action. The energy complex has seen modest softness as all eyes focus on next week’s OPEC meeting, with participants becoming somewhat saturated with comments from the different nations in the build up. 
Top European News U.K. Economy Shows No Sign of Brexit Effect as Spending Rises: consumers and businesses increased their spending in 3Q as the U.K. economy registered resilient performance after Brexit vote Brexit May Take Decade So Give the Pound a Rest, Investors Say: Pound already reflects changing economy, Standard Life says; Kames Capital now “slightly more optimistic” on currency Nordea Chairman Says Talks With ABN Amro Are Unlikely to Resume: Nordea isn’t tempted to buy ABN shares, Wahlroos says Greece’s Biggest Bank Sees Trump Boost to Country’s Economy: Piraeus Bank chair Handjinicolaou speaks in interview, declines to give timeframe for pending CEO pick Lufthansa Condemns ‘Emotional’ Pilots as Strike to Span Weekend: union has extended action, claiming company aims to destroy it 
In currencies, the Bloomberg Dollar Spot Index fell 0.3 percent at London morning trading, leaving it up 0.3 percent this week. Japan’s currency gained 0.4 percent to 112.80 per dollar. It’s down 1.8 percent in the week, the worst performance among major currencies. The rupee strengthened 0.4 percent after sinking to a record low Thursday, while the Turkish lira gained 0.3 percent. China’s yuan, which fell to an eight-year low against the dollar this week, was little changed. The yuan rose this week to an August high versus a basket of peers, signaling that its declines against the greenback have been more moderate than those of other currencies. South Africa’s rand headed for its first weekly gain in three weeks before a credit-rating review by Moody’s Investors Service. 
In commodities, West Texas Intermediate crude oil slipped 0.8 percent to $47.58 a barrel. OPEC’s focus has shifted to negotiations with Iran and non-member Russia for production curbs after Iraq’s prime minister signaled it will agree to cut output. Gold for immediate delivery rose 0.7 percent to $1,190.24 an ounce, the first advance in four days. Copper slipped less than 0.1 percent in London and has surged 8.2 percent this week. The industrial metal has soared 21 percent this month. 
Looking at today’s events, the main focus this morning was on the UK where we got the second estimate of Q3 GDP which came in at 0.5%, as expected. Also in the UK today was the CBI’s Distributive Trades Survey for November which soared from 21 to 26, smashing expectations of a 12 print, while French consumer confidence data is the early print this morning. Markets in the US should be quiet again today but there is some data due out including the remaining flash November PMI’s (services and composite), wholesale inventories and the advance goods trade balance for October. It’ll also be worth keeping an eye on any retail sales data for Black Friday sales in the US. A reminder that this Sunday the second and final round of the French centre-right primary is due to be held. The run-off is between Francois Fillon and Alain Juppe, the former coming out on top in the first round, with the winner going on to be the chosen Republican candidate. We should know the winner around 9pm GMT on Sunday evening. 
US Event Calendar 8:30am: Advance Goods Trade Balance, Oct., est. -$59b (prior -$56.5b) 8:30am: Wholesale Inventories m/m, Oct P, est. 0.2% (prior 0.1%); Retail Inventories m/m, Oct. (prior 0.3%) 9:45am: Markit US Services PMI, Nov. P, est. 54.8 (prior 54.8) 
* * * 
DB’s Jim Reid concludes the overnight wrap 
Good luck to all those braving the sales today. It’s staggering to see the number of ‘How to Survive Black Friday’ articles out there now and how many more stories there are with tips and strategies to get the best bargains on the day. Apparently it now takes weeks of precise planning and preparation. It sounds like you’ll need a decent plate of leftover turkey this morning to build up the energy first. 
If the last 24 hours is anything to go by then it’s likely to be another fairly quiet day ahead with the US scheduled for an early close. While there wasn’t much to shout about in markets yesterday the most interesting story concerned a Bloomberg report about the ECB possibly putting off decisions about the future of its bond-buying program until next year. The crux of the story concerned the parameters of the program and how the technical issues relating to bond scarcity may have eased with the recent rise in yields. The story also suggested that ‘some’ policy makers would consider a delay on the QE extension decision but we’d also caveat that with the mention of ‘most’ policymakers still seeing a need to send a dovish message at next month’s meeting given the inflation outlook. Indeed we’d highlight that the recent message from ECB officials has been just that including President Draghi’s recent comments. A reminder too that the 2019 staff forecasts will be available for the first time at the meeting next month. That said, it is worth noting that expectations were fairly high for a QE announcement in December 2014 and we had to wait for January 2015 for the decision to eventually be made so you can’t entirely rule out the possibility a delay. 
With that Bloomberg report coming as markets in Europe closed we didn’t get to see too much of a reaction. 10y Bund yields finished little changed at 0.251% with yields, if anything, a couple of basis points higher following the story. The periphery was a bit more mixed (Portugal and Spain 1bp lower and Italy 1bp higher) but again moves were fairly modest. This morning we’ve seen 10y Treasury yields rise nearly 5bps however. There was also some focus on FX markets yesterday with a number of EM currencies making new recent lows including currencies in India, Malaysia, Vietnam and Philippines. The Turkish Lira (-1.44%) was also under pressure despite Turkey’s central bank raising rates for the first time in nearly three years. Following that though the European Parliament then voted overwhelmingly in favour of suspending EU membership talks with Turkey. 
Elsewhere, equity markets in Europe yesterday were generally a touch firmer despite volumes some 50% or so below the usual daily average The Stoxx 600 closed up +0.31% as healthcare and tech stocks led the move higher, while credit indices were marginally tighter. A bit of stability in the Oil complex seemingly helped too with WTI continuing to hover around the $48/bbl level ahead of the OPEC meeting next week. 
Back to the ECB, Vice-President Constancio also added to the recent chorus of dovish communication from the Bank yesterday. He said that ‘we want our policies, including unconventional policies, in place until we are convinced there is a sustained path toward our objective of inflation’. The ECB’s twice-yearly Financial Stability Review was also released yesterday with the report warning about the risk of a possible abrupt global correction on the back of political uncertainty and elevated geopolitical tensions which is posing risks to stability, banks, confidence and economic growth. 
This morning in Asia, with the exception of China it’s been a broadly positive session for equity markets. The Nikkei (+0.77%), Hang Seng (+0.38%), Kospi (+0.10%) and ASX (+0.62%) are all up although in China the Shanghai Comp (-0.43%) has dipped lower. US equity index futures are also a smidgen higher while sovereign bond markets are generally weaker. 10y JGB yields in particular are a couple of basis points higher at 0.053% and the highest yield since mid-February. The Yen (-0.25%) however is under pressure and approaching ¥114 following the latest leg higher for the Dollar. The latest CPI data was also out in Japan overnight. The good news is that headline CPI return to positive territory at +0.1% yoy versus -0.5% in September, however the core remains rooted in deflation at -0.4% yoy (from -0.5%). The core-core did also improve to +0.2% yoy from 0.0%. Our economists noted that the increase in overall CPI was mainly due to a sharp increase in the price of fresh vegetables due to unfavourable weather. 
The only other snippet to mention from yesterday was the economic data. The most significant came from Germany where there was no final revisions made to the Q3 GDP print of +0.2% qoq, leaving the YoY rate at +1.7%. The components of the report showed that growth mainly came from domestic demand, especially private and government consumption. Meanwhile Germany’s November IFO survey revealed a business climate reading of 110.4 which was unchanged from the month prior. A slight increase in the current assessment component was offset by a modest decline in expectations. In France business confidence was also unchanged in November at 102. 
Looking at today’s calendar the main focus this morning in the European session will likely be on the UK where we’ll get the second estimate of Q3 GDP and where the Office for National Statistics is expected to confirm that GDP grew at +0.5% qoq during the quarter. We’ll also receive the wider components of the GDP report which will be interesting to see. Also due out in the UK today is the CBI’s Distributive Trades Survey for November while French consumer confidence data is the early print this morning. Markets in the US should be quiet again today but there is some data due out including the remaining flash November PMI’s (services and composite), wholesale inventories and the advance goods trade balance for October. It’ll also be worth keeping an eye on any retail sales data for Black Friday sales in the US. 
A quick reminder before we sign off that this Sunday, the second and final round of the French centre-right primary is due to be held. As a reminder the run-off is between Francois Fillon and Alain Juppe, the former coming out on top in the first round, with the winner going on to be the chosen Republican candidate. We should know the winner around 9pm GMT on Sunday evening. Related ",0
15161,President Elect Trump – A New Era of Unpredictability Awaits,"President Elect Trump – A New Era of Unpredictability Awaits President Elect Trump is new title for New York businessman, millionaire and Republican candidate Do... Print Email http://humansarefree.com/2016/11/president-elect-trump-new-era-of.html President Elect Trump is new title for New York businessman, millionaire and Republican candidate Donald J. Trump, who yesterday on November 8th, 2016 successfully won the US presidential election. Trump managed to defeat favorite Hillary Clinton by a relatively narrow margin. The victory came as a shock to many Americans, regardless of where they reside on the political spectrum. For many in the alternative media, the victory of President Elect Trump comes with a great sense of relief that career criminal Hillary Clinton was not elected (or installed) as so many had expected. Clinton had already showed a propensity to collude, cheat and lie during the Democratic Primaries where she triumphed with dirty tactics over Bernie Sanders.For many others, turned off by Trump’s racism, sexism, xenophobia, Islamophobia and generally flippant comments, the Trump victory is devastating and will challenge them psychologically and emotionally to accept the reality for the results. Hillary Clinton: What Went Wrong? The result is especially surprising given the degree to which Hillary Clinton had ingratiated herself with the upper echelons of the NWO ( New World Order ). From an outside perspective, it seemed Clinton had left no stone unturned in brown-nosing and sucking up to the most powerful people and organizations in the world, including the Rothschilds , Goldman Sachs, the Rockefeller CFR ( Council on Foreign Relations ) and many many more. Additionally, given her propensity for criminality and her powerful backers such as George Soros , coupled with the serious problems electronic voting machines possess in being able to be hacked and the vote flipped, many are left wondering how Hillary lost . What went wrong? At this stage in the game of post-election analysis, we can point to a few things. Hillary’s criminal past clearly caught up with her. It is unprecedented in the history of US presidential elections for a leading candidate to be under an on-again, off-again criminal investigation. Clinton simply has so many scandals in her recent and distant past that it’s like trying to stop a ship with 30 holes from sinking; you can’t plug them all. She was also running up against the problem that the Democrats had been in power for 8 years, when recent history shows that power seems to change hands in around that time frame. Clinton represented the establishment, and as the popularity of both Bernie Sanders and Donald Trump has shown, people are tired of the same. They intuitively know the system is rigged and corrupt, even if they can’t exactly put their fingers on it. Obama, Mr. “Hope and Change”, got in with a slick campaign of promising something different (upon which he didn’t deliver). Trump represented anti-establishment, and whether he truly embodies that or not is an entirely different matter, because it’s all about perception. Does a Trump Victory Show that NWO Powerbrokers Are Less in Control than It Seems? The win of President Elect Trump is truly shocking and monumental event. Many people (including myself) were predicting that it was a foregone conclusion that Clinton would win. For instance, founder of WikiLeaks Julian Assange stated before the election that “Trump would not permitted to win”. The MSM ( Mainstream Media ) were clearly favoring Clinton at almost every turn. Whatever you think of Trump, we can at least say the will of the majority of American voters was respected, which is a relief, given how much corruption exists in our society today.The question now is this: is a Trump victory the result the NWO powerbrokers wanted all along, for reasons we are yet to see? Or is it a genuine uprising against these forces? What Does a Trump Presidency Mean for Liberty and Freedom? For me, Trump can be summarized in one word: unpredictable . President Elect Trump truly embodies unpredictability more than any other high-level politician around. One moment he is railing against the 9/11 official story, then he is declaring his love for Israel, then he is bringing up the vaccine-autism connection, then he is suggesting Snowden be killed. Next he is suggesting GMO corn makes you stupid, then he suggesting Muslims be banned from the US, then he is calling global warming a hoax , then he is suggesting the Government be given the power to shut down the internet. Then, after all of that, he makes friendly overtures to Russia while demonizing the hell out of Iran. What does he stand for? Peace or war? Freedom or tyranny?At this stage no one knows, probably not even Trump himself. He has contradicted himself numerous times throughout his campaign, and merely once suggesting a good idea (i.e. looking at who controls the issuance of money instead of letting the international bankers via the Federal Reserve control it) doesn’t mean it will become his policy. Unpredictability is one of Trump’s great qualities, but also one of his most dangerous. A lot will depend on with whom he surrounds himself once becoming President Trump, and what kind of advice they give him. His VP Mike Pence is a standard conservative Republican who will be no doubt far more to the liking of the NWO conspirators, but Trump is also taking advice from retired DIA (Defense Intelligence Agency) chief Michael Flynn, the man who came out and highlighted how the US created ISIS in a declassified DIA document .For now, America and the world have around two-and-a-half months to get over the incredible shock of yesterday’s result and psychologically prepare itself for a Trump presidency. Meanwhile, it would be foolish for us to expect that one man can fix all of America’s problems. It will be the job of the independent and alternative media to hold Trump to his promises and his word, and to continue to share ideas of how we can truly create a better, freer and more just society. This necessarily involves questioning the very structures and systems of society, and will never magically improve with just the passing of the baton from one politician to another. By Makia Freeman , Guest writer, HumansAreFree.com  ",0
15162,Ethnic Cleansing? California Town Now Less Than 10 Percent White,"Ethnic Cleansing? California Town Now Less Than 10 Percent White Ethnic Cleansing? California Town Now Less Than 10 Percent White By 0 25 
Ethnic cleansing used to be a bad thing. But in America, when it happens to white people, it’s called progress and the “ new face of California .” 
The town of Santa Ana has been almost 100% purged of white people. They were pushed out not by tanks and machine guns, but by a massive influx of people speaking a different language and bearing a different culture who expected everyone to adapt to their norms. 
Today Santa Ana is nearly 80% Hispanic and less than 10% white. We have a city in America that now demographically perfectly mirrors many cities in Mexico. 
Vicente Sarmiento remembers when the local Republican Party here posted uniformed guards at polling stations in a closely fought State Assembly race three decades ago and they hoisted signs in English and Spanish warning that noncitizens were prohibited from voting. The guards were removed after state elections officials threatened legal action. 
Such tactics would never take place today in this city 35 miles southeast of Los Angeles, where Mr. Sarmiento is now the mayor pro tem. 
Everyone votes now, whether citizen or non-citizen, living or otherwise. 
Immigrants living illegally in California are entitled to driver’s licenses. Their children can receive state-funded health insurance. Local law enforcement officials generally do not provide information to federal immigration authorities. 
1) Illegals get instant legitimacy with driver’s licenses. 
2) Illegals eagerly suck on the welfare teat. 
3) Illegals in…",0
15163,Disclosure of Aztec Artifacts Found in Mexico,"Disclosure of classified X documents and archaeological Aztec origin objects found in Ojuelos de Jalisco, Mexico The Aztecs came long after the Maya. The Mexican government had agreed to disclose to the public several archaeological objects that have remained hidden for decades, from the time they were discovered. 
A helmet-shaped head of Alien, etched in stone tablets of gold and silver, which can be recognized in engraved details – how astronauts that traveling in space ships with other ships scenes actually looks like. Also you can observe comets and planets there.


The Mexica or Aztecs were a people of the Nahuatl culture that existed in the area of Mesoamerica from the twelfth to the sixteenth century. These people are called themselves Mexica (pronounced meshicas) or tenochcas (inhabitants of Tenochtitlan). The Aztec word meaning ‘from Aztlán’ and was their tribal name. In just 70 years, the owners would greatest empire that had existed in Mesoamerica. A lost culture and never seen until now. They are objects filled with details of the lives of these characters in our remote distant and forgotten history, which until now had remained hidden. Several families of Ojuelos city in the province of Jalisco, Mexico, have been collecting for about 50-60 years a total of 400 artifacts extraordinary, with the dream of one day open his own museum, and publicize to the the public such an amazing objects. Here Are Some of the Approximately 400 Objects Found: 




























Prints, sculptures, rings, pendants. It seems that this former American culture had contact with eyes elongated creatures who lived with them over time and represented their craft in the skies. The same figures Alien contacted many say seeing them today. Or at least it seems. Conclusions Scientific analysis by Ma Luisa Trujillo of the two objects found: Based solely on the interpretation of all we have, chemical analysis, we can infer that the person who drew up the pieces did not know the process covers and glazes as is now known, whereby the characteristics do not match 100% with some type of nail Today, we might think that used in the composition principles of stoneware but at a lower temperature which completely changes the finish. Covers or stoneware glazes give good results with oxidizing or reducing atmospheres, generally used to initiate a reducing atmosphere and at the end a neutral or oxidizing atmosphere on assessed pieces oxidizing atmosphere was used. Via: Earth Mystery News ",0
15164,Krauthammer on Russia-Kushner Ties: ’I Don’t Trust This Story’ - ’The Russians Are Leaking It Clearly’ - Breitbart,"Monday on Fox News Channel’s “Special Report,” Washington Post columnist Charles Krauthammer reacted to the latest controversy involving the Trump White House, which top Trump aide Jared Kushner is alleged to have had improper back channel communications with the Russian government.  Krauthammer dismissed the controversy and noted the timing of the allegations of the effort to open communications, which are said to have happened during the transition and not the campaign. “I don’t trust this story,” Krauthammer said. “The Russians are leaking it clearly on a channel they know we’re going to pick up. The Russians are masters of disinformation. They already have Washington with its knickers in a twist with a Russian conspiracy. This is an added twist. Somebody’s going to get a hernia here. I think I’ll stop the metaphor with that point. But we have no idea if it’s true. Let’s say it is true. Isn’t the problem here, the accusation here that there was some collusion during the campaign with the Russians? Well, everyone agrees if the story is true, it occurred after the campaign during the transition. So, unless there’s some sort of nefarious connection here, there’s no connection to what was alleged to have happened during the campaign. ” “And lastly, we’ve had backchannel connections with adversaries for generations,” he added. “Henry Kissinger had them with the Russians and the Chinese. Hillary had a backchannel to establish the opening with the Iranians in what ended up as the opening in what ended up as the Iranian nuclear deal   …     This happens all the time. I don’t quite understand where is the crime other than it is another piece that has Russia in the headline, Trump people in the headline and thus, it is supposed to be scandalous. Show me. ” Follow Jeff Poor on Twitter @jeff_poor",0
15165,"Pipeline Police Strip Search Native Girl, Then Leave Her Naked In Jail Overnight","As the pressure to start construction on the Dakota Access Pipeline increases, so does the violence used against peaceful protesters. Many have noticed that the arms against these indigenous people... ",0
15166,Hillary Clinton Is DEFINITELY Going To Win. Here’s How We Know (DETAILS),"Hillary Clinton Is DEFINITELY Going To Win. Here’s How We Know (DETAILS) By Carrie MacDonald   
The famous electoral prognosticator Larry Sabato recently shocked a CNN host when he boldly proclaimed that he believed Democratic presidential nominee Hillary Clinton would win the presidency with 352 electoral votes. Looking at the math, though 352 may be a stretch, we WILL inaugurate the first woman president on January 20, 2017. The Road To 270 
As I discussed in detail in my Electoral College 101 piece for Liberal America , a presidential candidate must win 270 of the 538 total electoral college votes in order to win the presidency. It is possible for this to happen even when a candidate does not win the popular vote, as we saw in the election of 2000. 
As it stands now, with fewer than two weeks to go, Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump could win all the states that are expected to vote red, including the ones that just “lean” Republican, AND every single swing state, and he still will not win the election. All those states would give him just 245 votes. That’s 25 short of a win. 
On the other hand, if Clinton wins every state that is expected to vote blue, as she is expected to do, she will have 293 electoral votes. The Cook Political Scorecard And FiveThirtyEight 
The Cook Political Report , a non-partisan newsletter, published the following scorecard on October 27, 2016: Screenshot via The Cook Political Report 
As you can see, the math looks grim for the Donald. If he wins the 179 votes he’s expected to win PLUS the 66 that are the tossup votes, he’s still short. 
The Cook report still has Florida as a tossup (swing) state. However, Nate Silver’s current projection for that state — the most coveted of all swing states in any presidential race — has Clinton winning. Screenshot via Fivethirtyeight.com 
The New York Times has a great interactive tool on The Upshot portion of their website as well. The tool assumes certain electoral votes going to each candidate, and you can try different scenarios to see how many paths to victory each candidate has. As the math goes, if you give every blue state shown above to Clinton, she wins. The Upshot puts Clinton’s chances of winning at 92 percent. 
Basically, only something monumentally catastrophic will cause her to lose this election. You Still Have To VOTE 
Of course, despite our headline here, everyone still has to vote to make this a reality. If Democrats get complacent, then that map could get a lot redder. That’s what tends to happen in “off-year” elections, since the Republicans are a lot more likely to get out and vote. It’s why we have a House of Representatives that has been gerrymandered to the point that it’s nearly impossible for the Democrats to regain control of it. 
In 2012, House Democrats received more votes than Republicans, yet the Republicans retained control. Why? Redistricting. Had more Democrats voted in 2010, we may not be in such a predicament. Districts are redrawn at least once every 10 years, and the party that controls each state’s legislature generally tends to redraw them to their party’s favor. While some (myself included) may argue that districts should be drawn in a much more equitable manner, the fact remains that, currently, the party in power draws the district to their favor. 
So go out and vote. Not just this year, but in every election. Every time. Vote in your local elections. Vote in primaries and general elections. Make your voice heard. 
And let’s make this map even more blue.",0
15167,HA HA! Look At Arkansas Today Trump +28,"HA HA! Look At Arkansas Today Trump +28 If the election were held in Hillary's home state today, Trump would be winning by a landslide. 02/08/16 5 08/14/15 11 Mail with questions or comments about this site. ""Godlike Productions"" & ""GLP"" are registered trademarks of Zero Point Ltd. Godlike™ Website Design Copyright © 1999 - 2015 Godlikeproductions.com Page generated in 0.008s (8 queries)",0
15168,San Francisco Symphony Replaces Canceled North Carolina Concerts With a Pride Benefit - The New York Times,"When the San Francisco Symphony canceled an upcoming pair of concerts in North Carolina to protest the state’s law curbing protections for lesbian, gay, bisexual and transgender people, it suddenly found itself with a hole in its calendar. It found a pointed way to fill it. Michael Tilson Thomas, the orchestra’s music director, is planning “Symphony Pride,” a gala concert to highlight the musical contributions of lesbian and gay composers, with the money it raises going to four nonprofit organizations that provide services for L. G. B. T. people. Given the contributions gay composers have made to American music, from the   to Broadway, Mr. Thomas said in an telephone interview that he was surprised to discover that the orchestra had not done a similar concert before. “It just seemed to me to be something that would have happened a number of times,” said Mr. Thomas, who is gay. “But as it turns out, no, as far as we know it hasn’t happened. ” The pride concert, which will be held on April 4 at Davies Symphony Hall in San Francisco, will feature music by composers including Lou Harrison, Henry Cowell, Meredith Monk and John Cage. Audra McDonald will perform a selection of songs by Leonard Bernstein, Stephen Sondheim and Kander and Ebb she will also narrate Aaron Copland’s “Lincoln Portrait. ” In December, the San Francisco Symphony canceled concerts it had planned to give on April 5 and 6 in Chapel Hill, N. C. joining a growing list of artists who have shunned the state, including Bruce Springsteen, Ringo Starr and the violinist Itzhak Perlman. The orchestra did so to protest a law, commonly known as House Bill 2, that nullified local ordinances establishing   protections for lesbian, gay, bisexual and transgender people, and required people in public buildings to use restrooms that correspond with the gender listed on their birth certificates. Gov. Roy Cooper of North Carolina, a Democrat who was elected in November, has been trying to persuade the   legislature to repeal the measure, which he has called a hindrance to attracting business to the state. “It’s the old story,” Mr. Thomas said. “Once people in society figure out a way of depriving this group of people of their rights, well, it’s very easy to go on and think of some other group they can deprive of their rights next. ” Most of the proceeds of the “Symphony Pride” concert will go to Larkin Street Youth Services, the Transgender Law Center, the National Center for Lesbian Rights, and the Trevor Project. Asked if the orchestra might host future pride concerts or galas, Mr. Thomas replied, “As my mother would have said, ‘From your lips to God’s ears. ’”",0
15169,Trump and Roger Stone Were Just Ordered To Court For Voter Intimidation Tactics,"Comments 
Ohio has become the second state – after Nevada – to order the Trump campaign to appear in court and answer charges of voter intimidation and suppression in urban areas. 
A federal judge ordered Republican nominee Donald Trump, his longtime political advisor Roger Stone and the Ohio Republican Party into court this week to face charges of violating the Voting Rights Act and the remaining provisions of the Ku Klux Klan Act of 1871, which makes it illegal to conspire to deprive citizens of their civil rights, specifically voting rights. Cleveland.com reports : 
The order entered Tuesday by U.S. District Judge James Gwin in Cleveland says the defendants’ response must include any objections to an order “limiting voter intimidation” or “limiting people at polling locations who are not authorized poll watchers or outside the polling stations.” 
The speed in which Gwin ordered the response, while not necessarily signaling how he feels about the case, shows that the judge is taking the accusations of voter intimidation seriously before Nov. 8 Election Day. 
The candidate may use a wink and a nod, but that doesn’t allow anyone to circumvent the federal laws governing elections. The US Constitution places all federal elections under the realm of congressional control, and the Voting Rights Act makes it illegal to intimidate or pressure anyone seeking to exercise their right to vote. 
As the lawsuit indicates, even Ohio Republicans are reporting Trump supporters using illegal intimidation tactics in Cuyahoga County, the home of Cleveland’s large minority population: 
According to Pat McDonald, the Republican Director of the Cuyahoga County Board of Elections, Trump supporters have already visited the county elections board identifying themselves as poll observers, even though they did not appear to be credentialed as poll observers as required under Ohio law. Indeed, Trump’s fearmongering has caused Cuyahoga County election officials to express concerns of instability on Election Day and to raise the prospect of deploying law-enforcement officials to the polls if necessary to address polling place issues. 
Democrats filed suit late Sunday night to enjoin Republicans from efforts which have included fake poll watcher badges and verbal conduct by the Trump campaign and nominee, plus efforts by Roger Stone’s Super PAC to exit-poll minority polling places, when in fact Stone doesn’t run a polling operation and hasn’t during this year’s campaign: 
The lawsuit cites several examples of such comments by Trump made in Ohio, including a statement made at an Aug. 22 rally in Akron. “You’ve got to get everybody to go out and watch, and go out and vote,” Trump said at the rally. “And when I say ‘watch,’ you know what I’m talking about, right?” It also references an unnamed senior Trump campaign official who told Bloomberg News that “we have three major voter suppression operations under way.” 
It also takes aim at Stone and a group he controls, Stop the Steal Inc., and seeks to stop them from conducting “exit polling” in nine cities that historically vote Democrat. These include Cleveland, Philadelphia and Las Vegas. Stone said in an emailed statement that the polls his organizations will conduct will be scientific. “We seek only to determine if the election is honestly and fairly conducted and to provide an evidentiary basis for a challenge to the election if that is not the case,” he said in the statement. “I assume the purpose of this bogus lawsuit is to distract from the voter-fraud the Democrats have traditionally engaged in.” 
Stone did not provide any evidence to back up his fraud claim. 
Ohio isn’t the only battleground state in the fight against Republican dirty tricks at the polls. Lawsuits in Pennsylvania, Nevada and Arizona are also being fought over the same issues , but with each local problem, such as the 94 vigilante poll watchers Roger Stone has signed up in Arizona for his Super PAC. 
The Democratic National Committee is also suing its national counterpart, and just received extensive information about the RNC’s poll watching plans and geographic targeting which is still being held under seal by the federal court. A federal judge is hearing that case in Newark, N.J. tomorrow at 10am and a decision is expected sometime later in the day. 
Ironically, the multi-state litigation is happening because the national Republican Party successfully separated state level parties from the 1982 court monitoring agreement , so now the Democratic Party must file new lawsuits in multiple states in addition to the national case. However, two state party chairmen that are also RNC members have become embroiled in the national case, as well as some of the Ohio issues have been cited in the national case against the RNC. 
The Ohio federal court has greatly expedited this case, so expect more news before election day about rulings meant to protect the general public from vigilante “ballot security” operations.",0
15170,Acting FBI Director: There Has Been ’No Effort’ to Impede Russia Investigation - Breitbart,"Acting FBI Director Andrew McCabe told senators that there has been “no effort” to impede the bureau’s investigation of Russian interference in the election and any Trump campaign collusion. [“There has been no effort to impede our investigation to date,” McCabe said.  His comment came in response to a question by Sen. Marco Rubio ( ) about whether President Trump’s firing of former FBI Director James Comey has impacted the investigation in any way. McCabe added, “Simply put, sir, you cannot stop the men and women of the FBI from doing the right thing, protecting the American people, and upholding the Constitution,” he said. Democrats have accused Trump of firing Comey to stymie the investigation. The Wall Street Journal reported that the FBI’s investigation had begun to pick up steam in the last few weeks, and Comey had asked for more resources from Deputy Attorney General Rod Rosenstein. Justice Department spokeswoman Sarah Isgur Flores told the WSJ that Comey last met with Rosenstein on May 1 and “there was no discussion of resources or funds related to the Russia investigation at that meeting. ” Acting FBI Director Andrew McCabe told senators on Thursday that he could not confirm that such a request was made, but said such a request would have been made to Congress, not through the Justice Department. “It’s not consistent with my understanding of how we request additional resources,” he said.",0
15171,’Invasion’: Officials Confirm Foreigners Fighting for Islamic State in 90% Christian Philippines - Breitbart,"Government officials in the Philippines have confirmed that some terrorists fighting with the Maute group and Abu Sayyaf, both Islamic State affiliates, are foreigners who traveled to the country to help the jihadists establish themselves. [“What is happening in Mindanao is no longer a rebellion of Filipino citizens. It has transmogrified into an invasion by foreign terrorists who heeded the clarion call of [the Islamic State],” Solicitor General Jose Calida told reporters on Friday. The southern island of Mindanao, home to President Rodrigo Duterte, erupted in violence this week when Maute group terrorists ambushed police attempting to arrest Isnilon Hapilon, the head of Abu Sayyaf. Maute terrorists beheaded the police chief of Marawi city, freed over 100 terrorists from local prisons, and have raised the Islamic State flag over Marawi.  Duterte imposed martial law over all of Mindanao and urged civilians to flee Marawi where the Philippine military has begun to conduct airstrikes. Brig. Gen. Restituto Padilla, a spokesman for the Philippine Armed Forces, confirmed that at least six of the 12 jihadists killed in operations so far are not Philippine citizens, but Indonesians and Malaysians. “There is a certain information that we received which confirmed the killing of 12 members of this group and half that are foreign terrorists  —   Malaysians, Indonesians, and one other,” he noted. Duterte himself spoke on Friday, warning, “you can say that the ISIS is here already. ” Duterte also noted the importance of illegal drug smuggling to jihadist operations, telling reports that the brothers who founded the Maute group were “policemen in Manila who got enamored with the money of shabu [methamphetamine]. They returned here and established one of the biggest factories of shabu in Lanao del Sur,” where Marawi is located. Duterte won the presidency last year on a campaign to eradicate drug crime and has since launched an expansive national   trafficking operation that many in Europe have criticized for allegedly not taking the safety of civilians into consideration. Duterte’s   imposition of martial law allows police to search, seize, and arrest without warrants and grants police the ability to censor press that may be releasing sensitive information. Duterte has told police to “spare no one” fighting them and has assured terrorists, “you will die” if confronting officers. The president has also repeatedly warned police not to abuse these powers to avoid losing the support of the people and emboldening the jihadists. Duterte has warned for months that the Philippines, despite boasting a Christian population of over 90 percent and a 5 percent Muslim population, would become an ISIS target. “Some parts of the islands of Mindanao, there are white people. I suppose they are Arabs, and they are here as missionaries,” Duterte warned in November. “They are not armed, but they are here for indoctrination, that’s what I’m afraid of. ” Duterte has also confessed to having “cousins” in the Islamic State, as his family hails from the Muslim regions of the south. Duterte promised his armed forces “the weapons and the equipment and we have the air assets to help you. ” “I’m scraping the bottom of the barrel to look for money to see you through,” he promised. “I’ll give you all you need. Just wait for the new firearms. ” Duterte has reached out to   allies for such aid, and it appears to be working. On Thursday, the Russian government requested the Philippines send Moscow a “shopping list of defense equipment” they need to fight both jihadists and drug criminals. “The response of the Russian Federation through President (Vladimir) Putin was very, very generous. So they said, well, we have the framework in place through our agreements to cooperate,” Philippine Foreign Affairs Secretary Alan Cayetano said on Wednesday. “It’s nothing new for the Russian Federation to lend a helping hand to countries that are their friends,” he added. Cayetano added that the police and military were “suffering” due to outdated medical equipment use. “They’re getting hurt. They don’t have the best hospital equipment. Sometimes, the Abu Sayyaf have better equipment than they do,” he lamented. Duterte began the week in Moscow, on a trip in which he was scheduled to receive an honorary degree from one of Moscow’s best universities and meet with Putin personally. Duterte arrived back in Mindanao on Tuesday following the botched raid on Hapilon’s hideout, however, excusing himself due to the national security emergency. Follow Frances Martel on Facebook and Twitter.",0
15172,Fox News Names 2 Insiders to Top Posts - The New York Times,"In assuming the leadership of Fox News last month, Rupert Murdoch pledged a fresh start at a network reeling from accusations that its longtime chairman, Roger Ailes, had overseen a culture of harassment and intimidation. But on Friday, Mr. Murdoch made clear that  —   for now at least  —   Fox’s new era will be led by its old guard. Two veteran executives with deep ties to Mr. Ailes were named   of Fox News, the network announced, a nod toward corporate stability that was also taken as a sign that Mr. Murdoch was not yet prepared to fully overhaul management at one of his most profitable franchises. Bill Shine, an affable Ailes loyalist who is well liked by some of the network’s   anchors, like Sean Hannity, will oversee programming at Fox News and Fox Business Network. Jack Abernethy, a trusted Murdoch hand who runs Fox’s television station group, was placed in charge of business operations, including finance and advertising sales. The appointments are Mr. Murdoch’s first major personnel moves at the network since the ouster of Mr. Ailes, whose   tenure was upturned by sexual harassment allegations by a former anchor, Gretchen Carlson. And it suggested that Mr. Murdoch and his sons, James and Lachlan, are now focused on calming an unsettled newsroom, even as more women come forward with troubling stories about the network’s culture under Mr. Ailes. “Anybody who expected seismic changes was wrong,” said Andrew Heyward, a former president of CBS News. “This sends a strong signal to a jittery, shaken staff that Fox News plans to stay the course. ” Mr. Murdoch, 85, who named himself executive chairman of Fox News on Friday, is expected to take a   role there at least through the presidential election in November. Since becoming acting chief executive in July, Mr. Murdoch has been a constant presence in the Manhattan newsroom, piping up at news meetings and greeting employees in the hall. He recently moved into Mr. Ailes’s corner office on the second floor. Still, the fallout from the scandal is not over: An investigation by the law firm Paul, Weiss, Rifkind, Wharton  Garrison into other allegations against Mr. Ailes is continuing. The inquiry has expanded into whether other executives knew of any improper behavior and failed to act on it. On Friday, Fox also announced that its longtime chief financial officer, Mark Kranz, would retire. His departure was linked to his oversight of the network’s finances during a period when financial settlements were made with women who had complained of harassment, according to two people who requested anonymity to describe internal matters. Fox News is a significant source of profit for its parent company, 21st Century Fox, and the Murdochs would prefer smooth operations at the cable channel during a tumultuous election season that has resulted in record ratings. The elder Mr. Murdoch has said he is committed to maintaining Fox’s “distinctive, powerful” voice, curbing the predictions of those who thought that the   views of Fox’s opinion anchors might soften in the absence of Mr. Ailes. Mr. Shine, 53, has been with Fox since shortly after the channel debuted in 1996. He is a favored figure among some veteran anchors, including Mr. Hannity, who first recommended him to Mr. Ailes for a job. A Long Island native, Mr. Shine cut his teeth at the network producing Mr. Hannity’s program and working closely with personalities like Bill O’Reilly. His appointment was widely viewed as a sign of stability at a chaotic time, particularly with newsroom gossip focused on whether   anchors could leave in the wake of Mr. Ailes’s departure. Since Ms. Carlson went public with her allegations on July 6, a schism has developed within Fox News between Fox News loyalists  —   some of whom owe their careers to Mr. Ailes  —   upset at his ouster and others who either did not come forward or were dismayed by those who were defending Mr. Ailes before the investigation was complete. “I could not be happier with the new management team at Fox News Channel,” the anchor Greta Van Susteren, who also worked closely with Mr. Shine, wrote on Twitter on Friday. “Each is well liked and well respected Thank you Rupert!” Still, Mr. Shine was considered one of Mr. Ailes’s most loyal lieutenants. And his name, along with those of other executives, surfaced in recent accounts by two women who came forward to describe difficult experiences at Fox News. Andrea Tantaros, a daytime host, told The New York Times that when she complained to Mr. Shine about being harassed by Mr. Ailes, he told her, “Don’t fight this. ” Through a spokeswoman, Mr. Shine said that Ms. Tantaros never complained to him about Mr. Ailes harassing her. Laurie Luhn, a former Fox booker, told New York magazine that Mr. Ailes enlisted aides, including Mr. Shine, to recommend doctors and make travel arrangements for her while she was involved in a relationship with Mr. Ailes. Mr. Shine has told associates that he did not know that Mr. Ailes was in a relationship with Ms. Luhn. In a statement on Friday, Mr. Murdoch wrote: “Bill Shine has developed and produced a signature prime time that has dominated the cable news landscape for 14 of his 20 years with Fox News. His leadership and keen eye for programming has played a fundamental role in the success of both Fox News and Fox Business Network. ” Of Mr. Abernethy, who is 60, Mr. Murdoch wrote that his appointment “will ensure continued growth of Fox News and Fox Business Network for generations to come. ” Fox News also announced that Suzanne Scott had been named executive vice president of programming and would oversee the network’s daytime and   opinion shows. Jay Wallace will remain in charge of the news division. Ms. Scott and Mr. Wallace will report to Mr. Shine. Dianne Brandi, the general counsel, is expected to stay on as well.",0
15173,To the Youth a Day After the Election: Another World Is Possible,"By Tai Amri Spann-Wilson / 400yearsinbabylon.blogspot.com 
Dear Youth, 
On this day after the election, many are asking themselves how this could have happened. Regardless of who anyone close to you voted for, and regardless of how you yourself might vote, in a democratic country, the questions still remain: How could so few be allowed to vote? Why do so few who are eligible vote? How can we call ourselves a country when there seems to be so much hatred between those with differing ideologies? Do we care at all for people who are not like us? These questions can be maddening, but I beg you, don’t give up hope. I promise you that just the thought of you gives so many of us so much hope. Especially me. And also, please don’t fall into the temptation to hate those who may hate you. These times we are living in are reminding me, oddly enough, of the Empire Strikes Back. Luke, reacting to the violence of the world tries to combat it with more violence and ends up getting his hand cut off. It’s only after he goes and studies the intricacies of justice that he is able to confront Darth Vader and the Emperor in triumph. If I were to pick a Grandmaster Jedi of our world, it would be Dr. Howard Thurman, the “pastor” of Martin Luther King. Dr. Thurman wrote of hate, “The logic of the development of hatred is death to the spirit and disintegration of ethical and moral value.” While hatred is a natural emotion, acting from it and allowing it to take root will never accomplish the goals we want them to. I call you StillSpeaking Youth to combat what I have seen older generations do to younger generations throughout my lifetime and into history. Each generation seems to think that their generation was the one that knew how best to fight. I’m afraid that the older I get the more I might start saying to younger folkx, “At least MY generation had the Occupy Movement.” or “At least my generation was involved in the Black Lives Matter Movement.” But the truth of the matter is that every generation gets their chance to shine and be a part of creating what Dr. Martin Luther King, Jr. called, The Beloved Community. We hear a lot about Dr. King’s Dream, but what we hear are the little specifics, white children and Black children holding hands and blah, blah, blah. We often miss the big picture. The big picture was that Dr. King believed, as I do, that there is a world possible right here that is far different than the world we live in today. In that world: there is no hatred over religious and political differences; everyone is loved and cherished for who they are, no matter the color of their skin, their sexual orientation, their gender expression; and people aren’t treated differently because of how much money they make or what job they work. That Dream is possible, but only when we all put our hands into making this Beloved Community come true. I love each and every one of you so much, even when you get on my nerves I want to protect you from every harmful oppression. But the best way I know how to do that, is to try and help you be survivors in a world of hate. I always want to show you the survival tools I learned, and also the tools I’ve learned to help create a Beloved Community. Because I know, that just as I will someday be among the eldest generation of this world and that I hope to eventually be an ancestor that you call upon in your struggles, you will someday have to step up to the responsibilities of creating the Beloved Community in your own world just as me and my generation have. You don’t have to do it like us, in fact I really hope you don’t, we’ve made a lot of mistakes, but I want you to be those Love Warriors, I need you to be those Love Warriors, and I vow to be the Elder that you need. Just keep holding on and know this, the ancestors, including Dr. Thurman and Dr. King, are ALWAYS there when you call. You know I love you, Tai Amri (Baby Pastor and Jedi Master) Spann-Wilson 4.0 ·",0
15174,IT’S CONFIRMED! MICHIGAN GOES RED! – TruthFeed,"IT’S CONFIRMED! MICHIGAN GOES RED! IT’S CONFIRMED! MICHIGAN GOES RED! Breaking News By Amy Moreno November 9, 2016 
Donald Trump’s historic victory in the 2016 election is arguably one of the most amazing political victories of our lifetime. 
Donald Trump broke the “blue wall” by taking Pennsylvania, Wisconsin, and now, Michigan! 
This is what Donald Trump’s electoral map looks like: 
This looks like a country united. 
The last time Michigan went red was 1988. Special thank you and SHOUT OUT to Michael Moore. We couldn’t have won Michigan without YOUR HELP. This viral video was a game-changer. Thanks, Mike! Amy Moreno is a Published Author , Pug Lover & Game of Thrones Nerd. You can follow her on Twitter here and Facebook here . Support the Trump Movement and help us fight Liberal Media Bias. Please LIKE and SHARE this story on Facebook or Twitter. ",0
15175,Baton Rouge Shooting Jolts a Nation on Edge - The New York Times,"BATON ROUGE, La.  —   A gunman fatally shot three law enforcement officers and wounded three others here on Sunday before being killed in a shootout with the police. The attack’s motive was unclear as of Sunday evening, leaving an anxious nation to wonder whether the anger over recent police shootings had prompted another act of retaliation against officers. What was clearer were the waves of worry that rushed across the United States as sketchy details emerged of a bloody melee Sunday morning on a workaday stretch of highway in Louisiana’s capital  —   a city that had already been rocked by the police shooting on July 5 of a black man, a purported murder plot against the police that was apparently foiled and many racially charged nights of protest and rage. State and local officials speaking at a news conference here on Sunday afternoon did not address whether the law enforcement officers who were killed and wounded  —   three members of the Baton Rouge Police Department and three deputies from the East Baton Rouge Parish Sheriff’s Office  —   had been lured to the scene. Police officials said the officers had responded to a call about a man carrying a gun. Officials initially believed that other people might have been involved in the attack, but the superintendent of the Louisiana State Police, Col. Michael D. Edmonson, said at a news conference that it was the act of a lone gunman. Some details about the gunman began to emerge late Sunday: Officials identified him as Gavin Long, an   military veteran. According to military records released by the Marine Corps, Mr. Long served as a data network specialist and was a sergeant when he left the Marines in 2010. He enlisted in his hometown, Kansas City, Mo. in 2005, and was deployed to Iraq from June 2008 to January 2009, his records show. They also show a number of commendations, including the Good Conduct Medal. On a social media site registered under the name Gavin Long, a young   man who refers to himself as “Cosmo” posted videos and podcasts and shared biographical and personal information that aligned with the information that the authorities had released, so far, about the gunman. In one YouTube video, titled, “Protesting, Oppression and How to Deal with Bullies,” the man discusses the killings of   men at the hands of police officers, including the July 5 death here of Alton B. Sterling, and he advocates a bloody response instead of the protests that the deaths sparked. “One hundred percent of revolutions, of victims fighting their oppressors,” he said, “have been successful through fighting back, through bloodshed. Zero have been successful just over simply protesting. It doesn’t  —   it has never worked and it never will. You got to fight back. That’s the only way that a bully knows to quit. ” “You’ve got to stand on your rights, just like George Washington did, just like the other white rebels they celebrate and salute did,” he added. “That’s what Nat Turner did. That’s what Malcolm did. You got to stand, man. You got to sacrifice. ” In one of a string of podcasts the man posted, titled, “My Story,” he expounded on the recurrence of the number seven in his life. “My father was born in 1947. My mother was born in 1957. And I took physical form on   . ” Sunday was the man’s 29th birthday. Around the country, political leaders, police officers and activists focused their attention, and their mourning, on the slain officers. They also sought to calm the tensions that welled up this month over the killings of black men by the police and the retaliatory violence directed at officers, including the July 7 killings of five officers in Dallas, carried out by a black man who said he wanted to kill white police officers. Just last week, President Obama was in Dallas for a memorial service, and on Sunday afternoon, he was at the White House, again addressing the nation after an assault on police officers. He said the killings were “an attack on all of us. ” “We have our divisions, and they are not new,” he said, noting that the country was probably in store for some heated political speech during the Republican National Convention this week in Cleveland. “Everyone right now focus on words and actions that can unite this country rather than divide it further,” the president said. “We need to temper our words and open our hearts, all of us. ” Gov. John Bel Edwards of Louisiana said, “The violence, the hatred just has to stop. ” Colonel Edmonson said a call came in to police dispatch early Sunday reporting “a guy carrying a weapon” in the vicinity of the Hammond Aire Plaza shopping center on Airline Highway  —   a commercial thoroughfare dotted with carwashes, car dealerships and chain stores that cuts through a leafy residential neighborhood. It is also about a mile from the Baton Rouge Police Department headquarters, where protesters had held numerous rallies since July 5, when the police here fatally shot Mr. Sterling, after a confrontation in front of a convenience store. On Sunday, around 8:40 a. m. law enforcement officers observed the man, wearing all black and holding a rifle, outside a beauty supply store, the colonel said. In the next four minutes, there were reports of shots fired and officers struck, said Colonel Edmonson, whose agency will take the lead on the investigation, helped by local and federal investigators. Mark Clements, who lives near the shopping center, said in a telephone interview that he was in his backyard when he heard shots ring out. “I heard probably 10 to 12 gunshots go off,” he said. “We heard a bunch of sirens and choppers and everything since then. ” Avery Hall, 17, who works at a nearby carwash, said he was on his way to work when the gunfire erupted. “I was about to pull in at about 8:45, and we got caught in the crossfire,” he said. “I heard a lot of gunshots  —   a lot. I saw police ducking and shooting. I stopped and pulled into the Dodge dealership. I got out and heard more gunshots. We ducked. ” On the police dispatch radio, a voice could be heard shouting: “Shots fired! Officer down! Shots fired. Officer down! Got a city officer down. ” Around 8:48 a. m. officers fired at the suspect, killing him, Colonel Edmonson said. On Sunday afternoon, officials said that two of the slain officers were Baton Rouge city police officers, and that the third was from the Sheriff’s Office. One city police officer and two sheriff’s deputies were wounded, including one who was in critical condition. The shooting was the latest episode in a month of violence and extraordinary racial tension in the country. The night after the police shooting of Mr. Sterling, who was selling CDs outside a convenience store here, a black man was killed by the police during a traffic stop in a St. Paul suburb. The next night, five police officers were killed by a gunman in Dallas. Violence against the police, Mr. Edwards said, “doesn’t address any injustice, perceived or real. ” He continued, “It is just an injustice in and of itself. ” Speaking at the news conference, the police chief here, Carl Dabadie Jr. called the shooting “senseless” and asked people to pray for the officers and their families. “We are going to get through this as a family,” he said, “and we’re going to get through this together. ” The police in Baton Rouge had in recent days announced that they were investigating a plot by four people to target police officers, and they cited the threat to explain why their presence at local protests, which had been light at first, had grown heavy. The police said a    was arrested this month after running from a burglary of the Cash American Pawn Shop in Baton Rouge. He and three others, including a    arrested on Friday, were believed to have broken into the pawnshop through the roof. It was unclear whether the burglary was connected to Sunday’s shooting. Chief Dabadie told reporters at the time that the    had told the police “that the reason the burglary was being done was to harm police officers. ” The explanation, however, was met with skepticism on social media sites, where many people believed the report was concocted by the police to justify their militarized response to the protests after the death of Mr. Sterling. “That was bull  —   it was a scare tactic to calm things down,” Arthur Reed of Stop the Killing, the group that first released the video of Mr. Sterling’s shooting, said on Sunday. “And it worked. I ain’t going out there if people are going to be out there trying to kill police. ” The intense protests had started to lose steam. Sima Atri, a lawyer who represented some of the protesters who were arrested last weekend, said recently that many protesters were afraid to hit the streets after the authorities’ aggressive approach last weekend, which included nearly 200 arrests. (Nearly 100 charges were dropped on Friday.) A protest on Saturday afternoon attracted fewer than a dozen people, who huddled on the side of the road under a tent to escape the blazing sun and flashed signs at passing cars. They were mostly white the protesters at large demonstrations shortly after Mr. Sterling’s death had been nearly all black. Louisiana has lately taken a harder line to defend its police officers, who this year will become a protected class under the state’s hate crimes law. The killing of the officers on Sunday occurred as hundreds of police officers trained in   tactics braced for protests outside the Republican National Convention in Cleveland. Cat Brooks, the   of the Anti   Project, cautioned against criticizing activists after the attack on Sunday in Baton Rouge. “I think anytime that there’s a loss of life  —   black, white, police officer, otherwise  —   it’s cause for us to take a moment and be sad about that life,” she said. “And I think we have to be really careful about where these shootings of police officers steer the conversation. I think it’s absurd to insinuate that a movement that is doing nothing more than demanding that the war on black life come to an end is in any way responsible for these police officers getting shot. ” Stephen Loomis, the president of the Cleveland Police Patrolmen’s Association, has urged people not to bring their guns anywhere near Cleveland’s downtown during the convention because officers are in a “heightened state. ” In Cleveland on Sunday, Steve Thacker, 57, of Westlake, Ohio, stood in the city’s Public Square holding a semiautomatic    assault rifle  —   allowed under the state’s   law  —   as news broke that several officers had been killed in Baton Rouge. When asked about Mr. Loomis’s comments and the Baton Rouge shooting, Mr. Thacker said that despite the attack, he wanted to make a statement and show that people could continue to openly carry their weapons. “I pose no threat to anyone. I’m an American citizen. I’ve never been in trouble for anything,” said Mr. Thacker, an information technology engineer. “This is my time to come out and put my two cents’ worth in, albeit that it is a very strong statement. ”",0
15176,Some Villages in Italy May Never Recover From Earthquake - The New York Times,"PESCARA DEL TRONTO, Italy  —   Mostly there was silence, virtually the only sound being that of a river flowing peacefully down the mountain that swallowed this tiny hamlet when an earthquake struck early Wednesday. On Thursday, some of the nearly 130 people who once lived here returned, accompanied by firefighters, to try to retrieve a few belongings and mementos of a life that was obliterated in a few violent seconds of shaking. “Where was your bedroom?” a young fireman asked a couple from under his yellow helmet. “It was where you see that white closet,” the woman answered, indicating a few shelves without doors hanging open, over the hill. The sidewall of their   house collapsed down the slope, offering a glimpse of the intimacy of their lives. Italian officials now say that at least 267 people were killed in the mountain towns along the fault that erupted. But for the smallest of those places, like this one, the damage will be tallied not only in terms of the lost lives of family, friends and neighbors, but quite possibly the elimination of the towns themselves. Pescara del Tronto is gone. Perhaps five houses are left standing. And whether the place can ever be restored to the map seems an open question. The village is administratively part of the only slightly larger town of Arquata del Tronto, where 46 people are so far counted among the dead. For these largely isolated, hilltop towns in a rural region where the economy was already in decline, and where most of the permanent residents were already aging, the earthquake may be a coup de grâce, its own death knell. “It will be difficult for people to move back into Pescara del Tronto,” Michele Franchi, vice mayor of Arquata del Tronto, said, speaking from the camp near the main town, where half the tower pinnacles collapsed. “We should even wonder whether it’s wise to rebuild it right there, considering that it almost entirely came down. ” “But we need to move people out of tents quickly,” he added. “They need to see a chance for life here to restart, where possible. ” Of the 300 who were in the village when the quake struck, many were people who kept weekend houses to take a break from Rome, about 95 miles away. “I spent my life here,” said Enza, 52, an employee from Rome whose family home has been here for decades. “We are lucky because our house did not collapse. My mom, dad and brother left safely. But our entire lives are gone  —   so many friends, so many neighbors are no longer. How can we go back?” Enza was in no spirit to provide her full name. Residents do not feel like talking in Pescara del Tronto. The police and rescue officials escorted the few residents who had the courage to come back the day after the tragedy, in silence. Enza came back to recover her elderly parents’ medical devices and some clothes, so that they could feel somewhat less lost, she said. She was in Pescara del Tronto last weekend and went back to her work in Rome on Monday. Her brother took their parents safely into the street on Wednesday morning after the quake. The villages hit by the quake in the Marche region are along the ancient Roman road, the Via Salaria, that leads from Rome to the Adriatic Sea. Along this stretch of road, surrounded by green woods and high rocks, are now only cranes, tents and firefighters’ jeeps and trucks. Officers assigned to different points of the road discouraged travelers from taking it. Pescara del Tronto has been a summer or weekend destination, but many travelers were not strictly tourists. “This place was home to me and to so many others,” Enza said, breaking up in tears. “Not just the physical place  —   we all knew each other, so we all lost many, many members of our extended family. ” Enza said that, beyond the pain for lost friends and acquaintances, the worst part now was already the creeping nostalgia for a place that may have died with so many of its residents. “There used to be a stone step where we always sat down,” she said, pointing to a spot now buried under collapsed beams, roofs and stone bricks. “Our memories are completely erased. ” An ambulance passed by at full speed, sirens on, in the only narrow street leading into the town. Maybe one of her friends will become famous for being the last survivor taken out of the rubbles in Pescara del Tronto, Enza hoped. “You know, the worst is that this quake did not only take our future, but also took our past,” she said.",0
15177,Tips on Doorman Tipping and Other Holiday Traditions - The New York Times,"We are now in the season of little   envelopes for the doorman. This is also the season of oversize packages overwhelming the mailroom. And of lobby Christmas trees outshining humble menorahs. For millions of New Yorkers who live in apartment buildings, these things are as much a part of their holiday traditions as plum pudding and potato latkes. Many of the people who navigate these   landscapes will spend the next week wondering how much to tip the handyman and whether the decorations affixed to their doors will pass muster with the neighbors. Clutching a glass of chardonnay at the building holiday party, they might roll their eyes at the   menu  —   or, just as likely, balk at the lack of one. So, in the spirit of holiday giving, here’s some advice from a few seasoned New York apartment dwellers. If you want to bake cookies for your doorman, by all means do so, douse them in confectioners’ sugar and pass them around. But remember that sweets (or soap or candles) are no substitute for cash. “Cash is usually what’s expected,” said Paul Gottsegen, the president of Halstead Management. How much should you give? That depends on the size and style of your building. If your condo has a   concierge and apartments that fetch eight figures, assume your budget item will dwarf that of someone in a small rental with only a super. Still, it can be a fraught decision. “Whether you make a lot or you don’t make enough, you have to deal with a financial issue at a time when you’re already spending a lot,” said S. Jhoanna Robledo, the editor in chief of Brick Underground, a real estate website. The average tip for a super ranges from $75 to $175, according to the site’s tipping guide. But everyone’s situation is different  —   and staff members understand that someone living on a fixed income, for example, may give only that plate of cookies. In other cases, you should give more. “When I did an   renovation, I quadrupled my tip,” said Louise Phillips Forbes, an associate real estate broker at Halstead Property. Newcomers who signed a lease in September do not get a holiday pass. “If you just moved in at Thanksgiving, make this year a bigger acknowledgment,” Ms. Forbes said, since building staff members often lend a special helping hand to new tenants when they first arrive. Above all, do not stiff the staff, even if the doorman is on your naughty list. “It seems like a glaring slap in the face to not give anything,” Ms. Robledo said. Come December, lobbies turn into de facto post offices as packages roll in from online retailers. This year, some buildings have taken draconian measures to stem the flow. At the Chelsea rental where Rex Gonsalves lives, residents have been told that packages left for more than three days will be returned to the sender. But that rule could prove difficult to enforce since delivery services might not be inclined to retrieve packages that have been delivered to a correct address. Still, Mr. Gonsalves, an associate real estate broker at Halstead Property, learned his lesson when he returned home after Thanksgiving weekend to a pile of eight boxes and a grumpy doorman. “In hindsight, I should have waited until I came back to order it,” he said. Fortunately, none of his packages were returned, but the message was received: “The stress on the staff is so much,” he said. At the exclusive Riverhouse in Battery Park City, staff members now deliver packages directly to the apartments, according to Ingrid C. Manevitz, a litigator and resident. Another Riverhouse policy: Staff members will not leave packages with children, to minimize the risk of ruining holiday surprises. But the package pileup can make a nondoorman building a target. At John Carbone’s Bushwick rental, a number of packages left in the unattended lobby have been stolen since Thanksgiving. “It’s the season of stolen goods,” said Mr. Carbone, an agent at Brown Harris Stevens who unwittingly let a stranger into the building a few weeks ago, only to see her steal the contents of a box and leave. He now instructs carriers to deliver packages straight to his door, if possible, and he no longer holds the door for strangers. This year, the first night of Hanukkah falls on Christmas Eve. So, if ever there was a year to ponder the holiday lobby color scheme, this is it. “If somebody’s coming over for Hanukkah, and they walk into a lobby and they see a very religiously decorated tree with ornaments, they are offended,” said Dan Wurtzel, the president of First Service Residential New York. To keep the peace, avoid overtly religious decorations. “You don’t want a Nativity scene,” Mr. Wurtzel said. Menorahs usually get a pass because they are small, frequently relegated to a corner and usually enjoy a glaringly brief display season. “For the menorah, it’s eight days and you’re out,” said Steven D. Sladkus, a Manhattan real estate lawyer. On the other hand, “you get people saying, ‘Christmas ended a week ago. When is this stuff coming down? ’” Kwanzaa rarely gets even a nod from the decorating team. But beware of breaking tradition. Three years ago, newer shareholders of an Upper East Side   decided to invite Mrs. Claus to the holiday party instead of Santa. That did not go over well with the old guard, according to Mr. Gonsalves, whose client was among the newer residents. The decorating committee also made a misstep when it replaced the traditional Douglas fir tree with a futuristic version made of lights and wires, but no greenery. “It blew up into this whole thing about Christmas losing its meaning,” Mr. Gonsalves said. Now, the fir is back and peace is restored. Although most buildings generally prohibit decorations on apartment doors, the Christmas wreath is usually tolerated. But when the family in 4C hangs a picture of baby Jesus for all to see, secular neighbors may object. “If it’s distasteful, then we have to be the bad guy and go to the resident and say, ‘This is not appropriate,’” Mr. Wurtzel said. Ignoring the neighbors is a tradition in New York, except once a year at the holiday party, where we’re expected to bond over croquettes and bubbly. Southgate, a   in Midtown East, brings in professional carolers to serenade residents in the garden. Others host more modest affairs. But even a party can be reason to grumble. A Midtown West condo’s party was derailed this year when residents bickered about a   menu during an email exchange. Mr. Gonsalves’s client requested   nonalcoholic eggnog just to be a pain, he said. The joke fell flat. The board canceled the party (but not just because of the eggnog comment). For the most part, however, building parties go the way of other holiday functions. “Alcohol is usually served,” said Mr. Gottsegen, who offered one last piece of advice for revelers: “You don’t want to get too inebriated. ”",0
15178,Trading the ‘Ugliness’ of Drugs and Jail for Motherhood and College - The New York Times,"Beverly Emers strode through campus with assurance, her    son, Jabari, a few paces behind, as she gave the history of each monument at Bronx Community College this fall. Although decades older than most students there, Ms. Emers, 43, cannot walk between the buildings without someone waving, calling her name or inviting her to a party. It was not always this way. About fourteen years ago, Ms. Emers was too consumed with getting high to even consider college. It was winter 2003, and she was with friends strung out on drugs, her mind in a crazed disorientation. They had a word for the feeling: monos, Spanish for monkeys. By this time, Ms. Emers, who had been dealing drugs since she was 13, had lost track of the number of times she had been arrested. She dropped out of high school in 9th grade and spent six years in jail, usually on charges of selling or possessing drugs, according to police records. Ms. Emers knew the consequences, serving nine stints at the Rikers Island jail complex under three different aliases, according to records from the Department of Correction. Every time she walked out of jail, Ms. Emers swore she would never return. But each time she went back to the streets, only to start dealing again. But high on drugs that winter night, with her friends appearing like ghosts all around her, she found clarity. “I thought, ‘What am I doing here? ’” she recalled. “I saw the ugliness of my lifestyle for what it was. I knew where I was going wasn’t where I was supposed to be. And I just walked out. ” For a year, she had eluded officers on a parole violation charge, but no more. She went to the parole office in Midtown Manhattan to turn herself in. The office was closed, but she still banged on the back door. “You’re late,” she recalled an officer as saying. She replied: “You’re right. I’m more than a year late. ” Ms. Emers spent the next few months at Rikers. In a court hearing, she requested treatment for her drug addiction. She sought help from the Dreitzer House for Women and Children in East Harlem, which offers drug treatment and affordable housing. Ms. Emers moved into a shelter, where she was pregnant with Jabari and lived for the next year and a half, she said. But she struggled to disconnect from the toxic yet accepting community that had taken her in after an unhappy childhood. After kicking her drug habit, Ms. Emers said, she spent years “in limbo. ” “Not doing what I’d been doing before,” she said, “but not doing anything else instead. ” She cloistered herself in her Bronx apartment to avoid the temptations outside, but was depressed that her criminal record limited her job prospects. And when Jabari started school, his homework became another stressor for her, prompting verbal abuse. “He bore the brunt of that,” she said. Ms. Emers said she realized she needed to end the abuse, so she turned to Community School 61, an elementary school in the Bronx that partners with the Children’s Aid Society, one of eight organizations supported by The New York Times Neediest Cases Fund. There she volunteered and joined the   association. She also signed up for parenting classes at the Children’s Aid Society’s East Harlem Center and became more engaged at home. School administrators suggested she enroll in college, but Ms. Emers dismissed the idea until shortly after Jabari’s fifth grade graduation, when the mother and son were discussing his future. Jabari asked her, “When are you graduating?” “It wasn’t planned,” Jabari recalled. “It just came out. ” “And that was an aha! moment for me,” Ms. Emers said. “Because here I was telling him to read and study, and I don’t even have a high school diploma. ” So Ms. Emers “surrendered,” took college prep classes and enrolled in Bronx Community College in spring 2015. Ms. Emers, who is majoring in human services, hopes to work with South Bronx Rising Together, a partner of the Children’s Aid Society, which provides opportunities and educational resources to impoverished children and youth in the South Bronx. She is now on the dean’s list, serves as the executive secretary in student government and has received leadership and service awards from the college. She was also awarded the Kalief Browder Memorial Scholarship, given to students who served time in jail it is named after a man who was sent to Rikers at 16 and spent three years there without trial. In 2015 at the age of 22, Mr. Browder, who had been a student at the college, committed suicide, after struggling to rebuild his life following incarceration. Ms. Emers is the first recipient of the scholarship  —   $5, 000 for this academic year  —   which covers most of her costs. But an invitation to the scholarship gala held at the   event space Tribeca Rooftop in June posed a problem. “I didn’t have a dress to go to a gala in,” she said. To help, the Children’s Aid Society withdrew $640 from the Neediest Cases Fund for gift cards to pay for Ms. Emers’s and Jabari’s attire for the event, as well as expenses for school uniforms and household items. The family also received $550 from the fund to help with clothing and household goods in 2012. The family receives $194 in cash assistance and $376 in food stamps each month. Dressed for the occasion, they arrived at the industrial penthouse with large windows overlooking Manhattan and the Hudson River. Feeling out of place, Ms. Emers found comfort in her son. “Jabari was the   guy in the room,” she said, smiling. “And I’m not just saying that because he’s my son. ” Waiters passed hors d’oeuvres, and she encouraged Jabari, who wants to become a chef, to try a little of everything. “Just getting exposed to certain things could motivate him to work hard, and maybe he won’t make the same choices I did,” she said. Now, Ms. Emers is helping to plan a discussion in the spring on the importance of mental health and suicide prevention at her college. She also wants to develop resources to ease the transition between jail and civilian life for other formerly incarcerated students. Ms. Emers has not forgotten how far she has come, she said. More than a decade after leaving the treatment center, she still attends monthly meetings and visits her caseworker. “It’s an act of gratitude,” she said. “I want people to know we’re doing well, because they invested in me before I was doing well. This is our victory. ”",0
15179,Hillary Clinton Laughs When Asked If the New Emails Could Sink Her Campaign,"By Sarah Jones on Fri, Oct 28th, 2016 at 8:02 pm Secretary Clinton put pressure on Comey to explain himself saying, ""We've heard these rumors, we don't know what to believe. That is why it is incumbent on the FBI to tell us what they are talking about."" Asked if she thought this could sink her campaign, Clinton laughed. Share on Twitter Print This Post 
Hillary Clinton did a quick presser in Iowa to respond to questions about the FBI Director James Comey’s decision to appear to violate the Hatch Act 11 by participating in political activities 11 days before an election. 
Secretary Clinton put pressure on Comey to explain himself saying, “We’ve heard these rumors, we don’t know what to believe. That is why it is incumbent on the FBI to tell us what they are talking about.” 
Watch here: Video: Hillary Clinton calls on FBI to release all of the info it has & explain the issue in question without delay https://t.co/rg57U1RqPf 
— Bradd Jaffy (@BraddJaffy) October 28, 2016 
“The American people deserve to get the full and complete facts immediately. The director himself has said he doesn’t know if the emails referenced in his letter are significant or not,” the Democratic nominee said. 
“That’s why it’s incumbent on the FBI to tell us what they’re talking about,” Clinton said. 
Clinton pushed for more information to be released “without delay.” She said she found about the investigation from reports and that she wasn’t given advance notice. Clinton said she had not been contacted by Comey on this issue. 
When asked what she would tell voters about her emails, Clinton responded, “I think people made up their minds a while ago about the emails.” 
This might be the right place to mention the 22 million emails the Bush administration “lost” and the private RNC servers they used, as context for how important this issue really is to Republicans as a value. 
Kristen Welker asked if Clinton was afraid that this could sink her campaign, to which Secretary Clinton responded with a big laugh: ""Are you worried this could sink your campaign, Secretary Clinton,"" a reporter shouts as HRC walks out. Clinton only lets out a big laugh. 
— Ruby Cramer (@rubycramer) October 28, 2016 
The Republican FBI Director James Comey wrote the House on Friday to inform hopeful Republicans that they had found new emails relating to Clinton’s private email that begged further investigation. 
It turns out the emails didn’t come from Clinton’s server and there doesn’t seem to be any there there, except for giving Republicans a reason their base needs to get out to vote. 
Federal employees are forbidden from participating in political activities under the Hatch Act, and this is why a complaint has already been lodged against Comey . 
Hillary Clinton laughed because what else is she supposed to do at this point. How many years on is this? Republicans have mined this hopeful scandal for so long it’s DOA. The press has followed Republicans’ lead with the absurd email story- a story as ridiculous as it is common, and a story that was never a story until Clinton did it. 
Republicans and some in the press think this might sink the Clinton campaign. So they think America would rather put Putin’s puppet who laughs about sexually assaulting women in the White House than someone whose emails we’ve all read now and found nothing much but gossip. 
Yeah, I don’t think so. 
Dead story was dead before it started, but that won’t stop it from being spun into blood match.",0
15180,"‘Tired of Waiting’ for Politicians, Voters Put Minimum Wage on Ballot in Four States","‘Tired of Waiting’ for Politicians, Voters Put Minimum Wage on Ballot in Four States Posted on Nov 4, 2016 
By Lauren McCauley / Common Dreams “We all know that our economy is broken. We have seen that elected officials are just failing to do anything about it,” said Jonathan Schleifer, executive director of The Fairness Project. (Wisconsin Jobs Now/cc/flickr) 
Voters, “tired of waiting” for federal lawmakers, will soon be casting their ballot in Arizona, Colorado, Maine, and Washington to raise the grossly inadequate minimum wage and, advocates hope, raise the standard of living for roughly 2.1 million Americans. 
While none of the four ballot measures goes so far as to call for the $15 an hour wage that has been the rallying cry of the low wage worker movement and which became a pillar of Sen. Bernie Sanders’ presidential campaign, the initiatives signify a determination among Americans that it is high time to demand “an economy that can work for everyone.” 
“We all know that our economy is broken. We have seen that elected officials are just failing to do anything about it,” said Jonathan Schleifer, executive director of The Fairness Project. “The best way for us to make the changes that impact working Americans immediately is not to wait for politicians to figure this out but for us to support ballot measures that allow voters to speak out.” 
Thus far, polls in all four states show that voters believe a wage increase is “long overdue and desperately needed,” added Schleifer, whose organization helped launch and finance the ballot measures. 
Advertisement Square, Site wide 
“We are confident that when working Americans see raises in their paychecks even before the next President is inaugurated,” he said, “the success of these measures will inspire even more ballot initiatives in the coming years.” 
Arizona Proposition 206 
A “yes” vote on Proposition 206 , known as the Fair Wages and Healthy Families Initiative, would raise the state’s minimum wage from $8.05 to $10 in 2017, and then incrementally to $12 by 2020. It also establishes the right to paid sick time off from employment. 
Recent polling by Arizona Republic/Morrison/Cronkite News found that roughly 58 percent of voters support the measure, with 31 opposed, and another 10 percent still undecided. 
“Enthusiasm for Proposition 206 has only gotten stronger over the course of this election season,” Bill Scheel, campaign manager of Arizona Healthy Families , the organization behind Proposition 206, said in a Wednesday press call. “Over the past three months, we have registered 150,000 new voters. Already, early vote numbers are showing that these Arizonans are crucial to raising wages for nearly a million workers in our state.” 
The initiative has the support of a number of labor unions, family support groups, as well as the state Democratic party. 
“No one who works 40 hours a week should have to live in poverty and decide between buying groceries, medicine, or paying the bills. Raising the minimum wage offers hardworking families the opportunity to put food on the table, care for their children, and creates a better future for our state,” said U.S. Rep. Ann Kirkpatrick (D-1), who is running against incumbent Sen. John McCain (R) for his seat in the U.S. Senate. 
McCain opposes the measure, as do corporate lobby groups and the Chamber of Commerce. 
Colorado Amendment 70 
Colorado’s Amendment 70 , an initiated constitutional amendment, would raise the minimum wage from $8.31 to $9.30 per hour in 2017 and then increase it 90 cents each year until it reaches $12.00 in 2020. 
September polling found that roughly 58 percent of voters are in support of the measure, while 36 percent are opposed. “We’ve known all along that Colorado voters support raising the wage to $12 by 2020 and that for many of them, especially lower income voters and women, they are more enthusiastic voters in this election because of our measure,” said Patty Kupfer, campaign manager for Colorado Families for a Fair Wage , the organization supporting Amendment 70. 
As Kupfer notes, the initiative’s primary opponents are industry groups and “large restaurant chains who have an interest in keeping wages low.” 
Amendment 70 is one of many Colorado ballot measures this year that progressives nationwide are watching, in addition to a measure calling for a single payer healthcare system as well as one that would stiffen requirements for amending the state’s constitution, which, as Common Dreams previously reported , “would transfer power away from voters, making the state more vulnerable to powerful interests.” 
Maine Question 4 
Question 4 on the Maine ballot asks voters if they “want to raise the minimum hourly wage of $7.50 to $9 in 2017, with annual $1 increases up to $12 in 2020, and annual cost-of-living increases thereafter?” 
The citizen-initiated effort also seeks to raise the wages for tipped workers “from half the minimum wage to $5 in 2017, with annual $1 increases until it reaches the adjusted minimum wage.” 
A poll conducted between Oct. 20 and Oct. 25 found that 57 percent of Mainers support the wage increase, while just 35 percent oppose it, and eight percent remain undecided. Proponents attribute its wide support to two years of organizing to build grassroots support and “establish a narrative of an economy that can work for everyone, as Mike Tipping, communications director with Mainers for Fair Wages , the organization supporting Question 4, put it in a recent press call. 
Noting that the measure has strong support “across every demographic,” including among small businesses and restaurants, Tipping said he’s “proud to see this enthusiasm translate into more young people voting and more Mainers voting early to raise the minimum wage.” 
Washington Initiative 1433 
The most ambitious of the 2016 ballot efforts, Washington State’s Initiative 1433 supports incrementally raising the state’s minimum wage from $9.47 to $13.50 by 2020 and mandates that employers offer paid sick leave. 
“Paid sick leave and minimum wage are issues that have had a deep effect on working families and drive support for our initiative at the polls,” said Carlo Caldirola-Davis, campaign manager for Raise Up Washington , the organization supporting Initiative 1433. “Voters understand that hard working Washingtonians should be able to care for their families and make ends meet.” 
The most recent survey from pollster Stuart Elway found that I-1433 is leading 58 to 31 percent, with 11 percent undecided. The initiative has wide support, and has been endorsed by numerous publications, advocacy organizations, labor groups, and public officials, including Democratic presidential nominee Hillary Clinton, who last spring tweeted: We have to do more to raise wages & support paid leave for hardworking families. I stand with @Raise_Up_WA in their work to do just that. -H — Hillary Clinton (@HillaryClinton) March 4, 2016 
In 2014, Seattle became the first major city to approve a $15 minimum wage. 
Lauren McCauley is a staff writer at Common Dreams. TAGS:",0
15181,BuzzFeed Scoop: Sebastian Gorka Not a Nazi or Anti-Semite - Breitbart,"BuzzFeed’s Mitch Prothero traveled all the way to Hungary to dig up dirt on White House foreign policy advisor Dr. Sebastian Gorka  —   and discovered that he is neither a Nazi or an antisemite, but merely a   conservative. [Prothero did his best to smear Gorka. He describes the former Breitbart News editor (inaccurately) as having “failed his way upwards” (a description that could apply equally to the career paths of many of BuzzFeed’s own crack reporters).  But in the search for evidence of Gorka’s ties to the   Prothero came up short, despite contacting Gorka’s former employers in Hungary and members of the Hungarian counterintelligence service. Gorka’s Hungarian critics are not shy to attack him, either: some describe him rather viciously. Even so, they say that Gorka is not a Nazi or an antisemite. “Sebastian Gorka is not a Nazi or a security threat because he is some sort of secret British agent,” said a member of the Hungarian counter intelligence service, who has reviewed the files a security background check on Gorka from 2002. “Gorka is, how do you say in English  —   a peddler of snake oil. ”   …     Gorka’s rejection for a [Hungarian] security clearance to serve on the committee was a devastating blow to his reputation in Hungary. He had come to be seen as a   the intelligence official said, while the minor ties to the British government that had been established were enough to alienate him from much of the Hungarian nationalist right.   …     This chimes with the views of some of those who knew him in Hungary, who remember Gorka as   and keenly   but whose views set him outside the  .   …     “Within the context of historical Hungarian fascism, Gorka never appeared to be particularly interested in these [extreme,  ] movements, having always been a supporter of the   Atlantic alliances and an advocate for Hungarian integration into the West,” he said. “So I don’t think it’s fair to characterize him as a Nazi, when he’s more of a  . ”   …     “The charges that Gorka supports   movements”  —   such as Jobbik, which has been roundly criticized by human rights groups across Europe  —   “doesn’t seem consistent with his attitude or background when he was here in Hungary,” said Horvath, citing Gorka’s loud   stance. “While all   seem to be Nazis, not everyone in the Hungarian right is a racist because there’s a lot of diversity in thought. ” When asked about the controversy over Gorka’s use of his father’s Order of Vitéz medals and title, Molnar first dismissed the complaint, arguing that the Order was fairly common in Hungarian political circles, and is associated with nationalism rather than ideology. Porter also confirms what was first reported here at Breitbart News  —   that the medal Gorka wore at the inauguration, which was awarded to his father for his anticommunist activism by an organization called the Vitezi Rend, had nothing to do with the historical Vitezi Rend that had ties to the   Hungarian regime in the Second World War. Joel B. Pollak is Senior    at Breitbart News. He was named one of the “most influential” people in news media in 2016. He is the   of How Trump Won: The Inside Story of a Revolution, is available from Regnery. Follow him on Twitter at @joelpollak ",0
15182,BREAKING: Trump Takes Lead In Battleground State Of Florida,"Twitter Freaks Out When White People Spotted Holding “Blacks for Trump” Signs 
The Bloomberg Politics Florida Poll surveyed nearly a thousand Florida residents who had either already voted or were committed to vote. The poll’s margin of error was 3 percentage points, according to the New York Post . 
Clinton may like to boast of her lead here and in other key states, but the Florida results made it clear that Americans were still in control of choosing the candidate who becomes our next commander in chief. 
In fact, 64 percent of Florida voters were quoted as saying that America was “on the wrong track”— and those voters seemed less likely to vote for Clinton, who represents the status quo of establishment politics. Advertisement - story continues below 
American voting priorities are clear: 21 percent of Floridians said the biggest crisis facing the U.S. was the terrorist threat from the Islamic State group, while 17 percent believed it was unemployment and jobs, 15 percent health care and 13 percent a decline in real income for American workers. 
Clearly, Americans are waking up. They trust Donald Trump to lead us, to keep us safe, to protect the middle class, and to restore an economy that protects the American worker and provides a decent way of life for us all, and for generations to come. 
H/T WZ 
Please share this article on Facebook and Twitter to help spread the word that Donald Trump is doing better in some swing states than the mainstream media would like you to believe. Advertisement - story continues below",0
15183,US abstains from UN vote calling for end to Cuban embargo,"US abstains from UN vote calling for end to Cuban embargo Published time: 26 Oct, 2016 21:10 Get short URL U.S. President Barack Obama and Cuban President Raul Castro gesture after a news conference as part of President Obama's three-day visit to Cuba, in Havana March 21, 2016. © Carlos Barria / Reuters The US government abstained from the UN vote on a resolution calling for an end to the US economic embargo against Cuba, for the first time in 24 years. 
The 193-member General Assembly adopted the resolution with 191 votes in favor on Wednesday. The only other abstention, besides the US, was Israel. The vote is non-binding but it can have political weight. U.S. decision to abstain in UN vote condemning Cuba embargo is small but meaningful. The cold war is over, Congress must lift embargo pic.twitter.com/lvjq8JlvNE — Charles Rangel (@cbrangel) October 26, 2016 
Cuba's Foreign Minister Bruno Rodriguez described the abstention as a ""positive step for the future of improving relations between the United States and Cuba,"" according to Reuters. In case you missed it: Full speech delivered by #Cuba FM at today's vote against #US blockade #YoVotoVsBloqueo https://t.co/EJnmmyvS8J — José Ramón Cabañas (@JoseRCabanas) October 26, 2016 
Rodriguez said in September that the embargo cost Cuba $4.6 billion last year, and the full damage over the length of the 50-year embargo was estimated at $125.9 billion. 
When it was first announced that the US government would abstain from the vote, the entire General Assembly applauded. 
""Abstaining on this resolution does not mean that the United States agrees with all of the policies and practices of the Cuban government. We do not,"" Samantha Power the US Ambassador to the United Nations told the General Assembly on Tuesday. 
""We are profoundly concerned by the serious human rights violations that the Cuban government continues to commit with impunity against its own people,"" she said, according to AP. US abstains from UN vote to condemn Cuba embargo for the first time https://t.co/BMLy4VPAYm — The Guardian (@guardian) October 26, 2016 
The Obama administration began normalizing relations with the Communist-run country in at the end of 2014, easing trade and travel restrictions. On July 20, 2015, diplomatic relations were restored, and embassies in the two countries were reopened. US approves airlines to fly to Cuba https://t.co/46qAzoxt6u pic.twitter.com/GN9lelYGcE — RT America (@RT_America) June 10, 2016 
Lifting the full embargo will take the support of the Republican-run Congress, which remains critical of the administration’s efforts, arguing it offered too many concessions to Cuba and accepted little in return, especially on human rights and the restoration of expropriated property. ‘Making history’: First US cruise ship in nearly 40 years reaches Cuba (PHOTOS) https://t.co/xqu6jbAgBq pic.twitter.com/K9OE5OMaz4 — RT America (@RT_America) May 2, 2016 
Obama made the first visit to Havana by a US president in 88 years in March.",0
15184,"On Twitter, Hate Speech Bounded Only by a Character Limit - The New York Times","If you go by what some Twitter users have to say, it’s a wonder I can string together a sentence. I don’t know how I ever manage to get myself to the office given what a “dumb ass” I am  —   a Jew, no less, and someone who soils his pants out of fear of a Trump presidency. And if you don’t believe that last bit, someone using a pseudonymous Twitter account was kind enough to provide a graphic photograph of the supposed soiling, but not his or her actual name, because it’s just so much easier to hurl bile while cowering behind anonymity. Then again, I don’t know what it’s like to be really savaged by Twitter. No one has threatened to rape me or kill me (unless being advised to kill myself counts). No one has relegated me to a gas chamber. And no one has hit me with anything like the sustained racist and sexist barrage that forced the “Saturday Night Live” and “Ghostbusters” star Leslie Jones to temporarily leave Twitter in disgust. Now that Twitter is contemplating putting itself up for sale, we can only wonder what lucky suitor is going to walk away with such a charming catch. Twitter is seeking a buyer at a time of slowing subscriber growth (it hovers above the 300 million mark) and “decreasing user engagement,” as Jason Helfstein, the head of internet research at Oppenheimer  Company, put it when he downgraded the stock in a report last week. There’s a host of possible reasons for this, including new competition, failure to adapt to   media habits and an “open mike” quality that some potential users may find intimidating. But you have to wonder whether the cap on Twitter’s growth is tied more to that most basic  —   and base  —   of human emotions: hatred. It courses through Twitter at an alarming rate, turbocharged by this year’s political campaigns and the rise of   movements that dabble in racist, sexist and   tropes across the globe. And this is to say nothing of its use by terrorist recruiters. It’s a lamentable turn that Twitter says it is urgently working to address. Soon after Twitter took its place in the   media revolution a decade ago, it proved to be a forceful amplifier of ideas and personalities, one that could be a political game changer. Its role in enabling the Arab Spring movements remains inspirational. It helped foster   movements like the Tea Party and Black Lives Matter here in the United States. And, of course, it helped make possible the outsider candidacy of Donald J. Trump, who continues to use it, er, aggressively. The    over his candidacy, and the news media’s coverage of it, have added a new cache of material to the uglier side of Twitter’s oeuvre. More often than not, the venom comes from pseudonymous accounts  —   the white hoods of our time. Just take a gander at @Bridget62945958, who published a series of   posts against my colleague Binyamin Appelbaum. One message showed a series of lampshades. Its caption read: “This is your family when Trump wins. Get your Israeli passport ready. ” Twitter suspended the account after Mr. Appelbaum brought it to the attention of Twitter’s   and chief executive, Jack Dorsey, by way of his own Twitter feed. A new account sprang right up to continue the vitriol, prompting Jeffrey Goldberg, a national correspondent for The Atlantic, to write a post asking Mr. Dorsey, “How does it feel to watch Twitter turning into an   cesspool?” Mr. Goldberg says he is torn about what Twitter should do, given that its cause  —   openness and free speech  —   is a reason he and so many other journalists are drawn to the service. “That’s the fundamental problem,” he told me. “At a certain point I’d rather take myself off the platform where the speech has become so offensive than advocate for the suppression of that speech. ” Twitter clearly wrestles with the same fundamental problem. It warns users they may not “threaten other people on the basis of race, ethnicity, national origin, sexual orientation, gender” and various other traits. Yet it often fumbles the enforcement. Charlie Warzel of BuzzFeed News unearthed a doozy last week. After a user who identified herself as Kathleen posted a tweet criticizing the Trump campaign, a Twitter member going by Adorable Deplorable directed a message back at her featuring a photograph of a beheaded man  —   apparently an ISIS victim  —   and the words, “Your [sic] heading for a deep hole. ” Twitter forced the photo’s removal after BuzzFeed’s inquiries, but it initially told Kathleen that the post did not violate its policies. This is apparently common. In a BuzzFeed survey of Twitter users, about 90 percent of those who said they had reported abuse said their complaints went unheeded.   trolls are a problem for all social media  —   even Facebook, which keeps a tidier, more contained system. (To wit, the Facebook message a local New Jersey politician wrote to the Daily Beast writer Olivia Nuzzi after she posted something about Mr. Trump that he did not like: “Hope. You. Get. Raped. By. A. Syrian. Refugee. ”) But the openness of Twitter, and the sheer speed and volume of information that moves through it, present a particularly hard challenge that executives there say they are rushing to meet. “Everyone on Twitter should feel safe expressing diverse opinions and beliefs,” the company said in a statement it sent me on Saturday. “But behavior that harasses, intimidates or uses fear to silence another person’s voice should have no place on our platform. ” In a letter to shareholders, Mr. Dorsey said the company was putting in place technology enabling it to more readily detect abusive accounts, make it easier for users to report them and even prevent them in the first place. It’s all a bit tricky for a company founded with an absolutist ethos, once calling itself “the free speech wing of the free speech party. ” Some of its moves to curtail abuse have drawn accusations that it is applying a double standard aimed at conservatives. After Twitter placed the Breitbart News editor Milo Yiannopoulos on permanent suspension for his role in the Twitter campaign against Ms. Jones, he accused it of declaring “war on free speech,” specifically against “libertarians, conservatives and anyone who loves mischief. ” Another banned Twitter provocateur, Charles C. Johnson  —   whom my predecessor David Carr once called a “troll on steroids”  —   says he is planning a lawsuit to fight his suspension. In an interview, Mr. Johnson said he respected Twitter’s right to ban patently offensive speech but argued that it needed to set a consistent, uniformly applied standard. Still, he said, “the problem of trolls” might be unsolvable. “It might just be a human nature problem,” he said. “Maybe we don’t like each other that much  —   and that’s what Twitter has revealed. ” We didn’t need Twitter to reveal that. And in the previous two media revolutions  —   radio and television  —   the country managed to strike some sort of accommodation between the right to free speech and the greater civic good. That happened because there was an immediate national recognition that these media could have tremendous power to shape culture, politics and government for good and for ill. As Herbert Hoover moved to establish basic standards for radio, he acknowledged that it had “great possibilities of future influence” but was also of “potential public concern. ” He declared radio should be developed with public interest in mind, an idea that carried over to television. What followed were standards that forced broadcasters to devote at least some of their hours to civic affairs while avoiding obscene and “grossly offensive” content. At times, the efforts have wandered dangerously into censorship. But at least there was a big national discussion about what should beam into American living rooms. There was no similarly robust discussion at the start of this, the latest media revolution, and we can only hope that the political mistrust isn’t so great that we can’t have a constructive one now. Each new media development has served as a mirror for the society that spawned it. It sure seems time for a good, hard look. But what does this dumb,   Jew know?",0
15185,Report: ISIS Developing Undetectable Laptop Bombs to Smuggle Aboard Planes - Breitbart,"ISIS has reportedly developed high powered explosives that can be hidden inside laptops and are entirely undetectable by regular airport scanners. [CBS News reports that following the discovery of equipment left behind by ISIS fighters at the University of Mosul in Northern Iraq, the US government believes that sophisticated new bombs could be concealed within laptop computers and may be much harder to detect by traditional airport security scanners. After Iraqi special forces recaptured the University of Mosul in January, it was discovered that ISIS had used the university’s equipment and laboratories to develop these new explosives.  Lucas Nolan is a reporter for Breitbart News covering issues of free speech and online censorship. Follow him on Twitter @LucasNolan_ or email him at lnolan@breitbart. com",0
15186,MSNBC screws up Interviews TWO African-American Donald Trump Supporters that Destroy MSNBC’s Negative Stereotyped Narrative!,MSNBC screws up Interviews TWO African-American Donald Trump Supporters that Destroy MSNBC’s Negative Stereotyped Narrative!  ,0
15187,MILO Finally Stumped By Hateful Left-Wing Protest Sign - Breitbart,"“I thought I was impervious to hateful leftist rhetoric,” MILO told Breitbart News. “But this makes me rethink everything. Maybe I should just cancel the tour. There’s no coming back from this. ”[ ",0
15188,DELINGPOLE: Michael Mann Vs the Truth at Congressional Climate Hearing,"Apart from being a tetchy, hotheaded, rude, bullying, cackhanded, ignorant, malevolent and embarrassingly useless excuse for a scientist, Professor Michael Mann  —   the guy behind the   Hockey Stick  —   is also the most outrageous liar. [Mann used often to claim that he was a Nobel Prizewinner  —   till someone unhelpfully pointed out that he was but one of hundreds of scientists who contributed to Assessment Reports by the IPCC (which did win the Nobel Prize in 2007)  This week the   shyster was up to his old tricks again, telling a string of porkie pies at a climate science hearing of the House Committee on Science, Space and Technology. Given how litigious the mendacious, bloviating poltroon can be  —   he’s currently engaged in at least two defamation suits: one against Tim Ball, the other against Mark Steyn  —   I obviously have to tread very carefully here. So I’d just like to say, as delicately and politely as I can to the Distinguished Professor of Atmospheric Science at Penn State University: “Liar, liar. Your pants on fire. ” Here’s the evidence: Porkie Number One, Mann told the Congressional hearing he had no association or affiliation with the Climate Accountability Institute (one of the numerous ad hoc organisations formed in order to give the harassment of climate sceptics an air of scientific credibility). Yet according to his CV he sits on the Climate Accountability Institute’s advisory board and has done since 2014. Porkie Number Two, Mann denied having called his fellow climate scientist and special witness, former Georgia Tech Judith Curry, a “denier”. “A number of statements have been attributed to me. I don’t believe I’ve called anybody a denier,” he solemnly told the hearing. To which Judith Curry, sitting next to him, replied: “It’s in your written testimony. Go read it again. ” You can watch the moment where Curry smacks him down below: Mann then proceeded indignantly to quibble that though he might have called Curry a “climate science denier” he hadn’t called her a “climate change denier”. [As if there’s any meaningful distinction between the two slurs]. But this claim  —   as Stephen McIntyre notes  —   was also a lie. confronted with written evidence that he called Curry “climate science denier” Mann said he hadnt called her “climate CHANGE denier”. #FAKE pic. twitter.   —   Stephen McIntyre (@ClimateAudit) March 29, 2017,  Porkie Number Three, Mann  —   busily trying to develop the case that climate scientists like himself are the innocent victims of vicious slurs  —   was asked whether he’d ever dismissed another of the expert witnesses on the panel, Roger Pielke Jr with the phrase “carnival barker” “You’d have to provide me with the context. I don’t remember everything I have said or done,” said Mann. Here’s one example: Mann said that he didn’t remember calling @RogerPielkeJr a “carnival barker”. But https:  .  pic. twitter.   —   Stephen McIntyre (@ClimateAudit) March 29, 2017,  And here’s Mann again using the insult  —   clearly a personal favourite  —   on Judith Curry: Mann also called @curryja a “carnival barker” pic. twitter.   —   Stephen McIntyre (@ClimateAudit) March 29, 2017,  Porkie Number Four, Mann, in yet another bid to present himself as a persecuted martyr of   Republicans, claimed that Joe Barton  —   the Chair of the House Energy and Commerce Committee  —   had demanded all his “personal emails and correspondence with other scientists. ” This, again, was a lie. Barton had asked for Mann’s funding sources  —   which Mann, in his congressional testimony, said was fair game  —   but not for his personal emails. Here, once again, Steve McIntyre has the evidence. Mann: #fake claim tht Barton demanded “all of my personal emails and correspondence”. Barton: funding info, which Mann said “fair game” pic. twitter.   —   Stephen McIntyre (@ClimateAudit) March 29, 2017,  Michael Mann claims to be an expert on climate change and is frequently called on by official panels like this Congressional committee to speak on behalf of the scientific establishment. Is there anyone who still takes this guy seriously?",0
15189,President Trump Kills TPP Once and for All with Executive Order Officially Withdrawing,"President Donald J. Trump killed the Trans Pacific Partnership (TPP) once and for all on Monday, signing an executive order officially withdrawing from the trade deal negotiations. [It came as a part of series of three separate executive actions that President Trump took on Monday.  “The first is a withdrawal of the United States from the Trans Pacific Partnership,” White House chief of staff Reince Priebus said, explaining the first executive action President Trump was taking in the list of three. The other two were one freezing hiring of all federal employees except in the military, and one that restores the Mexico City policy. As President Trump signed the executive action killing the TPP, he announced for the cameras in the oval office that it was a “great thing for the American worker, what we just did. ” Trump campaigned heavily against TPP, so it’s only fitting he’d crush it once and for all on his first business day as President of the United States. It’s his efforts campaigning against it —  and the efforts of failed presidential candidate Sen. Bernie Sanders ( ) —  that shook Washington’s political establishment, and eventually forced failed Democratic presidential nominee Hillary Rodham Clinton to come out against the deal that was supposed to be a legacy achievement of now former President Barack Obama. Trump hammered TPP repeatedly throughout his campaign and even leading up to it in speeches and interviews, including many exclusive interviews with Breitbart News. For instance, back in May 2015 —  when many Republicans were in favor of TPP and before he announced his campaign —  Trump told Breitbart News exclusively in an interview that the TPP was a “disaster” of a deal. “I deal with foreign companies all the time. I do a lot of business with foreign companies and do well with foreign companies,” Trump said in that May 2015 interview. “The trade deal is a disaster for many reasons. Number one, we don’t have any good negotiators in our government. That’s possibly the single greatest reason —  we don’t have our best and our brightest negotiating for us. That’s a real problem. Number two, and very, very importantly, it doesn’t take into consideration the currency manipulation because we get beaten in trade more by currency manipulation than any single other factor. So it’s not even discussed in the trade deal. They’re not addressing the number one cause of the unfairness which is the currency manipulation. China manipulates their currency so brilliantly and it’s very, very hard to compete. The other thing they do and they do it despite agreements is they make it impossible to sell product in their countries even after they sign an agreement so we need much stronger penalties if they continue to do that. ” Later, as a candidate in November 2015, now President Trump then candidate Trump called the deal “insanity” in another exclusive Breitbart News interview. “The deal is insanity,” he said in November 2015. “That deal should not be supported and it should not be allowed to happen. ” “The deal is so bad because of the fact they don’t cover currency manipulation,” Trump added in that interview. “It’s the   weapon used by foreign countries to hurt the United States and take away jobs. ” He repeatedly hammered it over and over again, and continued throughout the entire campaign. Just a couple weeks before the general election, Trump appeared on Breitbart News Daily and hammered TPP and the North American Free Trade Agreement (NAFTA) —  which he plans to renegotiate now with planned meetings with Canada and Mexico. “I have traveled around this country, and I have seen places that were vibrant 25 years ago,” Trump said in that October 2016 interview. “I’ve seen NAFTA. What NAFTA has done to our country is incredible. Probably 40 percent of our manufacturing jobs have been shipped to other places, and it’s only getting worse. And now they want to do TPP, which will be not as bad as NAFTA, but it’ll be very bad. It’ll be a continuation of the same. ” The move to nuke TPP once and for all, ripping it up, begins to fulfill one of Trump’s biggest promises. Now that he’s crushed the bad deal, it remains to be seen how he will negotiate positive deals for America. Back when Trump became presumptive GOP presidential nominee, he told Breitbart News in his 26th floor Trump Tower office in New York City he wants to negotiate good deals for American workers. “One of the big drastic policies is on trade,” Trump said in the May 2016 interview. “And what I want in trade is great deals. I’m fine with free trade, but all of our trade deals are doing horribly. It’s free trade for the other side, not for us. So I like free trade but all of our trade deals are doing terribly. What I want is great deals. You know what my trade policy is? I want to make great deals for the American people. It’s a very simple policy. You can call it anything you want —  you can call it free trade, you can come up with three different names —  but it’s a very simple policy: Make great deals for the American people.",0
15190,Bernie supporters on Twitter erupt in anger against the DNC: 'We tried to warn you!',"— Kaydee King (@KaydeeKing) November 9, 2016 The lesson from tonight's Dem losses: Time for Democrats to start listening to the voters. Stop running the same establishment candidates. 
— People For Bernie (@People4Bernie) November 9, 2016 If Dems didn't want a tight race they shouldn't have worked against Bernie. 
— Walker Bragman (@WalkerBragman) November 9, 2016 
New York Times columnist Paul Krugman, who was one of Hillary Clinton’s most outspoken surrogates during the contentious Democratic primary, blamed Clinton’s poor performance on Green Party candidate Jill Stein, who has so far received a negligible number of votes nationally, saying Stein was the Ralph Nader of 2016 in preventing a Clinton victory. The account @BerniesTeachers threw Krugman’s analysis back in his face. Your candidate was the issue. Take responsibility. https://t.co/KHyOuUSrFS 
— Teachers for Bernie (@BerniesTeachers) November 9, 2016 
Ana Navarro, a Republican who recently endorsed Hillary Clinton, summed up the preposterous nature of the 2016 presidential election in this tweet: GOP nominated the only damn candidate who could lose to Hillary Clinton. Democrats nominated the only damn candidate who could lose to Trump 
— Ana Navarro (@ananavarro) November 9, 2016 
Popular left-wing Facebook page The Other 98%, which was pro-Sanders during the primary, responded to Trump’s surge by simply posting a meme of Sanders’ face with the text “All this could’ve been avoided. Thanks for nothing, DNC!” The meme has been shared almost 15,000 times in less than an hour: 
Posted by The Other 98% on Tuesday, November 8, 2016 
While Bernie Sanders endorsed Hillary Clinton just before the Democratic National Convention in July, many of his supporters remained adamant in their refusal to support the DNC-anointed candidate, pointing to WikiLeaks’ revelations that top officials at the DNC had been working behind the scenes to tip the scales in Clinton’s favor by coordinating with media figures to circulate anti-Sanders narratives. 
Rather than attribute a potential Trump presidency to the GOP nominee’s perceived popularity among voters, the closeness of this election could be credited to Hillary Clinton’s unfavorable ratings. According to RealClearPolitics, anywhere between 51 and 57 percent of voters had a negative opinion of the Democratic nominee. 
As of 11 PM Eastern, Florida, Michigan, Pennsylvania, and Wisconsin remain too close to call. Clinton has 197 electoral votes to Trump’s 187. 

Zach Cartwright is an activist and author from Richmond, Virginia. He enjoys writing about politics, government, and the media. Send him an email at [email protected]",0
15191,New York Times warns that Donald Trump is stalking Muslim kids in their dreams,"Print 
Who knew The Donald had those kinds of magical powers? 
Mainstream media bias took a bizarre turn Tuesday when the pro-Hillary New York Times published a report that Donald Trump is now invading the dreams of Muslim children. To illustrate that point, author Samantha Schmidt used anecdotal evidence of a child who said she had a scary dream involving the GOP nominee. 
Schmidt wrote: 
Bilal Elcharfa was pouring cereal for his children before school this month when his 7-year-old daughter, Maaria, walked into the kitchen, calling for him. 
“Baba, I had a scary dream,” she said, hugging him tight. “About Donald Trump .” 
It was the morning after the second presidential debate, which the Elcharfa family’s two youngest daughters watched in the basement of their Staten Island home with their parents. In the middle of the night, Maaria went to her parents’ room twice, unable to sleep, and walked to the living room and checked her family’s security camera. 
That morning, Mr. Elcharfa, 52, asked his daughter what she saw in the nightmare. 
“He was so mean to us,” she said. “He had a scary face, like a zombie or something.” In the dream, Maaria later said, Mr. Trump came to the home of every Muslim family in the country and put each one in jail. 
“Many Muslim parents fear that the tensions could push their children away from the faith entirely. “We don’t know how to handle it sometimes,” Elcharfa is further quoted. “Maybe someday they won’t believe in anything,” Schmidt added. 
But how is this Trump’s fault? Isn’t it the parents’ job to raise their children? 
A post at the American Thinker observed: 
Here we have an article blaming Donald Trump for terrorizing children for something he has never said or even intimated. He doesn’t want to put all Muslims in jail; he just wants to reduce immigration from countries that are un-vettable in the Middle East. One does not translate into the other. 
But that assumes one deals in facts, logic, and reason. As we’ve seen this election season, the so-called “mainstream media,” known here as the Democrat-media complex, have decided to toss facts, logic and reason out the window in a concerted effort to elect Democrat Hillary Clinton, perhaps the most evil person ever nominated to the White House by a major party, by any means necessary — even using propaganda the likes of which would make Josef Goebbels smile. 
There’s no question — if Democrats nominated Satan, the media would worship him and call you a bigot for opposing him. 
Related Articles",0
15192,Obama Tax Return Hints at His Post-Presidency Plans - The New York Times,"WASHINGTON  —   Even presidents dip into their savings when they are getting ready to switch jobs. Mr. Obama and his wife, Michelle, cashed out nearly $1 million in investments last year, according to their 2015 tax return, which the White House released on Friday. The figure suggests that they were preparing to finance large expenses like a home purchase. Mr. Obama said last month that the family would remain in the Washington area after he left the White House in January 2017, while his younger daughter, Sasha, finishes high school. The tax return, released before the filing deadline on Monday, shows that the Obamas earned $436, 065 last year and paid $81, 472 in total tax  —   an effective rate of about 18. 7 percent. They are getting a refund of $22, 859. The Obamas sold Treasury notes amounting to $994, 941, according to the return. The White House declined to give an explanation for the sales. But it is clear that the Obamas will face an array of new costs over the next year, including a likely home purchase and the first year of college for Malia, their older daughter. She is said to be considering Stanford and Harvard, where tuition and other costs exceed $66, 000 for the coming academic year. Unlike in previous years, the Obamas opted to take their refund instead of applying it to the next year’s tax payment. The return also showed: • Falling income. The Obamas earned about $40, 000 less than in the previous year, largely the result of a steep decline in royalties from the president’s two autobiographies, “Dreams From My Father” and “The Audacity of Hope. ” Their primary source of income was Mr. Obama’s $400, 000 salary, which was unchanged from 2014. But the roughly $60, 000 he earned from sales of the books in 2015 amounts to nearly $35, 000 less than the year before  —   and a far cry from the $8. 1 million they brought in 2008 and 2009. The family’s charitable contributions totaled more than what the books generated last year. • Giving back. The Obamas donated about 15 percent of their income  —   $64, 066  —   to charity. The largest single contribution, about $9, 000, was to Fisher House, a   favorite of the Obamas that provides accommodations to the families of service members who are receiving treatment at military and veterans’ hospitals.",0
15193,"Safety Of Students, Speaker, Officers ’Could Not Be Guaranteed’ Say UC Davis Police - Breitbart","The UC Davis police team told the College Republican group who organised the event with MILO and Martin Shkreli that they “could not guarantee the safety of students, the speaker, or their officers. ”[“We were told by the chief of Davis police that they could not guarantee the safety of the students, the speaker, or the police officers if the event should go ahead,” said Gabrielle McDowell, vice chair of the UC Davis College Republicans.  “As the organisation hosting the event, we would have been held personally responsible for any harm caused as a result of its taking place. We were therefore forced to cancel the event” she continued. Dozens of police were deployed by the university in an attempt to control the protests, as protestors holding ‘ ’ banners tore down barricades and broke into scuffles in an attempt to stop the event from taking place. University of California, Davis cancels event featuring Milo Yiannopoulos and Martin Shkreli after protests, fights pic. twitter.   —   BNO News (@BNONews) January 14, 2017,  There are also photos of an arrest being made as a protestor attempted to break into the venue. Organizers, UC officials,  police discussing safety of holding #SHKRELOPOULOS event @ucdavis #abc7now pic. twitter.   —   Katie Utehs (@KatieUtehs) January 14, 2017,  The event was set to be the first event on the third and final leg of the MILO’s “Dangerous Faggot Tour. ” A day before the cancellation, the university’s interim chancellor released a statement condemning MILO’s allegedly “racist and sexist” beliefs but stating that “as a public university, we remain true to our obligation to uphold everyone’s First Amendment freedoms. “Therefore, we will not ask the Davis College Republicans, a   organization, to cancel their event,” he continued. The statement also condemned “messages that promote hate. ” He was probably talking about MILO rather than the protesters, but perhaps now he will reconsider? You can follow Ben Kew on Facebook, on Twitter at @ben_kew, or email him at bkew@breitbart. com",0
15194,Donald Trump Is Winning – Bill Mitchell and Stefan Molyneux,"Only Demented Imbeciles want a Killary Reign of Terror ‹ › Since 2011, VNN has operated as part of the Veterans Today Network ; a group that operates over 50 plus media, information and service online sites for U.S. Military Veterans. Donald Trump Is Winning – Bill Mitchell and Stefan Molyneux By VNN on November 2, 2016 The greater the battle the greater the victory - Bill Mitchell 
Stefan Molyneux : Looking at the FACTS 
The silent majority for Trump vs The propagandists for Hillary 
“The silent majority” vs “the Propagandists” 
“The Facts” vs “the Reality” 

Take a look at the enthusiastic crowds at the Trump Rallies: Right Side Broadcasting Related Posts:",0
15195,‘We Are Losing Control of the Streets’ Merkel’s Germany Descends into Lawlessness,"Siobhan McFadyen, Express, October 31, 2016 
German Chancellor Angela Merkel is facing catastrophe over her failed migrant policy, according to a new report. 
During the first six months of 2016, migrants committed 142,500 crimes, according to the Federal Criminal Police Office. 
And the country has been hit by a spate of horrendous violent crime including rapes, sexual and physical assaults, stabbings, home invasions, robberies, burglaries and drug trafficking. 
Adding to the country’s woes is the fact that thousands of people have gone missing after travelling to the country on invitation from the country’s leader. 
Germany took in more than 1.1million migrants in the past year and parts of the country are crippled with a lack of infrastructure. 
Now the true reality is hitting home ahead of next year’s elections as the far right surges in the polls threatening to topple the Christian Democratic Union (CDU) leader Mrs Merkel. 
According to a report by the international policy council the Gatestone Institute, local police in many parts of the country admit that they are stretched to the limit. 
The report states: “The rape of a ten-year-old girl in Leipzig, the largest city in Saxony, has drawn renewed attention to the spiralling levels of violent crime perpetrated by migrants in cities and towns across Germany. 
“During the first six months of 2016, migrants committed 142,500 crimes, according to the Federal Criminal Police Office. This is equivalent to 780 crimes committed by migrants every day, an increase of nearly 40 per cent over 2015. The data includes only those crimes in which a suspect has been caught. 
“Thousands of migrants who entered the country as ‘asylum seekers’ or ‘refugees’ have gone missing. They are, presumably, economic migrants who entered Germany on false pretences. 
“Many are thought to be engaging in robbery and criminal violence.” 
According to Freddi Lohse of the German Police Union in Hamburg, many migrant offenders view the leniency of the German justice system as a green light to continue delinquent behaviour, says the report. 
He said: “They are used to tougher consequences in their home countries. 
“They have no respect for us.” 
Meanwhile a female police officer has admitted that officers are under attack and that the courts are a “joke.” 
In a new book, Tania Kambouri, a German police officer, said: “For weeks, months and years I have noticed that Muslims, mostly young men, do not have even a minimum level of respect for the police. 
“When we are out patrolling the streets, we are verbally abused by young Muslims. 
“There is the body language, and insults like ‘s*** cop’ when passing by. 
“If we make a traffic stop, the aggression increases ever further, this is overwhelmingly the case with migrants. 
“It cannot be that offenders continue to fill the police files, hurt us physically, insult us, whatever, and there are no consequences. 
“Many cases are closed or offenders are released on probation or whatever. 
“Yes, what is happening in the courts today is a joke.” 
Migrants committed 208,344 crimes in 2015, according to a confidential police report leaked to Bild. 
This figure represents an 80 per cent increase since 2014 and is equivalent to 570 crimes committed by migrants every day, or 23 crimes each hour, in 2015 alone. 
The report added: “The growing sense of lawlessness is substantiated by an October 24 YouGov poll which found that 68 per cent of Germans believe that security in the country has deteriorated during the past several years. 
“Nearly 70 per cent of respondents said they fear for their lives and property in German train stations and subways, while 63 per cent feel unsafe at large public events.”",0
15196,Slattery and Dankof: We won! Now what?,"Share: 
National Bugle Radio: Slattery and Dankof: We won! Now what? 
Dr. Patrick Slattery and Pastor Mark Dankof discuss the tremendous victory by Donald Trump and the disgraceful on-going attack on him by the media, the political establishment, and the Jewish cabal represented by the likes of George Soros, who seems to want to spread his “color revolutions” to America.",0
15197,"2016 interview with Socrates: Another day of Life in the Empire! Are we near an endgame, or fools to ever ‘hope for change’? (6 of ?)","Posted on October 27, 2016 by Carl Herman 
“It is no use trying to escape their (Empire’s) arrogance by submission or good behavior. Robbers of the world, having by universal plunder exhausted the land, their drive is greed. If the enemy be rich, they are rapacious; if poor, they lust for domination. Neither rule of the East nor West can satisfy them. Alone among men, they crave with equal eagerness poverty and riches. To plunder, slaughter, seize with false pretenses, they give the lying name ‘empire.’ And where nothing remains but a desert, they call that ‘peace.’ ” – Tacitus, The Agricola and the Germania (analyses here , here ). Tacitus wrote ~ 100 AD, a century into empire. Emperors proclaimed to the public that their government still upheld the highest ideals of their Republic, claiming expanding empire was only and always in “self-defense.” 
“One Love! Let’s get together and feel all right. Hear the children cryin’ Hear the children cryin’ (One Heart! )” ~ Bob Marley, One Love 
language warning: Socrates and I speak in the same direct language that caused his execution for “corrupting the young.” 
Socrates: Carl! 
Carl: Soc! (bro hug) 
S: How may I be of service? (genuine smile) 
C: I just want to talk with an honest person, bro. We last talked 6 months ago . I don’t know if I have anything new to say, but I want to talk with someone who can hear. 
S: I’ll try. What about? 
C: We’re finishing a so-called “election” season that’s “jumped the shark” (and here ) with the Left-wing candidate a proven criminal, and Right-wing candidate a depraved Roman Emperor wanna-be . These are Left and Right arms of one illegal rogue state US empire , of course. 
S: Of course. 
C: So I keep feeling that we have to be near an endgame, Soc. We have to be, given the open floodgates of evidence about s much criminal activity by the .01% centered in war , looting , and lying . 
I mean, really, how much longer can this go on?! 
S: (smiling) Are you asking me, or just pausing for dramatic effect? 
C: I’m asking if you have any answers. 
S: (shrugs) I went through a 27-year civil war after almost 50 years of Athenian “leaders” concentrating an empire under their dominion. As we discussed in some detail , Athen’s “love of freedom” and spin that foreign barbarians “hate us for our freedoms” was total inversion of the facts because “freedom” was only meant for us, and not anyone else. Everyone else had to pay tribute or face military invasion. 
This hypocrisy in my time produced civil war. Those of us voicing the facts were insufficient to prevent it, or stop it once started. (Pauses to look intensely into my eyes) 
So you tell me: how much longer could your struggle go on? 
C: Fuck. 
I really don’t want a civil war. 
S: Fuck, indeed. If it comes, maybe you’ll be lucky. Maybe it won’t last 27 years. 
C: Fuck. 
S: But I do have a brighter perspective. I mean, how many of the non-sheeple would care to talk with me if all I ever did is leave them discouraged? (chuckles) Who would converse with Socrates if those who did were asked, ‘Hey, how did your conversation with Socrates go?’ and the responses were all disheartened, ‘Fuck!’ (laughs) 
C: Alright, go. What’s the higher light? 
S: You already know it. You tell me. 
C: Ok, you’re right. Maybe my being on Earth is all about growth, truth, and service, and I have to exercise real-world Faith to the One Life. It’s my job as a guest on this planet to harmonize in service to the Goddess ’ plan for Earth. Those of us who are relative beacons of light are isolated by design, obviously, by the facts of our relative leadership and lack of response from the public. 
(smile) At least I haven’t been voted by my peers for execution, as you were, Soc, for standing for truth. 
S: Not yet, anyway. If you had taken other pathways, you would have been assassinated by your oligarchs, such as Martin King , President Kennedy , and others . 
C: (sigh) I guess I don’t really have anything new to discuss. I just want to win this game. End the empire. Have truth and love. 
It’s been a long war, bro. 
S: Indeed it has. Longer than you know. 
C: So much bullshit . 
S: Only bullshit. Any truth has been co-opted, controlled, and used to mask the empire. The only reason I’m allowed onto your history pages is pretense that humanity lives on a planet operated from ideals of virtue. 
It’s the same with religious ideals of love. 
C: I’m ready to win. 
S: So was I. 
C: (sigh) Alright. So another day in the empire. Ok. Fine. Real-world exercise of Faith. The Goddess has more evolution to oversee with love and wisdom before we see a breakthrough. I can embrace that. 
It’s really stupid to argue with reality. 
Really stupid. 
S: (smiling) Apparently, yes. 
We have to work with what we have, assuredly. There is no other option. 
C: We discussed in our previous conversations linked for readers below that the US today compares to your empire in Athens, and the case that perhaps, just maybe, the US is on the verge of breakthrough for Truth and Love. 
S: Perhaps my history can allow perspective on your world of the present, and encourage Americans today to best use their voice and virtue for a brighter path than the civil war we endured. 
Certainly for all interested, this consideration is worthy of investing time and attention. History is literally all we know, and what drives our understanding of the present. History is what informs our direction for building the future. 
America’s history is at war between an awakening We the People and a deeply evil .01% committed to undisclosed vicious empire. 
Your history could devolve into civil war. (chuckles) As would-be Emperor Trump might say: “Sad.” 
C: (shaking my head, slight smile). Ok, I gotta’ go to work. Another day in the empire. My vote still stands to planetary management for full fucking truth in a breakthrough. I like a potential trend with revealing e-mails, but want a breakthrough that causes arrests of our .01% leaders in elegant endgame. 
S: Yes, and I’d like to fly, breath underwater swimming like a dolphin, and have daily dinner parties with wine, music and women! 
C: (mock agreement) Me, too! 
Ok, our wants aren’t our best guides, necessarily. 
I do have to go to work. Back to “earning a living.” 
S: Make the most of it. It’s your given area of self-expression. 
C: I promise. I’ll lead by example of my best good-faith expression and experience of virtue. 
Another day. 
S: Perhaps just another day. Perhaps you can’t imagine what’s coming. 
C: Human limitations. I’ll work with what I see. 
S: That’s all I concluded was possible. That’s all I got for wisdom. I didn’t teach anything other than look for yourself what’s right there in front of you to see. Listen to your small voice within for your best call of virtue. 
Step-by-step, my brother. In all empathy, live your Faith that you’re loved and guided more than you’re able to imagine. 
(bro hug) 
We’ll do our best. 
“Interview” series:",0
15198,Donald Trump : le Marais et le Feu (vidéo) | Katehon think tank. Geopolitics & Tradition,"Alexandre Douguine 
« Le Marais » c’est le nouveau nom de la secte globaliste, des adeptes de la société ouverte, des pervers LGBT, de l'armée de Soros, des post-humanistes et ainsi de suite. Il est absolument impératif de dessécher le Marais non seulement pour les États-Unis: c’est un défi global pour nous tous. A nos jours, chaque peuple est prisonnier de son propre Marais. Nous, tous ensemble, devons commencer la lutte contre le Marais russe, le Marais français, le Marais allemand etc. Nous avons besoin de purger nos sociétés de l'influence du Marais. Au lieu de nous battre entre nous, desséchons-le ensemble. Assécheurs de Marais du monde entier, unissez-vous ! 
L'autre point c’est que l'anti-américanisme est fini. Non pas parce que c'était faux, mais exactement le contraire : parce que le peuple américain lui-même a commencé la révolution justement contre ce côté des États-Unis que nous avons tous haï. Maintenant l'élite dirigeante européenne, ainsi qu'une partie de l'élite russe (qui est encore libérale), ne peuvent pas être blâmées comme avant pour être trop pro-américaines. Ils doivent désormais être blâmées pour être ce qu'ils sont : une bande corrompue, pervertie, avare de banksters et destructeurs des cultures, des traditions et des identités. Alors, laissez-nous égoutter le Marais européen. Assez avec Hollande, Merkel et Bruxelles ! L’Europe pour les européens. Soros et sa secte doivent être publiquement condamnés ! 
Dorénavant, le Marais est un phénomène extraterritorial, exactement comme un réseau terroriste international. Le Marais est partout et nulle part. Hier, le centre du Marais, son noyau, était situé aux États-Unis, mais plus maintenant. C'est une chance pour nous tous de commencer à les chasser. Le Marais ne se manifeste plus sous une forme fixée au niveau régional. Néanmoins, il existe et a toujours une puissance extrêmement grande. Mais son caractère antinational est maintenant explicitement évident. Le Marais ne peut plus se cacher derrière l'Amérique. Il est parti en exil. Mais où ? Au Canada ? En Europe ? En Ukraine ? Pour d'autres planètes où divers acteurs et actrices dopés promettaient d'émigrer dans le cas de la victoire de Trump ? Maintenant, il est temps pour eux de tenir leur promesse. Tout cela semble être l'ascension des globalistes. Ils sont maintenant absorbés dans un non-lieu, une utopie, dans la terre de l'utopie libérale - un « no man's land ». Nous sommes maintenant témoins de la déterritorialisation du Marais, de l'élite mondialiste et du gouvernement mondial. 
Quelle est la structure du Marais ? 
Premièrement, le Marais est une idéologie - le libéralisme. Nous avons besoin d'un procès de Nuremberg pour le libéralisme, la dernière idéologie politique totalitaire de la Modernité. Fermons cette page d'histoire. 
Deuxièmement, le Marais est une culture spéciale postmoderniste. Elle est basée sur la décomposition de toute entité par digitalisation, schizomorphisme obligatoire, et ainsi de suite. Le drainer signifie de rétablir l'unité de l'art apollinien. L'art doit revenir au holisme. 
Troisièmement, c’est le capitalisme mondial transnational. Ceci est le moteur matériel du Marais. C’est des emprunts et la Réserve fédérale qui imprime des billets verts virulents. Nous devons mettre fin à tout cela et revenir au secteur productif réel et à l’approche mercantiliste. 
Je propose de redécouvrir les idées de Pitirim Sorokin. Il a noté que la dynamique sociale de l'histoire est une chaîne de paradigmes sociaux qu'il appelait idéationnelle, idéaliste, et sensualiste. L'idéation est la domination absolue de l'esprit sur la matière, l'ascétisme et la soumission vigoureuse du monde matériel à l'aspiration spirituelle et religieuse. Le type idéaliste est équilibré et fondé sur la coexistence harmonieuse de l'esprit et de la matière, où la partie spirituelle est légèrement dominante, mais non exclusive (comme dans le type idéationnel). Le type sensualiste de la société est la domination de la matière sur l'esprit, le corps sur l'âme. Le Marais est le type sensualiste de la société. Jusqu'à récemment, il semblait que « sensualiste » et « américain » étaient synonymes. Mais après le triomphe de Trump, tout est différent. Maintenant sensualiste signifie global et excentrique. Il y a une sorte de ""translatio imperii"" nulle part et partout. 
Sorokin a souligné que la nature cyclique de la société suit l’unique chaîne de succession : de l'idéationnel à l'idéaliste, puis sensualiste. L'idéaliste ne peut pas succéder au sensualiste, comme il est impossible pour le Marais de se retransformer en semi-Marais. Après le Marais vient le Soleil, c'est-à-dire le Feu, l'Esprit - l'Esprit dans sa forme radicale et idéationnelle. Pour dessécher le Marais, nous avons besoin du Feu Solaire, un Grand Feu qui devrait être en abondance. 
Le Marais et le Feu sont deux éléments opposés répartis à travers la terre. La géopolitique devient alors verticale. Les deux peuvent être trouvés à tout endroit. Le sens du lieu maintenant est l'élan du processus de drainage du Marais. Où ? Ici et maintenant. 
Le Marais n'est plus l'hégémonie américaine car le Président de l'Amérique lui-même rejette une telle hégémonie. C'est donc l'hégémonie « tout court », l'hégémonie comme telle avec un vide purement postmoderniste au centre. 
Les Etats-Unis sont l'Extrême Occident du monde. C'est l'espace de Minuit. Et là, le dernier point de la Chute est atteint. Le moment qui se déroule est celui du changement de pôles. L'Occident se transforme en Orient. Poutine et Trump sont dans les deux coins opposés de la planète. Au XXème siècle, ces deux extrêmes étaient incarnés par les formes les plus radicales de la Modernité - le capitalisme et le communisme - deux monstres apocalyptiques - le Léviathan et l’Hippopotame. Maintenant, ils se sont transformés en deux promesses eschatologiques : la Grande Russie de Poutine et l'Amérique qui se libére sous Trump. Le XXIème siècle a enfin commencé. 
Donc tout ce dont nous avons besoin maintenant, c'est le Feu. 
",0
15199,High-fat Ketogenic Diet for Weight Loss,"High-fat Ketogenic Diet for Weight Loss 
by Paul Fassa Health Impact News 
Ever since the inception of the high-carb low-fat diet for heart health promoted in the U.S. since the 1960s, obesity has continued to climb exponentially. For over a half century, health “authorities” have claimed that consuming saturated fats would make you fat. 
It’s not true. 
Despite national compliance to the lipid theory for heart disease dogma from media, medicine, and government, obesity rates among the low and no-fat consumers have climbed exponentially, even among young children, and heart disease has remained the number one cause of death from disease. Fat Dogma Diminishing Slowly as Processed Carbs and Oils Truth is Revealed 
Though still not popularly embraced by the public, mainstream media, and most dieticians, more and more recent evidence points to added sugars in processed low-nutrient high-calorie carbohydrate foods created with toxic phony fats as sources of arterial inflammation. Inflammation is the source of most disease, including cardiovascular and heart disease. 
So, the saturated fat or lipid theory for obesity and heart disease is without scientific merit. And the synthetic fats offered as substitutes for unprocessed whole natural animal and plant fats and used in high-carb processed foods have been the source of every ailment or health disorder saturated fats were blamed for, and more. 
Independent medical researchers and practitioners have recently, over the last decade or so, determined refined or processed carbs, such as table sugar and high fructose corn syrup (HFCS), as major causes of obesity, metabolic disorder syndrome (aka pre-diabetes), and ultimately diabetes 2. Those two items are ubiquitous in beverages and processed foods, even the ones that don’t taste sweet, which are constantly advertised on TV. 
The processed food industry has exploited fat phobia to produce most of the refined carbohydrate foods, usually prepared with partially hydrogenated trans-fatty acid oils, which have become popular among consumers since the low or no-fat dietary dogma was proclaimed. 
Fully hydrogenated oils constitute margarine products. Both types of synthetically derived processed vegetable oils shower your cells with trans-fatty acids. And trans-fatty acids are considered unusual toxins by your body’s cells. Using a Ketogenic Dietary Approach for Reversing Ill Effects of Lipid Theory Misinformation 
The term “ketogenic” is derived from attaching the suffix “-genic” to the word “ketone.” Ketones are produced in the liver from fat. As ketones are produced more, a state of ketosis is created. Ketosis allows fat to be converted into energy instead of storing it as fat. Ketosis even promotes reducing existing excess body fat by converting it into energy. 
A ketogenic diet produces ketones in lieu of glucose for cellular energy, or if insulin is not being utilized, as is the case with insulin resistance or diabetes 2, to provide fuel for cellular energy. It’s a process produced by the liver. It’s a clean enough process to avoid fatty liver, which has also become epidemic lately. Ketosis reduces the need for insulin to metabolize glucose from carbohydrates. 
Consuming smaller amounts of organic whole carbohydrates is healthy. But the processed carbohydrate foods that comprise the majority of SAD (Standard American Diet) consumers are nutritionally void and filled with toxic strangers to our cells and are stored as fat to isolate their toxicity. Eventually, the stored toxins are secreted from those fats, creating autoimmune illnesses. 
One of the most efficient saturated fats for ketosis is virgin coconut oil. Instead of long chain triglycerides that most other healthy fats contain, coconut oil is comprised of medium chain triglycerides, which are most easily converted into ketones. 
So consuming healthy fats, not trans-fat substitutes, and cutting back considerably on processed or refined carbohydrates is proving to increase health and reduce obesity and all the problems associated with it, including diabetes and heart disease. 
Most of us have mistakenly assumed the ketogenic diet for weight loss is a spinoff of the Atkins Diet for weight loss – lots of meat, nothing else. The popularized Paleo diet over this last decade has also been associated with ketogenic dieting. 
But factually, the ketogenic diet is high fat, moderate protein, low carbohydrate diet. The ketogenic diet is the original diet which was started in the 1920s at Johns Hopkins Hospital to cure children of epileptic seizures where drugs were not effective. Most modern-day versions of a low-carb diet, such as Atkins, Paleo, etc., are some version of this original ketogenic diet. 
The low carbohydrate aspect of the ketogenic diet should include only unrefined carbohydrate foods, unprocessed and fully intact with their nutrients. The standard American diet (SAD) is overwhelmed with refined flours and sugars and toxic factory farm meats. 
Swedish diet doctor Andreas Eenfeldt, M.D., explains that consuming too much whole protein animal foods, especially meat, can lead to excess protein. This excess protein easily converts into more glucose in the body and raises your insulin levels. This compromises optimal ketosis. 
Most vegetarians assume that a ketogenic diet is not for them. They fail to recognize that nuts, avocados, cold pressed avocado and olive oil, and coconut oil are plant based. Fudging with non-meat animal products such as real butter from grass fed cows or eggs from truly free range chickens is another route toward ketosis. Fat doesn’t have to be from bacon, though many low-carb dieters lean that way. Recent Science Contradicts Bogus Science of Fat Consumption Creating Obesity 
This past year (2016), two studies have confirmed what Health Impact News has known for well over a decade: Eating whole healthy fats, even saturated fats, is healthy and reduces body fat, eliminating the precursor to diabetes, heart disease, and obesity. (Source) 
One study dealt with obese subjects divided into two groups, both were put on very low calorie ketogenic (VLCK) diets. The researchers purpose was to determine what effects supplementing the test group with DHA omega 3 to determine the effects of omega-3 fatty acids. 
Keep in mind that omega-3 fatty acids are derived directly from fish fats and other animal sources as well as indirectly from flax and chia seeds. It’s a healthy type of fat. 
They discovered that after six months, both groups lost almost the same amount of weight, averaging around 20 kg (44 lbs), and both groups demonstrated similar changed “biological parameters,” such as stable insulin levels, lower triglycerides, LDL cholesterol, C-reactive protein, and increased leptin among other more esoterically labeled markers. What they were looking for in the DHA omega-3 group was discovered by concluding the DHA omega-3 group had better anti-inflammatory markings. 
But the ketogenic diet alone produced the same effect without the improvement of anti-inflammatory markers from DHA omega-3 fatty acid supplementing. Combining a ketogenic diet with omega-3 supplementing seems like a great idea. (Source) 
Another 2016 study that focused on whether weight loss from a ketogenic diet was mostly from fat mass and not muscle mass had similar weight reductions of 20 kg (44 lbs) in less time, four months. Amazing! 
The researchers concluded: “The VLCK (very low calorie ketogenic) diet-induced weight loss was mainly at the expense of FM [fat mass] and visceral mass [fat surrounding organs], preserving muscle mass and strength (emphasis added).” (Source) 
So there you have it, a summary of the apparent paradox of high-fat dieting to lose body fat, prevent diabetes, and protect heart health. There’s much more available at Health Impact News . Time to wake up from that low-fat diet dogma that has ruined the health of millions of its adherents. 
Comment on this article at CoconutOil.com. 
Sources:",0
15200,[ELECTION 2016] Nostradamus Predictions 2016 for USA: World War 3 & Donald Trump Predicted!,source Add To The Conversation Using Facebook Comments,0
15201,Yahoo Agrees to Give 4 Board Seats to Starboard Value - The New York Times,"SAN FRANCISCO  —   For over a year and a half, Yahoo has been tormented by a prominent activist investor who has criticized virtually everything about the company, from its business strategy to its efforts to sell major assets. Now that hedge fund, Starboard Value, is finally getting a seat at the embattled Internet company’s table, heading off a potentially distracting fight and perhaps easing the way for a potential sale of its core business. Yahoo said on Wednesday that it had given four director seats to Starboard, ending the activist investor’s campaign to unseat the company’s entire board. One of those seats will go to Starboard’s chief executive, Jeffrey C. Smith, who will also join a special board committee overseeing the company’s sale process. “We look forward to getting started right away and working closely with management and our fellow board members with the common goal of maximizing value for all shareholders,” Mr. Smith said in a statement. The move may let Yahoo focus more on its sales efforts while also quieting one of the company’s biggest and most persistent gadflies, since Starboard must now refrain from public criticism. The company had engaged two sets of bankers over the last several months: some to run defense against Starboard, others to supervise the auction. Giving those seats to Starboard may also remove some additional doubts about the seriousness of Yahoo’s intent in exploring a sale, a process that several people involved have described as messy and confusing. The hedge fund had latched on to those concerns as part of its activism campaign. As part of the settlement, two existing directors will step down, leaving the board at 11 members. Coupled with the two new directors appointed by Yahoo last month, more than half of the company’s board will be new this year. The other new additions to the board are Tor R. Braham, a former technology investment banker at Deutsche Bank Eddy W. Hartenstein, a director of Tribune Publishing and former chief executive of The Los Angeles Times and Richard S. Hill, chairman of Tessera Technologies. At the same time that a settlement has been reached, Yahoo and its board are still combing through the preliminary bids received last week. Among them were proposals from Verizon Communications, seen as the early leader in the sales process, and from investment firms like TPG Capital, Silver Lake and a consortium led by Bain Capital and Vista Equity Partners. Removing Starboard’s threat of a board fight might mean that Yahoo no longer feels compelled to complete its sales process before its next annual shareholder meeting. The agreement with Starboard says Yahoo must hold its meeting by June 30. Still, company executives have expressed confidence in the speed of the process, and Mr. Smith is likely to keep pressing for a timely conclusion. Hopes for a deal have helped lift Yahoo’s stock price more than 11 percent so far this year. But investors largely shrugged off the agreement on Wednesday, and shares closed down 0. 43 percent. For investors, little matters more now than whether Yahoo can find a buyer for its core Internet business, including its huge sports, finance and mail arms. A weak quarterly earnings report last week, in which sales fell 11 percent, underscored the continuing troubles that have plagued the company. Despite its huge presence in the early days of the web, Yahoo has steadily lost ground to newer competitors like Google and Facebook, leaving it to grasp for solutions to turn around its business. A succession of chief executives, the latest being the Google veteran Marissa Mayer, have failed to find an effective answer. That has drawn a number of activist investors over the years that have sought to shake up the company. Before Starboard it was Third Point, the firm run by the billionaire Daniel S. Loeb, who successfully ousted Ms. Mayer’s predecessor and called for the hiring of the Google engineer. But Ms. Mayer’s various initiatives have not panned out. In September 2014, Starboard  —   a roughly    firm with a growing reputation as a successful activist investor  —   emerged, leading with criticism of the company’s strategy. Starboard and Mr. Smith later added criticism of how Yahoo planned to sell its remaining stake in the Alibaba Group of China and, eventually, Ms. Mayer’s overall performance, to their complaints. Little love has been lost between the two sides in the last year and a half, with Ms. Mayer believing Starboard to be a nuisance and disrespectful and Mr. Smith publicly calling for the ouster of Yahoo’s board. The relationship took a further hit last month when Yahoo filled two board seats hours before the company was set to sit down with Starboard. But both sides continued to work on reaching a settlement, which has become more and more common in corporate America as companies and activists alike seek to avoid the expense and uncertainty of running a   proxy fight. While corporate boards initially viewed such   as threats to be fought, they have increasingly opened up and offered director seats to end hostilities. Starboard won seats on Wednesday not only at Yahoo but also at Marvell Technologies, a chip maker that the hedge fund had fought against for only a few months. At Marvell, the activist investor won four board seats and will have a say in the selection of the company’s next chief executive. Some on the receiving end of Starboard’s campaigns have eventually formed cordial relationships with the hedge fund. One of the new Yahoo directors who had been proposed by Starboard, Mr. Hill, was on Tessera’s board when that company battled against the activist investor three years ago. The alternative could be far worse. Starboard, for instance, ousted the entire board of Darden Restaurants, the parent of the Olive Garden chain, after rallying fellow investors unhappy with the company’s financial performance. “This constructive resolution will allow management and the board to keep our focus on our extremely important objectives,” Ms. Mayer said in a statement on Wednesday. “Management is looking forward to working with the entire board, including the new directors, to maximize shareholder value. ” Giving activist investors a role in the boardroom also helps to silence them, since such settlements  —   like the one at Yahoo  —   include nondisparagement clauses that prohibit these firms from publicly criticizing their companies.",0
15202,Panama Celebrates Expanded Canal’s Successful First Passage - The New York Times,"A   container ship, Cosco Shipping Panama, on Sunday became the first commercial vessel to successfully cross the Panama Canal’s newly expanded locks, a historic achievement that Panama hopes will keep the canal as relevant in this century as it was in the last. Panama built the expanded locks, without help from other governments, because the newer ships that increasingly carry the world’s cargo are too large to fit in the old canal. Seventy heads of state were invited to watch Cosco Shipping’s inaugural passage through the canal’s six massive locks  —   three on the Atlantic side, where the ship entered shortly after dawn, and three on the Pacific side, where the dignitaries patiently waited. Much of the ship’s transit was televised live to the nation and the world. Once the container ship successfully entered the first lock in mostly sunny, calm conditions, its passage was halted for speeches, sermons and exchanges of memorabilia. Panamanians who went to watch the maiden passage cheered, and bands played. As the ship made its way through the Atlantic locks, a serious accident  —   not related to the operation of the expanded canal  —   occurred near the Pacific side of the isthmus in the common waterway shared by ships passing through the old canal. The accident, involving a tugboat and an unidentified small ship, did not occur inside the old canal’s locks. The canal authority said in a statement that 21 people had received medical attention, including four who were injured seriously enough to be taken by ambulances to a private hospital. The four were in stable condition, and the cause of the accident was under investigation, according to the statement. Accidents of this severity are uncommon at the canal, which has operated with rarely a false note for more than a hundred years. The expanded canal opened amid questions about its   viability due to water availability and changes in shipping patterns. It opened nearly two years late, missing the 100th anniversary of the opening of the original canal, which was built by the United States. President Jimmy Carter signed a treaty in 1977 turning the canal over to the Panamanians, although the actual transfer did not occur until 1999. The ultimate cost of the project is not yet known because contractors have filed claims against the canal authority for an additional $3. 4 billion  —   more than the cost of the original lock expansion project. A consortium of companies from Spain, Italy, Belgium and Panama won the contract with a $3. 1 billion bid  —   a billion less than the   bid.",0
15203,Financial Whistleblower Explains What’s About to Happen to the Economy,By Isaac Davis How is the government going to get people to pay their taxes if the government is not viewed as legitimate? ~ Catherine... ,0
15204,Chris Rock on the Final Obama White House Party: ’It Was Like I Died and Went to Black Heaven’ - Breitbart,"Tuesday on NBC’s “The Tonight Show,” comedian Chris Rock offered details about the final party thrown at the White House by Barack Obama.  Rock described the scene to fellow “Saturday Night Live” alum and “Tonight Show” host Jimmy Fallon as having “died and went to black heaven. ” “Everybody was there,” Rock said. “It was like  —   whoa, the last party at the White House. First of all, have you been to the White House? It’s amazing. You walk in. You see these humongous portraits of the presidents everywhere you go, right? So I’m there, and it’s me and Jay Z, Beyoncé, Oprah  —   it’s like I died and went to black heaven. ” “There were a few white people there, too,” he continued. “You know, a couple  —   Kid Rock or somebody. And, somebody  —   Katie Couric, something. There was a couple. There’s a lot more now, I’ll tell you that. And so  —   there’s a lot more now. ” After “mingling,” as he described it, he talked about his encounter with   lady Michelle Obama. “At one point, it’s me and Michelle Obama just talking,” Rock explained. “I’m not really supposed to be alone with Michelle Obama. That’s not really my lane. I don’t know how to talk politics. And you now, Michelle Obama is like, ‘I don’t know what we’re going to do for the country,’ and we’re talking the election and stuff. ‘I don’t know what’s going to happen. This is such a crazy time.’ And I go, ‘You’ll be alright. ’” After telling her she’d be a candidate for a job on “The View” or “The Real Housewive,” Rock said she steered him back on she had to explain to him she was talking about the country. “Michelle Obama looks at me and was like, ‘I was talking about the country. I wasn’t talking about me. I was talking about the country,’” he added. “I’d never felt so stupid in my life. It’s like my GED flared up. ” Follow Jeff Poor on Twitter @jeff_poor",0
15205,Must be impeach of a hand,"Must be impeach of a hand page: 1 link Mingling through some thoughts tonight on thoughts of current events and the next president. No matter who wins, there will be plenty of baggage being brought into the White House. Between tapes and recordings being uncovered to Wikileaks and Project Veritas, corruption and ethical immoralities run deep in both candidates. The drips and leaks from both ends of the mudpit seem to be coming to a fever pitch. Will it end on Nov.9 or will there still be more. Could each side be holding on to a real key piece of damning material to have our future POTUS impeached? This brings up the choices of VP. Kaine and Pence. Now I could just be a tad ignorant here, but I've never heard of either one of them. I understand that they've had minor roles in government however the choices struck me as odd. Were these two possibly chosen for them? Are they the backup plan?",0
15206,Lindsay Lohan’s Strange Accent: Another Telling Sign of a Mind Control Slave,"Lindsay Lohan’s Strange Accent: Another Telling Sign of a Mind Control Slave November 3, 2016 94 
A video of Lindsay Lohan giving an interview with a strange accent has lead to wild speculation from fans and media. However, to those in the know, this is yet another telling symptom of MK programming, from someone who has already displayed many other symptoms. 
There’s a difference between speaking with a funny accent as a joke and speaking with a completely different speech pattern in all seriousness. One is the result of goofing around and the other is the result an alter-persona. - Advertisement - 
Lohan’s new accent was noticed while giving an interview to a reporter in Greece. Here’s the video. 
Lindsay, who is mainly based in England and Greece and was recently in a relationship with a Russian billionaire (MK handler?), was explaining to the journalist about why she has opened up a Nightclub in Athens called Lohan. After a Daily Mail article on the subject, Lohan “joked” and gave her accent (and alter-persona) a name: Lilohan. 
As stated in previous articles, victims of Mind Control are programmed with alter personas that have their own history, identity and accent (read my full article on Monarch Programming here ). The programming is so pervasive that the same person can speak different languages with different accents effortlessly – while the core persona cannot. For this reason, the spontaneous yet constant usage of a different accent is one of the main tell-tale signs of MK programming. And Lindsay Lohan has been identified her, on Vigilant Citizen, to be a Beta Kitten slave a long time ago. The entertainment industry has been very keen on proving this fact through symbolic pictures. Lindsay posed countless times as Marilyn Monroe who is the prototype of Beta Kitten Programming. In this photo by Tyler Shields, Lindsay lays on a bed while men get undressed. One cannot come up with a more graphic way of portraying the life of Beta Kitten slaves. Industry slaves must work with creepy photographers such as Terry Richardson. Bonus industry slave sign: One Eye sign. In another shoot with Terry Richardson, Lohan appears genuinely traumatized. 
In past years, Lohan has floated in and out of rehab (aka re-programming) while increasingly appearing to be “out of it”. 
Another famous person who has been displaying the same Beta Kitten symptoms is Britney Spears. Here’s an article about her speaking with a different accent in 2008 – around the time of her infamous head-shaving meltdown. Britney Spears Lapses Into a British Accent 
Britney Spears has a new accessory to go with her pink wig: a British accent. 
In the last several weeks, Spears, 26, has been videotaped numerous times trading her Louisiana twang for U.K. inflections. 
“She had the English accent thing going the whole time” while shopping at Kitson last Thursday, according to a source. “It didn’t stop.” 
Even when angry, the accent appears. On an L.A. shopping trip to Macy’s on Jan. 13, she screamed at the paparazzi, “Get out of my G—— face!” – in a British accent. 
So is it all in fun or has she flipped her pink wig? 
“When someone has dissociative identity disorder” – formerly known as multiple personality disorder – “each identity is split off from the other,” says L.A. psychologist Renee A. Cohen, who is not treating Spears. “Each identity would have its own name, memories, behavioral traits and emotional characteristics.” 
Cohen says the critical question is: “When Britney uses the British accent, or appears to take on another identity, does she know she’s Britney Spears?” 
“Otherwise, she could simply be behaving this way for attention, for sympathy, or any other reason,” adds Cohen. “It’s foolish to attempt to diagnose her without a formal evaluation.” 
One possible influence could be Spears’s maternal grandmother, Lilian Bridges, who was originally from England. 
Also, Spears’s new beau, photographer Adnan Ghalib, grew up in Birmingham, England. 
According to paparazzi who trail the singer around the clock, one thing is for sure: the pink wig means something’s changing. 
“When she puts on the pink wig, you just know something crazy is about to happen,” said one paparazzo. 
– Source: People.com 
While media is wondering what kind of accent Lindsay was speaking with (sounds Greek to me), we should rather wonder: Why would a 30 year old woman speak, in all seriousness, with a strange accent and a completely different speech pattern? Most of the time it is the result of a multiple-personality disorder (MPD) – which is a symptom of Monarch mind control. It is there, right in our face, but very few are actually seeing it. TAGS",0
15207,28 Alternative Uses for Life Saving Mylar Emergency Blankets,By Lizzie Bennett Some Life-Saving Advice About Mylar Emergency Blankets: And 28 Alternative Uses for Them As it’s getting colder it’s a good time to revisit the uses of mylar blankets in survival... ,0
15208,Congress Mulls Bill to Strip All Funds from Sanctuary Cities,"A bill proposed by a U. S. representative from Pennsylvania will cut off all federal funding to state, county and local jurisdictions with sanctuary policies. [“Not one cent,” Representative Lou Barletta ( ) told Breitbart Texas in an interview on Thursday morning. “These mayors, sheriffs, and state leaders are thumbing their noses at federal immigration law. The only way to stop them is to hit them in their pocketbooks. ”  He said the leaders of these sanctuary jurisdictions are not just choosing to violate federal law, “they’re bragging about it in press conferences. ” Mayors across the country have been lining up in droves to declare themselves sanctuary cities, Breitbart Texas reported in November 2016. Chicago Mayor Rahm Emanuel said, “Chicago always will be a sanctuary city,” NPR reported.  “To all those who are, after Tuesday’s election, very nervous and filled with anxiety   …     you are safe in Chicago, you are secure in Chicago and you are supported in Chicago. ” His comments come in the face of the city’s massive crime and murder rates. By the end of the year, Chicago would approach 800 murders by the end of 2016. In Texas, a newly   sheriff, dubbed by her opponent in the race with the moniker “Sanctuary Sally,” told the Travis County budget director she would no longer be able to certify her department was in compliance with laws requiring cooperation with immigration officials. The move will put her department, and county residents, at risk of losing $1. 8 million in state funding. Federal funding could also be stripped under existing law. “This is a perfect example,” Barletta told Breitbart Texas. “They’re making a mockery of our laws. ” Barletta said his bill, the Mobilizing Against Sanctuary Cities Act, H. R. 83 (attached below) strengthens the current law, 8 U. S. C. § 1373, being used to strip law enforcement grants from sanctuary jurisdictions. “My bill will enhance this by stripping all federal funds —  not one cent. ” Representative John Culberson ( ) worked with the DOJ throughout 2016 to force the department to certify the   sanctuary jurisdictions and use this existing law to cut off their funds for grants awarded in 2017. “When I originally introduced this bill in my first session, there were 80 cities that were considered sanctuary cities,” the   congressman said. “Now that number has grown to more than 300 because we didn’t do anything about it when there were only 80. We’re putting the American people in danger. ” He cited the murder of Kate Steinle in San Francisco as an example of a sanctuary city putting Americans’ lives at risk. Steinle was murdered in July 2015 by an illegal immigrant who had been released from jail months earlier by the sheriff who refused to honor an immigration detainer. He had previously been deported five times. Since that time, San Francisco Mayor Ed Lee doubled down on his city’s sanctuary status. “San Francisco is a sanctuary city and will not waiver in its commitment to protect the rights of all its residents,” Lee told local reporters. A frustrated Barletta said, “It’s time to stop talking about it and start taking action against these sanctuary cities. ” “The good in this bill,’ he explained, “is that if we stop these cities now, there might not be any more Kate Steinles. ” “Until we do, there will continue to be more Kate Steinles —  more Americans killed at the hands of illegal aliens that should have been deported after being in jail,” Barletta said. “Everyone will be outraged, but we will know we could have done something about it. ” His bill awaits a hearing in the House Judiciary Committee chaired by Rep. Bob Goodlate ( ) before it can move to the House floor for a vote. Chairman Goodlatte has been harshly critical of the Department of Homeland Security (DHS) over sanctuary cities. “While I agree that sanctuary city policies are unacceptable, it’s hypocritical for Secretary Johnson to criticize sanctuary cities while at the same time refusing to take the steps necessary to end these reckless policies,” Goodlatte said to outgoing DHS Secretary Jeh Johnson during a hearing in September 2015. Barletta concluded. “To me, there’s no gray area here —  Right is right, wrong is wrong, and illegal is illegal. ” Bob Price serves as associate editor and senior political news contributor for Breitbart Texas. He is a founding member of the Breitbart Texas team. Follow him on Twitter @BobPriceBBTX. Mobilizing Against Sanctuary Cities Act  —   H. R. 83 by Bob Price on Scribd, ",0
15209,"Anti-Donald Trump Play, ‘Building the Wall,’ Shuts Down in NYC After Poor Ticket Sales","An   play that paints an ominous picture of a   Trump America is shutting down in New York City after struggling to build an audience in the liberal city. [Building the Wall, written by Tony   playwright Robert Schenkkan, is closing a month early, the play’s producer Jeffrey Richards told the New York Times.   Schenkkan took to Twitter Friday to announce the play’s “final performances this weekend,” ahead of its original July 9 end date: Final performances this weekend for @BLDGtheWallNYC   at New @newworldstages! Come see @TheRealTTunie and @JamesBadgeDale burn it up!  —   ROBERT SCHENKKAN (@ROBERTSCHENKKAN) June 2, 2017,  The political thriller, according to the Times, follows a history professor named Gloria (Tamara Tunie) who interviews a former security officer named Rick (James Badge Gale). It’s 2019, and President Donald Trump has been removed from office after a terrorist attack in Times Square forces him to declare martial law and place Muslims and Mexicans in containment camps  —   which eventually turn into killing chambers. Gloria visits Rick in prison, where he explains his hand in the deadly terror. The play received a series of negative reviews, which Richards said contributed to its early shutdown. “Our author built a powerful play however, during this Tony Awards season and during a season which has not been kind to straight plays, we were unable to build an audience,” he said. “It is especially difficult to do so when you are Off Broadway. ” One Times review said the “hastily” written play “hobbles” along, crippled by “familiar ideas” like a prison interview. Schenkkan, who has been openly critical of President Trump, says the   play took him just one week to write in what he described as a “  fury” after the election. “We no longer live in a world that is business as usual —  Trump has made that very clear —  and if theater is going to remain relevant, we must become faster to respond,” Schenkkan told the Times. “We cannot hope to be useful if we can’t respond until 18 months after the fact. ” Despite its early closing, Richards said the play has been extended in Los Angeles, and there are new production rehearsals underway in Chicago, Miami, and Santa Fe. Other productions have been scheduled for Austria, Canada, Iran, and Mexico. Follow Jerome Hudson on Twitter @jeromeehudson.",0
15210,"President Putin: Russian Federation supports Jammu and Kashmir's right of self-determination, Indian army acts as ruthless bandits","Email (Rawalpindi, Islamic Republic of Pakistan)-- President Vladimir Putin in a rare interview with Asia Times revealed that Moscow offered a comprehensive roadmap to solve Kashmir's crisis which has festered for decades. The Russian proposal supports self-determination to the inhabitants of the disputed Jammu and Kashmir, based on a choice of three courses to be voted on in a referendum within four years after the establishment of peace. ""It is unrealistic to expect the Muslim population to accept the idea of integration into India. We support the inalienable right of Kashmiri people to determine their future. A UN-sponsored ceasefire is needed,"" the state-run Asia Time quoted Mr. Putin as saying, adding, the Indian army disguised as Hindu zealots are indiscriminately targeting Muslim civilians. The main anti-Indian Kashmiri opposition party, widely known as Azad Kashmir (Free Kashmir), has recently reopened its political office in Moscow after five years when Russia suddenly severed all its ties with the Muslim separatists. ""Indian army acts as ruthless bandits, though we seek a permanent solution to the conflict in Kashmir. UN must hold a plebiscite in those disputed areas to determine the wishes of Kashmiris on the final disposition of their state. I hope both side--Indianans and Pakistanis--eventually reach a mutual understanding and agree on reasonable term to end this bloodshed.",0
15211,"Chicago Has Deadliest Day of 2017, Seven Killed","After suffering its most dangerous year for decades, Chicago is already on track for an even worse year of bloodshed, murder, and crime as Tuesday counted seven dead in a single day. The victims included a pregnant woman. [Just after 9 PM on February 22, Chicago police found a    man and a pregnant woman shot in the city’s Chatham neighborhood, Chicago’s WGN TV reported.  The man was found shot in a parked car and the woman was discovered lying on a sidewalk. The victims were taken to a nearby hospital but both were pronounced dead. The male shooting victim was a known gang member. The name of the female victim is not being released. Thus far this year, Chicago has already suffered 99 homicides with 94 of those deaths by firearm. 2017 is also already ahead of 2016 with over 400 shooting victims. By the end of February last year the city saw only 202 shootings with 46 dead. Follow Warner Todd Huston on Twitter @warnerthuston or email the author at igcolonel@hotmail. com.",0
15212,"Trump: ‘If China Is Not Going to Solve North Korea, We Will’","President Donald Trump signaled his willingness to take on North Korea, regardless of whether China was willing to help the United States. [“If China is not going to solve North Korea, we will. That is all I am telling you,” Trump said in an interview with the Financial Times.  When asked if he could do it without China’s help, Trump replied, “Totally. ” Trump’s remarks signal a tough stance on the rogue nation ahead of Chinese President Xi Jinping’s visit at    this weekend. In recent years, American presidents looked to China to help contain the threat posed by North Korea. “China has great influence over North Korea and China will either decide to help us with North Korea, or they won’t,” Trump said. “And if they do that will be very good for China, and if they don’t it won’t be good for anyone. ” North Korea routinely conducted weapons tests during the Obama administration, but officials took a policy of “strategic patience. ” Trump’s Secretary of State Rex Tillerson signaled that things would change in the new administration. “Let me be very clear: the policy of strategic patience has ended,” Tillerson said during a news conference in South Korea last month. “We are exploring a new range of security and diplomatic measures. All options are on the table. ”",0
15213,Rubio: The Days of Assad Being Able to Act With Impunity ’Are Over’ - Breitbart,"On Thursday’s broadcast of CNN’s “AC360,” Senator Marco Rubio ( ) reacted to the US missile strikes against Syria by saying they showed “that the days of being able to act with impunity are over, when it comes to Bashar   and that there is now an American president prepared to do what it takes” and “an actual degrading of the capability of the Syrian regime to carry out further chemical attacks against innocent civilians. ”  Rubio said, “I don’t believe this is a message. I believe this is actually a tactical action that furthers an objective, which is important. My guess is, and I think you’ll see confirmation of it shortly, Shayrat Airfield, which is where these chemical attacks were launched from with   aircraft just a couple of days ago is going to be the target, and that is the airfield from which the chemical attacks were launched. It’s also a critical point in a part of the country where they are battling rebels  …    in the northern part of Syria. So, as I said, I think this is an important decisive step that was taken. It is not a message. It is an actual degrading of the capability of the Syrian regime to carry out further chemical attacks against innocent civilians. This will degrade their capability to launch those attacks from the air, and I think it was an important step, and hopefully it’s part of a comprehensive strategy moving forward to bring to a close this chaos is happening in Syria. ” He added, “I would say to everybody this is not just some symbolic measure. it is a strategic objective, and  …    they appear to have dedicated the necessary resources to achieve a specific strategic objective, and that’s the way you conduct these things. ” Rubio concluded, “[T]onight’s actions show that the days of being able to act with impunity are over, when it comes to Bashar   and that there is now an American president prepared to do what it takes to ensure that he does not have the capability  —   or that his capability to conduct these sorts of heinous war crimes is diminished and that he’s held accountable. ” Follow Ian Hanchett on Twitter @IanHanchett",0
15214,"Trump, Hillary, and the End of the US Empire: A Russian View","October 29, 2016 -  By Eduard Popov for Fort Russ - translated by J. Arnoldski - 


For the first time since the Cold War, the “Russian question” has become an important part of the debates between US presidential candidates. In turn, Russia is highly interested in a favorable outcome of the elections in the United States. In Russia itself, discussion has long been raging over which one of the US presidential candidates is better for Russia’s interests: Donald Trump or Hillary Clinton?  
Russian society’s sympathy undoubtedly belongs to Donald Trump, as Clinton has a high disapproval rating given her personal qualities and approach to Russia. If she is elected president of the United States, then she will likely become the most unpopular head of the White House in Russian public opinion. 
The “Russian question” is part of a more global question of the new world system in which the US is losing its status as the world’s sole superpower. Russia is playing an important role in changing the American Empire’s status, perhaps even a leading one. But the American crisis is even more comprehensive and goes far beyond Russia’s influence. A Russia dreaming of returning its former imperial greatness is less to blame for the fall of the US’ imperial influence than the irrationality of the American elites themselves.  
Russia survived two collapses in the 20th century consequential of internal factors.  The two Russian revolutions of the 20th century (1917 and 1991) were the result of a low quality of the ruling class and the undermining of their authority in society. The external factor was important, but still only a subsidiary cause of the collapse of the government and society. I believe that America is facing a similar crisis.  
As the author of these lines was told 10 years ago by an astute and recognized scholar, a former citizen of the USSR who emigrated to the US in the early 1990’s, America is today undergoing the same wrenching transformations that the Soviet Union experienced in the Perestroika period. This scholar’s view of the future of his new homeland was exclusively pessimistic - he believed that the US would not cope with its own restructuring primarily because of the unsuitability of its own elites. 
Of course, my opinion as a person who knows little of America and the opinion of the more knowledgeable above-mention citizen are only personal ones. But the emergence of the phenomenon of Donald Trump is not a detail, but an objective consequences of the deep crisis of the American system.  
The Trump phenomenon demonstrates at least two critical factors: (1) the complete alienation of the American elites (or as the Czech communist ideologist Dr. Skala says, the American ‘nomenklatura’) from the people, and (2) the American nomenklatura’s complete loss of touch with reality. Both are painfully reminiscent of the situation in the USSR before Perestroika.  
The late Soviet elites (the ‘nomenklatura,’ as they were pejoratively called in society) turned into a closed caste. Even though, in my opinion, they were still more democratic than the current American elite, the Soviet nomenklatura sacrificed the interests of real modernization of the country’s social-economic system and ideology for the sake of pursuing geopolitical phantoms. Perhaps I am wrong, but such ""false idols"" prevail in the minds of the current American nomenklatura even more.  
In the US, factories are closing, migration is growing, Mexico is slowly realizing a Reconquista (the return of their lands in the southwestern states of the US that were annexed as a result of an unjust war), and all of this is happening against the backdrop of imperial overstretch. The US is striving to control not only its backyard, Latin America (which is being actively penetrated by Chinese capital, another manifestation of the phantom thinking of the American nomenklatura), but also Ukraine, for which Russia is ready to fight to the last breath.  
America does not have the strength for this. But the American nomenklatura does not have the slightest interest in taking care of things at home and concentrating on domestic issues. Continuing American expansion is akin to Trotsky’s permanent revolution. Such is intriguing and vivid, while home repairs and cleaning toilets is infinitely boring and tedious. 
This is why the US presidential elections will be won by the political lunatic and American Trotskyist, Hillary Clinton, who does not strive for realism or call for cleaning the Augean stables like Donald Trump does. 

Obviously, for Russia it is better to deal with a US government which defends its own national interests, not phantoms of pseudo-democracy and its declining imperial power. But little depends on Russia’s opinion. Therefore, it is advisable to prepare for and objectively observe the course of the fight whose outcome is practically a foregone conclusion.  

     Follow us on Facebook!                                                   
                                                   

       Follow us on Twitter! 
                               

             Donate! 
",0
15215,‘Logan’ Box Office Hits $85.3 Million as Fox’s Bet Pays Off - The New York Times,"LOS ANGELES  —   Aging fanboys and enthusiasm from critics propelled “Logan,” an   “ ” spinoff, to a fat $85. 3 million in domestic ticket sales over the weekend. “The Shack,” aimed at religious audiences, also got off to a strong start, but the Academy Awards did not drive the multiplex masses into “Moonlight. ” Starring Hugh Jackman as the   Wolverine, “Logan” was an effort by 20th Century Fox to freshen the superhero genre by pushing into “raw, ugly violence,” as Manohla Dargis, a chief movie critic for The New York Times, wrote in her review. To its benefit, she said, the film “doesn’t play like a retread or an ad for the next installment. ” That was the bull’s eye for which Fox was aiming: Having been fed one superhero sequel after another  —   Mr. Jackman has been playing Wolverine for 17 years  —   audiences (in particular, a core fan base that has aged) are demanding that studios get more creative. Fox got the message last year, when its daring   “Deadpool” broke box office records and its rather rote “ : Apocalypse” underperformed. Fox booked “Logan” into 4, 071 theaters, a large number for an   film. “Logan,” which cost roughly $100 million to make, not including marketing costs, collected an additional $152. 5 million overseas. For the weekend in North America, the horror movie “Get Out” (Universal) was second, collecting about $26. 1 million, for a   total of $76 million, according to comScore, which compiles   data. “The Shack” (Lionsgate) starring Octavia Spencer as God and based on William P. Young’s   novel of the same name, was third, arriving at about $16. 1 million in ticket sales, more than industry analysts had predicted before its release. “The Shack” may have been dismissed by most critics, but viewers gave it an A grade in CinemaScore exit polls, suggesting that it will ride    to solid ticket sales in the weeks to come. Lionsgate, which has been on a box office roll, spent a little over $20 million to make “The Shack,” backing it with an aggressive   marketing campaign. Despite its   win at the Oscars, “Moonlight” (A24) only collected about $2. 5 million from more than 1, 500 theaters, its widest release yet, for a new total of $25. 4 million. On the plus side, A24 said that “Moonlight” was a top seller on    platforms. It was also released on DVD on Tuesday.",0
15216,Five Questions You Need to Ask Yourself Before Buying a Home - The New York Times,"Editor’s note: This article was first published in 2014. Its general guidance, however, is still true. One of the pleasures of being an economics writer is that friends and acquaintances routinely ask me: “Should I buy a house?” And my answer is always the same: “I have no idea. ” It is not for lack of familiarity with    ratios or the benefits of the mortgage interest deduction. Anyone who wants to do a financial analysis on whether to rent or buy a home should go to our new calculator, an excellent tool for doing just that. But the result, no matter how carefully and clearheadedly you approach the exercise, is more a starting point than a conclusion about your optimal living situation. It will give you a good look at the financial dimensions of your decision. But housing is about quite a bit more. In 2008, I bought a condominium in Washington. I made the purchase after years of thought, and after building a spreadsheet that modeled the costs and benefits  —   an unnecessarily complex tool to do what our new    calculator simplifies and automates. It was terrifying, plopping down basically the entirety of my savings and taking on a mortgage that was a multiple of my annual salary. It has worked out fine for me, but for reasons that had nothing to do with any of the stuff I was able to build into that    spreadsheet. The factors underlying our calculator, where you can adjust assumptions, are important. But you also need to think deeply about these five other things that don’t easily plug into that financial model. How much is permanence worth to you? One of the nonfinancial benefits of buying a home is that you know you can live in it indefinitely. You don’t have to worry that the landlord will raise your rent 20 percent, or demolish the building to turn it into something else. You can renovate the kitchen or paint the shutters according to your preference and yours alone. (O. K. maybe a historic preservation board or homeowners association may have some say, but you are pretty much on your own). So what is that worth to you? This is a question that defies any attempt to analyze using a spreadsheet. It is purely a question of your preferences and priorities in life. How confident are you that you will want to stay? One of the biggest factors shaping the desirability of buying versus renting is how long you will stay in a place. Given the huge costs, both financial and psychic, of selling a house, it is generally a far better deal to buy if you will live in a place for a decade than if you will be moving in three years. But simply putting your best guess of how long you will stay gives you a limited view of things. We all actually have a range of possibilities. What are the odds that a year from now you will get offered a dream job in London, or meet the love of your life who already has a great place, or conversely go through a   or divorce? Our best plans are still only guesses, but some people are more settled and less likely to have a sudden move than others (a person who is absolutely committed to staying in his or her current city, for example, or a happily married couple with all the children they want). Be honest with yourself about how settled, or unsettled, your future living situation really is. How confident are you about your future income? One of the advantages of renting is that if your earning power suddenly changes, it is relatively easy to adjust your living situation accordingly. Lose your job and have to take a pay cut to find a new one? That isn’t much fun, but it’s less painful if it results in moving into a smaller apartment rather than having your house foreclosed upon and your credit wrecked. That’s all a case for being conservative when thinking about your future earnings. If you earn a commission or bonus, how variable is it? Don’t assume that one good year will be repeated forever. Do you work in an industry that is healthy and growing, or one in which layoffs are happening all the time? If you lost your job, how hard would it be to find a new one, and would you probably be paid more or less than you are now? The more confident you are in your future earnings, the more comfortable you should be taking on that home mortgage. Can you force yourself to save? As my colleague Josh Barro has pointed out, one of the real, if underappreciated, benefits of buying a home is that it forces you to save. A typical mortgage pays itself off bit by bit over the 15 or 30 years you are making payments. With modest appreciation in the value of the home, at the inflation rate or a little bit above, people who buy a house in their 30s and stay there can end up with quite a valuable asset, debt free, in their 60s. But there’s no reason you can’t also save while renting a home. You have the money that would otherwise have been your down payment as a starting point, and then you can easily transfer a few hundred dollars each month into a brokerage account and put the money into stocks, which historically have higher returns than residential real estate. But will you? One risk for people who elect to rent is that they could lack the discipline to save that way, and so could find themselves at retirement age owning neither a    home nor a   brokerage account. If you know you’re tempted to spend every last dollar in your paycheck, buying could provide some extra advantage. Can you accept that the future is unknowable? A month after I closed on my condo, there was a global financial crisis. Property prices plummeted  —   if I had needed to sell in 2009, I would have lost a bundle. But the downturn also led to an era of ultralow interest rates that allowed me to refinance a couple of times to reduce my monthly payment. And while the national job market has been miserable, I never lost my job. Meanwhile, Washington, with its influx of federal dollars, rebounded faster than most of the country. My neighborhood in particular continued its   upswing and is more expensive than it was in 2008. I foresaw none of that. Most of the numbers in my complicated spreadsheet were all wrong, but it worked out anyway. I was lucky. The point is that the world is messy. In deciding whether to buy a home, we can never have perfect visibility into what the years ahead will bring. All   home buyers can do is make sure they are buying a place that they can afford  —   with a sensible price relative to the alternative of renting  —   and that they can see themselves living in for many years. Because you can’t know the future, concentrate on the things you can know, about the finances of a potential purchase and your own personality, and leap accordingly.",0
15217,Hillary Clinton Compares Herself to Wonder Woman,"Hillary Clinton compared herself to DC Comics superhero Wonder Woman Tuesday in a video message, which aired at the Women in Film Los Angeles’ Crystal + Lucy Awards in Beverly Hills. [Clinton began by thanking Women in Film for its “commitment to lifting up women directors, producers, writers, composers and executives. ” Then the former Democratic presidential nominee suggested that she and Wonder Woman were both on a quest to “save the world. ”  “Now I haven’t seen Wonder Woman yet, but I’m going to, in part because it’s directed by the fabulous Patty Jenkins,” Clinton said in the video. “But something tells me that a movie about a strong, powerful woman fighting to save the world from a massive international disaster is right up my alley. ” Clinton’s taped video remarks were meant to honor actress Elizabeth Banks, who ripped President Donald Trump and stumped for Clinton last year at the Democratic National Convention. “She is such a special person, again, on screen and off,” Clinton said of her friend Banks. “You’re not only a creative force in front of the camera and behind it, you are a passionate advocate for women’s equality and opportunity I can vouch for that. ” During surprise video to honor @ElizabethBanks, @HillaryClinton offers desire to see @WonderWomanFilm @PattyJenks #CrystalLucys @WomenInFilm pic. twitter.   —   Chris Gardner (@chrissgardner) June 14, 2017,  The    Pitch Perfect director and star produced a     “Fight Song” music video that premiered during the second day of the Democratic National Convention in July of last year.  A week before Election Day, Banks appeared in another   video meant to persuade Americans to vote for Clinton.   Follow Jerome Hudson on Twitter: @JeromeEHudson",0
15218,Tancredo – Memo to President Trump: Two Border Patrol Patriots Still Awaiting Justice - Breitbart,"While Americans are applauding President Trump’s   turn from the immigration and border security policies of the Obama years, the president should take time to correct a grievous    mistake from the Bush dynasty as well. [I am speaking about the Justice Department’s prosecution  —   and I would add, persecution  —   of two Border Patrol agents, Jose Compean and Ignacio Ramos. The case is a good lesson in how the vast powers of the federal government can be deployed for narrow political purposes, not the ends of justice.  In February of 2005, Border Patrol officers Ramos and Compean were patrolling the Rio Grande border near Fabens, Texas. They encountered a van near the river that was behaving suspiciously, so they gave chase. The driver abandoned the vehicle and its almost   load of drugs and fled on foot toward the river. Agent Compean caught up with him, and a fight ensued, but the man escaped and continued running toward the border. Agent Ramos arrived on the scene, and both of them pursued the fleeing smuggler. When they saw the man turn and wave “a shiny object” which they thought was a gun, they opened fire at him. Both agents said later they did not realize at the time that a shot had hit the smuggler in the buttocks because the man kept running and disappeared into Mexico.  Weeks after the shooting occurred and as result of demands from the Mexican government, a Homeland Security Department’s inquiry was launched, and soon after that Ramos and Compean were put on trial. They were both found guilty of discharging a firearm during the commission of a violent crime! Compean received a   sentence, and Ramos got 11 years.    The smuggler was a Mexican named Osvaldo Aldrete Davila, who was portrayed in court testimony as not a career drug smuggler but someone who had merely consented to smuggle this single load to get money to pay his mother’s medical bills. That fairy tale was adopted not only by the smuggler and his family but also by the prosecuting U. S. Attorney to paint the drug smuggler as the innocent victim of Border Patrol brutality and criminal behavior. And get this. In exchange for his testimony against the two agents who shot him, the smuggler was given a visa to let him have easy entry into the U. S. He then used the visa to help him deliver a second load of drugs! This time it was over 750 pounds of Marijuana, and he was armed when he was caught.  That arrest was never allowed to be admitted into the   trial. Two Texas congressmen, Ted Poe and John Culbertson, told CNN in 2007 that the truth of the matter was that Ramos and Compean had been the victim of a   by the Border Patrol’s parent agency, the Department of Homeland Security, and that the DHS Inspector General had admitted lying to them about the case. I followed the trial closely at the time and later visited personally with Ignacio Ramos after his incarceration in a federal prison in Ohio. Earlier while in a Mississippi federal facility, he had been beaten by five Hispanic inmates who recognized him from news accounts of the trial.  In July of 2007, both Senate and House committees investigated the matter.   Senators Diana Feinstein and John Cornyn asked Bush for a commutation to time served and release from prison. He refused.  On the last day of his Presidency, Bush agreed to the calls for commutation. Of course commuting a sentence does not wipe out the crime. Only a pardon can do that. And that is what is needed for these two men whose lives, and the lives of their families have been shattered by being held as political prisoners after a kangaroo court trial.  The whole scandalous story of the malicious treatment of Ramos and Compean by U. S. government prosecutors was revealed by Congressman Dana Rohrabacher in a speech on the House floor on March 19, 2007. I am asking you to join in the effort to persuade President Trump to grant that pardon. We can start with letters and calls to the White House and sympathetic Members of Congress. Jose Compean and Ignacio Ramos are not “dreamers” and do not have the mainstream media and the entire Democrat Party arguing their case they are Americans who deserve  a huuuge “We are sorry and apologize for what happened to you. ” ",0
15219,Jane Fonda ’Grace and Frankie’ Vibrator Billboard Turning Heads in Hollywood,"A large billboard on Vine Street in Hollywood depicting Netflix’s Grace and Frankie stars Lily Tomlin and Jane Fonda holding purple vibrators is causing quite a stir for commuters. [“Good vibes,” reads the tagline in the giant ad, promoting the third season premiere of the popular comedy series.  The   billboard nearly caused a car crash for at least one L. A. motorist. “Almost rear ended someone cuz it took me too long to figure out what they were holding in this ‘Grace and Frankie’ billboard,” wrote one Twitter user. almost rear ended someone cuz it took me too long to figure out what they were holding in this ”Grace and Frankie”billboard pic. twitter.   —   Connieshin (@thatconnieshin) March 25, 2017,  In the Netflix series, Tomlin and Fonda play two   whose law partner husbands declare their love for each other and leave their wives, turning their lives upside down. The longtime friends embraced each other on a billboard for the premiere of Season 2. But given the sex   plot in Season 3  —   as the two women start a female sex toy business  —   the vibrator ad in midtown Hollywood makes sense. It makes even more sense following Netflix’s promotion of the show last week with a short clip featuring Tomlin’s Frankie dancing on the beach alongside a slew of shimmying dildos. Good vibes have arrived. All new season of Grace and Frankie now streaming on @Netflix! pic. twitter.   —   Grace and Frankie (@GraceandFrankie) March 24, 2017,  On Monday, Tomlin and Fonda appeared on The Late Show with Stephen Colbert to promote the upcoming season.  Fonda took the opportunity to pitch a business opportunity to President Donald Trump a line of adult diapers she called ‘Trumpers,” which she joked would “help with all the leaks. ”   Follow Jerome Hudson on Twitter: @JeromeEHudson",0
15220,"Trump Ends Silence With Palestinians, Opening a Path - The New York Times","WASHINGTON  —   President Trump spoke with President Mahmoud Abbas of the Palestinian Authority on Friday for the first time since taking office and invited him to visit the White House, opening a new avenue of diplomacy as he develops his own peace initiative for the Middle East. Mr. Trump, who presented himself last year as Israel’s greatest champion, had refused to deal directly with Palestinian officials until now. But after a White House meeting with Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu of Israel, and multiple conversations with Arab leaders from the region, Mr. Trump has embarked on what he promises to be a sustained effort to break a   impasse and resolve the conflict. The president has assigned Jared Kushner, his    and senior adviser, and Jason Greenblatt, his top negotiator, to explore ways of bringing the two sides together in tandem with other players in the region. Mr. Greenblatt plans to follow up Friday’s telephone call between Mr. Trump and Mr. Abbas with a visit next week to the region. He will meet with Israeli officials in Jerusalem and Mr. Abbas in Ramallah, the headquarters for the Palestinian Authority that operates in the occupied West Bank. Nabil Abu Rudeineh, an adviser and spokesman for Mr. Abbas, said the two presidents spoke for about 20 minutes in English and called it “a very good conversation. ” “He invited our president to the White House and it seems like he’s ready to deal with my president to achieve a real peace,” Mr. Rudeineh said. “The president seemed very serious about a peace deal, and a man who is willing to do something on the ground and is willing to do something to end the suffering in this region. ” In a statement describing the call, the White House said, “The president emphasized his personal belief that peace is possible and that the time has come to make a deal. ” Mr. Abbas’s advisers initially expressed worry that Mr. Trump did not reach out sooner, and that he seemed deeply tilted toward Israel. For his ambassador to Israel, he nominated David M. Friedman, a lawyer and fervent supporter of Israeli settlements in the West Bank. During Mr. Netanyahu’s visit last month, Mr. Trump cast aside two decades of American support for a   solution, meaning the creation of a Palestinian state alongside Israel, saying it did not matter to him what form an agreement took as long as both sides concurred. But Mr. Trump has also moderated some of his positions since taking office. After Mr. Netanyahu announced thousands of new homes in the West Bank, Mr. Trump asked him to delay new construction, saying it would not help peace efforts. And while he promised last year to quickly move the United States Embassy from Tel Aviv to Jerusalem despite the longstanding dispute over a city that both sides claim as a capital, he has not acted on that pledge, making clear he was rethinking it. In recent weeks, Palestinian leaders have expressed tentative optimism that Mr. Trump, however unorthodox in his approach, may in fact pursue the deal he says he wants in the Middle East. There have been contacts between intelligence organizations, including a visit to Mr. Abbas by the C. I. A. director, Mike Pompeo. “I suspect the phone call came as something of a relief for Abbas, who has been waiting anxiously for seven weeks for the administration to make political contact with the Palestinian leadership,” said Khaled Elgindy, a former adviser to the Palestinian leadership in negotiations with Israel and now a fellow at the Brookings Institution in Washington. ”Trump’s approach has not been terribly balanced, or even all that coherent, thus far,” he added, “but the administration seems to be returning to the standard talking points of the peace process  —   at least in relative terms. Whether any of this is enough to salvage the peace process or even a   solution is another matter. ”",0
15221,‘In-Betweeners’ Are Part of a Rich Recruiting Pool for Jihadists - The New York Times,"WASHINGTON  —   They were young men caught between cultures, sons of immigrant families, feeling lost or rejected  —   and angry about   wars. Online they encountered the   recruiters of Al Qaeda and the Islamic State, who said their first loyalty should be not to their nation but to Islam. Then they plotted sensational violence. In the weekend bombings in New York and New Jersey and stabbings at a mall in Minnesota, the suspected perpetrators fit the same rough pattern as in previous attacks at the Boston Marathon in 2013 in San Bernardino, Calif. in 2015 and in Orlando, Fla. in June, as well as in the terrorist assaults in Paris and Brussels. A rich recruiting pool for Al Qaeda and the Islamic State includes what psychologists call “” young adults whose identities have not yet solidified. Their uncertainty makes them vulnerable, said J. Reid Meloy, a forensic psychologist and clinical professor at the University of California, San Diego. “It allows the individual to attach his identity to something that is larger and inflates his sense of himself,” he said. The uncomfortable   status can be especially acute for those with recent immigrant roots. Living in two cultures at once is very enriching for most people but very unsettling for others, said Lorenzo Vidino, the director of the Program on Extremism at George Washington University. For some Muslim immigrants, he said, “You have a message at home that’s very conservative, and a completely different message from the society around you when you’re growing up. ” The full history of Ahmad Khan Rahami, 28, the naturalized American of Afghan birth who is accused of planting bombs in Manhattan and New Jersey, is not yet known. But his 2014 arrest in an alleged stabbing in a family dispute suggests a young man adrift his scribbling in a notebook the names of Osama bin Laden, Abu Muhammad    —   an Islamic State leader  —   and Anwar   the   Qaeda recruiter, appeared to reflect a   embrace of jihadism. Tamerlan Tsarnaev, a Chechen immigrant and the older of the two Boston Marathon bombers, turned to Islamist extremism when his hopes for a boxing career dimmed. He was 26 at the time of the attack. Omar Mateen, the son of an Afghan immigrant with outspoken political views, was 29 when he opened fire at an Orlando nightclub, killing 49 people. He had been dismissed from training as a prison guard after making disturbing remarks about weapons, and ended up as a private security guard. Syed Rizwan Farook, 28, the   son of immigrants from Pakistan, found work as a health inspector but had spent years searching for dates and a mate before meeting Tashfeen Malik online and marrying her in Saudi Arabia. Together, the couple attacked a luncheon attended by Mr. Farook’s colleagues last December, killing 14 people. “When you dig into these cases, you find the ‘why’ is a very complex question,” said Peter Bergen, the director of the security program at New America, a research group, and author of “United States of Jihad. ” Personal disappointment, perceptions of discrimination, anger about American foreign policy and the desire “to become a hero in one’s own story” are all at play in addition to jihadist ideology, he said. “Many of them just take their grievances and dress them up in the garb of Islam,” Mr. Bergen said. That has become easy in the age of the internet. The attackers in San Bernardino, Orlando and New York all had expressed support for the Islamic State, and they and the Boston bombers were devotees of the voluminous online work of Mr. Awlaki, who was killed in an American drone strike in 2011. His arguments remain highly popular on the web, where he urged Western Muslims to reject even the friendliest   neighbors, whom he called “Sally Soccer Mom and Joe  . ” Mr. Rahami wrote in his journal that “Sheikh Anwar,” as well as Mr. Adnani of the Islamic State, had “said it clearly”: “Attack the kuffar,” or   “in their backyard. ” Farhad Khosrokhavar, a sociologist at the École des Hautes Études en Sciences Sociales in Paris and the author of “Radicalization,” said Muslims in Europe more often than those in America felt “frontally rejected” by the larger society. He said he had often seen in his research individuals who felt neither French nor Arab. “In France, they are blamed for not being French enough, and when they go to their parents’ country of origin, they are blamed for not being Arab enough,” Mr. Khosrokhavar said. “That double denial can push them to adhere to a radical version of Islam, as a kind of lifeline: Since I am neither French nor Arab, neither American nor Afghan, I am Muslim and to hell with you all,” he added. These roots of radicalization do not make immigrants in general a danger. In the United States, immigrants have a lower rate of crime and violence than other Americans. Converts to Islam are disproportionately represented among Americans and Europeans drawn to extremism, and other ideologies also motivate mass violence  —   as in the case of Dylann Roof, who was 21 when he fatally shot nine black people last year at a church in Charleston, S. C. in the name of white supremacy. “The actual content of the ideology is secondary,” said Mr. Meloy, the psychologist. “What’s important is the identification and fixation. ” But the Islamist terrorist groups target the particular anxieties of Western Muslims from immigrant backgrounds, posing recruitment as a religious loyalty test. They call on supporters to reject the nations where they live and embrace instead a devotion to the ummah, the global community of Muslims. The West is at war with Islam, they say, and you must strike out to defend your fellow Muslims. That message has been delivered with particular power by Mr. Awlaki, often reinforcing the newer propaganda efforts of the Islamic State. As an imam who counseled immigrants at three American mosques, and as a   who had lived in both countries and in Britain, Mr. Awlaki understood the worries of Muslims in the West. When he joined Al Qaeda, he did his best to open a gulf between them and their   neighbors. “The important lesson to learn here is: Never, ever trust a kuffar,” Mr. Awlaki said in a 2003 lecture in London that was captured on video and remains a YouTube favorite. “Now, you might argue and say: ‘But my neighbor is such a nice person. My classmates are very nice. My    —   they’re just fabulous people, they’re so decent and honest. ’” Yet these   can never be relied upon, he said. Later, after moving to Yemen, he spoke not only of shunning   but also of attacking them. In a 2010 video, he tried to shame his listeners into choosing his brand of religion over their country. “To the Muslims in America I have this to say: How can your conscience allow you to live in peaceful coexistence with a nation that is responsible for the tyranny and crimes committed against your own brothers and sisters?” he said. “How can you have your loyalty to a government that is leading the war against Islam and Muslims?” He has led many people down the jihadist path, and not just in   countries. The Counter Extremism Project, an advocacy group based in Washington, said Wednesday that it had counted 88 “extremists” who had been influenced by Mr. Awlaki: 54 in the United States and 34 in Europe. Most such jihadist recruits are the children of immigrants, said Olivier Roy, a professor at the European University Institute in Florence, Italy, and the author of “Globalized Islam. ” His research shows that 65 percent of Muslim extremists in France and Belgium are from this second generation. “These young people have broken away from their parents, who they blame for many things  —   for practicing the wrong Islam, for having brought them to the West, for having failed in life,” Mr. Roy said, noting that Mr. Rahami reportedly had clashed with his father. But such conflicts pass. Few jihadists are from the third generation, the grandchildren of immigrants, he said.",0
15222,Police Kill Movie Theater Assailant in Germany - The New York Times,"FRANKFURT  —   A masked assailant apparently armed with a rifle attacked a multiplex movie theater in the German city of Viernheim on Thursday and took hostages before he was killed by elite police units that stormed the building, officials and the news media reported. There was no indication the attack was linked to a terrorist plot, officials said, despite initial fears that the gunman may have been tied to Islamist extremists who have carried out other assaults that have traumatized Europe. Officials also disputed early reports that up to 25 people had been hurt in the multiplex mayhem. Peter Beuth, the interior minister for the state of Hesse, said he had no information that anyone had been harmed. Some German news organizations reported that people had been injured by police   and that the assailant had carried a weapon loaded with blank cartridges. Mr. Beuth said the assailant had been armed with a   weapon, but it was not clear whether it was capable of firing live ammunition. “Because the attacker had taken hostages, the special forces moved in on him and he was killed,” Mr. Beuth told the Hesse state legislature. The assailant’s identity and motive were not clear. Mr. Beuth said the man appeared confused, suggesting he may have been mentally ill. The multiplex was showing four mainstream American films: “The Jungle Book,” “Alice Through the Looking Glass,” “Angry Birds” and “Central Intelligence. ” It was not clear which theater the assailant entered. Bernd Hochstädter, a spokesman for the police command in Southern Hessen, told the   private news channel that a special police team had carried out the action. He said the team had approached the gunman, supported by local police officers. “A person with a gun entered the cinema,” Mr. Hochstädter said. The police were alerted and immediately surrounded the center. A spokesman for the regional police authority in the Hesse city of Darmstadt said that investigators did not see any links between the assailant and Islam. The spokesman, who did not provide his name in accordance with German security protocols, said the total number of hostages who had been held was unclear. He said the assailant had fired four shots before he was killed. Viernheim is a city of about 33, 000 people near Mannheim, which is known for its chemicals industry. The swift response reflected how Germany remains on edge with fears heightened over terrorist attacks in Europe. The country has not suffered attacks on the same scale as France or Belgium, but the police have foiled several plots and the country has been dreading that it, too, could become a target.",0
15223,‘Ring of Fire’ Eclipse Travels Across South America and Africa - The New York Times,"People in parts of South America and Africa were treated to a rare sight on Sunday: a “ring of fire” eclipse, when the moon moves in between the Earth and the sun, briefly replacing it with a blazing, fiery ring. An event of this kind  —   technically called an annular eclipse  —   is a byproduct of the moon’s elliptical nature around the Earth, which means it is sometimes further away from the planet than at other times. An annular eclipse is one that happens when the moon is unable to completely block our view of the sun because it is at one of its greater distances from Earth. The countries with the best chance of viewing an annular eclipse are those that lie along the path of annularity, an invisible line that traces the path taken by the moon’s shadow as it moves across the globe, according to C. Alex Young, a solar astrophysicist from NASA. They include Chile and Argentina in South America and Angola, Zambia and the Democratic Republic of Congo in Africa, where viewers were able to see the full “ring of fire” effect for roughly one minute. Skywatchers on the ground in those countries  —   including more than a few government agencies  —     their experience on Sunday, with some complaining that overcast weather dampened their views. People outside the direct path of annularity could still get a glimpse of the show although it was only be a partial eclipse. For everyone else, there is always the internet. Slooh Community Observatory, a system of telescopes, broadcast the eclipse online via live stream beginning around 7 a. m. Eastern time on Sunday. Americans will also get to watch an eclipse of their own soon enough. A total solar eclipse is due on Aug. 21.",0
15224,The Uninvited Guest: The 2016 Campaign Crashes the Dinner Party - The New York Times,"It’s hard to remember a time when the tense 2016 presidential campaign didn’t hog the airwaves and social media feeds. It has also sucked the oxygen at social gatherings, according to a number of New Yorkers who are regulars on the party circuit. At any recent outing, the acrimonious contest between Hillary Clinton and Donald J. Trump is the elephant in the room, the uninvited guest. The subject can derail restaurant conversation, make hostages of   guests and drive a wedge between host and guest. At a dinner with friends Saturday, the literary agent Chris Calhoun, thinking the conversation would be about a play they were about to see, found himself in a heated discussion of poll numbers,   races, the rise to celebrity of Kellyanne Conway and the barbs swapped by Mrs. Clinton and Mr. Trump at the recent Al Smith dinner, which, to his amazement, all of his fellow diners had watched live on CNN. “We were at the Library at the Public Theater, having dinner before seeing ‘Plenty,’” Mr. Calhoun said, “and we sort of agreed not to talk about politics, because we were exhausted by the subject. “But then someone remembered that one of the plot turns in the play revolved around the Suez crisis and the fall of the British government. But none of us could remember exactly what had happened and who the prime minister was then. So we went on Wikipedia and started to read out loud the bio of Anthony Eden, which included the description of him as the ‘puppet’ of the U. S. government. ” The word immediately reminded everyone present of the moment in the third presidential debate when the two nominees accused each other of being a puppet to President Vladimir V. Putin of Russia. “‘Puppet!’ we all cried out, and the next thing you know we were talking about the debate  —   ‘Putin’s puppet,’ ‘No, you’re the puppet’  —   and then went on to the Al Smith dinner,” he said. “We ended up spending the next hour rehashing the entire campaign, after we had sworn not to. Luckily, we finally realized that the curtain was about to go up or we might have been there all night. ” Alex Badia, the style director at Women’s Wear Daily, had a similar experience while dining with friends at Soho House. “At one point we said, ‘We have to stop talking about this,’” Mr. Badia said. “We talked about what we’re doing for Thanksgiving and very quickly we went back to Trump, back to the election. All roads lead to Trump. I just think it is so present in people’s minds. ” The subject of the campaign became so loaded for the novelist Jay McInerney that his wife, the publishing heiress Anne Hearst, has told him to steer clear of campaign conversation at the dinner parties they have hosted. Ms. Hearst made the request not long after Mr. McInerney lost his cool at a Southampton gathering where the guests were split between Mr. Trump and Mrs. Clinton. “The host went around the room and asked everybody who they were voting for and why,” Mr. McInerney said. “And emotions ran really high, to the point that I felt it kind of cast a little bit of a pall at the dinner party. Almost everybody gave an opinion, and mine was stridently  . ” He has tried to rein it in since then. “I think the subject became kind of toxic,” Mr. McInerney said. “We give a fair number of dinner parties out there, and Anne sort of cautioned me, ‘No politics.’ That’s never happened before. Usually, we do talk politics. A certain ‘don’t ask, don’t tell’ policy went into effect. ” Even among   party guests, the talk no longer flows as it used to during previous election cycles, instead devolving into   rants that can function as conversation killers. “It always comes up at some point,” said Wendy Goodman, a design editor at New York magazine who supports Hillary Clinton. “But even if people agree, I think this has been the most toxic, deranged campaign year I have ever known in my life. I think everybody is so beaten down by how depressing it is. ” Christophe Lirola, an investment banker in New York who supports Mr. Trump, has found himself in odd social situations because of his preference. He recalled a party at the Waverly Inn restaurant in Greenwich Village during which his boss sought him out on behalf of a guest who wanted to see a Trump supporter in the flesh, as if he were an exotic creature in the Manhattan wild. Mr. Lirola has also endured the awkwardness of finding himself among fellow party guests who come to realize he does not share their disdain for the Republican nominee. This happened recently, he said, when he was found himself among a group that included the socialite Lucy Sykes. “We were outside of the party, just catching some air, and they all started talking about the election, and it had just slipped her mind that I was supporting him,” Mr. Lirola said. “And then she just stopped herself and said, ‘Oh, my God, I’m so sorry.’ And I was like, ‘That’s O. K.’ That stuff happens. ” Asked if he found it difficult, when others in his circle assume he shares their views, Mr. Lirola said: “Well, no one wants to be called a racist. I’ve been called a racist because of this. Online and in person. ” Rachel Hruska MacPherson, a founder and the chief executive of the society and fashion website Guest of a Guest, bemoaned the effect of the campaign on the quality of social conversation. “My favorite thing is to go to a dinner party and talk about politics,” Ms. Hruska MacPherson said. “I love when there’s a healthy difference of opinion and it gets heated. In the past, everyone’s done this so respectfully, because we’ve had candidates who at least have had some substance. But this race has been unlike anything any of us have seen. ” She blames Mr. Trump for this side effect. “We want to talk about what Hillary’s campaign has done wrong,” Ms. Hruska MacPherson said. “Instead, he’s brought everyone down, and we’re forced to just rehash, like, ‘Can you believe it? ’” In that case, why not avoid the subject at social events? “We can’t help ourselves,” she said. “It’s the topic of conversation at every single thing I go to. ” The fashion publicist Bonnie Morrison has grown weary of all the campaign talk. “Everyone’s saying the same thing, and I think everyone has used their social media platforms to become pundits,” she said. “No one’s saying anything original. People are just baiting each other and trying to get reactions out of each other. There’s no real activism. What you actually had, I feel, with Obama is that people were really motivated to be involved. ” So what should people be doing instead of discussing the campaign? “People should be giving money to Haiti,” Ms. Morrison said. In previous campaign seasons, people interviewed for this article said, those who found themselves at different points on the political spectrum could voice their views with less risk of creating problems in social settings. Such is not the case this time around. The actor and director Lake Bell and her husband, the tattoo artist Scott Campbell, endured an awkward few days recently when a longtime friend of Mr. Campbell’s was staying at their Los Angeles home. The problem set in when the couple asked the houseguest to join them for their Sunday night ritual of watching “Last Week Tonight With John Oliver,” a show that consistently skewers Mr. Trump. “We retired to the comfy couches in the TV room with our   beverages and our kale popsicles that we pretend to like,” Ms. Bell said. “We said, ‘Do you watch John Oliver?’ And he’s like: ‘I’ve never heard about. Sounds interesting. I’d love to see it. ’” A few minutes into the show, they could sense something had gone awry. “We noticed he was getting really uncomfortable,” Mr. Campbell said of his friend, whom he has known since his youth in Texas and Louisiana. Ms. Bell tried to defend Mr. Oliver as an   satirist, to no avail. “At that point he got up and said, ‘Gosh, you know I’m feeling pretty tired and I feel like I might go to bed now, just because I don’t want my head to be clouded with all this kind of business before I go to sleep,’” Ms. Bell said. “So that was the polite sort of Southern gentleman way of excusing himself. ” As part of his work, Darren Walker, the president of the Ford Foundation, often attends social events with all kinds of people. Partly because of his experience in this regard, he has figured out how to defuse disagreements before they become standoffs. At a luncheon in Austin, Tex. where he had given a graduation speech for the University of Texas School of Law, he found himself seated next to a woman from South Texas. “She had the largest Rolex watch with diamonds I have ever seen,” Mr. Walker said. “And what happened was, she said: ‘Oh, you’re with the Ford Foundation? I’m sure I won’t agree with you on many things.’ And I said: ‘Actually, I’m sure we have lots in common. We both love our country. We both are proud to be Texans. And we’re both proud graduates of the University of Texas. ’” After having thus disarmed his tablemate, Mr. Walker managed to pull of a rare feat: a calm and candid conversation between ideological opponents. “It was a   conversation, punctuated by her sharing with me her views of why America is going to hell in a handbasket,” he said. “And my response was to try to understand her motivation. I genuinely wanted to understand how she and I saw things so differently. ” During the course of the conversation, the woman mentioned that her husband had warned her not to discuss politics in social situations. But Mr. Walker was glad she did, and his method may work for those who find themselves in a similar predicament in the days between now and Election Day. “I don’t think it’s helpful to vilify people you don’t agree with,” he said. “And I don’t see her as a villain. What I saw in listening to her was a privileged, white woman who is deeply disturbed by an America that looks less like her and more like me. “I can empathize with how threatening it must be to imagine an America that is more diverse. I said that to her. And she said: ‘I don’t have a problem with diversity. I just don’t like special treatment for some Americans over other Americans.’ It was a great conversation. And as she and I talked, she became more and more comfortable sharing things like that. ”",0
15225,Hamas Arrests Tunnel Owners for Smuggling Jihadists into Egypt,"Hamas has arrested owners of tunnels along the Egyptian border on suspicion of having allowed jihadists to cross into Egypt, jihadi sources in Gaza told Breitbart Jerusalem. [The detainees were the owners of privately owned tunnels that operate independently of the tunnel network that serves Hamas in their efforts to smuggle weapons into the Strip. The owners of the private tunnels collect customs and pay a fee to Hamas, the sources said.  Hamas’ special border force gathered the owners of the private tunnels and warned them that attempts to smuggle jihadists would result in arrests and fines and the seizure of their tunnels, the sources said. Hamas’ unusual step came in the wake of a landmark visit to Egypt by a Hamas delegation last month. As part of tighter cooperation with Egypt, Hamas has beefed up the deployment of troops along the border. The Arab media reported this week that Israel recalled its ambassador to Egypt a few weeks ago, apparently for security reasons. However, several Arab and Palestinian outlets claimed that it was to protest Egypt’s rapprochement with Hamas. Contacted by Breitbart Jerusalem, the spokesperson of the Egyptian embassy in Tel Aviv declined to comment on the issue.",0
15226,Re: End Time Persecution Is Here: Russia Just Banned Evangelism And China Has Torn Down 1000s Of Crosses,"Archives Michael’s Latest Video End Time Persecution Is Here: Russia Just Banned Evangelism And China Has Torn Down 1000s Of Crosses By Michael Snyder, on July 12th, 2016 
We always knew that this was coming. For years, the horrifying persecution of Christians in the Middle East has made headlines all over the globe, but now we are seeing very disturbing examples of government-sanctioned persecution literally all over the planet. As you will read about below, Russia just banned virtually all types of evangelism outside of a church or religious site. And China has been tearing down thousands of crosses and has been demolishing dozens of churches in a renewed crackdown on the growth of Christianity in that nation. Overall, there are 53 countries that now have laws that restrict the Christian faith according to one recent report. When are we going to wake up and realize what is happening? 
When I heard about the new law that was just passed in Russia, I was absolutely stunned. I was in Moscow just a few years after the Berlin Wall fell, and the people were very eager to hear about the Christian faith which had been brutally repressed under the Soviet regime for decades. 
Sadly, Russia has now decided to revert back to the old Soviet ways. This new law, which Vladimir Putin wanted, represents almost a complete and total ban on sharing the gospel … 
The law, which will come into force on July 20, will prohibit evangelism anywhere outside a church or religious site – including private homes and online – and those in breach of it will be fined . Only named members of religious organisations will be able to share their faith, and even informal witnessing between individuals is forbidden. 
According to the New York Times, this ban also includes “preaching and praying” that is done outside the boundaries of “officially recognized” religious institutions. 
In recent years, I have defended Russia in many of my articles. But there is no defending this. 
This new law is the single worst thing that Russia has done since the collapse of the Soviet Union, and they should be utterly ashamed of themselves. 
Meanwhile, government officials in China have launched a renewed crackdown on Christians as the underground church continues to grow like wildfire. 
According to some reports, the government has torn down more than 2,000 crosses in Zhejiang Province alone in recent months… 
More than two thousand crosses have now been forcefully removed from churches as part of a government campaign to regulate “excessive religious sites”. 
The nation’s leadership launched the crusade to eradicate Christianity in the coastal province of Zhejiang almost two years ago. 
Several members of the public have since been arrested for attempting to halt the government’s crude attempt to suppress the Christian faith. 
But sometimes government officials don’t stop there and decide to tear down an entire church. In fact, since the beginning of this year at least 49 churches have been destroyed in Zhejiang Province. Just recently , one group of believers defied the government and returned to their destroyed church to hold a worship service… 
Christian worshipers gather to worship among the ruins of their demolished church, defying the Communist Chinese government anti-Christian drive. These congregants in China’ Wenzhou, Zhejiang province conducted a prayer service despite their church building demolished by the government officials. 
Zhuyang Church, which was a government-sanctioned church, was routed as a part of an unprecedented church demolition drive. On May 20, the church was demolished by about 100 government officers took down the church building authorized despite the fact that it had the government authorization to operate. 
The church member said that the only reason the official could provide for church’ demolition was that the church was “transforming the villages in the city.” 
But even the churches that have been left standing in Zhejiang Province are also feeling the pain of the crackdown. According to China Aid, there is a new law that is forcing many churches “ to turn over all of their tithes and donations to state authorities “… 
The communist government of China’s Zhejiang Province is enforcing a new law that demands numerous churches to turn over all of their tithes and donations to state authorities. 
According to a nonprofit Christian organization dedicated to serving the persecuted Church in China, the officials of Pingyang County in Wenzhou are compelling members to give all of their churches’ income to state authorities. 
“The government officials will interfere with church affairs, managing our donations and some large-scale projects,” a source told China Aid . 
For so long, most Americans have considered the Chinese government to be our friend. But that is not true at all. The communist Chinese are a corrupt, wicked regime that has always been deeply anti-Christian. Anyone that believes otherwise has simply been deluded. 
Meanwhile, the persecution of Christians continues to intensify in many parts of Africa. Just recently, a mother of seven children was “ hacked to death ” by Islamic radicals in Nigeria for openly preaching the gospel of Jesus Christ… 
A Christian mother of seven was hacked to death by suspected Muslim radicals in Nigeria and her mutilated body was discovered in a pool of blood along with a Bible and megaphone she used to preach every morning. 
According to local reports , 41-year-old Eunice Olawale, a pastor at the Redeemed Christian Church of Nigeria and an evangelist, was murdered in the early morning hours on Saturday while she was out evangelizing near Nigeria’s capital of Abuja. 
Olawale’s husband, Olawale Elisha, told local media that his wife had left their home around 5 a.m. Saturday morning to preach in the neighborhood but she never returned home. 
Ever since the first century, Christians have been martyred for publicly preaching the gospel, and we were warned that this kind of terrible persecution was coming in the last days. 
Of course Christians in the Middle East don’t exactly need to hear about “the coming persecution” because they have been living it for many years. Christians are being tortured, beheaded and crucified by radical terror groups such as ISIS, and in other areas of the Middle East the persecution is being imposed on a national level by the government. For instance, just check out what is happening right now in Pakistan … 
“ The government of Pakistan has announced plans to force Islam on young people by making Quranic study compulsory for all school and college students , which is contrary to the country’s constitution and the Islamic precept that there should be no compulsion in religion. This is the latest escalation of the country’s bias against Christians, other minority faiths and non-believers,” said Peter Tatchell, Director of the human rights organisation, the Peter Tatchell Foundation. 
“Pakistani Christians, including children, are at risk of kidnapping, forced marriage and forced religious conversion to Islam. Some are also victims of blasphemy charges, which carry the death penalty. There are regular violent assaults on Christian families, homes, shops and churches. 
The persecution of the end times is here. 
All over the planet, the Christian faith is under assault. In the western world we may not have to face much violent persecution just yet, but our faith is relentlessly mocked, ridiculed and demonized on television, in the movies and on the Internet. Laws that are anti-Christian in tone and substance are regularly being passed, and many of our top politicians are not even pretending to be fair to us any longer. 
Just like in much of the rest of the world, we are starting to discover that there is a great price to be paid for following Jesus Christ. 
In Matthew 16, Jesus told us that if anyone would choose to follow Him, that individual should “d eny himself, and take up his cross, and follow me.” 
Are you ready to take up your cross? 
The persecution of Christians is only going to get worse in the years ahead, and in order to make it through what is coming we need to be ready to give up everything for Him. 
People were saying that Putin was Christian. This latest development suggests otherwise. Jim Davis 
He is a Russian nationalist and supports the Russian Orthodox Church and evangelical Christianity. I don’t agree with such a law, but I suspect the real target of the law may be Islam. GoldenGirl 
That is an interesting point (about Islam being the target), and would be worth investigating. RageHard84 
But, with this law, the Russian Orthodox Church won’t be able to evangelize non-Christian populations within Russia. Jim Davis 
He is a Russian nationalist and supports the Russian Orthodox Church and evangelical Christianity. I don’t agree with such a law, but I suspect the real target of the law may be Islam. James Dohnalek 
If we are part of the alien universe, this proves that we may be at the bottom of all beings in the world. Religion obliteration by elites is an outrage. End of days for sure. Jim Davis 
Putin is not obliterating the Russian Orthodox Church Jim Davis 
Putin is not obliterating the Russian Orthodox Church Dont Mention The War 
So she was set-upon by folks whilst she was preaching in the streets with her MEGAPHONE at 5AM on a SATURDAY morning. Not surprising everyone was sick to death of her. Jim Davis 
What should try to do sometime is attempt have a rational, logical discussion with one of these types. It’s quite entertaining. IsReal 
You should watch the atheist vs. Christian debates on YouTube. Atheists get exposed as fools! Jim Davis 
What should try to do sometime is attempt have a rational, logical discussion with one of these types. It’s quite entertaining. Paul Patriot 
Same thing in Muslim countries, Muslims pray early in the morning and can be heard all over town….very annoying, sounds like a hyeena or a sick child screaming. 
But, if a Christian wants to share the “only name under heaven in which man can be saved” she is violently murdered. 
A ….the “religion of peace” doing what it does best, murder those who disagree with you. Dont Mention The War 
I would posit that it probably had nothing to do with her religion; they were just fed up with her caterwauling with a megaphone at 5am every morning! iris 
Agree. The moderate Muslims are either apostates or hiding their intentions, according to former jihadist terrorists who have believed and received Christ Jesus. But it’s not politically correct for them to say so, even though they lived it and witnessed it. Bran Mak Morn 
And DHIMMIWATCH about DHIMMITUDE spreading in the west! I think Donald Trump is very right to go for an alliance with Russia against the Islamists and Islamic state! he should wipe them out in Syria and elsewhre and let not more Muslims come to European and other countries and USA. Fight Sharia whereever it tries to spread, like the British do in GB and UK now, they have to fight for their pure survival and freedom there against Muslim gangs and Islamists and crimes and corruptions! Fight Islamism worldwide! For example read JIHAD WATCH about it. And DHIMMIWATCH about DHIMMITUDE spreading in the west! I think Donald Trump is very right to go for an alliance with Russia against the Islamists and Islamic state! he should wipe them out in Syria and elsewhre and let not more Muslims come to European and other countries and USA. Fight Sharia whereever it tries to spread, like the British do in GB and UK now, they have to fight for their pure survival and freedom there against Muslim gangs and Islamists and crimes and corruptions! Fight Islamism worldwide! Be Still 
The more you persecute us. The more we grow. The Christian explosion is in Asia, China and India for example. When you see them banning it’s because the growth is exponential. Rhialto the Marvellous 
Persecution against Christians is happening in this very comment section. One commenter is trying his best to shut down the voice of God’s people by using ridicule and lies. Dont Mention The War 
Oh do grow up, it’s called a discussion! You should be happy people [can be bothered to] challenge/discuss your faith; it gives you an opportunity to think about things from another persons perspective if nothing else! GV 
awwww, poor delicate little snowflake, sounds like you need to grow a pair Washington Ervin 
I was wondering when this story would make news in the West. I read about this last week 
The stage is being set. K 
When some young people have been taught that Hitler and Stalin were Christians. That the inquisition, and crusades are strong examples of what Christians stand for. Can persecution be far away? To believe such lies, shows how easily they are manipulated. If such outrageous lies can be believed. What lie will they not believe? As once the Jews were made to wear yellow stars. We may yet be made to wear yellow Crosses. 
I would wear that yellow cross with pride. iris 
Me too, and a yellow star. K 
Bux and Iris, Amen. Hawk5000 
I read this and to me it is business as usual. Religion continues to be the most devices aspect of human society. www.tomatobubble.com 
Putin is only banning foreign spies and domestic traitors who want to use “evangelization” as a cover to subvert Russia. Good for him. GV 
that’s may be what the Chinese authorities are thinking too they have seen how the U.S. government uses NGOs to subvert governments www.tomatobubble.com 
I’m sure Chinese see through it too. homeport 
Putin is an egotistical former KGB thug who envisions a revitalized Russia with him as the “czar”. Christians have always been a thorn and threat to oppressive govts, from Rome to Nazi Germany to Soviet and post-Soviet Russia. This law will serve to intimidate Christians and strengthen the power that the “czar” craves. Ditto for the Chinese. www.tomatobubble.com 
Except you forgot to mention a little detail that Putin himself is a devout Christian. 
“Putin is an egotistical former KGB thug” That’s just pure unfounded drivel. True, he is a former low level KGB, that doesn’t make him a thug. 
Oh, and Nazi Germany wasn’t anti-Christian either. GV 
I see you’ve bought into the neo-con BS about Putin. The biggest threat to world peace (indeed survival of the planet) is the U.S. government GV 
and George H.W. Bush was head of the CIA (Criminals In America) DJohn1 
The problem with Putin and others is that they are provoking a huge return of people to the Christian Faith simply by denying them the right to practice their religious faith without persecution from the powers that be in that country or countries. I do not know what idiot in those countries came up with a plan to deny people the right to believe what they want but it works against Satan because people are very offended by this denial. This goes beyond a logical discussion of what to believe and what not to believe and places it squarely in the quarter of not playing by the rules. God has the right to take these people like Putin down and in God’s good time He will. So decisions are made by people to be Christian and if that means Satan ending their lives through these Satan people then according to the Faith itself they are assured a place in Heaven with Jesus Christ. These people will take no revenge because revenge is the Lord’s not ours to give. My own experience I have seen Satan’s people suffer plagues simply because of their actions against Christ’s people. Suddenly a cancer forms and rapidly kills them. None of which has anything to do with the persecuted. God on the other hand might have a lot to do with it. I am simply explaining the mentality that when Christians remove themselves from the revenge route what is likely to happen. The reward for those killed is Heaven and Immortality. I have perhaps 20 years left maybe. Could be 40. Even if it was, I will eventually die like every other person dies on this planet. Somewhere between birth and probably a max of 130 years, we all die. In the wisdom of Soloman of Proverbs fame, there is a time for everything. Satan has had much better results from allowing the Christians to do what they want. So in a way, this is crazy on his part. SO I can only conclude that someone under his control is doing this on their own. In the end, God, the alpha and the omega, controls everything. So one might ask God, why are you allowing this breech of the rules? And there are rules that not many people even understand. www.tomatobubble.com 
“The problem with Putin and others is that they are provoking a huge return of people to the Christian Faith simply by denying them the right to practice their religious faith without persecution from the powers that be in that country or countries.” 
No, the problem is you for being willfully ignorant of what’s really going on in Russia. Those “nice Christian” evangelists are not there to bring Jesus, but to overthrow the Russian govt and replace it with pro-Western tyrants, just like they did in Ukraine. Thank God Putin won’t let that happen. GV 
“…God has the right to take these people like Putin down and in God’s good time He will….” 
bilge, where was your “god” when Bush and Obama were committing war crimes? iris 
(: Yes, indeed, even the demons must serve and obey God. He always wins in the end. The contrast between good and evil and truth and falsehood somehow comes into brighter focus during times of persecution. Think it was Shakespeare who said, “Iron bars do not a prison, make”. jj 
Total disinformation and the manipulation of the facts! Synder has lost all credibility. GV 
“…This new law is the single worst thing that Russia has done since the collapse of the Soviet Union, and they should be utterly ashamed of themselves….” 
why don’t you report the Russian government’s rationale for the proposed law? Robert 
Putin is doing what the Russian Orthodox Church wants him to do. Too much modern evangelization is nothing more than easy belief and then live like you want to. Much deception . IsReal 
“modern” is an incorrect term to use, if you wanted to use Apostasy, that’s one thing. The old orthodox churches are in Apostasy, there has been much revelation pouring out, the spirit of God isn’t static but redeeming and restorative each day after repentance of sin. The Word is true and the rock, but the Holy Spirit is a living person, not some cross hanging on a wall. Linda 
This may be true about China. But I think you should do a bit more investigating with Russia. I recently read elsewhere: “The Russian Law does not halt the “preaching of the Gospel” or the preaching of the Gospel to any Russian. It does stop every cult and denominations that has created theologies that deny Jesus Christ, or offer a false christ, (anti-christ) and have turn into fronts of Cultural Marxism, the Gay Agenda and Chrislim.” 
And I think this should be taken in context with what is going on right now. Currently, Obama has soldiers and missiles sitting all around Russia and is rattling the chains tryig to start a war. As another poster mentioned, it is common CIA tactics to send NGO’s into countries to destabilize them, often on the pretext that they are “preaching the gospel,” when they are not. He has been begging world reporters to start reporting what is going on. I really don’t think he wants a nuclear war with the US. Obama? I wouldn’t doubt that this is his motive, just as he is trying to start a race war here. 
And I do believe that Putin has become a Christian. The number of churches in Russia has exploded in the last 10 years, and he should get some of the credit for that. Robert McMaster 
Add Scientology to the list. All these NGOs function in bad faith, sorry for the pun. Seize all their assets, expose all their documents and files. Putin doesn’t care if he or government policy is openly criticized on the level. But deceit and malice is the American Way. Justin 
And you shall know them by their fruits. So in the 2,000 years since Christ came can anyone name one righteous city in all the world? Cut it down He said to his servants because we know Him who said, “Vengeance is Mine!” Cast out the slave woman. Michael doesn’t understand; the blind leading the blind. Understand that it is the Lord himself doing this. These faithless children are being cast out and the nation is being given to another people. Tim 
Your comment doesn’t make sense. Jesus was referring to the nation of Israel in that parable. After 3 years that nation hadn’t produced fruit, so they were cut off. But the elect nation of Israel hasn’t been completely forsaken. Right now the Lord is taking out of the Gentiles a people for His name. When the fulness of the Gentiles has come in, the Lord will return to dealing with the nation of Israel. The Lord is using the Gentile nations to provoke Israel to jealousy. Read Romans 11. Justin 
“Though they swear, ‘As the Lord lives’ surely they swear falsely”. The reason you do not understand is that you worship a dead God. Tim 
I worship the triune God. He is the great I AM. He is the Alpha and Omega, the beginning and the ending, which is and which was and which is to come, the Almighty. He is from everlasting to everlasting. iris 
(: Me, too! Where would we be without His Love? Pandadude12345 
They aren’t Jealous. They are deluded into believing that they are still superior to us. iris 
No, they don’t trust the Christians in name only, like the Crusaders and Nazi Germans who posted Hitler’s photo in their church sanctuaries, the KKK, etc. Show them love and mercy and respect, like Paul says to do in Romans, if you really know Christ. Paul was Jewish and loved his people, Jesus was Jewish and loved His people. Imo, you speak for satan. I’m a Christian, and find you superior in arrogance, jerk, so don’t speak for me. Pandadude12345 
Mine was not jerky. You are just offended because I told the truth: your kind is deluded by satan into hating us goyim. The illusion that satan brought among your people has held well. Also, should we have just let our nations fall to the menaces of Islam and Communism? This is precisely what Hitler and the Crusaders wanted to do. DOUBT IT NOT! And honestly, with a little bit of convincing, your kind will cease their hatred amongst us. Think: 80% of your kind believes “THERE IS NO GOD” iris 
Sorry, I shouldn’t have called you a jerk. Think your statement was jerky, but we’re loved by God, despite our behaviors. (Hmm, that could apply to the nation of Israel and Jews, too, couldn’t it?) I do hope you read Romans 9, 10 and 11 again. Shalom. Justme 
In this war, sorry but just a thought i heard someone say, this is a good one for atheists who believe in evolution. If apes evolved into man, when was the last time they saw one evolving? Kent Harris 
Pulpits need to face persecution along with it’s congregants. How does sacrifice make the church better? It removes pretense and creates genuinous in the faith. When you say I risk it all, ultimately one’s faith becomes stronger. The Bible overflows with that very virtue. Be strong, be courageous for the Lord your God is with you. iris 
Amen! michael malachi 
Pretribulation believers, I guess that you missed your rapture, because the tribulation is here. You may want to deny it, but there are many around the world who are living tribulation today. You may say that tribulation has not begun, but tell that to the families of those who die as martyrs every day. You better be 100% committed, for you ever know when your time will come. iris 
I think many Christians are waking up to the probability of a mid or end trib rapture now. Suddenly, many well known evangelistic speakers and authors are now citing as tied into the tribulation period; the magnitude and severity of world wide economic crises, famine, death of great quantities of ocean fish, increasing seismic events of 6.0+, newly discovered diseases, violence and persecution of believers, (especially currently seen with IS), etc. I even think it possible that the 3.5 years could be a symbolic, rather than literal number. What if they stand for decades? More Christians have died for the name of Jesus in the last 30 years than in the last 2000 years combined. I don’t want to go outside of Scripture, but I also don’t want to assume that some doctrinal position has to be the correct interpretation, simply because it’s popular or current. SantosGarcia 
Please prayerfully consider with your Bible in hand, my “Last Days Series”… in 4 Parts; beginning with: https://zionsgate.wordpress.com/2011/10/16/the-day-of-christ-and-the-day-of-the-lord/ chriscas 
This sadly informative column should be sent to all those who say the Consecration of Russia to the Immaculate Heart of Mary has been done as our Lord wanted Sister Lucy, one of the Fatima visionaries denied it has been done properly. And Francis is more concerned about climate change so it won’t be done under his pontificate. Coming up next: the Annihilation of Nations!! JackerRaabit 
Mmmm. 
Should, say, the SDA be allowed in Russia? What about ‘churches’ where ‘God’ is a woman? ‘Jesus’ is a Black Lives Matter activist? What about the never-to-be-sufficiently-accursed Catholic Church? 
America’s so called ‘freedom of religion’ is flawed: atheists and non-Christians (where a Christian must read only the KJV, or the Textus Receptus Hebrew/Greek) should have been relegated to 2nd-class citizen status, and stripped of both 1st and 2nd amendment rights (just to start with). 
The alternative is America of today, a place where MOST ‘Christians’ will never see Heaven, and where the USA (as per its governmental and legal ACTIONS) has become the Left Hand of Satan on earth. 
So do lets wait and see: maybe Putin is simply… sane. GV JackerRaabit 
Says a Satanist. 
In the grand scale of things, even if you were correct about me, you are far worse than that. 
Burn in Hell, filth. 
F you with a rusty chainsaw, p.o.s. JackerRaabit 
I just love the way you poked holes in what I said, using sound reason… oh wait, the super-low IQ that made you a Satanist in the first place, precludes reasoning about anything, ever. GV 
r ght, anyone who doesn’t agree with WhackerRaabit’s st pidity is a satanist JackerRaabit 
Says the little retarded Satanist who can’t read or think too good. 
Don’t you have to go breed with your cousin, little Muslim? Shoo. GV 
Says the little retarded fascist who can’t read or think too well. 
Don’t you have to go breed with your sister, little WackerRaabit? Shoo. JackerRaabit 
Can’t even think up your own insults: pathetic. GV 
a , WhackerRaabit upset I used his own insult against him. 
well, you’ll get over it. 
now run along little WhackerRaabit and go play in traffic JackerRaabit 
Wow. You did it again. You really are a pathetic little tard. GV 
“…He is rapidly going towards becoming Russia’s Kim Jun Un….” 
bought into that neo-con BS, eh Julian Williams 
I am confused. Russia standing up for authentic, historical Christianity, is some how a persecution of Christianity? Does not make sense. GV 
“…Putin…is planning to nuke and EMP the USA….” 
uh, no, American neo-cons want to have a nuclear first strike against Russia",0
15227,"ZUMWALT: France — Where an Age of Enlightenment Once Flourished, Turbidity Now Reigns","Recent incidents in France are most telling about an Age of Enlightenment giving way, albeit centuries later, to an “Age of Turbidity. ”[  century Europeans sparked the Age of Enlightenment. Mankind —  motivated to move toward reason as the primary source of authority and legitimacy and away from traditional orthodoxies such as religion and absolute monarchy —  enjoyed tremendous benefits by doing so.  In France, particularly, challenges arose to the dogmas of the Catholic Church. Overcoming those challenges gave rise to many ideals we enjoy today such as liberty, progress, tolerance, constitutional government and separation of church and state. Sadly, these ideals are now being lost in a new age —  one of turbidity in which facts are hidden. As seen by this week’s attack in London, the Muslim perpetrator had been previously investigated over concerns about his “violent extremism” —  more accurately known as “radical Islam. ” Originally credited with seeding acceptance for an enlightening age, France now irresponsibly sows seeds of disenlightenment —  clouding individual cognitive thinking about the very ideals that made Western civilization and influence so great. Take the case of two of France’ s Muslim cultural heroes —  darlings of both the country’s leftist mainstream media and its Hollywood set. As popular news stories about Mehdi Meklat, a writer and documentary film producer, appeared in the French press, the U. S. mainstream media also portrayed him in a very positive light. The Washington Post last year noted Meklat, at 23, was already a celebrity, among “France’s youngest public intellectuals” who sees no point in a university education, whose world begins where Paris ends, whose works reveal an “overarching intent: showing the world the complicated reality of the Paris suburbs where  …    (he was) born and raised. ” The public was led to believe Meklat effectively had integrated into French life, earning Western tolerance himself as one contributing to society. But, last February, his image was severely tarnished as it was exposed to the light of truth. An unidentified Facebook user shared some of his tweets over the past several years, revealing a much different person than the human rights activist portrayed by the media. As for conservative presidential candidate Marine Le Pen, Meklat wrote, “I am going to slit your throat  . ” As for Jews, he called for Hitler’s return “to kill” them. As for former Charlie Hebdo    Charb before he was killed in the January 2015 terrorist attack, he wanted to “rape” him by shoving “Lagulole knives up his  …    ” As for white people, “they must die as soon as possible. ” As for movie legend Brigitte Bardot, he desired to sodomize her with light bulbs. These tweets paint the picture of a dangerous young psychotic who harbors a deep anger and resentment against all   and who would not hesitate to act out this hatred if in a position to do so. Yet he is held up by others to the public as an example of a cultural hero. For over five years, Meklat had been using the social media, often via a pseudonym, to inject hatred, intolerance and violence into discussions about all whom he found undeserving of life —  targeting gays, Jews, women, whites, etc. —  but never ISIS or other Islamic terrorists. After being exposed, Meklat immediately deleted over 50, 000 tweets, perhaps hoping the nightmare exposure of his true   would, with time, be forgotten. Meanwhile, after having made such threatening comments about others over the years, he now laments about living in fear for his life, undoubtedly blind to the hypocrisy of his having created similar fear for others. Meklat is not an isolated case in the French media and film industry where young Muslim artists muddy the waters of Western values with their own contrary ones yet are falsely portrayed as cultural heroes. Similar praise was heaped upon Houda Benyamina —  a   documentary film producer. Her film “Divines,” described as a “hate film against France,” criticized everything in the state including schools, police, fire and rescue, and the demonization of Muslim migrants who were targeted by a “French racist society” in which nobody understood “the beauty of their souls. ” At the French equivalent of the Oscars, Benyamina received Best First Film award and a standing ovation. It is doubtful among those standing were surviving members of a generation of French warriors who 72 years earlier courageously fought to free France of German occupation, well understanding freedom has its flaws. Unsurprisingly, Hollywood’s Golden Globes also nominated Divines for an award. But Benyamina too has been exposed to the light of truth, her tweets suggesting ISIS is a victim of Israeli and U. S. manipulation. Social media exposure also became a nightmare for Benyamina’s younger sister, Oulaya Amamra, who received Best Young Actress award for the same movie and was pictured with Meklat at the event. After her tweets revealed dozens of racist (“dirty  ”) and homophobic comments, she too raced to delete them. It is the likes of Meklat, Benyamina and Amamra and their ilk whom the media and France’s version of Hollywood tout as examples of “integrated” Muslims making contributions to Western society. During the Age of Enlightenment, there was a Latin phrase that came to symbolize this era. The phrase was “Sapere Aude” which, loosely translated, means “Dare to be wise” or “Dare to think for yourself. ” In the 21st century, as members of the media and entertainment industry seek to portray a story or support a cause that allows them to feel good, they often fail to think for themselves, making sure what they promote, in reality, really contributes to making the world a better place in which to live. Their irresponsibility in doing so, creating a culture in which democracy’s values are replaced by hatred, intolerance, and violence, will leave a future generation of historians calling our century the “Age of Turbidity. ” Lt. Colonel James G. Zumwalt, USMC (Ret.) is a retired Marine infantry officer who served in the Vietnam war, the U. S. invasion of Panama and the first Gulf war. He is the author of “Bare Feet, Iron Will —  Stories from the Other Side of Vietnam’s Battlefields,” “Living the Juche Lie: North Korea’s Kim Dynasty” and “Doomsday: Iran —  The Clock is Ticking. ” He frequently writes on foreign policy and defense issues.",0
15228,Turkey: Family Rejects Body of Russian Ambassador Assassin - Breitbart,"The body of the Turkish policeman who shouted “Allahu Akbar” after shooting and killing the Russian ambassador to Turkey last month remains unclaimed. His family has refused to accept his remains, the   Anadolu Agency has learned from judicial sources. [Anadolu Agency reports:  The sources, who spoke on condition of anonymity, said the Forensic Medicine Institute in Ankara completed an autopsy on the policeman’s body on Dec. 21. Since then no one has claimed the remains. According to the institute, the body of the assailant needed to be claimed within 15 days. Police findings show Altintas was linked to the Fethullah Terrorist Organization (FETO) the terrorist group behind Turkey’s failed July 15 coup attempt. The   TASS news agency in Russia contradicts this claim, reporting instead that Jabhat Fateh   (JFS) known as the   Syrian branch   Front before allegedly dropping its affiliation with international jihadist group, has claimed responsibility for the assassination. While JFS is no longer officially tied to   “most Western analysts dismiss JFS’s break with   as a feint, seeing it as a long game the jihadist group has been playing for some time across the Middle East and Africa,” according to Voice of America (VOA). Following the killing of the Russian diplomat, a   group distributed the list of Russian embassies, calling for attacks on them. The list surfaced through SITE Intelligence Group, which monitors jihadi activity online. Turkish President Recep Tayyip Erdogan has nonetheless repeatedly accused Islamic cleric Fethullah Gulen, who is in   exiled in the United States, of trying to overthrow his government and various other terrorist attacks in Turkey, as well as the failed coup against him in July 2016. Turkey considers the Gulen movement an official terrorist organization, known as FETO. Social media accounts affiliated with both Sunni rivals   and the Islamic State seized the opportunity of Altintas shouting “Allahu Akbar” during the assassination to celebrate and capitalize on their message of jihad but did not take responsibility for the action. Footage of the attack, translated by Shaheryar Mirza, reveals the attacker also yelled, “Don’t forget Aleppo, don’t forget Syria! You will not taste the safety unless our fields are safe! Only death can get me out of here. Whoever has a share in this tyranny will pay for it one by one!” Both Presidents Erdogan and Vladimir Putin of Russia have said they will not allow the terrorist attack to interfere with their relationship, recently mended after a turbulent year.",0
15229,Over 100 Arrested In Brutal Police Crackdown On Standing Rock ‘Water Protectors’,"| October 28, 2016 Be Sociable, Share! Police arrest an elder in ceremonial garb who was praying near Cannon Ball, N.D. (Photo: Unicorn Riot/Creative Commons) 
STANDING ROCK SIOUX RESERVATION, North Dakota — Law enforcement commenced a violent crackdown on Native American activists blocking construction on the Dakota Access pipeline on Thursday, resulting in over 100 arrests and multiple injuries. 
At least 107 people were arrested and both Native American “water protectors” and members of the media were harmed when hundreds of militarized riot police, accompanied by armored vehicles and the National Guard, stormed a blockade on North Dakota Highway 1806 and an accompanying encampment. 
Among the injured was Derrick Broze , an independent journalist reporting for MintPress News from the Standing Rock Sioux reservation this week. He was shot with pepper spray and shocked with a “less-lethal” taser. Police also took his smartphone, which he had been using to document the day’s events via Facebook Live. 
“Today was filled with tense moments as the Morton County Sheriff’s Department and other law enforcement moved to destroy the frontline camp in a militarized fashion,” Broze told MintPress News, using a borrowed smartphone. He continued: “The water protectors chose to set fire to several barricades on [county road] 134 and [North Dakota Highway] 1806 in an attempt to hold their line. Despite identifying as press several times, the police tasered and pepper sprayed myself and several others.” http://www.mintpressnews.com/wp-content/uploads/2016/10/Broze-Standing-Rock-2.mp4 
Two members of Unicorn Riot, an independent media collective, were also attacked by police, and Native American livestreamers reported being hit by rubber bullets. Report from the frontlines of the police suppression of #NoDAPL water protectors. @HennepinSheriff 's beating & macing ppl (incl our journos) pic.twitter.com/mop4pZQQwO 
— Unicorn Riot (@UR_Ninja) October 27, 2016 
Police claim that one of the arrests came after a woman fired a gun at police , but the water protectors continue to insist that they’ve remained nonviolent and unarmed throughout their months of activism. UPDATE: Police confirm ""one woman has been arrested for firing a weapon at the police line near Highway 1806."" #DAPL https://t.co/10gbqmvS0e pic.twitter.com/YZvlwsUj0Y 
— RT America (@RT_America) October 28, 2016 
In addition to pepper spray and stun guns, law enforcement used rubber bullets and an LRAD “sound cannon” on the assembled activists, which can cause permanent hearing damage at close range. An activist posted a picture of severe facial bruising reportedly caused by a rubber bullet. Other injuries of varying severity were reported via social media and confirmed by sources at the scene. Broken ribs head injures broken arms wrists leg injuries shrapnel wounds many youths brutalized as well as elders 
— Thunder Walks About (@notaxiwarrior) October 27, 2016 
Law enforcement agencies at the scene included representatives of the Morton County Sheriff’s Department, as well as reinforcements from the Hennepin County Sheriff’s Department, a Minneapolis-area force which continues to assist in North Dakota despite a rally at Minneapolis City Hall on Tuesday demanding their withdrawal from the state. #nodapl protest at Minneapolis city hall pic.twitter.com/gdrL5YjUeY 
— Fibonacci Blue (@FibonacciBlue) October 25, 2016 
Construction on the pipeline continued throughout the day, and is reportedly rapidly nearing completion. As police move-in w LRAD & hyper-militarized forces, #DakotaAccessPipeline construction continues unabated, nears sacred sites. #NoDAPL pic.twitter.com/egKhilg4NE 
— Unicorn Riot (@UR_Ninja) October 27, 2016 
“This is modern-day genocide against my people,” Wiyaka Eagleman, a Native American citizen journalist, said while broadcasting the events on Facebook live . Live feeds of the police raid frequently cut out, and on-the-ground sources reported that cellular phone signals appeared to be jammed. Often reported by journalists and activists at protests, cell-jamming by police is technically possible but remains unproven . ""This is modern day genocide to my people,"" declares Native livestreamer as #police attack water protectors. https://t.co/Tlfp20uZnI #NoDAPL 
— Kit O'Connell (@KitOConnell) October 27, 2016 
Broze reported that a group of buffalo, herded by Native riders, stampeded toward police. Police fired on the horses and their riders, reportedly injuring some of each. Cops assaulting water protectors @ Standing Rock boy shot off horse and Atsa E'sha Hoferer himself shot | #NoDAPL https://t.co/e0aT0NoSUX 
Over the weekend and throughout the beginning of the week, Native activists had expanded their encampments from Standing Rock Sioux territory onto land claimed by the company behind the Dakota Access pipeline, Energy Transfer Partners . The water protectors, however, claim that the land belongs to the Sioux under the terms of an 1851 treaty . The new encampments also bordered on a sacred burial ground where Dakota Access pipeline security personnel used attack dogs on activists on Labor Day. 
By Thursday evening, police, security and National Guard had completely overrun the region, pushing water protectors back onto the reservation and onto land claimed by the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers. 
In one of the most disturbing reports, confirmed by Broze and social media reports, a Dakota Access pipeline security guard reportedly drove his truck onto tribal lands, threatening to run down protesters, then brandished what appeared to be an AR-15 assault rifle in the Oceti Sakowin camp. A source in the camp told MintPress that the situation was eventually de-escalated by police under the Bureau of Indian Affairs. My friends on scene say this is the civilian who almost ran down at least 30 Natives with a car. It's open season on our people. #NoDAPL pic.twitter.com/W2lWyZlYAn 
— Kelly Hayes (@MsKellyMHayes) October 27, 2016 
Teepees, a sweat lodge, and other sacred items were also destroyed by police. 
“Police showed no respect for the native people or their culture,” Broze said. http://www.mintpressnews.com/wp-content/uploads/2016/10/Broze-Standing-Rock.mp4 
As night set in, the situation appeared to be escalating further. Broze reported : “Riot police have raided resistance camps and are still firing tear gas at protesters north of Red Warrior camp on 1806. Protesters have set an SUV on fire as a barricade on the bridge there. They are also setting the bridge on fire.” Be Sociable, Share!",0
15230,White House Asks Congress To Include Obama Executive Branch Abuse of Investigative Authority As Part of Russian Probe,"White House Press Secretary Sean Spicer tweeted on Sunday that reports revealing the Obama Administration ordered intelligence gathering of the Trump campaign ahead of the 2016 presidential election is “troubling. ”[“Reports concerning potentially politically motivated investigations immediately ahead of the 2016 election are very troubling,” Spicer tweeted on Sunday. “President Trump is requesting that as part of their investigation into Russian activity, the congressional intelligence committees will exercise their oversight authority to determine whether executive branch investigative powers were abused in 2016. ”  Breitbart News reported extensively on the Obama administration’s efforts to undermine President Donald Trump candidacy, including the Obama administration filing a request to the Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Court (FISA) to monitor communications involving Donald Trump and several advisers. That request was denied. CBS falsely reported on Sunday that the White House statement said a Congressional investigation would “include” the Obama administration’s intelligence activities. “JUST IN: White House statement: Congressional investigation will include “whether executive branch investigative powers were abused in 2016,” CBS tweeted on Sunday. Spicer said the White House was requesting this be included in any investigation.   ",0
15231,The Glorious Achievement of Zipping Up a Sweatshirt - The New York Times,"Jose Alvarez has trouble sleeping. It is the pain from his back injury. It is the stress of paying the bills. It is the worry that his daughter will never live a normal life. Mr. Alvarez’s life changed in 2005, when a car backed into him on 24th Street between Eighth and Ninth Avenues in Manhattan. Mr. Alvarez, now 63, was working as a boiler mechanic and welder at a few buildings on the street. Since the injury, he has been unable to work, because of herniated disks in his back. A quick jerk or movement sends Mr. Alvarez into excruciating pain. Without a job, he relies on his mechanical worker’s pension and Social Security disability benefits. “I don’t feel like a man anymore,” he said. “I don’t have a lot of movement, and the doctor says I should not pick up any more than 12 pounds. ” His limited mobility has proved especially difficult because his    daughter, Kenerly, has Down syndrome. Kenerly was born in Santo Domingo, the capital of the Dominican Republic. When Mr. Alvarez and his wife, Yuny, found out that she had Down syndrome, they were shocked and devastated. “I cried,” Ms. Alvarez, 41, said. “I knew something was wrong when they didn’t bring me the baby right away. ” The parents knew they would need to move to New York, where they would have access to better health care for Kenerly. The problem was getting into the country. For years, Mr. Alvarez, who had initially moved to New York to work and send money back to his family, tried to gain entry for his wife, whom he had met during one of his trips home. But immigration authorities questioned the legitimacy of their marriage, until January 2014, when the couple was able to move to New York, Mr. Alvarez said. Leaving their entire support system behind in the Dominican Republic, Ms. Alvarez and Kenerly moved into Mr. Alvarez’s home, which was the back half of a     apartment in Washington Heights, in Upper Manhattan. The family owns the back bedroom and living room but shares a kitchen with   neighbors. For the first few years of his daughter’s life, Mr. Alvarez was Kenerly’s primary caretaker during the day because his wife works as a home attendant. With Mr. Alvarez injured and Kenerly struggling to walk and climb stairs, father and daughter had to stay inside until Ms. Alvarez returned home. Everyday tasks, such as changing her diaper and feeding Kenerly, are a struggle. She is not fully   and still uses diapers. It is difficult for Mr. Alvarez to lift her onto the toilet, and for a while she would use the bathtub instead. “I do things even though it’s hard,” he said. Unable to lift her into a highchair, Mr. Alvarez had to improvise. “It was hard for me to pick her up,” he said. “So I had to teach her how to get up there by herself. ” But Mr. Alvarez had help teaching his daughter to climb into the chair. In September last year, the family found Kennedy Child Study Center, an agency affiliated with the Catholic Charities of the Archdiocese of New York. Kenerly, who receives physical and occupational therapy through the center, which helps children with developmental delays, is learning to climb stairs and can now use a spoon to feed herself. “It takes a lot of pressure off me having the school and feeling like I’m not the only person who can take care of my child,” Mr. Alvarez said. But with the added costs of Kenerly’s diapers and food, he still worries about paying the bills and even the rent. The couple receives about $2, 500 a month total in benefits and in Ms. Alvarez’s pay. “Sometimes we have to be late on the rent,” Mr. Alvarez said. “It’s hard, but we have to do it. ” Catholic Charities, one of the eight organizations supported by The New York Times’s Neediest Cases Fund, used $297 to pay for diapers, wipes and clothes for Kenerly. Kenerly, sporting her new     Minnie Mouse   sweatshirt, showed off her newfound skills by unzipping the jacket, something she was unable to do until she started going to Kennedy Child Study Center. She then went straight into the bedroom and emerged with her mother’s makeup. She climbed up on the reclining chair and began to apply it to her face. “She’s a very special child,” Ms. Alvarez said. “She has a lot of personality. ” But Mr. Alvarez still worries about Kenerly as she grows up. “Will she be able to work? Make money? I often can’t sleep thinking about this,” he said. “Will she ever get married? Have children?” Kenerly is drawn to her father. It is as though being stuck in their apartment all that time allowed them to form a particularly close bond. She often climbs out of her crib near her parents’ bed and over her mother and snuggles up next to her father. “I love her so much,” Mr. Alvarez said, holding back tears. “You can’t imagine how much I love her. I have her in my heart and soul. ”",0
15232,Megyn Kelly Could Be Out-Is Judge Jeanine Her Replacement At Fox News?,"Previous Next Megyn Kelly Could Be Out-Is Judge Jeanine Her Replacement At Fox News? 
Although, as of this printing, nothing is official, but numerous rumors are swirling on New York City talk radio circles that F ox News is planning to replace Megyn Kelly with Justice Jeanine Pirro due to plummeting ratings and a total loss of credibility with Fox viewers. 
Kelly’s most recent fall from grace came when Newt Gingrich eviscerated her on her own show over her biased coverage of Donald Trump’s alleged issues, while almost totally ignoring Hillary Clinton’s sociopathic and criminal behaviors. 
This past Tuesday night on Fox News, host Megyn Kelly provoked Donald Trump supporter Newt Gingrich into a rage by insisting that Trump’s alleged history of sexual predation is a story worth covering. Gingrich, told Megyn Kelly that “ You are fascinated by sex and you don’t care about public policy. ” He followed up that outburst by demanding that Kelly repeat his words about Bill Clinton: “I want to hear you use the words, ‘ Bill Clinton, sexual predator .’ Say, ‘Bill Clinton, sexual predator. ’ ” Being that it was her show and she control the microphone, Kelly ended the interview ended with Kelly telling Gingrich, “ You can take your anger issues and spend some time working on them .” Fireworks on FAUX NEWS! Further, this shift accentuates the fact that Trump is leading Clinton by an overwhelming majority and Kelly has aligned with the losing side and it is going to cost her the coveted career that she has worked all of her life to obtain. 
Since the Gingrich interview, Kelly’s already declining ratings, the result of her incessant Trump bashing, took a nose dive into the toilet and emptied out into the local sewer. Megyn Kelly is not likely to recover from the fact that she has been exposed as a Clinton supporter and denier of her crimes. Look for Judge Jeanine Pirro to take her place in the 9-10 PM Eastern time slot. Meanwhile, Sean Hannity’s ratings continue to climb for all the obvious reasons. 
The Trump crowd has spoken, Megyn Kelly is on the wrong side of history.",0
15233,Historian John Heiser on Why Soldiers of Gettysburg ’Came Back Again and Again’,"Historian John Heiser from the Gettysburg National Military Park joined Breitbart News Daily SiriusXM host Alex Marlow to discuss the historic battle and its legacy on Monday for the show’s special Memorial Day episode. [The park’s website states:  The Battle of Gettysburg was a turning point in the Civil War, the Union victory that ended General Robert E. Lee’s second and most ambitious invasion of the North. Often referred to as the “High Water Mark of the Rebellion,” Gettysburg was the Civil War’s bloodiest battle and was also the inspiration for President Abraham Lincoln’s immortal “Gettysburg Address. ” Heiser reflects on the battle itself, as well as its significance to the United States over time. The national cemetery sprang as much, if not more, from the soldiers who fought there returning time and again, as it did from some national effort to establish a monument. “The opportunities for the South to win that summer were never as high as before and never would be as high again. I think that’s why Gettysburg is so highly regarded not just by historians, but even by the veterans. The soldiers who fought here came back again and again and again. They’re the ones who gave it that label, the   mark of the Confederacy. ” Heiser also discusses Lincoln’s Gettysburg address. “What the president was trying to do,” said Heiser, “was revitalize the Union effort, rejuvenate the American spirit, especially those in the North. Why are we fighting this war? Why are so many young men, fathers, sons now dead on the battlefield lying in what will be national cemeteries? How do we remember their sacrifice? I think that’s why it was so important and why he accepted the invitation to come that fall. ” Breitbart News Daily airs on SiriusXM Patriot 125 weekdays from 6:00 a. m. to 9:00 a. m. Eastern. LISTEN: ",0
15234,Israel Wonders How Long Netanyahu Can Back Settlements and Two-State Solution - The New York Times,"JERUSALEM  —   For years, Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu of Israel, a conservative, has played a double act, competing domestically with his   rivals in backing the settlement project all over the occupied West Bank while professing support for a   solution with the Palestinians. Now, with the stinging United Nations Security Council resolution on Friday condemning Israeli settlement construction as lacking any legal validity, Israeli politicians and analysts on the right, on the left and in the political center say Mr. Netanyahu’s game may soon be up. The Israeli right, feeling empowered by the advent of the Trump administration, which is expected to be more sympathetic to Israel’s current policies, is pushing Mr. Netanyahu to abandon the idea of a Palestinian state alongside Israel, long considered the only viable solution to the conflict. Naftali Bennett, the leader of the   Jewish Home party in Mr. Netanyahu’s governing coalition, with whom Mr. Netanyahu and his Likud Party compete for votes, is goading him to take on more extreme positions like annexing parts of the West Bank, adding to a sense in Israel that the real Mr. Netanyahu may have to stand up and decide which side he is on. “He has to choose between the international community and Bennett,” said Shlomo Avineri, a professor of political science at the Hebrew University of Jerusalem. “It is not an easy choice, but he has to make a choice,” Professor Avineri said, adding: “Is Israel going to alienate itself from the whole world for the sake of settlement activity? And it is the whole world. Is this what Zionism is about?” For a second consecutive day on Sunday, Mr. Netanyahu denounced the departing Obama administration, publicly accusing it of having orchestrated Friday’s Security Council resolution, despite denials from Washington. The United States refrained from using its veto power, as it had done many times before to shield Israel, and abstained in the    vote. “From the information that we have, we have no doubt that the Obama administration initiated it, stood behind it, coordinated on the wording and demanded that it be passed,” Mr. Netanyahu said at the start of the weekly cabinet meeting. Referring to the American secretary of state, Mr. Netanyahu added, “As I told John Kerry on Thursday, friends don’t take friends to the Security Council,” and he said he was looking forward to working with   Donald J. Trump’’s administration when it takes office next month. The Foreign Ministry summoned ambassadors of countries that had voted in favor of the resolution for personal meetings with ministry officials in Jerusalem, despite the Christmas holiday, which some of those countries celebrate. In a highly unusual move, Mr. Netanyahu, who is also the foreign minister, summoned the American ambassador to Israel, Daniel B. Shapiro, for a meeting on Sunday night. Mr. Netanyahu also instructed his ministers to reduce their diplomatic activities and contacts with counterparts from the countries that had voted for the resolution for the next three weeks, until the American administration changes, and to minimize travel to those countries, according to Israeli news reports. In an additional step, the defense minister, Avigdor Lieberman, instructed Israel’s agencies to suspend contact with Palestinian Authority representatives on some unspecified civil matters, though the measure was not supposed to affect security coordination or meetings about water, agriculture and the economy. With the Israeli occupation in its 50th year and the peace process frozen, Saeb Erekat, a senior Palestine Liberation Organization official and the Palestinians’ veteran negotiator, called on Israel “to seize the opportunity, to wake up, to stop the violence, to stop settlements and to resume negotiations. ” Mr. Netanyahu says he is ready for negotiations anytime, but with no preconditions. The Security Council vote seemed to have caught Israel off guard. “I hope for Netanyahu’s sake (and also for ours) that he knows the truth at least deep in his heart  —   it was the chronicle of a failure foretold,” Ben Caspit, a political commentator, wrote in the Maariv newspaper on Sunday. Many commentators said the Security Council vote partly reflected a history of conflict between Mr. Netanyahu and President Obama over the settlements and Mr. Netanyahu’s anger over the Iranian nuclear deal. They also pointed to Mr. Netanyahu’s increasingly vocal backing of the settler cause. That includes his advancement of highly contentious legislation, known as the Regulation Bill, that would retroactively legalize settler outposts and homes built on privately owned Palestinian land and force the owners to accept compensation. Mr. Netanyahu and his attorney general had warned that the bill, which recently passed a first reading in Parliament, contravenes international law and could land Israeli officials in the defendant dock of the International Criminal Court in The Hague. “After he said it, he rushed to vote in favor of the bill. Why?” Mr. Caspit wrote. “Because of Bennett. The fear of the possibility that he would not be able to siphon seats from Bennett next time on Election Day caused him to act like a   grocery owner, instead of a national leader. ” Tzipi Livni, a former Israeli foreign minister and a leader of the   Zionist Union, wrote on Facebook after the Security Council vote, “The Security Council decision is bad for Israel and it is the result of Netanyahu’s surrender to the extreme right. ” Even Haggai Segal, a prominent settler and the editor in chief of a   newspaper, Makor Rishon, wrote in recent months that the Regulation Bill had “no chance” because it would be invalidated by Israel’s Supreme Court and would be used by the International Criminal Court “to incriminate Israel for war crimes. ” Mr. Segal, who served jail time as a member of the Jewish Underground that maimed and killed Palestinians in the 1980s, wrote this summer, “The wise thing now is to make do with what it is possible to do, and not lose it all by insisting on impossible goals. ” Mr. Bennett did not seem deterred. In a statement to reporters on Sunday at the Western Wall in the Old City in East Jerusalem, Mr. Bennett said, “It’s time to decide between two alternatives: surrendering our land or sovereignty. ” He added that steps would be taken in the near future to try to apply Israeli law in Judea and Samaria, the biblical terms for the West Bank. But some Israelis were skeptical that Mr. Netanyahu, in his third consecutive term in office, and fourth over all, would choose one side over the other. “Bennett knows that Netanyahu is not going to make a decision,” said Shmuel Sandler, a professor of political science at   University, near Tel Aviv. “He may say he will go with both. So far, it worked. It is easier for Bennett because he is not the prime minister. Netanyahu wants to enjoy both of the worlds. ”",0
15235,Donald Trump Faces Obstacles to Resuming Waterboarding - The New York Times,"WASHINGTON  —   In the first few months of Donald J. Trump’s presidency, if recent history is any guide, intelligence officials will meet to discuss a terrorism suspect living abroad. This suspect might become the next target for the nation’s    drone force. Or maybe, Mr. Trump’s advisers could decide, he is worth trying to capture. Under President Obama, security officials have followed a familiar script once they have taken someone into custody. They ask an allied country to conduct the interrogation, or instead question the suspect aboard an American warship using military interrogation techniques, then turn him over to the Justice Department for prosecution in a civilian court inside the United States. Mr. Trump campaigned on a promise to bring back waterboarding, a banned method previously used by C. I. A. interrogators, and allow unspecified practices he called “a hell of a lot worse. ” The   said in an interview last week that he had heard compelling arguments that torture was not effective, though it is not clear whether he intends to retreat from his position. If he moves ahead to fulfill his campaign pledge, it will not be easy. Federal law, international pressure and resistance from inside the C. I. A. stand in his way. Even if he overcomes those obstacles, the toll of America’s agonizing treatment of captives has left a legacy of harm that will make it harder for Trump administration lawyers to justify resuming use of the tactics. Dozens of prisoners developed persistent psychological problems after enduring torture and other brutal interrogation tactics in secret C. I. A. prisons or at the military detention center in Guantánamo Bay, Cuba, The New York Times has reported. In authorizing waterboarding, dousings with ice water, sleep deprivation and other techniques more than a decade ago, government lawyers reasoned that there would be no lasting damage to prisoners, a key factor in concluding the tactics did not qualify as torture. That argument would be difficult to make now, according to lawyers and former intelligence and other government officials. “The entire legal landscape has changed,” said Daniel Jones, a former F. B. I. analyst and the primary author of a 2014 Senate report that condemned   enhanced interrogation techniques and found them ineffective in producing intelligence. “The publicly known facts now are just too conclusive and widely known,” he added, “to call for a return to waterboarding. ” Alex Whiting, a Harvard Law School professor and former war crimes prosecutor, said much has changed since 2002, when Justice Department lawyers accepted C. I. A. assurances that there would be no   consequences for prisoners. “Evidence showing that the techniques employed by U. S. officials after   resulted in lasting psychological trauma will make it much more difficult for future lawyers to sanction these techniques as not amounting to torture,” he said. Even lawyers and former senior officials who supported the interrogation program years ago now say the obstacles are too great. “Restarting this would be extraordinarily difficult,” said John Rizzo, who served as the C. I. A. ’s top lawyer during much of President George W. Bush’s administration. Mr. Obama, in one of his first acts as president, issued an executive order banning many of the harshest interrogation techniques and prohibiting the C. I. A. from running secret prisons. Mr. Trump would need to rescind that executive order as a first step. That would allow the C. I. A. to once again open secret prisons overseas. The interrogation tactics, though, would still be limited. Congress overwhelmingly enacted a law last year that allowed American interrogators to use only those techniques authorized in the Army Field Manual, which does not include harsh coercive methods. Trump administration lawyers could try to get around that prohibition by arguing that the president has broad constitutional power as commander in chief to decide how to interrogate prisoners and that Congress cannot tie his hands. That claim served as the foundation of the Bush administration’s torture program, even though many legal specialists later denounced it as going too far. Mr. Trump could also order the Defense Department to revise the Army Field Manual to authorize harsher techniques. “If the order comes down the chain of command in the Pentagon to revise that document and add in an opening to use   techniques, what prospect would there be for resistance to that decision?” said Robert M. Chesney, a professor at the University of Texas School of Law. “That’s a moral and ethical and political choice. ” Such a change would almost certainly set up a showdown with Congress about the law’s intent. When lawmakers passed it last year, they required a periodic review of the field manual to ensure that interrogations “do not involve the use or threat of force. ” Any such efforts to allow use of brutal treatment would mean taking on Senator John McCain, who was subjected to horrific abuses decades ago as a prisoner of war in North Vietnam and has been an outspoken opponent of any American use of such treatment. Mr. McCain, Republican of Arizona, has pledged since the election to stop Mr. Trump from trying to circumvent congressional   restrictions. “I don’t give a damn what the president of the United States wants to do, or anybody else wants to do. We will not waterboard,” Mr. McCain said. “We will not torture. ” Senator Jack Reed of Rhode Island, the highest ranking Democrat on the Senate Armed Services Committee, said in an interview that he and Mr. McCain, the committee’s chairman, are confident that the statutory restrictions on the use of torture are strong. “The chairman and myself have made it very clear our position, and we feel we have the law with us. ” Even if Mr. Trump could find a legal workaround to this law, he would have to address international treaties requiring humane treatment of prisoners. When it established the interrogation program, the Bush administration relied in part on theories that those treaties did not apply to American conduct in overseas prisons. But legislation in 2005 and 2006 and a landmark Supreme Court ruling in 2006 tightened that potential loophole. Still, Mr. Trump’s lawyers could revive the Bush era claims of executive power to bypass treaty constraints. Other obstacles also stand in the way of a new C. I. A. interrogation program. The fallout from the old program took a personal toll on senior C. I. A. officers who were subjected to years of investigations and worried about criminal prosecution. The opposition to a return to brutal methods is so strong at the agency that Michael Hayden, a former C. I. A. director, says Mr. Trump should “bring his own bucket” if he wants to bring back waterboarding, which induces the sensation of drowning. Mr. Trump will also find health professionals far more reluctant to participate than they were years ago, when psychologists helped develop tactics for interrogations and supervised sessions. In 2015, the American Psychological Association banned involvement by psychologists in national security interrogations. The American Medical Association and the American Psychiatric Association have strict   prohibitions. At the Pentagon, a medical ethics task force last year recommended new rules that would allow American military health care personnel to avoid involvement in activities like interrogations that violate their conscience or the ethical standards of their professions. The rules have not yet been formally accepted and put into place, said Adil E. Shamoo, a professor at the University of Maryland School of Medicine and chairman of the medical ethics subcommittee for the Defense Department’s health advisory board. But the recommendations nonetheless reveal the depth of the opposition to a return to the use of torture. “The view of the medical profession is so clear now,” said Leonard Rubenstein of the Berman Institute for Bioethics at Johns Hopkins University. “There is no ambiguity anymore about what the rules are. ” Mr. Trump would most likely also find it harder to find international partners willing to host secret prisons. Criminal investigations were conducted in Poland and Lithuania over secret C. I. A. prisons there. And while the inquiries did not lead to prosecutions, they could have a chilling effect on future cooperation. Italian prosecutors won convictions in absentia of more than 20 Americans involved in a 2003 C. I. A. abduction of a terrorism suspect from Italy to Egypt for interrogation. A court in Portugal, where one of the Americans lives, ruled this month that she could be extradited to Italy. A prosecutor with the International Criminal Court announced several weeks ago that there was a “reasonable basis” to open investigations into war crimes of torture and related   in detention facilities run by the United States military and the C. I. A. in Afghanistan. While the United States is not bound by the court, Afghanistan is a member, and a lengthy investigation into American actions there could make it much less likely that Afghanistan would allow the C. I. A. to set up secret prisons again. Nathaniel A. Raymond, director of the Signal Program on Human Security and Technology at Harvard University’s Humanitarian Initiative, said of the C. I. A.: “The location shell game they used before has collapsed. ” In recent years, the Obama administration has used criminal courts in the United States to prosecute those accused of terrorism, convicting a Somali man linked to Al Qaeda, two men fighting for the Shabab, a   suicide bomber aboard an airplane and others. Ahmed Abu Khatalla, who is suspected of being the ringleader of the 2012 attacks that killed four Americans in Benghazi, Libya, is scheduled to stand trial in Washington next year. None of this is to say that, when Mr. Trump has an opportunity to capture a terrorism suspect, he has no choice but to follow Mr. Obama’s script. His administration could start sending prisoners to Guantánamo Bay again, which held close to 700 men at its peak and is now down to 60. While American counterterrorism officials say key foreign partners will not share intelligence or otherwise participate in operations that result in sending prisoners to Guantánamo, nothing would legally preclude it. After months of telling Americans that he would bring back waterboarding  —   “Believe me, it works,” he said  —   Mr. Trump may be reconsidering his stance. In an interview with The New York Times last Tuesday, his only comments on the issue since the election, Mr. Trump said he discussed the matter with James N. Mattis, a retired Marine Corps general who is under consideration for defense secretary. Like most American military leaders, he is opposed to the use of torture. “I said, ‘What do you think of waterboarding?’ ” Mr. Trump said. “I was surprised. He said, ‘I’ve never found it to be useful.’ He said, ‘I’ve always found, give me a pack of cigarettes and a couple of beers and I do better with that than I do with torture.’ And I was very impressed by that answer. ” But Mr. Trump did not close the door entirely. If Americans feel strongly about bringing back waterboarding and other tactics, he said, “I would be guided by that. ”",0
15236,Court Approved Wiretap on Trump Campaign Aide Over Russia Ties - The New York Times,"WASHINGTON  —   The Justice Department obtained a secret   wiretap last summer on Carter Page, a foreign policy adviser to Donald J. Trump’s presidential campaign, based on evidence that he was operating as a Russian agent, a government official said Wednesday. The Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Court issued the warrant, the official said, after investigators determined that Mr. Page was no longer part of the Trump campaign, which began distancing itself from him in early August. Mr. Page is one of several Trump associates under scrutiny in a federal investigation. The Justice Department considered direct surveillance of anyone tied to a political campaign as a line it did not want to cross, the official added. But its decision to seek a wiretap once it was clear that Mr. Page had left the campaign was the latest indication that, as Mr. Trump built his insurgent run for the White House, the F. B. I. was deeply concerned about whether any of his associates were colluding with Russia. To obtain the warrant, the government needed to show probable cause that Mr. Page was acting as an agent of Russia. Investigators must first get approval from one of three senior officials at the Justice Department. Then, prosecutors take it to a surveillance court judge. And though the Trump administration has said Mr. Page was a bit player who had no access to the candidate, the wiretap shows the F. B. I. had strong evidence that a campaign adviser was operating on behalf of Moscow. Both Mr. Trump and Mr. Page have called the investigation a “witch hunt” and said it was cooked up by their political rivals for speaking out against President Barack Obama’s policies. On Tuesday, Mr. Page said in an email that it “will be interesting to see what comes out when the unjustified basis for those FISA requests are more fully disclosed over time,” using shorthand for the court. The F. B. I. declined to comment. James B. Comey, the F. B. I. director, has described the hurdles to obtaining an intelligence wiretap as a “rigorous, rigorous process. ” The wiretap of Mr. Page was reported by The Washington Post. The revelation followed months of speculation about such warrants against associates of Mr. Trump, an idea that was broached in November by Heat Street, a news and entertainment website that cited a pair of unnamed sources with “links to the counterintelligence community” in its report. Heat Street was founded by Louise Mensch, a former Conservative member of the British Parliament who emerged as a fierce critic of Mr. Trump, and it is owned by Rupert Murdoch’s News Corporation, which publishes The Wall Street Journal and The Times of London. The official who confirmed the warrant against Mr. Page did so on the condition of anonymity because intelligence wiretaps are classified. The official was not aware of any instances in which an active member of Mr. Trump’s campaign was directly surveilled by American   or spy agencies, though some Trump associates were swept up in surveillance of foreign officials. That assertion was in line with previous statements by Obama administration officials, including James R. Clapper Jr. the former director of national intelligence, who said during a March 5 appearance on NBC’s “Meet the Press” that the surveillance court issued no warrants either for the president or his campaign staff. “For the part of the national security apparatus that I oversaw as D. N. I. there was no such wiretap activity mounted against the   at the time, or as a candidate, or against his campaign,” Mr. Clapper said. As part of the investigation, American intelligence agencies have examined wiretapped communications and phone records. Among those intercepts were conversations among Kremlin officials about contacts with people close to Mr. Trump, including Mr. Page, according to current and former American security officials. A spokesman for Mr. Clapper did not respond for requests for comment. A spokesman for the Office of the Director of National Intelligence declined to comment. Mr. Page, a former   investment banker for Merrill Lynch who later founded an investment company in New York called Global Energy Capital, has been on the F. B. I. ’s radar screen for years. In early 2013, he met with a Russian intelligence officer posing as a banker in New York. The Russian agent was part of an espionage ring the F. B. I. had been investigating, and court records indicate that the spy tried to recruit Mr. Page. That year, the F. B. I. interviewed Mr. Page, who said he did not know he had met with a Russian intelligence officer. Last July, while working as an adviser to Mr. Trump, who accepted the Republican nomination for president later that month, Mr. Page traveled to Moscow and criticized American foreign policy toward Russia in a speech at the New Economic School, a university. The address in Moscow and Mr. Page’s contacts with Russians raised alarm bells anew within the F. B. I. Later that month, the agency opened its counterintelligence investigation into whether any of Mr. Trump’s associates had colluded with Russians to influence the election. Late last year after the election, Mr. Page traveled to Moscow again and said he was there to meet with “business leaders and thought leaders. ” Former and current federal investigators say he would most likely have remained of interest to Russian intelligence because of his links to the Trump administration. Mr. Page said on CNN on Wednesday that he was not a foreign agent. “Until there’s full evidence and a full investigation has been done, we just don’t know,” Mr. Page said. He repeatedly declined to answer questions about whether he had been interviewed by the F. B. I. adding that he had “nothing to say about any ongoing investigations. ” The probe has been a political distraction for the Trump administration since before Inauguration Day. After denying that any of his associates had Russian contacts, Mr. Trump saw a steady string of news accounts revealing such encounters. His national security adviser, Michael T. Flynn, was forced to resign over misleading comments he made about his conversations with the Russian ambassador to the United States, Sergey I. Kislyak. And Attorney General Jeff Sessions, who also advised Mr. Trump’s campaign, recused himself from the Justice Department investigation in response to questions about his own contacts with Mr. Kislyak. According to court records, Mr. Page had been looking to make money in Russia, and Russia’s Foreign Intelligence Service singled him out. The F. B. I. secretly recorded Russian spies talking about Mr. Page, describing him as an enthusiastic “idiot. ” The F. B. I. has also been investigating Paul Manafort, Mr. Trump’s former campaign chairman, who is accused of taking millions of dollars in secret payments from a   party in Ukraine. He has denied wrongdoing.",0
15237,Indonesian Police Say DNA Confirms Most Wanted Terror Suspect Is Dead - The New York Times,"JAKARTA, Indonesia  —   Indonesia’s national police confirmed through DNA testing that the country’s most wanted terrorism suspect had been killed during a gun battle earlier in the week on Sulawesi Island, the police announced Saturday. The police said their laboratory had confirmed the identity of Abu Wardah, better known as Santoso. He was the leader of the Mujahedeen of Eastern Indonesia, a terrorist cell that has professed allegiance to the Islamic State. Santoso and one of his followers were killed on Monday during a gunfight with Indonesian security forces near the Central Sulawesi Province town of Poso, which has long been a hotbed for terrorist activity. Around 20 members of his terrorist cell remained at large. “From the DNA test results, it’s positive and confirmed that one of the corpses is Santoso,” said Brig. Gen. Boy Rafli Amar, a national police spokesman. Santoso, 39, and his cell grew to national prominence in the past several years by carrying out attacks on security forces, in particular the police, as well as training militants across the country. Santoso’s group has included Uighurs from the western Chinese region of Xinjiang. Last year, President Joko Widodo of Indonesia made it a priority to increase efforts to capture or kill Santoso, establishing a joint   task force that included fighter jets to support the mission. In March, the United States placed Santoso and the Mujahedeen of Eastern Indonesia on its global terrorist designation list. “Indonesia has   the creation of a wilayah in Southeast Asia,” said Rohan Gunaratna, a terrorism expert at the S. Rajaratnam School of International Studies in Singapore, referring to an autonomous Islamic governorate. Indonesia has suffered multiple terrorist attacks carried out by Islamic militants since 2000, including bombings of Christian churches, nightclub bombings on the island of Bali, and attacks on upscale Western hotels and the Australian Embassy in the capital, Jakarta.",0
15238,Donald Trump tells UK: You should make Kate Bush the new Queen,"Tuesday 22 November 2016 by Matt Ward Donald Trump tells UK: You should make Kate Bush the new Queen 
Kate Bush would make a magnificent queen for the United Kingdom, Donald Trump has suggested. 
The President-elect singled out the 58-year-old singer as the perfect candidate after watching a video of her 1980 hit Babooshka on YouTube.“I’m sure many people would like to see her represent Great Britain as their Monarch,” he told reporters following a Tweet in the middle of the night. 
“In that video, she looks equally good in a skin tight catsuit and a chain mail bikini. Not many women can pull that off. 
“Ok so she’s in her 50s now, but that kind of works for me. Plus Elizabeth is how old? A hundred and nine? Most people would see Kate Bush as a serious upgrade. 
“So to recap, stunning looks, great choice in bikinis, British. Face it: she ticks all the boxes. 
“Later I’ll be tweeting my thoughts on who should be Pope. Can the Pope be a woman?” Get the best NewsThump stories in your mailbox every Friday, for FREE! There are currently ",0
15239,‘Cancel Order!’ Donald Trump Attacks Plans for Upgraded Air Force One - The New York Times,"WASHINGTON  —     Donald J. Trump took a shot on Tuesday at one of the nation’s largest manufacturers, Boeing, sharply criticizing a pending order for a new Air Force One and suggesting that the company was “doing a little bit of a number” with the cost of the next generation of presidential aircraft. “Boeing is building a brand new 747 Air Force One for future presidents, but costs are out of control, more than $4 billion,” Mr. Trump wrote on Twitter. “Cancel order!” Although his post attracted attention because it was about the most famous airplane in the world, the significance may be broader: For perhaps the first time since President John F. Kennedy took on the steel industry in the early 1960s, the heads of big American companies are being confronted by a leader willing to call them out directly and publicly for his policy and political aims. Although President Obama forcefully criticized Wall Street and the financial industry after Lehman Brothers collapsed in 2008, he tended not to single out individual companies. But Mr. Trump is now targeting Boeing a week after he pushed Carrier and its parent company, United Technologies, to keep about 1, 000 manufacturing jobs in Indiana, and three weeks after he singled out a Ford plant in Kentucky. Executives who give him what he wants may also be rewarded. On Tuesday afternoon, the   escorted the billionaire Japanese businessman Masayoshi Son to the lobby of Trump Tower to announce that the technology conglomerate SoftBank Group would be investing $50 billion in the United States. He called Mr. Son one of “the great men of industry. ” Mr. Son promised the investment, which will come from a previously announced $100 billion fund, as he is pressing to merge the wireless company Sprint, which his firm owns a controlling interest in, with  : a merger that Mr. Obama’s regulators have blocked. What is motivating Mr. Trump is not always clear. His transition team is receiving information about major federal programs, and Mr. Trump received a briefing on Monday that included the cost of the Air Force One project, according to a person familiar with the discussion. But he also made his post about the Air Force One upgrade just minutes after The Chicago Tribune published comments from Boeing’s chief executive, Dennis Muilenburg, suggesting that the  ’s trade policies could hurt the company, which does substantial business in China. But Mr. Trump did not focus on Boeing broadly. Instead, he focused on the Air Force One upgrade, telling reporters at Trump Tower, “The plane is totally out of control. ” “It’s going to be over $4 billion for the Air Force One program, and I think it’s ridiculous,” he said. “I think Boeing is doing a little bit of a number. We want Boeing to make a lot of money, but not that much money. ” In a statement after Mr. Trump’s Twitter post, Boeing said it had a $170 million contract to study the equipment that a redesigned Air Force One might need. That project has just gotten underway, so billions of dollars in cost overruns at this point appear to be impossible. “Some of the statistics that have been, uh, cited, shall we say, don’t appear to reflect the nature of the financial agreement between Boeing and the Department of Defense,” the White House press secretary, Josh Earnest, said. Air Force officials said they were proposing to spend $2. 7 billion over the next five years to research, develop and test communications technologies and other advanced systems. The Air Force would then buy two   aircraft, which normally cost airlines $350 million to $400 million apiece, and refit them to include all the new systems and handle extra weight. The planes would not be ready to fly until 2024, so Mr. Trump’s $4 billion estimate may ultimately be about correct. However, since nothing but the basic study contract has been awarded yet, his administration could cut back or reshape the Air Force proposal in any way it or Congress wanted. “We look forward to working with the U. S. Air Force on subsequent phases of the program, allowing us to deliver the best planes for the president at the best value for the American taxpayer,” Boeing said. Aviation analysts were more blunt. “This is getting ridiculous fast, when an important policy and acquisition decision is being made by Twitter,” said Richard L. Aboulafia, an aviation consultant with the Teal Group in Fairfax, Va. Mr. Trump’s willingness to intervene at the individual corporate level is a stark departure from Republican orthodoxy, which has long objected to the government’s picking winners and losers. Greg Hayes, the chief executive of United Technologies, seemed to imply on CNBC on Monday that he felt pressured. “There was a cost as we thought about keeping the Indiana plant open,” he said. “At the same time,” he added, “I was born at night, but not last night. I also know that about 10 percent of our revenue comes from the U. S. government. ” Some of the jobs saved from Mexico will probably fall to automation. Carrier will invest $16 million in the Indianapolis plant to automate its operations and “drive the cost down so that we can continue to be competitive,” Mr. Hayes said. “What that ultimately means is there will be fewer jobs. ” Mr. Trump’s Air Force One post came out of the blue: He had not focused in the campaign on the cost of Boeing’s plans for a   presidential plane. Last week, Mr. Muilenburg, Boeing’s chief executive, said that   of all the commercial airplanes it sold were for use in China, where Boeing is in a tense competition with Europe’s Airbus, its main rival. Like other major exporters, it is concerned that if Mr. Trump offends Chinese leaders or imposes tariffs against imports, China could retaliate by buying more planes from Airbus, which would reduce jobs at Boeing. Mr. Trump certainly understands that as president, he will no longer be flying his own,   Boeing 757. The Secret Service and the Defense Department would object. Beyond convenience, Air Force One carries an array of   communications gear for conducting everyday business and for managing a global crisis  —   even wartime operations, if required  —   while aloft. It is also equipped with a number of   security features. The communications systems on the planes now in use were designed in the 1980s. The new ones would incorporate the latest advances, as well as   defenses. The planes would also need other highly classified systems to protect the president that the Air Force will not discuss. But among the proposals considered several years ago for a new presidential helicopter were technologies to help prevent terrorist attacks and to resist the electromagnetic effects of a nuclear blast. Mr. Aboulafia said Air Force One needed to have antimissile defenses like jamming and electronic countermeasures to keep the president safe. Mr. Trump could eliminate some of these features to cut costs. But “talk about the ultimate in penny wise and pound foolishness,” Mr. Aboulafia said. “We’re talking about Pentagon weapons accounts that are going to $200 billion a year, and you’re going to nickel and dime the survivability of the president’s jet. That is about as dysfunctional as it gets. ” Mr. Trump could make good on his threat and cut the project from his budget request for the fiscal year that begins in October 2017, the first budget year of his presidency. But ultimately, Congress controls the federal purse strings, and lawmakers with parochial interests are already weighing in. “Replacing the    Air Force One aircraft will support   jobs throughout northwest Washington and is important to ensuring the safety and security of future presidents,” Senator Patty Murray, Senator Maria Cantwell and Representative Rick Larsen, all Democrats of Washington, said in a joint statement Boeing’s largest factories are in the Seattle area. “The  ’s tweet does nothing to change those basic facts. ”",0
15240,Why ‘Sorry’ Is Still the Hardest Word - The New York Times,"“I’m sorry. ” Two simple words, not so simply said. On Wednesday, the public representatives of two embattled American institutions  —   United Airlines and the White House  —   found themselves on national television grappling with a delicate and increasingly common ritual of the corporate and political worlds: the public apology. Oscar Munoz, United’s chief executive, recalled his “shame” upon seeing a cellphone video, shared by millions of people, of a paying passenger being violently evicted from one of his airline’s flights. Face taut, voice soft, Mr. Munoz’s televised prostration was a far cry from the robotic statement issued by United days earlier, expressing regret for “ ” a traveler. Around the same time, President Trump’s press secretary, Sean Spicer, was denouncing himself as “reprehensible” for having favorably compared Hitler to President Bashar   of Syria and referring to Nazi death camps as “Holocaust centers,” all while standing at the White House podium. The fine art of repentance is a skill taught in business schools and promoted by   consultants. But all kinds of offenders in public life still seem to struggle with the execution. Corporations like BP and Wells Fargo have faced criticism for dawdling responses to cascading crises, while politicians from Bill Clinton to Anthony Weiner have had difficulty admitting to peccadilloes. The key to contrition, according to   experts, is projecting sincerity, humanity, and a   demeanor  —   the better to convince a cynical public. And in this age of whipsawing social media, you had better do it fast. “The head of United should never have been allowed to take three swings at correcting and apologizing for an incident that was on more social media than Kim and Kanye’s wedding,” said Mortimer Matz, a New York consultant who has guided decades’ worth of clients through crises small and large. United issued several halting statements about the plane episode, which first emerged Monday morning, before Mr. Munoz made his abject appearance on Wednesday on ABC. Mr. Matz said the airline had missed its moment. “You’ve got to be a fast thinker in the digital age,” said Mr. Matz, who will be 93 in July. Many companies now take steps to be nimble and responsive when a furor erupts online. Last week, Pepsi took less than 24 hours to apologize and retract a   advertising campaign that used populist imagery to sell soda. It was a rapid   that would have been unthinkable a few years ago. This week, Mr. Spicer was quick to recognize the damage done by his   remarks, which prompted immediate denunciations on Twitter as well as calls for his resignation. He appeared on CNN within hours of his gaffe, while Mr. Munoz waited two days. Still, Mr. Spicer’s apology came only after his office tried to clarify his remarks with several statements that, while remorseful, did not clearly admit error. On Wednesday, in a previously scheduled interview at the Newseum in Washington, Mr. Spicer took a new tack: no excuses. “I made a mistake there’s no other way to say it,” Mr. Spicer told Greta van Susteren, the MSNBC anchor, his tone notably subdued. “I got into a topic that I shouldn’t have, and I screwed up. ” He added: “It really is painful to myself to know that I did something like that. ” Mr. Munoz, interviewed on “Good Morning America” on Wednesday, was similarly solemn. “That shame and embarrassment was pretty palpable for me,” he told the correspondent Rebecca Jarvis, emotion in his voice. “This can never  —   will never  —   happen again on a United Airlines flight. That’s my premise and that’s my promise. ” Later on Wednesday, United said it would refund the fares of all passengers on the affected flight. Both Mr. Munoz, who was named “communicator of the year” by PR Week magazine last month, and Mr. Spicer took pains to personalize their apologies. It’s a technique that, conscious or not, is recommended by crisis experts. “That’s on me, I have to fix that,” Mr. Munoz said when asked about the airline policies that led to the violent ejection. Mr. Spicer described his blunder as “mine to own, mine to apologize for, mine to ask forgiveness for. ” That    approach, consultants say, is one of the few ways to start rebuilding trust. The accounting firm PwC, for instance, gave a detailed explanation, and quick apology, for this year’s Oscar best picture fiasco, eventually holding onto its Academy Awards account. “People want someone to throw the book at,” said Katie Sprehe, a senior director at the communications firm APCO Worldwide. Ms. Sprehe, who studies reputation maintenance, said United had erred by not moving swiftly to mirror its customers’ outrage. “You need to speak your stakeholders’ language, and coming out with P. R. mumbo jumbo, like ‘’ is the wrong thing to do,” she said. Stu Loeser, an adviser to executives in the technology and finance industries, said that a   apology must be considered in context. “Oscar Munoz answers to more than 85, 000 employees who want to know that if they were the ones caught in a viral video maelstrom, he’d back them up,” said Mr. Loeser, who was press secretary to former Mayor Michael R. Bloomberg of New York. “Sean Spicer ultimately answers to one person and one person only”  —   Mr. Trump  —   “someone who sees backing down or apologizing as not only a weakness, but a character flaw. ” “In both cases,” Mr. Loeser added, “what might appear to be an irrational series of statements that got you into trouble makes more sense, when you think about who they’re actually answering to. ” Mr. Munoz ended his interview by saying he had no plans to resign. “I was hired to make United better, and I’ve been doing that, and that’s what I’ll continue to do,” he said. Mr. Spicer, asked by Ms. Van Susteren if he enjoyed being press secretary, said he loved it. “I truly do believe it’s an honor to have this job,” he said. “It is a privilege. And if you don’t believe it, then you shouldn’t be here. ” Whether the apologies outlive the gaffes remains to be seen. Ken Sunshine, who founded the   firm Sunshine Sachs, said he was skeptical. “My rule?” he said. “You get one shot. ”",0
15241,Лидер венесуэльской оппозиции возложил ответственность за стычки на митингах на Мадуро,"Короткая ссылка 27 октября 2016, 02:22 Один из лидеров оппозиции в Венесуэле, губернатор штата Миранда Энрике Каприлес Радонски, заявил, что президент Венесуэлы Николас Мадуро ответственен за столкновения, произошедшие 26 октября в ходе массовых протестов по всей стране. 
«В нескольких штатах люди были ранены по приказам Мадуро», — написал политик в своём Twitter. Tenemos varios heridos en varios Edos por órdenes de Maduro! — Henrique Capriles R. (@hcapriles) October 26, 2016 
Ранее Мадуро обвинил депутатов, проголосовавших за начало процесса импичмента Мадуро, в попытке «парламентского переворота». Подписывайтесь на наш Telegram , чтобы быть в курсе самых важных новостей. Для этого достаточно иметь Telegram на любом устройстве, пройти по ссылке и нажать кнопку Join.",0
15242,"Hillary Clinton Made History, but Bernie Sanders Stubbornly Ignored It - The New York Times","Revolutions rarely give way to gracious expressions of defeat. And so, despite the crushing California results that rolled in for him on Tuesday night, despite the insurmountable delegate math and the growing pleas that he end his quest for the White House, Senator Bernie Sanders took to the stage in Santa Monica and basked, bragged and vowed to fight on. In a speech of striking stubbornness, he ignored the   achievement of his Democratic rival, Hillary Clinton, who became the first woman in American history to clinch the presidential nomination of a major political party. Mr. Sanders waited until 15 minutes into his speech to utter Mrs. Clinton’s name. He referred, almost in passing, to a telephone conversation in which he had congratulated her on her victories. At that, the crowd of more than 3, 000 inside an aging airport hangar booed loudly. Mr. Sanders did little to discourage them. Tuesday was, undeniably, Mrs. Clinton’s night, a milestone for women in politics and civic life 95 years after the 19th Amendment guaranteed their right to vote. But by Wednesday morning, all eyes were on Mr. Sanders. Would he be generous or petulant? Would he let go or keep battling? At almost every turn, he was grudging toward Mrs. Clinton, passing up a chance to issue the kind of lengthy salute that many, in and out of the Democratic Party, had expected and craved. “It’s a blown opportunity to build bridges that are going to be extremely important in the fall,” said David Gergen, an adviser to four presidents, both Democratic and Republican. He worried that Mr. Sanders was becoming “a grumpy old man. ” The raw math is brutal and indisputable: Mrs. Clinton has not just crossed the threshold of 2, 383 delegates needed to secure the nomination. As of Tuesday night, she had succeeded in winning a majority of pledged delegates, a majority of the states that have held primaries, and the popular vote. This would be the time, under normal circumstances, for a primary rival to acknowledge insurmountable odds, pay tribute to a prevailing opponent and begin the work of stitching together a divided political party. That was the conciliatory message that a vanquished Mrs. Clinton delivered eight years ago to the day, on June 7, 2008, four days after Barack Obama had sealed his party’s nomination  —   a contest that was mathematically closer than the one with Mr. Sanders now. “We all know this has been a tough fight,” Mrs. Clinton said at the time. “But the Democratic Party is a family. And now, it’s time to restore the ties that bind us together. ” On Tuesday, she was effusive in her praise of Mr. Sanders and in her outreach to his supporters, mentioning him by name three times in her victory address in Brooklyn. “Let there be no mistake,’’ she said. “Senator Sanders, his campaign, and the vigorous debate that we’ve had about how to raise incomes, reduce inequality, increase upward mobility have been very good for the Democratic Party and for America. ’’ But Mr. Sanders, who calls himself a revolutionary, is openly skeptical of the traditions and expectations that govern the party whose nomination he covets. Throughout his campaign, he has regarded the Democratic Party itself with suspicion and distrust. Party unity, it seems, is the farthest thing from his mind at the moment. Far from backing down, Mr. Sanders promised to take his campaign to the Democratic convention in Philadelphia this summer, raising the possibility that he could remain in the race, without ever conceding defeat, until July. “We will continue to fight for every vote and every delegate we can get,” Mr. Sanders thundered. Declaring that the movement he has begun is “more than Bernie,” Mr. Sanders sounded at times messianic. “Our vision,” he said, “will be the future of America. ” Inside the airport hangar in Santa Monica, anger at Mrs. Clinton, and at the establishment she exemplifies, was visceral and abundant, overshadowing her electoral advantage and   night. Freddie Paull, a    filmmaker from Glendale, Calif. was not interested in milestones. He said he thought Mrs. Clinton was a crook. “She could be indicted literally tomorrow if the system is not corrupt,” he said. “I would love to see a woman in office,” he added. “But I do not want to see Hillary Clinton in office, because she has no honor. ” Should Mr. Sanders drop out, he said, he was prepared to vote for Mr. Trump. Amid chants of “Bernie or Bust” and loud boos as election results rolled in, Alison Bacon, an actress living in Los Angeles, assailed Mrs. Clinton for having proclaimed victory before the Democratic Party had formally bestowed it on her at the convention. “I think it’s absolutely unjust, undemocratic, ” she said. “What kind of example is that setting?” Of course, ending a campaign is always painful, especially one that so consistently defied expectations and openly challenged the political order. From its humble start in April 2015 outside the Capitol in Washington, in a sparsely attended and hurried announcement speech (“We don’t have an endless amount of time,” he warned the gathered reporters, “I have to get back”) Mr. Sanders built a rollicking national movement whose crowds,   and devotion upended the Democratic race. And Mr. Sanders was not merely a candidate to his supporters. With his Everyman appearance and unvarnished anger, he embodied the message that thrilled his followers: that it was time for working Americans to rise up and reclaim a country that was being corrupted by elites and their wealth. “When we began this campaign a little over a year ago, we were considered to be a fringe campaign,’’ Mr. Sanders said on Tuesday, adding wryly: “I think that has changed, just a little bit. ” But even as he acknowledged a “very, very steep fight” to winning his party’s nomination, he did not signal an end for now  —   still electrified, it seemed, by the crowds chanting his name. Howard Dean, a Democrat and a former governor of Vermont, can sympathize. “It’s very hard to concede,” he said. “You are tired. You are cranky. You’ve worked your butt off for two years. ” Nobody, Mr. Dean said, resisted ending a presidential campaign more than he did. Once a     he had a string of setbacks that left him feeling, by February 2004, much as Mr. Sanders does today: furious at an unfair system and determined to fight on. Then Al Gore called. Mr. Dean fulminated, uninterrupted, for 10 minutes, “ranting and raving,” he recalled. But Mr. Gore, schooled in the art of painful concessions, was blunt. “You know, Howard,” he said, “This is not really about you. This is about the country. ” Mr. Dean, taking the advice to heart, quit the campaign a few days later. “The minute he said it,” Mr. Dean recalled, “I looked like an idiot to myself. ” He said he wonders whether Mr. Sanders will heed the warning. “Bernie has changed politics, but his changes are not going to be realized unless he leads  —   and leading is not going to mean tilting at windmills at the convention,” Mr. Dean said. “He has to switch into the mode of a statesman. ” “You don’t get any points for carrying on or complaining about it,” Mr. Dean added. “You get points for sucking it up. ”",0
15243,Julian Assange Proof of Life Video a FAKE,"Julian Assange Proof of Life Video a FAKE 10/27/2016 In today’s video, Christopher Greene of AMTV reports on a fake Julian Assange Proof of Life Video. 09/27/2016 Jump 4 TRUMP 
I saw a video on you tube today stating that Julians’ attorney was murdered a couple days ago. Follow AMTV! 10/27/2016 TRUTH REVOLT http://youtu.be/PsVNKmb6jEc There’s a lot of accusations going around that the 2016 election is r ... Netflix Ceo: TV’s Future includes Hallucination Pills 10/27/2016 INDEPENDENT The future of TV might everyone taking hallucinogenic drugs, according to the head of Netflix. The thr ...",0
15244,"Chicago, Nearly a War Zone","Email 
The year 2016 is set to become one of Chicago’s bloodiest in decades. More than 100 people were shot in just the first 10 days of the year. By the end of March, 345 people had been murdered. The month of May saw 66 people murdered and another 400 wounded. Over Labor Day 13 were killed and another 52 injured by gunfire. By the end of September, 500 people had been murdered and more than 3,000 shot and wounded. 
The last weekend in October saw 17 people murdered and another 41 wounded, despite the Chicago Police Department cancelling leaves and putting officers on 12-hour shifts. 
By the end of October, 641 people had been killed with more than 3,660 wounded — putting Chicago on track for the worst year for gun violence in decades. 
There are multiple causes. Perhaps the primary one is the lack of certainty when it comes to gun ownership in Illinois. Article I section 22 of the Illinois Constitution states, “Subject only to the police power, the right of the individual citizen to keep and bear arms shall not be infringed.” Put another way, gun rights don’t exist in Illinois unless the “police power” gives permission. 
The 2010 Supreme Court decision McDonald v. City of Chicago , holding that “the Second Amendment right to keep and bear arms for self-defense in one’s home is fully applicable to the states [including Illinois]” left the door open for state legislatures to determine what rules and regulations would apply outside the home. Illinois legislators took full advantage, putting in place burdens on citizens wanting to obtain a carry permit: 
• 16 hours of concealed carry firearms training, provided by an instructor approved by the Illinois State Police; 
• A valid driver’s license or Illinois Identification card; 
• A valid FOID (Firearms Owner Identification) card; 
• A head and shoulders electronic photograph taken within the last 30 days; 
• Proof of the last 10 years of residency; 
• Fingerprints; and 
• a $150 fee. 
The burdens put off limits legal carry outside the home for many of Chicago’s citizens, especially those living in the war zones in West and Southside Chicago where nearly all the murders are taking place. 
Chicago is considered the most gang-infested city in the country, with an estimated gang population of over 100,000, representing nearly 60 different groups including the Vice Lords, the Black Disciples, the Four Corner Hustlers, the Black P. Stones, and the Latin Kings. 
Part of the problem is the so called ""Ferguson Effect,"" which has caused CPD officers to back off from enforcing all but the most heinous of crimes. Some officers reported anonymously to the Chicago Sun-Times that they have been afraid to make preemptive stops because the federal Justice Department and the American Civil Liberties Union are scrutinizing every move they make. This has resulted in the number of “street stops” dropping by 80 percent since the first of the year. 
Criminals couldn't care less about gun restrictions placed on private citizens. Chicago’s Crime Lab interviewed Cook County Jail inmates last year and learned that they don’t obtain their guns from gun shows, Internet sales, or gun shops. As Alan Gottlieb, chairman of the Citizens Committee for the Right to Keep and Bear Arms (CCRKBA), explained: “More than two-thirds of these offenders got their guns from family, friends or fellow gang members. These people can’t obtain guns via legal means, and the existing restrictions don’t prevent them from being armed. Criminals can’t get a [FOID] card, and they darn sure can’t get a concealed carry permit.” 
Unless Chicagoans are more freely allowed to possess firearms for personal protection outside their homes, the violent crime rampage that makes headlines nearly every day in the Windy City will continue unabated. 

An Ivy League graduate and former investment advisor, Bob is a regular contributor to The New American magazine and blogs frequently at LightFromTheRight.com, primarily on economics and politics. He can be reached at This email address is being protected from spambots. You need JavaScript enabled to view it. . Please review our Comment Policy before posting a comment 
Thank you for joining the discussion at The New American. We value our readers and encourage their participation, but in order to ensure a positive experience for our readership, we have a few guidelines for commenting on articles. If your post does not follow our policy, it will be deleted. 
No profanity, racial slurs, direct threats, or threatening language. 
No product advertisements. 
Please post comments in English. 
Please keep your comments on topic with the article. If you wish to comment on another subject, you may search for a relevant article and join or start a discussion there.",0
15245,Partial Recount Ordered in North Carolina Governor’s Race - The New York Times,"RALEIGH, N. C.  —   Acceding to the wishes of the embattled Gov. Pat McCrory, the North Carolina State Board of Elections on Wednesday ordered a recount of roughly 94, 000 votes in Durham County, a move that could help resolve a contested governor’s race here that remains undecided three weeks after Election Day. Mr. McCrory, a Republican, has trailed by a thin margin in the unofficial statewide count since the Nov. 8 election. He has declined to concede the race to his opponent, Roy Cooper, a Democrat and the state’s attorney general. Mr. McCrory’s campaign has raised questions about voting irregularities in dozens of counties, but Democrats have dismissed them as frivolous or inaccurate. Until Wednesday night, many of the rulings of the state elections board and 100 county boards  —   all of which are controlled by Republicans  —   have tended to go against Mr. McCrory. Mr. Cooper’s campaign and liberal groups have been urging Mr. McCrory to concede. On Wednesday, the three Republicans on the   state board voted to order Durham County, the liberal redoubt that is home to Duke University, to recount votes from five early voting sites and one regular voting site that had been troubled by a software problem that forced election officials there to enter results manually. The ruling kept hope alive for Mr. McCrory, who, by the unofficial state count, trailed by 10, 257 votes as of Wednesday night. “Look, folks, today is a great day for the democracy of North Carolina,” said Dallas Woodhouse, the executive director of the state Republican Party. “These issues were raised the night of the election, and they have continued to hover over this election for a month. ” Under North Carolina law, Mr. McCrory can demand a statewide recount if he trails by 10, 000 votes or fewer once all 100 counties have certified their vote totals. Four counties had not yet certified their totals on Wednesday night. Last weekend, the McCrory campaign issued a statement that said that if the Durham County recount were to proceed, and if it provided the same results as the original count, the campaign “will be prepared to withdraw its statewide recount request in the governor’s race. ” Mr. Cooper’s lead has been growing since election night, as thousands of provisional ballots are tabulated. When the unofficial statewide tally showed him up by 10, 000 votes for the first time on Wednesday, the Cooper campaign reiterated its call for Mr. McCrory to give up the fight. “It’s clear there is no path to victory for Governor McCrory. It’s time for Governor McCrory to accept the election results and respect the will of the voters,” Trey Nix, Mr. Cooper’s campaign manager, said in a statement. After the ruling, Mr. Nix predicted the outcome would be the same after the Durham County recount. The Durham County Board of Elections had previously rejected the challenge concerning the 94, 000 votes, and on Wednesday the state board was taking up an appeal of that ruling. After hearing significant testimony from the local board, lawyers and others, the two Democrats on the state board said they saw no reason to question the results. The three Republicans saw no harm in allowing a recount to proceed. One of the Republicans, James Baker, said Durham County’s trouble tabulating the large tranche of ballots meant that those votes, which heavily favored Mr. Cooper, showed up in an instant in the unofficial state results just before midnight on Election Day. He recalled looking at the vote totals that night and seeing Mr. McCrory ahead with 99 percent of precincts reporting. Then, suddenly, he was behind. The software problems, Mr. Baker said, “were enough of an irregularity to make people wonder” if something suspect may have happened. “I don’t want it to look like we’re for some reason trying to hide something or protect something,” he said.",0
15246,"Kalashnikov, Maker of AK-47, Looks to Rebrand - The New York Times","MOSCOW  —   A shipment of Kalashnikov rifles, popularly known as   was destined for the United States when it was stopped and quickly rerouted to Venezuela. Washington had just slapped Moscow with sanctions over the Ukraine crisis, and the Russian gun maker Kalashnikov Kontsern suddenly found one of its biggest markets off limits. Without access to the ready buyers among American weapons enthusiasts, Kalashnikov had to change its strategy, an increasingly common challenge for Russian companies after the imposition of sanctions. In the two years that followed, Kalashnikov diversified into new product lines, slashed jobs and made over its brand. And the rifle  —   long the weapon of choice for militaries and militant groups and the world’s most widely used firearm  —   was pitched instead to hobbyists and hunters in Russia. That new strategy appears to be yielding results. As Kalashnikov steps into the void left by American competitors in its home market, it is on track to turn a profit this year, bolstered in part by a weaker currency. “They started paying attention to clients,” said Dmitry S. Balyasov, a lawyer and shooting enthusiast who was patronizing a firing range outside of Moscow. “They have a contemporary style for selling a product,” Mr. Balyasov said, clutching a legal, civilian version of the weapon. For the company behind the    weapon, the shift from serving conflict to serving consumers has been stark. The company owns the original license to   rifles, colloquially known as    —   a name derived from the Russian word for automatic and the surname of the inventor, Lt. Gen. Mikhail T. Kalashnikov, as well as the year the prototype appeared. In the Soviet era, Kalashnikov’s main rifle factory, called the Izhevsk Machine Works, was a   military enterprise that stamped out guns in tremendous quantities with sales an afterthought.   rifles are ubiquitous in conflict zones. More than 100 million have been sold, including the countless knockoffs the rifle has inspired from China and elsewhere. The chunky guns, with their oversize banana clips, are legendarily rugged, and can remain in armories for decades, limiting sales of new weapons. With the military market largely saturated, Kalashnikov became increasingly dependent on civilian weapons sales. The civilian versions shoot only once with each trigger squeeze, with no option to switch to full automatic as in the military rifle. Before the sanctions, Kalashnikov’s plan for expansion focused on the United States, where gun ownership laws are more lenient than in many other countries. Though Russian weapons make up a tiny piece of the United States market, sales of its civilian rifles and shotguns branded as Saiga and Baikal increased at a faster pace than the overall market. By 2013, the United States accounted for about 40 percent of the company’s total gun sales, roughly equivalent to the volume bought by the Russian military, where every soldier is equipped with one. American sanctions slammed the door on the expansion plan. The sanctions in mid 2014 took direct aim at Rostec, the   military industrial conglomerate that holds a 51 percent stake in Kalashnikov. They forced the gun maker to take a hard look at its business. “We are moving from iron to intellect,” said Vasily Brovko, the director of strategy and communications for Rostec. It thinned its ranks of middle managers at the Izhevsk factory in 2015, and diversified this year by buying companies that make motorboats and surveillance drones. While Kalashnikov does not break out sales receipts from its various divisions, it intends for firearms and clothing to make up about 80 percent of earnings by 2020, with motorboat and drone sales accounting for the rest. A   clothing line is being unveiled in September, and the company plans to open 60 retail stores in Russia by the end of the year, selling clothes and rifles. It also introduced a marketing campaign, with a new logo  —   a stylized letter K, with a curved ammunition magazine as one of the arms  —   and a slogan, “Kalashnikov: Real. Reliable. ” “Kalashnikov is a global brand,” Vladimir Dmitriev, the company’s chief of marketing, said, likening Kalashnikov to Ferrari or Caterpillar, companies that sell clothing as a sideline to capitalize on brand recognition. “We are certainly justified in thinking that clothes and souvenirs with our symbols will be in demand, as much as our primary products. ” In Russia, Kalashnikov must navigate a different environment than in the United States. Russian consumers can buy a   firearm only with a police permit. Potential buyers must have no criminal record, a diploma from a gun safety course and a medical certificate that clears them of any mental illness. With few exceptions, civilians are not allowed to own pistols. Kalashnikov is playing to patriotic ideals. As part of a marketing effort, the company erected a stand festooned with balloons promoting the rifle in Moscow’s Gorky Park on May 9, Victory Day, the holiday commemorating the defeat of Nazi Germany in 1945. The type of display  —   one associating itself with the Russian government and army  —   is a contrast to the United States, where antigovernment sentiment is strong among the   public. The company is showing signs of improvement. It says it expects to report a profit of 2. 1 billion rubles, or about $33 million, when 2015 results are published this month, compared with a loss of 340 million rubles in 2014. It now sells fewer guns, but makes more money on each. But the biggest boost for Kalashnikov comes from factors beyond its control. Russia is a major oil exporter, and weak crude prices coupled with the sanctions helped cut the value of its currency. With most of its costs priced in rubles, Kalashnikov products became far more competitive with imported firearms. “We are talking about the reversal of the Dutch disease, which Russia has been suffering,” Vladimir Osakovsky, chief economist for Russia at Bank of America Merrill Lynch, said. Dutch disease refers to the impact energy prices tend to have on an   country’s currency, pushing it higher and hurting domestic companies by making their exports look comparatively expensive. Whether the growth is sustainable or the product of favorable currency winds will depend on Kalashnikov’s ground campaign. As part its broad new marketing effort, the company now sends representatives to gun stores across Russia to promote its products. At the Hunting Club gun shop in Moscow’s suburbs, Kalashnikov has provided two window displays exclusively for its rifles, and racks and shelves to sell branded   and shoulder patches. “The idea is to surround the customer with the brand, so he is not tempted to spend money anywhere else,” Mr. Brovko, the Rostec strategist, said. With the help of the currency tailwinds, demand for Kalashnikov’s shotguns and rifles at the shop has outpaced that for guns made by its rivals, like Beretta of Italy, Sauer of Germany and Winchester of the United States, according to Aleksei V. Lapshin, the owner of the Hunting Club. Customers have also been pleased with the range of special options, including different materials for the rifle exterior, he said. “It’s a very modern approach,” he said. “Some people want black plastic, some people want beechwood, some people want walnut. ” “No two comrades have the same taste. ”",0
15247,NYT Admits Key Al Qaeda Role in Aleppo,"Posted on November 8, 2016 by WashingtonsBlog 
By Robert Parry, the investigative reporter who many of the Iran-Contra stories for The Associated Press and Newsweek in the 1980s. Originally published at Parry’s Consortium News (republished with permission). 
As much as The New York Times and the mainstream U.S. media have become propaganda outlets on most foreign policy issues, like the one-sided coverage of the bloody Syrian war, sometimes the truth seeps through in on-the-ground reporting by correspondents, even ones who usually are pushing the “propo.” 
Such was the case with Anne Barnard’s new reporting from inside west Aleppo, the major portion of the city which is in government hands and copes with regular terror rocket and mortar attacks from rebel-held east Aleppo where Al Qaeda militants and U.S.-armed-and-funded “moderate” rebels fight side-by-side. Samantha Power, Permanent Representative of the United States to the UN, addresses the Security Council meeting on Syria, Sept. 25, 2016. Power has been an advocate for escalating U.S. military involvement in Syria. (UN Photo) 
Almost in passing, Barnard’s article on Sunday acknowledged the rarely admitted reality of the Al Qaeda/”moderate” rebel collaboration, which puts the United States into a de facto alliance with Al Qaeda terrorists and their jihadist allies, fighting under banners such as Nusra Front (recently renamed Syria Conquest Front) and Ahrar al-Sham. 
Barnard also finally puts the blame for preventing civilians in east Aleppo from escaping the fighting on a rebel policy of keeping them in harm’s way rather than letting them transit through “humanitarian corridors” to safety. Some of her earlier pro-rebel accounts suggested that it wasn’t clear who was stopping movement of civilians through those corridors. 
However, on Sunday, she reported: “We had arrived at a critical moment, as Russia said there was only one day left to pass through a corridor it had provided for people to escape eastern Aleppo before the rebel side was flattened, a corridor through which precious few had passed. The government says rebels are preventing civilians from leaving. Rebels refuse any evacuation without international supervision and a broader deal to deliver humanitarian aid.” 
Granted, you still have to read between the lines, but at least there is the acknowledgement that rebels are refusing civilian evacuations under the current conditions. How that is different from Islamic State terrorists in Mosul, Iraq, preventing departures from their areas – a practice which the Times and other U.S. outlets condemn as using women and children as “human shields” – isn’t addressed. But Barnard’s crimped admission is at least a start. 
Barnard then writes: “Instead [of allowing civilians to move through the humanitarian corridors], they [the rebels] are trying to break the siege, with Qaeda-linked groups and those backed by the United States working together — the opposite of what Russia has demanded.” 
Again, that isn’t the clearest description of the situation, which is stunning enough that one might have expected it in the lede rather than buried deep inside the story, but it is significant that the Times is recognizing that Al Qaeda and the U.S.-backed “moderates” are “working together” and that Russia opposes that collaboration. 
She also noted that “Three Qaeda-linked suicide bombers attacked a military position with explosive-packed personnel carriers on Thursday, military officials said, and mortar fire was raining on neighborhoods that until now had been relatively safe. It was among the most intense rounds in four years of rebel shelling that officials say has killed 11,000 civilians.” 
While she then throws in a caveat about the impossibility of verifying the numbers, the acknowledgement that the U.S.-backed “moderate” rebels and their Al Qaeda comrades have been shelling civilians in west Aleppo is significant, too. Before this, all the American people heard was the other side, from rebel-held east Aleppo, about the human suffering there, often conveyed by “activists” with video cameras who have depicted the conflict as simply the willful killing of children by the evil Syrian government and the even more evil Russians. 
More Balance 
With the admission of rebel terror attacks on civilians in west Aleppo, the picture finally is put into more balance. The Al Qaeda and U.S.-backed rebels have been killing thousands of civilians in government-controlled areas and the Syrian military and its Russian allies have struck back only to be condemned for committing “war crimes.” The second plane about to crash into the World Trade Center towers in New York City on Sept. 11, 2001. 
Though the human toll in both sides of Aleppo is tragic, we have seen comparable situations before – in which the U.S. government has supported, supplied and encouraged governments to mount fierce offensives to silence rockets or mortars fired by rebels toward civilian areas. 
For instance, senior U.S. government officials, including President Barack Obama and Democratic presidential nominee Hillary Clinton, have defended Israel’s right to defend itself from rockets fired from inside Gaza even though those missiles rarely kill anyone. Yet, Israel is allowed to bomb the near-defenseless people of Gaza at will, killing thousands including the four little boys blown apart in July 2014 while playing on a beach during the last round of what the Israelis call “mowing the grass.” 
In the context of those deaths, U.S. Ambassador to the United Nations Samantha Power, who has built her career as a supposed humanitarian advocating a “responsibility to protect” civilians, laid the blame not on the Israeli military but on fighters in Gaza who had fired rockets that rarely hit anything besides sand. 
At the United Nations on July 18, 2014, Power said , “ President Obama spoke with [Israeli] Prime Minister Netanyahu this morning to reaffirm the United States’ strong support for Israel’s right to defend itself…. Hamas’ attacks are unacceptable and would be unacceptable to any member state of the United Nations. Israel has the right to defend its citizens and prevent these attacks.” 
But that universal right apparently does not extend to Syria where U.S.-supplied rockets are fired into civilian neighborhoods of west Aleppo. In that case, Power and other U.S. officials apply an entirely different set of standards. Any Syrian or Russian destruction of east Aleppo with the goal of suppressing that rocket fire becomes a “war crime.” 
Perhaps it’s expected that the U.S. government, like other governments, will engage in hypocrisy regarding affairs of state: one set of rules for U.S. allies and another for countries marked for U.S. “regime change.” Statements by supposed “humanitarians” – such as Samantha Power, “Ms. R2P” – are no exception. 
But double standards are even more distasteful when they come from allegedly “objective” journalists such as those who work at The New York Times, The Washington Post and other prestige American news outlets. When they take the “U.S. side” in a dispute and become crude propagandists, they encourage the kind of misguided “group thinks” that led to the criminal Iraq War and other disastrous “regime change” projects over the past two decades. 
Yet, that is what we normally see. A thoughtful reader can’t peruse the international reporting of the U.S. mainstream media without realizing that it is corrupted by propaganda from both government officials and from U.S.-funded operations, often disguised as “human rights activists” or “citizen journalists” whose supposed independence makes their “propo” even more effective. 
So, it’s worth noting those rare occasions when The New York Times and the rest of the MSM let some of the reality peek through. When evaluating the latest plans from Hillary Clinton and other interventionists to expand the U.S. military intervention in Syria – via prettily named “safe zones” and “no-fly zones” – the American people should realize that they are being asked to come to the aid of Al Qaeda.",0
15248,Venezuela’s “Collapse Unleashing Hyperinflation” As Worthless Cash Necessitates 200x Bigger Bills,"
This article was written by Tyler Durden and originally published at Zero Hedge . 
Editor’s Comment: The troubled socialist nation of Venezuela can no longer hide its massive hyperinflation problems – even from itself. President Maduro was forced, by economic realities, to reissue bills in much higher denominations – 200 times bigger – a tell tale sign of a collapsing economy. Americans were familiar with the crazy exchange rate of pesos before Mexico revalued its currency more than a decade ago – otherwise it would take literal wheelbarrows of money just to pay for basic goods, and that is too impractical even for their system. 
But ironically, this revaluing makes the hyperinflation more obvious, and it becomes a self-fulfilling prophecy towards the bottom. Who can stop this crazy train? 
Venezuela Throws In The Towel On Hyperinflation: Will Print 200x Higher-Denominated Bills 
by Tyler Durden
While several years ago it was perhaps debatable in polite society that Venezuela’s socialist economy would collapse ultimately unleashing hyperinflation, any doubt was put to rest early this year when the IMF’s own inflationary forecast confirmed as much.

However, while the international community had long accepted the inevitable fate of Maduro’s socialist paradise, the local government sternly refused to admit reality and to avoid confirming what the local population already knew, it insisted on keeping the highest denomination bill in circulation at 100 bolivars, whose worth is approximately 8 cents on the black market, turning the most basic transactions into logistical nightmares and saddling banks with crippling money-handling costs. Economists and central bank employees say Mr. Maduro didn’t want to acknowledge the country’s inflation problem by printing bigger notes.
This has finally changed, and as the WSJ reports , Venezuela’s government, slammed by hyperinflation has finally thrown in the towel, and is planning to issue new bills in December with larger denominations—up to 200 times higher than the current biggest bill, according to people familiar with the plans. The move marks an implicit acknowledgment by the government that skyrocketing prices have slashed the value of the currency
The new coins and notes will go up to 20,000 bolivars, according to people close to the central bank, the finance ministry, the country’s banks and bill suppliers. This would make the biggest note worth $15 on the black market.
And since by doing so the government will tacitly admit that it has lost control over prices, It will also create a self-fulfilling prophecy of even higher prices , sending the country’s hyperinflation into overdrive.
As the WSJ adds, earlier this year, the government began informally allowing shops in the outer provinces to sell food at free market prices, reducing shortages at the cost of higher inflation, which the International Monetary Fund expects to rise above 1,600% next year. Further liberalization followed after the state oil company gradually rolled out higher-priced gasoline at gas stations in the border regions to reduce the cost of subsidizing the cheapest car fuel in the world, according to the company’s executives.
Venezuela’s loss, however, is a big gain for the companies contracted to print the money:
In recent weeks, several companies, including U.K.-based De La Rue, the world’s largest commercial printer, won contracts to print the new set of notes, which the government wants in time for the annual December spending spree, according to a person familiar with contract negotiations.
“It’s a very big deal. It’s a big package,” the person said. 
Meanwhile, the central bank remains stuck in denial and hasn’t published price statistics for almost two years. Instead, Mr. Maduro has blamed the skyrocketing prices on the “economic war” waged against his government by shopkeepers and financiers. This has forced people to brave one of the world’s highest crime rates by shopping with backpacks full of cash and spend hours lining up outside ATMs, which give out less than $10 per withdrawal. Many provincial banks have reduced daily withdrawals to 30,000 bolivars, which would buy a Venezuelan couple a lunch at a mid-scale restaurant.
Amusingly, as we reported last year, the high demand for nearly worthless currency notes has also presented a financial burden for the cash-strapped government, which also lacks raw materials to print its own money. Since last year, Venezuela has had to pay hundreds of millions of dollars to printing companies to feed its economy with bolivar currency . The shipments arrived to Venezuela from private printing presses around the world on several dozen windowless Boeing 747 jets. Given the crime risks, the air shipments arrive at the Caracas airport at night before the notes are loaded onto armored trucks and transported to the central bank vaults in Caracas, protected on the 18-mile route by soldiers.
Indicatively, a fully stocked ATM is emptied in just three and a half hours on average now, according to the Venezuelan Banking Association .
The good news for the insolvent nation is that all local denominated debts are now just as worthless as the currency, which incidentally is what the BOJ’s Kuroda would call: mission accomplished.
Sadly, Venezuela is the canary in the coalmine for what will happen to all currencies in a world where there is now simply too much debt.

This article was written by Tyler Durden and originally published at Zero Hedge . ",0
15249,MSNBC’s Joan Walsh: Ivanka Trump ’Applauds Cruelty’ - Breitbart,"Saturday, on MSNBC’s “AM Joy,” MSNBC political analyst Joan Walsh accused White House adviser Ivanka Trump of applauding “cruelty” when her father, President Donald Trump, “was celebrating “taking health care away from women. ”  “[Ivanka Trump] did stand and clap when her father was having a little party to celebrate taking health care away from women. And she has not pushed for parental leave, even in her capacity as a top White House adviser with security clearance,” Walsh told host Joy Reid. “[S]he really wants to have this appearance of being a force for good, and, yet, she’s accomplished nothing, and she applauds cruelty. ” Follow Trent Baker on Twitter @MagnifiTrent",0
15250,"And Like a Tweet in the Night, Kanye Was Gone - The New York Times","Just past 2 a. m. Monday, Kanye West poked his head through the roof of a car heading north on Third Avenue in the East Village and surveyed what he had wrought. On East 11th Street, outside Webster Hall, maybe a couple of thousand young people were clustered  —   in the street, on the sidewalks, on stoops, on balconies, sitting atop Postal Service trucks  —   waiting for a   concert that was beginning to seem as if it might not happen. When Mr. West rode by, a few hundred of them spied him and peeled off, surrounding his car, taking pictures, reaching for handshakes. After a minute or so, he drove off  —   the Kanye West concert was not to be, an anticlimactic end to a roller coaster day. The city gives, and the city takes away. One of the truest and most persistent charms of New York night life is its unpredictability. Certainly, as severe thunderstorms were bearing down on the New York area Sunday evening, the idea that the night might end with throngs of young people congregating on downtown streets awaiting their hero would have seemed ludicrous. But with a couple of tweets, Mr. West summoned a gathering out of thin air, a reminder that, for the right person, the city can be activated at any moment. The congregation was  —   as spontaneous   eruptions of fandom go  —   exceedingly  . There were cheers when a familiar face, like ASAP Rocky’s, made his way through the crowd. People posed for selfies with the sea of fans as a backdrop. Couples kissed amid the hubbub. For about two hours, police officers  —   whose boss, Commissioner William J. Bratton, had made inflammatory comments about rappers after a shooting at a T. I. concert at Irving Plaza last month  —   watched from a distance, more bewildered than tense. (There was one arrest, for disorderly conduct, according to the department.) For Mr. West, the day’s events were set in motion 14 hours earlier, when the third day of the Governors Ball music festival on Randalls Island, where he was to be the headliner, was canceled because of severe weather. Suddenly, Hot 97’s Summer Jam 2016, just outside Manhattan at MetLife Stadium in East Rutherford, N. J. where a set was already scheduled for his G. O. O. D. Music label, took on additional importance. The raison d’être of Summer Jam is surprise marquee appearances  —   surely Mr. West would show. Weather had also decimated Summer Jam, the annual confab thrown by the leading New York   station, Hot 97 (WQHT 97. 1 FM). The afternoon festival stage, with a promising lineup including Chance the Rapper and Dave East, was canceled outright the main show started hours after it ordinarily would have, with some of the announced sets  —   Young Thug, Tinashe, Kid Ink  —   scuttled, seemingly to speed things along. But that concert also ended abruptly (reportedly for curfew reasons) during DJ Khaled’s   set Future, the headliner, never made it to the stage. (In addition to beginning late, the show was also delayed after a   fight in the crowd that prompted a swift police response.) What remained, though, was vintage Summer Jam, and one that focused more intently on New York   than in recent years. There was a   of Terror Squad, the crumbled late   2000s crew, recently reignited by “All the Way Up,” a swaggering hit by Fat Joe and Remy Ma, who was released from prison in August 2014 after a   stint. ASAP Rocky and ASAP Ferg performed a string of   thumpers. And the show began with an enthused set by Maino and Uncle Murda, Brooklyn roughnecks with nary a mainstream breakthrough between them, but plenty of street hits. New York was present, too, in a way, during the G. O. O. D. Music set early in the show, thanks to the label’s newest signee, Desiigner, the Brooklyn rapper who recently topped the Billboard Hot 100 with his debut single, “Panda. ” (Never mind that it directly channels Atlanta style.) He performed last in the crew, dancing wildly and making ludicrous facial expressions while his teammates  —   Pusha T, Big Sean, 2 Chainz, Travis Scott and yes, Mr. West  —   powered through an energetic set emphasizing their tough side. For most of it, Mr. West played grinning paterfamilias, anchoring posse cuts like “Champions,” “I Don’t Like (remix),” “Mercy” and “Clique,” that last one largely a cappella. Music is but one of Mr. West’s concerns these days. Earlier on Sunday, he had escorted his    daughter, North, to see “The Lion King” on Broadway. On Monday, he released the first boots from the second season of his clothing collection. He turns 39 on Wednesday  —   a casual birthday party took place backstage at Summer Jam, with a cake reading “Pablo,” for Mr. West’s recent album, “The Life of Pablo. ” Often, Mr. West speaks about embracing the improbable. He is a catalyst for creativity and is stubborn in his belief that he can, with the right words, align the world just so, along an axis of his choosing. But thousands of young people clogging East Village Manhattan streets proved to be untameable, even by Mr. West. Not that he didn’t try: Kim Kardashian, his wife, posted on Snapchat a video of Mr. West on the phone, asking someone to call the mayor and have some streets closed so screens could be set up to simulcast the   concert. He wanted the assembled fans to be able to “have a party outside. ” Even after Mr. West’s   appearance came and went, the faithful stood firm, waiting to be allowed into Webster Hall for the show. But around 2:45 a. m. dozens of officers from the Police Department’s Strategic Response Group began clearing the streets. Fans jumped down from their perches  —   those mail trucks, a Dumpster, scaffolding, atop parked cars and S. U. V.s now with dented roofs  —   and began to disperse. Some, though, still held out for any flicker of hope. When Virgil Abloh and Heron Preston, members of Mr. West’s creative team, walked out of Webster Hall just before 3 a. m. they were immediately noticed. Dozens of people chased them down the block, to Third Avenue, stopping them in the middle of the street for pictures and videos. Minutes later, the two ducked into an S. U. V. which sped away. A few dedicated fans sprinted behind it, off to wherever this night in the city might take them.",0
15251,The Hill: ’The Breitbartization of the White House’,"The Hill’s Jonathan Easley reports on recent White House hires and Breitbart News alumni Julia Hahn and Dr. Sebastian Gorka. [From The Hill:  The Breitbartization of the White House comes as no surprise to people at the conservative news site. “I’m surprised it took this long,” one Breitbart reporter told The Hill  …     “These two are ideologically in line with Bannon. They’re people he can trust. It makes sense. ”   …     Hahn, 25, is said to be a favorite of both Bannon and Trump’s senior adviser for policy, Stephen Miller, a veteran of the campaign and attorney general nominee Sen. Jeff Sessions’s ( .) office.   …     Gorka’s primary focus at Breitbart has been the threat of radical Islam. He has been a fierce critic of what he describes as the Obama administration’s weak response to the Islamic State in Iraq and Syria and other international terror groups.   …     Now, Hahn and Gorka will add to Bannon’s stable of trusted allies in the West Wing, although one source familiar with Bannon’s thinking dismissed the notion that he is staffing up for a fight.   …     Breitbart News Editor Alexander Marlow also commented on the recent acquisitions of John Carney from the Wall Street Journal, Sam Chi from RealClear Politics, and Kristina Wong from The Hill: “There will always be this ‘Fight Club’ element where we look to punch the establishment when they deserve it,” Marlow said. “But we have a lot of reporting to do and will recruit and hire the most   and sophisticated and sharpest minds in Washington to build the best team, period. We’re not going to follow any prescription that the media wants. ”",0
15252,SOME FLA. RESIDENTS PLAN ARMED TRICK-OR-TREATING AFTER CREEPY CLOWN THREATS,"Home › SOCIETY | US NEWS › SOME FLA. RESIDENTS PLAN ARMED TRICK-OR-TREATING AFTER CREEPY CLOWN THREATS SOME FLA. RESIDENTS PLAN ARMED TRICK-OR-TREATING AFTER CREEPY CLOWN THREATS 0 SHARES [10/20/16] Some residents unnerved by scary clown threats in their communities say they’ll be armed for Halloween trick-or-treating, while authorities warn that widespread clown fears may endanger someone dressing up as a clown as a joke. 
There have been numerous clown sightings in Brevard County, and two men were arrested last week in Melbourne for allegedly threatening people while dressed as clowns and holding large bats, sticks or axes, according to a Florida Today reporter . 
The incidents have made some residents so nervous that they planned to arm themselves when they go out Halloween night. 
“Since I have no gun, I will be carrying a bat around on Halloween night,” said Pam Metz of Titusville. 
Kimberly Kersey said she’d carry a gun while taking her sons trick-or-treating in Palm Bay. 
“I’ll be carrying for sure,” she said. “I’m terrified of clowns already and if one messes with me or my kids it’ll be to the hospital or morgue they go.” 
Police typically increase patrols for Halloween. Some law enforcement officials have urged people to reconsider dressing up as clowns to avoid inadvertently endangering themselves. 
“The problem is that someone dressed like a clown could scare someone and there’s a possibility — a possibility — you could end up with someone getting shot,” said Palm Bay Police Lt. Mike Bandish. 
Cassandra Closson of West Melbourne gave the same advice to her 15-year-old son and forbade him from dressing as a clown. 
“Just not worth any drama,” Closson told Florida Today. Post navigation",0
15253,Dr. Stephen Leeb: Broadcast Interview – Available Now,"111925 Views November 19, 2016 KWN PLUS , TRENDING King World News FOR DIRECTIONS ON HOW TO PLAY OR DOWNLOAD AUDIOS: CLICK HERE Dr. Stephen Leeb: Chairman & Chief Investment Officer of Leeb Capital Management – Dr. Leeb is a registered investment adviser and has been managing big cap growth portfolios since 1999. Over the last decade, his independently-verified performance record has been ranked in the top 5 percent among peers according to Informa’s PSN manager database. Dr. Leeb is a New York Time’s Best Selling author, eight books total on investments and financial trends. His latest book, Red Alert: How China’s Growing Prosperity Threatens the American Way of Life (Business Plus, 2011). Biography of Dr. Stephen Leeb Chairman and Chief Investment Officer of Leeb Capital Management Dr. Stephen Leeb is a recognized authority on the stock market, macroeconomic trends and commodities, especially oil and precious metals. As Chairman and Chief Investment Officer of Leeb Capital Management, a registered investment advisor, Dr. Leeb has been managing big cap growth portfolios since 1999. Over the last decade, his independently-verified performance record has been ranked in the top 5 percent among peers according to Informa’s PSN manager database. Dr. Leeb is also founder of the Leeb Group, which publishes a line of financial newsletters including The Complete Investor, Leeb’s Income Performance Letter, Leeb’s Real World Investing e-letter, and Leeb’s Aggressive Trader, Leeb’s Million Dollar Portfolio and Leeb’s ETF World Alert e-letter. His total readership exceeds 250,000. The Complete Investor newsletter has earned two awards for Editorial Excellence. Dr. Leeb sits on various boards sharing his strategic perspectives on financial markets and natural resources. Since 2008, Dr. Leeb has been a Director of Plain Sight Systems, a technology holding company centered at Yale University. Plain Sight owns a world-class patent portfolio in areas such as information organization/search, computational analytics, electro-optics, and spectroscopy. These technologies are licensed to Fortune 500 companies and used as part of private buyouts and venture spin-offs. As part of Plain Sight, Dr. Leeb also sits on the board of Water Intelligence plc , due to be listed in June 2010 on AIM (London), operating in the water management space and Deep Markets Corporation , a division of Plain Sight developing next generation risk management applications. Dr. Leeb is also Head of the Advisory Board of Leor Exploration & Production LLC (since 2006 – present) and a member of the advisory boards of Electrum USA Ltd. (since 2007) and Los Gatos. Each of these companies explore for natural resources, especially precious metals and energy. Dr. Leeb is the author of seven books on investments and financial trends. His latest book, Game Over: How You Can Prosper in a Shattered Economy (Business Plus, 2009) predicts a permanent peak in global commodity production. His previous book, The New York Times best selling business book, The Coming Economic Collapse: How You Can Thrive When Oil Costs $200 a Barrel (Warner Books, 2006), predicted that tightness in global energy supplies would cause the American economy to oscillate between periods of recession and high inflation this century. Dr. Leeb’s best seller, The Oil Factor: Protect Yourself and Profit from the Coming Energy Crisis (Warner Books, 2004), outlined the relationship between oil prices and stock market performance and accurately predicted the subsequent surge in oil prices. The book was rated among the top investment books of the year by Stock Trader’s Almanac 2005. His earlier best seller, Defying the Market: Profiting in the Turbulent Post-Technology Market Boom (McGraw-Hill; 1999) predicted the collapse of technology stocks and the growing importance of oil, and other hard assets during the 21st century. The book was selected by Library Journal as one of the Best Business Books of 1999. His first book Getting in on the Ground Floor (Putnam, 1986) predicted the secular bull market in financial assets and the fall in inflation. The book was a main selection of the Money Book Club. Dr. Leeb earned his Bachelor’s degree in Economics from the University of Pennsylvania’s Wharton School of Business. He then completed both a Master’s degree in Mathematics and a Ph.D. in Psychology at the University of Illinois. About author",0
15254,Comment on 7 Simple Steps from a Cop on How to Fight Every Speeding Ticket and Win by Raisi Smith,"Home / #Solutions / 7 Simple Steps from a Cop on How to Fight Every Speeding Ticket and Win 7 Simple Steps from a Cop on How to Fight Every Speeding Ticket and Win Do you want to discover the secrets on how to beat your speeding ticket in court? 25% of all Speeding Tickets Are Issued in Error! 
It is estimated that in 2014 that there were over 41,000,000 speeding tickets issued in the USA and that over 25% of these were issued in error. 
The most common errors include shadowing, RFI inference, cosine angle error, mechanical interference and devices that are out of calibration. 
But out of these 41,000,000 speeding tickets only 5% challenged their citation in court. 
And out of this 5% less than .05% beat their ticket or have it dismissed. 
Why? Because they were not prepared! 
The radar gun or lidar gun the police officer used to issue you your speeding ticket is a scientific instrument and because of this the officer must be certified and by law, must follow certain requirements. 
So if you’re planning on fighting your ticket in court, we put together this guide to help disqualify the officer’s testimony and his/her equipment, so you have a better chance of winning your case. Prepare Yourself Before You Ever Get Stopped 
Before, during, and right after the stop are the most critical times to prepare your defense if you plan on fighting your speeding ticket. 
Because of this, it’s CRITICAL that you remember EVERYTHING that is happening around you and document it: What was the traffic flow like What signs are on the roadway The condition of the roadway Other witnesses What is the weather like 
As you’re doing this, look for a safe place to pull over for you and the police officer. 
If you’re on the highway in busy traffic, put your flashers on, pull over to the right and consider exiting at the first exit. The Approach 
Once you’re pulled over and stopped STAY IN YOUR CAR! 
Many police officer shootings occur as the officer is approaching a violator. Because of this, his/her stress levels are high, and he/she is watching everything you and the occupants of the car are doing. 
DO NOT: Reach into the glove box Reach under your seat 
DO Keep your hands in plain sight 
Your only job at this point is to reduce the officer’s stress level as much as possible. The California Stop 
One strategy to reduce the officer’s stress level is called the California Stop. 
As the officer is exiting his car, roll down the driver’s side window. 
If it is at night, turn on your interior lights 
Then place your hands on the top of your steering wheel palms up, facing your face. 
Doing this, the officer can immediately see that you’re not an immediate threat, and his stress level is reduced. License, Registration, Insurance Card, any Weapons? 
Now that the officer is standing next to your car one of the first things he is going to ask you is for your license, registration, insurance card and if you have any weapons in your possession. 
If you do have any weapons, tell him where they are and follow his/her instructions and hopefully you’re properly licensed to possess them. Do You Know Why I Stopped You? 
Remember, everything you say or do will be documented by the officer so don’t admit anything, especially that you were not paying attention. 
Just say “no officer, can you explain to me why you stopped me?” Obey the Officer’s Requests 
After the officer obtains the required documentation he may ask you to step out of your car or to remain in your car, just follow his commands. 
Can I See Your Radar/Laser Gun? 
If the officer says that he used a radar or laser gun, seem curious and ask the officer if you can see it and if he would be willing to explain to you how it works. 
If the officer does allow you to see it, take a mental picture of the device, getting the manufacturer’s name and model number. 
If he refuses to show you the gun, then just ask him if he could explain to you how it works. The Citation 
As some point, the officer is going to either have you sign the citation or just hand you a copy. 
While he is still with you, review the citation to see if he documented the type of device he used to measure your speed. 
If he didn’t ask him/her to put on the citation the type of device he/she used. Documentation 
Remember everything you do or say is being documented and possibly even being recorded by the officer. 
It’s your job to do the same! After the Stop 
After the stop, find a safe place to pull over and write down EVERYTHING that happened. Then return to the area and snap photos of the area with a camera or your smartphone. Get Ready for Your Case 
Next it’s your job to get ready for your trial. Step #1 – Know What the Officer Shot You With 
To properly prepare your case, you first need to know what type of device the officer used to clock your speed. Police radar guns transmit microwave radio signals, and it this type of enforcement that accounts for most speeding citations. 
Police lidar guns transmit a narrow beam of light in the near inferred light spectrum and they account for 20% of all traffic citations. 
Other ways an officer can clock your speed are using a timing device such as a stopwatch or VASCAR, or following behind you clocking your speed using their speedometer. 
Because of this, you need to know EXACTLY what the officer used to measure your speed. 
Many jurisdictions will note on the citation what type of device was used and even the device’s serial number. 
If this is not documented on your citation, then you may need to follow-up with a friendly telephone call to the agency or officer that issued you the citation and inquire. Step #2 – Start by Downloading These Free NHTSA Guides 
The National Highway Traffic Safety Administration is responsible for developing training programs responsive to the Uniform National Standards established by the Highway Safety Act of 1996. 
Because of this, the NHTSA has published guidelines both police agencies and officers MUST follow when operating radar or laser. 
As we will be referencing several portions of each of these guides in this article to help you build your case, we would recommend “ googling ” these titles and download these free PDFs now: 
Speed-Measuring Device Performance Specification: Across-the-Road Radar Module 
Lidar Speed Measuring Device Performance Specifications 
Police Radar Instructor Training Course 
Basic Training Program in Radar Speed Measurement Step #3 – Have an Understanding of Case Law Case Law Regarding the Use of Police Radar 
If you were cited by an officer who used a police radar gun, your next step is to have a understanding of these most significant case laws pertaining to the use of radar in speed enforcement. 
State of Florida v. Aquilera (1979) 
This infamous case is known widely as the Miami Radar Trial. After a local television reporter showed a house clocked at 28 mph and a palm tree clocked at 86 mph, the story broke nationwide and radar was quickly shown to be less than accurate. In this case the Dade County Court sustained a motion to suppress the results of radar units in 80 speeding ticket cases. 
The court’s opinion stated that the reliability of radar speed measuring devices as used in their present modes and particularly in some cases, has not been established beyond and to the exclusion of every reasonable doubt, nor has it met the test of reasonable scientific certainty. United States v. Fields (1982) 
District Court in Ohio ruled that it was not possible to establish from the radar results whether the defendant was traveling at 43 mph or whether the Speedgun 8 radar unit was measuring the rotation of the ventilation fan at the sewage pumping station next to the officer’s car. 
The court also found that the officer was not qualified to operate the radar unit since he did not know the requirements for correct operation of the unit. In addition, the officer did not calibrate it before use, on that occasion. 
Commonwealth of Kentucky v. Honeycutt (1966) 
This case is a very common prosecution weapon against the 24 hours of classroom and 16 hours of field training requirement. In this case the court ruled that an officer should not be required to know the scientific principles of radar. 
The court also ruled that the officer only needs to know how to properly set up, test and read the radar unit. As such, a few hours of instruction should be enough to qualify an officer to operate the radar unit. 
State of Connecticut v. Tomanelli (1966) 
In the case, which is the same year as the Honeycutt case, the Supreme Court of Connecticut ruled that “outside influences may affect the accuracy of the recording by a police radar set sufficient to raise a doubt as to the reliability of the speed recorded.” 
The court also stated that tuning forks must be proved to be accurate to be accepted as valid tests of a radar unit. In order to establish the accuracy of the radar unit the operator must testify to the following: That he made tuning fork tests before and after the defendant’s speed was recorded. That the tests were made by activating 40, 60 and 80 mph tuning forks and by observing that the unit responded correctly in each case. 
State of Minnesota v. Gerdes (1971) 
The Supreme Court of Minnesota ruled that where the only means of testing the accuracy of a radar unit is an internal mechanism within the unit, and there is no other evidence of the motorist’s speed other than the radar reading, the conviction cannot be sustained. 
The court also established the following conditions for proving the accuracy of the radar unit: The officer must have adequate training and experience in the operation of the radar unit. The officer must testify as to how the unit was set up and the conditions the unit was operated under. it must be proven that the unit was operated with a minimum possibility of distortion from external interference. The unit has to be tested with an external source, such as a tuning fork or an actual test run with another vehicle with an accurately calibrated speedometer. 
People of New York v. Perlman (1977) 
The Suffolk County District Court ruled that the radar device was not proved to be accurate since no external test had been performed before or after the arrest. This case is significant since it established the criteria of testing before and after a citation is issued. 
State of Wisconsin v. Hanson (1978) 
In this landmark case, the Supreme Court of Wisconsin set minimum conditions for the use of radar as evidence. Sufficient evidence to support a speeding conviction with moving radar will require testimony by a competent operating officer that: He had adequate training and experience in radar operation The radar unit was in proper working condition at the time of the arrest The radar unit was used in an area where there was a minimum possibility of distortion The input speed of the officer’s car was verified; the car’s speedometer was expertly tested within a reasonable period after the citation was issued All testing was done without the radar unit’s own internal calibration device being used 
State of Florida v. Allweiss (1980) 
The Pinellas County Court ruled that the testing methods for radar equipment are legally insufficient. “The use of such a tuning fork furnished by the manufacturer in this court’s opinion is tantamount to allowing the machine to test itself. 
A tuning fork furnished by the manufacturer is merely an extension and part of the total speed measuring apparatus. Case Law Regarding the Use of Police Lidar 
If an officer used a police lidar gun to cite you, then your next step is to have a basic understanding of these most significant case laws that pertain to the use of lidar in speed enforcement. 
Admissibility of Motor Vehicle Speed Readings 714 A.2d 381, 391-92 (New Jersey Superior Court 1998) 
The Superior Court of New Jersey ordered that admissibility to lidar is subject to the following rules: Expert testimony is not required. Officers must be properly trained in the use of lidar and that training must be documented. The lidar must be tested according to procedures recommended by the manufacturer. The court further ordered that the lidar be tested against a known speed. Speed reading obtained by lidar are not affected by temperature, the degree of ambient light, or light to moderate rain. Readings shall not be accepted during heavy rainfall or while snow is falling. Speed reading made at distances up to 1,000 feet are admissible. Readings obtained in excess of 1,000 feet shall be admitted only with supporting evidence and expert testimony 
State of Hawaii v Abiye Assay 
Once an officer has completed a course of instruction and certified to operate lidar – training is not done. Officers must understand (memorize) 11.2 Principles of Operation. 
For example, during the known-distance test officers must testify that the lidar uses proven time-distance formulas (pulse principle) and the speed of light (universal constant) to determine the known distance. Since the lidar utilizes one microprocessor to calculate time-of-flight and thus confirms the correct pulse repetition frequency, the lidar can accurately determine speed. 
Then officers must obtain, read, and understand the manufacturer’s operator’s manual (10.7 Certification) for the particular lidar used and follow the manufacturer-recommended procedures for testing. Officers must further test the lidar as outlined in 11.16 Testing the LIDAR: 
Known Speed Test. All lidars must include a Technician Certification (10.7 & 11.16) every 3 years in accordance with manufacture’s specifications and NHTSA standards. (Note: New lidars come with a Technician Certification from the factory.) 
Officers must successfully complete Visual Speed Estimations, Enclosure 13.2 and be prepared to present this information in a court of law. During operation officers must understand and follow a proper tracking history (11.4 Lidar Tracking History) and be prepared to testify as to visual observations and speed estimates prior to clocking with lidar. 
Officers must understand all lidar effects (11.5Lidar Effects), including proper operation to avoid any of these effects. Officer must be currently certified (10.7 Certification) to operate radar/lidar. Finally, the officer must prepare all court cases as outlined in this manual. (10.8 Court Testimony, 10.9 Traffic Evidence Kit) Step #4 – Get the Manufacture’s Manuals 
Next you will want to obtain the manuals from the manufacturer for the speed measurement device used by the officer. 
Sometimes a simple search on Google can locate these. 
If not, you then may have to contact the manufacturer to purchase a copy and/or subpoena the manual through the courts from the police agency. 
Take special note what the manufacturer’s recommendations are as far as: Installation",0
15255,Sabrina Rubin Erdely’s Enablers in the Media, ,0
15256,Suicide Bombing Kills at Least 20 in Somalia - The New York Times,"NAIROBI, Kenya  —   A suicide bomb rocked the Somali town of Galkayo on Sunday, killing at least 20 people and showing that Islamist militants, despite recent setbacks, can still plan and execute deadly attacks anywhere in the country. Galkayo, a midsize town in central Somalia, had been quiet in recent months. Yet that suddenly changed at 10 a. m. on Sunday when militants detonated a deafening bomb in a market, sending a column of black smoke shooting into the sky. A squad of militants stormed a nearby government building, engaging in gun battles with security forces. “One of the blasts was so huge, I was really shocked,” said Abdirahman Abdweli, a student in the city. The explosion ripped the roofs off several buildings, scattering sharp pieces of corrugated metal and debris across the area. The death toll was not immediately clear. The Shabab militant group, which claimed responsibility for the attack, said 30 people had been killed. Somali health officials and residents said the number was closer to 20, with dozens wounded. The United States is increasingly watching Somalia, a poor, unstable country that has spewed violence across its borders for more than 20 years. On Aug. 10, American Special Forces assisted Somali troops in killing several members of the Shabab who were running an illegal checkpoint. Somali officials said the Shabab had lost “senior members” in that raid. In recent years, American airstrikes have killed many Shabab members, including both foot soldiers and top commanders. On Monday, Secretary of State John Kerry is scheduled to hold talks on Somalia with African officials in Kenya’s capital, Nairobi. State Department officials said he would also focus on South Sudan, which has plunged into bloodshed and chaos as well. Somalia is scheduled to hold an election this year to choose its Parliament and president. But because of the rampant instability and the paucity of functioning government institutions, citizens will not be lining up to vote. Instead, clan elders will select delegates, who will then choose the politicians. Somali intellectuals have criticized this plan, saying the government is using the process as a way to stay in power and siphon more money from donor nations like the United States. “The prevailing Somali public view is that the electoral process will not be free, fair and transparent as vehemently claimed,” said Mohamud M. Uluso, a former Somali government official.",0
15257,Meryl Streep Does a Number on Donald Trump at Public Theater’s Gala - The New York Times,"At the moment that Hillary Clinton was all but clinching the Democratic nomination for president, Meryl Streep was on a stage in Central Park, impersonating Donald J. Trump. In orange face makeup and pompadoured hair, Ms. Streep, the chameleonic   Oscar winner, did a more than credible version of the presumptive Republican nominee, down to the pursed lips and   belly. She got the   voice, too, even while singing. Ms. Streep was part of the Public Theater’s gala benefit celebration on Monday night, a tribute to Shakespeare at the Delacorte Theater, home to Shakespeare in the Park. She was the closing act with Christine Baranski, doing “Brush Up Your Shakespeare,” a number from the Cole Porter musical “Kiss Me, Kate. ” “We could do a deal  —   you’ll let me know  —   why it is all the women say no?” she sang, stretching out her arms in a Trumpian gesture. Later she strolled the stage, gesticulating to the audience in Mr. Trump’s signature     style. The song, traditionally a duet for men, offers advice for picking up women  —   in this case, female voters. Some of the original lyrics were altered, but some could stand as is, for Mr. Trump’s combative attitude: “If she says your behavior is heinous, kick her right in the Coriolanus!” The crowd, which included Michael R. Bloomberg, the former mayor: the United States ambassador to the United Nations, Samantha Power   Miranda and Bette Midler, loved it. Her performance came as something of a surprise to the event organizers, who knew only that Ms. Streep, a supporter of Mrs. Clinton’s, wanted to take on Mr. Trump. “Utterly her idea, beginning to end,” Oskar Eustis, the Public’s artistic director, said after the show. “There were skeptics, there were doubters, but one of those skeptics was not Meryl Streep. She was absolutely sure she could do it. None of us had seen her in costume or makeup, till she walked out tonight. ” Ms. Streep skipped the dinner before the show to get into character, and spent time holed up in her dressing room. “She was showing us this thing that Donald Trump always does,” said the actress Kate Burton, who shared the dressing room with Ms. Streep along with Ms. Baranski, Lily Rabe and Phylicia Rashad. “He apparently does this thing, where he goes to close to his jacket but it doesn’t close all the way, and so he kind of goes for it and then he tries to close it again. ” It was a mannerism that only Ms. Streep seemed to catch, Ms. Burton said. “She treats this like she would her greatest roles: she’s working on it all the time. ” For the show, she came onstage in a black suit, white shirt and overlong, clownish red tie. Her transformation astounded her cast mates, who had only glimpsed her with the Trumpian coif in rehearsal. “She showed up, and I thought, ‘Meryl’s having a terrible hair day,’” said the Shakespeare in the Park veteran Hamish Linklater. (Ms. Burton reported that Ms. Streep even used her own hair: “She did some funky thing with pins. ”) Other performers watched from the wings as she and Ms. Baranski, in a black   pantsuit, did their finale. “She’s willing to try anything, and have fun with what she tries,” Mr. Eustis said of Ms. Streep, who has appeared at the Delacorte several times in starring roles. “She’s just fearless. ” Mr. Linklater, who played a comic Romeo in another number, called Ms. Streep’s take “naughty. ” But, he added, Shakespeare “wanted to be valuable to his times. And she gave a performance that was valuable to her times. So absolutely, she’s honoring the spirit of the evening. ” On Tuesday afternoon, shortly after her name trended on Twitter with news of the Trump portrayal, Ms. Streep issued an statement through a Public Theater spokeswoman. “I appreciate the interest, but this was a   a once in a (last in a) lifetime appearance of this character,” she said.",0
15258,You Will Soon Be Obsolete: “Plan Your Future Before THEY Plan It For You”,"The world is about to change drastically . Will you be ready for it? 
The Future Doesn’t Need Us… Or So We’ve Been Told. 
With the rise of technology and the real-time pressures of an online, global economy, humans will have to be very clever – and very careful – not to be left behind by the future. 
From the perspective of those in charge, human labor is losing its value, and people are becoming a liability. 
This documentary reveals the real motivation behind the secretive effort to reduce the population and bring resource use into strict, centralized control. 
Could it be that the biggest threat we face isn’t just automation and robots destroying jobs, but the larger sense that humans could become obsolete altogether?",0
15259,Watch: Senate Minority Leader Schumer Tears Up as He Vows to Fight Trump’s Ban - Breitbart,"Sunday at a press conference, Senate Minority Leader Chuck Schumer ( ) fought back tears as he vowed to do everything he can to “overturn” President Donald Trump’s executive order that halted immigration from seven   countries into the United States.  Schumer said, “This executive order was mean spirited and  . ” He added, “It must be reversed immediately. Senate Democrats are going to introduce legislation to overturn this and move it as quickly as we can. ” Follow Pam Key on Twitter @pamkeyNEN",0
15260,"IS Urges Jihadis To ’Dress Up Like Jews’, Carry Out Terror Attacks","TEL AVIV  —   Islamic State radicals are urging Western supporters to carry out terror attacks against Jewish communities by dressing up as Jews and using bombs, knives and  —   in the ultimate irony  —   the Israeli martial art of Krav Maga. [“IF YOU’RE STILL IN THE WEST! Dress up like a Jew! Go to your nearest Jewish area! Make sure you have plenty of weapons under your coat! Then unleash the pain of the Muslims upon these A. P. E. S!!!” a message on the   Telegram channel “Lone Mujahid” reportedly reads.  The chat room aims to help budding terrorists carry out “ ” attacks by providing PDFs and instructional videos on everything from the correct way to stab somebody to instructions for how to build a bomb. Incredibly, and without any apparent intention at satire, there are even   tutorials on Krav Maga, a martial art invented by Israelis that is based on Israeli military training. Another post on the channel contains a list of Jewish communities in the UK accompanied by a photo of Amedy Coulibaly, the terrorist responsible for killing a policewoman in Paris along with four hostages at the Hyper Cacher kosher supermarket. Late last year, Lone Mujahid posted a call urging fanatics to launch attacks on Christmas, Hanukkah and the New Year. “Christmas, Hanukah and New Years Day is very soon, InshaAllah. So let’s prepare a gift for the filthy pigs   apes,” reads one post, accompanied by a screenshot of a pressure cooker   tutorial. The loss of territory and the   challenges of reaching the Islamic State caliphate in Syria and Iraq has meant that the terror group has reduced its recruiting efforts for foreign fighters. Whereas foreign IS recruits peaked at 2, 000 per month, that number has dwindled to 50. Instead, the terror group is now appealing to jihadists who are likely to carry out attacks in their home cities. IS Commander Abu Mohammad Al Adnani, who was killed in in a coalition airstrike in August 2016, famously said, “If the tyrants have shut the doors of hijra [immigration to ISIS territories] in your face, then open the gate of jihad in their faces and make them regret their action. ” Jewish targets were prized even before the January 2015 attack in Paris. Mehdi Nemmouche, a    French national of Algerian origin who claimed to be an IS jihadi, opened fire in 2014 at the Jewish Museum in Brussels, killing three people. A fourth later died due to injuries sustained in the attack. The intended targets of last year’s suicide bomb attack at Brussels airport last year were also believed to be Jews and Americans. “We know they wanted to target Americans. It’s clear they had quite specific targets.   …     We know they were obsessed with the Israelis, too,” a source told the AFP. Meanwhile, in Israel, a Jewish Israeli who converted to Islam after serving in the Israeli army was arrested last month after trying to join the Islamic State in Syria, the Shin Bet security agency said on Wednesday.",0
15261,Vadim Gorshenin chairs Moscow Public Supervisory Commission,"Vadim Gorshenin chairs Moscow Public Supervisory Commission 02.11.2016 | Source: Source: Twitter/Maxim Grigoryev Chairman of the Board of Directors of Pravda.Ru Media Holding Vadim Gorshenin was elected the head of the Moscow Public Supervisory Commission that monitors the observation of human rights at detention centers and penal colonies. Mr. Gorshenin's deputy on the position is Eva Merkacheva, a journalist of the Moskovsky Komsomolets newspaper.""Congratulations are welcome: members of the Public Supervisory Commission of Moscow did me proud today by electing me the chairman of the commission. At my suggestion, prominent human rights activist Andrei Babushkin became the honorary chairman of the commission. First Deputy is Eva Merkacheva, who took part in the third composition of the commission as a deputy,"" Vadim Gorshenin wrote on his Facebook page. Among priority goals, Vadim Gorshenin pointed out meetings with administrations of law enforcement bodies, such as prisons and temporary detention facilities. The powers of the Public Supervisory Commission include visiting places of detention to monitor the observance of the rights of prisoners and temporarily detained individuals. Representatives of the commission may talk to prisoners and detainees about the conditions of their detention.We at Pravda.Ru heartily congratulate Pravda.Ru Vadim Gorshenin on his appointment as the head of the Public Supervisory Commission. Pravda.Ru Read article on the Russian version of Pravda.Ru",0
15262,Police Officer Fired After Accidentally Shooting Daughter,"
A North Carolina police officer has been terminated after shooting her own daughter. She was showing off her service weapon to guests at her home when the girl was shot in the abdomen.
A Lincoln County sheriff’s deputy is facing a double tragedy after accidentally shooting her daughter with her service firearm while off-duty. Misty Michelle Flowers allegedly had friends to her home Saturday night and was showing her service weapon to them when she accidentally fired.
The bullet traveled through a wall and hit her 11-year-old daughter in the abdomen, the Shelby Star reported .
The girl is expected to recover, unlike her mother’s career.
As a result, Flowers has been terminated and is being investigated by the State Bureau of Investigation.
While it is not uncommon for officers to bring their service weapons home with them after a shift, the sheriff’s office’s policy states, “ Members shall ensure that all firearms and ammunition are locked and secured while in their homes. ”
In addition, the policy manual states : “ Members should be aware that negligent storage of a firearm could result in civil liability. ”
Lincoln County Sheriff David Carpenter has made efforts to distance his department from Flowers’ actions, saying, “ I find gross negligence and disregard for the safety of others over what transpired Saturday. ”
He also reiterated how the department’s policy on storing firearms had been made clear, saying basic firearm safety measures are “ included in hundreds and hundreds of hours of training they received during basic law enforcement training and also during service training. ”
Flowers had been with the department since August 2015. She was terminated on Monday while at the hospital. Delivered by The Daily Sheeple 
We encourage you to share and republish our reports, analyses, breaking news and videos ( Click for details ). 
Contributed by RT.com of RT.com . ",0
15264,Euro-Russian Mars Lander May Have Exploded Due to Software Glitch,"Get short URL 0 13 0 0 This would actually be a best-case scenario for the European Space Agency, as a software glitch on the ExoMars Schiaparelli lander, which crashed on the surface of Mars October 19, would be easier to remedy than a hardware issue. 
Andrea Accomazzo, the ESA’s head of solar and planetary missions told the journal Nature, ""If we have a serious technological issue, then it’s different, then we have to re-evaluate carefully…But I don’t expect it to be the case."" © Photo: Pixabay If a Trip to Mars Doesn't Kill You It Might Cause Massive Brain Damage and More The spacecraft consisted of a Schiaparelli entry, descent and landing demonstrator module, and a Trace Gas Orbiter (TGO), and was a joint venture between ESA and Russian space agency Roscosmos. 
ExoMars’ chief objective was to confirm markers of active geological and biological processes on the red planet by seeking evidence of methane gases, which have been detected by past Mars missions, along with other atmospheric gases. 
Nature noted that the mission was ""a prelude to a planned 2020 mission, when researchers aim to land a much larger scientific station and rover on Mars, which will drill up to 2-metres down to look for signs of ancient life in the planet’s soil."" © Photo: Pixabay Next Small Step & Giant Leap: United States to Send Humans to Mars by 2030 
The TGO entered Mars orbit last week after a seventh-month trek and now makes it way around the planet every 4.2 days, but never sent back signals indicating that the descent module made a successful landing on the planet’s surface. NASA released images Friday taken by the Mars Reconnaissance Orbiter (MRO) that show what appeared to be scorch marks near the area where the craft was supposed to have touched down, implying that it may have exploded on impact. 
Project scientist Jorge Vago suggested that ExoMars’ parachute and heat shields may have deployed prematurely, and the thrusters, which are supposed to engage for 30 seconds, shut after three seconds due to a software glitch. © Photo: Pixabay Mars 'Ain't No Limit': Elon Musk Envisions Future Colonization of Space 
He told Nature, ""My guess is that at that point we were still too high…And the most likely scenario is that, from then, we just dropped to the surface."" An investigation is ongoing, and data gleaned over the near future will determine whether ExoMars is intact, but the ESA said all of the craft’s main goals had been achieved and the mission was a success, despite the unexpected impact. 
""As it is, we have one part that works very well and one part that didn’t work as we expected,” said Vago. “The silver lining is that we think we have in hand the necessary information to fix the problem."" 
The ESA had a similar experience in 2003 when the British-led Beagle 2 mission disappeared attempting to make a Christmas Day landing on Mars. ...",0
15265,A Hillary Clinton indictment is coming,"VIDEOS A Hillary Clinton indictment is coming At this point, the struggle between the FBI and the Department of Justice is being described as “a civil war” By Michael Snyder - November 4, 2016 Doesn’t it seem like most of us are collectively holding our breath as we wait to see what will happen with this election? We are now only a handful of days away from election day and the polls have really tightened up , there are unprecedented concerns about post-election violence , and the Democratic nominee for president could be indicted literally any day now. The American people are going to be absolutely shocked when the FBI finally reveals what they have discovered regarding Hillary Clinton’s mishandling of classified materials, corruption at the Clinton Foundation, and other “stomach churning” matters that normally aren’t topics of polite conversation. Without a doubt, a Hillary Clinton indictment is coming. The only question now is when it will happen. 
The moment that FBI Director James Comey sent his letter to Congress, he knew that someone’s head was going on the chopping block. If Hillary Clinton does not get indicted, Comey’s career is over and there is a very good chance that he will be going to prison instead. There is no way that he would have ever put himself on the line like this if extremely powerful evidence had not already been found against Clinton. 
Because without a doubt, the vultures are circling. Just consider what House Minority Leader Nancy Pelosi recently told CNN about Comey… …Nancy Pelosi has claimed that FBI Director Comey is “not in the right job,” following his decision to reopen the investigation into Hillary Clinton’s misuse of a private email server. “Maybe he’s not in the right job,” Pelosi said in an interview with CNN . “I think that we have to just get through this election and just see what the casualties are along the way,” she continued, refusing to answer a question on whether she thought the FBI director should resign. 
If it turns out that this investigation into Hillary Clinton’s emails was renewed for no good reason, Comey is going to be strung out to dry, and he knows this. 
Fortunately for Comey, there are reports that indicate that the evidence the FBI is compiling in this case is absolutely overwhelming. The following comes from Infowars … According to other uncovered emails, Abedin and Clinton both sent and received thousands of classified and top secret documents to personal email accounts including Weiner’s unsecured campaign web site which is managed by Democratic political consultants in Washington D.C. Weiner maintained little known email accounts that the couple shared on the website anthonyweiner.com. Weiner, a former seven-term Democratic Congressman from New York, primarily used that domain to campaign for Congress and for his failed mayoral bid of New York City. At one point, FBI sources said, Abedin and Clinton’s classified and top secret State Department documents and emails were stored in Weiner’s email on a server shared with a dog grooming service and a western Canadian bicycle shop. 
If you even send a single classified document outside of a secure channel that is a major criminal offense. 
So if there are “thousands” of these emails as some reports are indicating, that should be enough to lock Hillary Clinton up for the rest of her life. According to investigative journalist Jerome Corsi , what Clinton and her close associates have done is “an obvious violation of the law”… “The rules for handling classified materials is you’ve got to handle them on secured channels. You can’t let them go on an insecure channel,” Corsi said. “Clearly, sending these emails to Yahoo.com – and we know some of them had classified material because they’ve been marked classified – is a violation of the law, and it doesn’t require intent.” He said Clinton and Abedin could have avoided this entire scandal by establishing secure government accounts and not sending any of it to private accounts. “This was such an obvious violation of law, and perhaps leading to an espionage case or a treason case, that when presented to Comey, he really had no alternative than to go forward,” Corsi said. 
But this isn’t the only investigation that could lead to a Hillary Clinton indictment. According to Fox News Channel’s Bret Baier , the FBI investigation into corruption at the Clinton Foundation is also “likely to lead to an indictment”… Two sources with intimate knowledge of the FBI’s investigations told Fox News Wednesday that a probe of the Clinton Foundation is likely to lead to an indictment . 
Fox News’s Bret Baier said Wednesday that the FBI probe into a possible pay-to-play scheme between Democratic presidential nominee Hillary Clinton and the Clinton Foundation has been going on for over a year.Sources told the news network that the investigation, which is conducted by the White Collar Crime division of the FBI, is a “very high priority.” 
One of the anonymous sources told Baier that the amount of evidence now being uncovered is equivalent to “an avalanche coming in every day.” 
If what these two sources have told Baier is true, then this changes everything. The following is how Real Clear Politics summarized the most important pieces of information from this report… 1. The Clinton Foundation investigation is far more expansive than anybody has reported so far and has been going on for more than a year. 2. The laptops of Clinton aides Cherryl Mills and Heather Samuelson have not been destroyed, and agents are currently combing through them. The investigation has interviewed several people twice, and plans to interview some for a third time. 3. Agents have found emails believed to have originated on Hillary Clinton’s secret server on Anthony Weiner’s laptop. They say the emails are not duplicates and could potentially be classified in nature. 4. Sources within the FBI have told Baier that an indictment is “likely” in the case of pay-for-play at the Clinton Foundation, “barring some obstruction in some way” from the Justice Department. 5. FBI sources say with 99% accuracy that Hillary Clinton’s server has been hacked by at least five foreign intelligence agencies, and that information have been taken from it. 
It is also being reported that the Department of Justice tried unsuccessfully to stop the investigation into the Clinton Foundation. 
At this point, the struggle between the FBI and the Department of Justice is being described as “a civil war”. The Department of Justice is obviously extremely pro-Clinton, and meanwhile over at the FBI many agents consider Hillary Clinton to be “the antichrist personified” … The currently serving FBI agent said Clinton is “the antichrist personified to a large swath of FBI personnel,” and that “the reason why they’re leaking is they’re pro-Trump.” The agent called the bureau “Trumplandia”, with some colleagues openly discussing voting for a GOP nominee who has garnered unprecedented condemnation from the party’s national security wing and who has pledged to jail Clinton if elected. 
Perhaps if Hillary Clinton had not made it a habit to regularly cuss out Secret Service agents and other law enforcement personnel over the past several decades she would have more friends in the FBI. 
To a certain extent, this is simply a case of the chickens coming home to roost. 
And at this point, even some of Hillary’s biggest supporters in the media are turning on her. Just consider what Chris Matthews of CNBC is saying about her… “You know what I think? I’m going to be more judgmental than Beth who’s a straight reporter. I’ll make a judgment. Every time I watch a politician engage in a certain pattern of behavior before they go to the White House, they continue to engage in that pattern afterwards. People don’t change because we swear them into the White House. They become that person big-time. And the Clintons were raising money like this hand over hand, hand over fist, back in 1996, using—we called it Motel 6. They were hoarding them in, pulling them in by train loads of contributors and then letting them sit in the Lincoln bedroom for a while and charging them by the hour. You can still vote for Hillary Clinton, but remember, you’re getting this as part of the package, because that’s been their pattern. “ 
Voting has already begun in most states, and Americans are facing a historic choice. 
If they choose to elect the most wicked politician of this generation despite everything that has been revealed about her, I think that will speak volumes about where we stand as a nation. 
Our leaders in Washington D.C. reflect who we are as a country. If if we willingly send Hillary Clinton to the White House, the truth is that we will fully deserve everything that happens to us afterwards.",0
15266,Standing Rock Protests: Police Turn In Badges Rather Than Incite Violence,"Share on Facebook It should be evident if you’re following news concerning the Standing Rock protests in North Dakota that tension continues to escalate between protestors supporting the Standing Rock Sioux Tribe and riot police. The big deal? A four-state Dakota Access Pipeline which threatens to uproot sacred burial ground, poison the Missouri river, and make null an 1881 treaty ensuring the property belongs to the Standing Rock Sioux tribe. In addition to being maced and beaten with batons, activists have been tased and even shot with rubber bullets . Despite the violence taking place, tribal leaders continue to ask all “water protectors” to maintain peaceful relations and rely on prayer as the only weapon used to halt construction of the DAPL. After watching videos of the mass arrests and beating that have taken place , many have asked how those employed by the State can continue to terrorize weaponless protestors. Surely, some form of cognitive dissonance must be taking place? For some, most likely, and that's undoubtedly what inspired at least two officers to turn in their badges today. According to an activist named Redhawk, there have been reports of at least two officers turning in their badges after acknowledging that the battle against the American people is not what they signed up for. On Facebook, the activist wrote : “You can see it in some of them, that they do not support the police actions. We must keep reminding them they are welcome to put down their weapons and badge and take a stand against this pipeline as well. The comments on the ordeal have been quite positive. Charlotte Holywater Vincent wrote, “Brave to stand up for what is right ! To hand over years of training and service in a little metal badge and then stand on the side of humanity.” Ron Hemming, who reportedly is a retired deputy in Washington, shared his thoughts: “As a retired deputy in Washington state, I would have refused to go on a detail such as this. As I am also part native blood, I stand with my relatives on the front line protecting the water from the black snake. Be safe, stay strong.” Related:",0
15267,#2817: Serco's Zulu Starnet Blackmail – Clinton 8(a) Pig Farm Bridge – Soros Patent Vote,"United States Marine Field McConnell  Plum City Online - ( AbelDanger.net )  October 27, 2016 
1. Abel Danger ( AD ) claims that Serco began providing Zulu-timing signals through servers in the Vancouver B.C. offices of Starnet Communications in 1996 to record bets by prospective blackmail victims on the time of death of adults and children in live-broadcast snuff films. 

2. AD claims that Hillary Clinton deployed Serco 8(a) companies to Vancouver in August 1999 to confiscate the Starnet servers – together with all the betting records of snuff films produced at the Pickton pig farm – and transfer them to blackmailers embedded in the Federal Bridge Certification Authority. 

3. AD claims that Serco 's blackmailers on the federal bridge have forced the US Patent and Trademark Office to issue Zulu time lapse keys to a voting pad input device (US 7537159 B2) with which the George Soros-tied company Smartmatic can allegedly switch votes from Donald Trump to Hillary Clinton. 

4. United States Marine Field McConnell – Global Operations Director of Abel Danger – has offered to serve as a five-star general in a future Trump administration so he can first recognize and then destroy Clinton's pig-farm bridge to Serco 's 8(a) blackmailers in the patent office. 


Media Coverage of Starnet Raid - August 20, 1999 
Soros Linked Voting Machines To Be Used In Key Battleground States   
Note the ransom equals the bonus paid by Lockheed Martin Sister Lynne Cheney to JonBenet's father 


Hillary Clinton vs. James Comey: Email Scandal Supercut  
Copy of SERCO GROUP PLC: List of Subsidiaries AND Shareholders! [Note British and Saudi Governments, AXA, HSBC , Teachers' and Gold man Sachs]    
Defense Ammunition Center [Outsourced to Serco ]   
Serco ... Would you like to know more?  

""Digital Fires Instructor Serco - Camp Pendleton, CA Uses information derived from all military disciplines (e.g., aviation, ground combat, command and control, combat service support, intelligence, and opposing forces) to determine changes in enemy capabilities, vulnerabilities, and probable courses of action."" 

""Concern Grows Over Soros-Linked Voting Machines   
Sixteen states may be using balloting equipment from a company tied to the leftist billionaire  
by Edmund Kozak | Updated 24 Oct 2016 at 5:21 PM  
Concern is growing over revelations that voting machines in a significant number of states could be linked to a company tied directly to billionaire leftist George Soros and his personal quest to create a nationless, borderless global state. 

The U.K.-based Smartmatic company posted a flow-chart on its website that it had provided voting machines for 16 states, including important battleground states like Florida and Arizona. Smartmatic Chairman Mark Malloch-Brown is a former U.N. official and sits on the board of Soros’ Open Society Foundations. Since the story first broke, the flow-chart has disappeared from Smartmatic’s website, raising further questions about the real status of the Soros-tied voting equipment and whether it is truly being deployed in U.S. elections. 

If Malloch-Brown's Soros ties weren't troubling enough, he also has ties to the Clintons through his work at two consulting firms. 

According to a spokesperson for the National Association of Secretaries of State, Smartmatic is not on a list of federally certified providers for election systems and officials in several states’ have contested that their equipment came from Smartmatic. Why, then, had Smartmatic bragged about providing over 50,000 voting machines for U.S. elections?"" 

""Check http://www.gmanetwork.com/news/story/309533/opinion/why-have-all-the-digital-signatures-from-the-election-returns-been-stripped "" 

""Electronic voting pad input device, system and method  
US 7537159  
B2 ABSTRACT  
In the preferred embodiment, the invention is a data entry device intended for use by voters during an election to enter selected choices. Its basic functions are to display available options and accept voter input. Its design achieves simplicity in its preparation, deployment, and operation at any given electoral event. It also furnishes accuracy, reliability, durability, and reusability. It connects in a standard protocol to a voting station's host processor. It accepts up to 300 key codes, each one potentially a unique selection. Names, symbols, or pictures identifying candidates are printed on a paper template compliant with the device's geometry, inserted prior to an election, and visible through the device's transparent cover. When the number of candidates or valid options in a contest exceeds its capacity, additional identical units can be chain-connected, until a sufficient number of voting options are available. 

Publication number: US7537159 B2  
Publication type: Grant  
Application number: US 11/160,782  
Publication date: May 26, 2009  
Filing date: Jul 8, 2005  
Priority date: Jul 8, 2005  
Fee status: Paid  
Also published as: US20070007340   
Inventors: Antonio Mugica , 4 More »  
Original Assignee: Smartmatic International Corporation   
Export Citation: BiBTeX, EndNote, Ref Man Patent Citations (12), Referenced by (4), Classifications (7), Legal Events (7)  
External Links: USPTO , USPTO Assignment , Espacenet ""  

Starnet CEO heads to court; hiring continues; sweet deals in Antigua   
Friday Aug 27 1999  
by Brent Mudry  
CEO SEEKS TO BLOCK ACCESS TO SENSITIVE RECORDS 

In the first legal challenge to the Starnet Communications International police raid, Starnet chief executive Mark Dohlen has launched a court action seeking to assert solicitor-client privilege over certain documents and records seized during searches of Starnet's corporate headquarters and his personal residence a week ago. In a motion filed Thursday in the Supreme Court of British Columbia, prominent Vancouver criminal defence lawyer Ian Donaldson seeks to block police access to sensitive records seized by members of the RCMP and the Co-ordinated Law Enforcement Unit on Aug. 20. 

Certain disputed files have been sealed in court pending resolution of the privilege claim. An initial court hearing has been scheduled for Tuesday morning on the search warrant challenge. 

HIRING SPREE SEEKS PORN-PEDDLER, OTHERS 

In an unrelated Starnet matter, the Vancouver-based Internet gambling and pornography company appears eager to mount a new hiring spree, recruiting staff in numerous positions, including its porn division, which it hopes to quickly sell off. 

In a large ad on Thursday in The Georgia Straight, a Vancouver weekly entertainment newspaper, Starnet is soliciting a marketing representative for its entertainment division, amongst numerous other posted jobs. ""Do you have the ability to 'think outside the curve'?,"" Starnet asks in its porn-peddler posting. The company states that this position requires strategic thinking and implementation, directly relating to Redlight.com and Adultv.com. 

Queasy web-surfers may want to take a pass on these sites, at least Redlight.com, which offers a much harder-core home page than Starnet's main porn sites, Sizzler.com and Chisel.com. Redlight.com's home page offers an extremely explicit mix of ""teaser"" shots, including a graphic live-sex video clip. While Starnet wants to dump its porn business, its latest ad seeks a marketer to maintain continual market research of new forms of advertising and demographics, with ""overall participation in the team effort."" The Thursday recruitment ad came three days after Starnet's Monday disclosure that it hopes to quickly auction off its adult entertainment division assets, with documentation to be complete in 30 days. 

This Redlight.com site happens to be the same Starnet site targeted by the police in their proposed single criminal count of adult pornography. While no charges have yet been laid against Starnet or any directors or employees, the ""information to obtain,"" a court-filed document supporting the search warrant, notes eight proposed counts, including one of possession, for the purpose of publication, distribution or circulation, computerized pictures depicting obscene acts. The police note that ""Fetish,"" one of Redlight.com's seven sections, shows 84 images of nude bondage, women with clamps on body parts, women with horse bridles and bits in their mouths, and women hanging by their arms from straps or belts. 

The latest Starnet recruitment ad also suggests it is ""business as usual"" at Starnet, despite the week-ago raid by more than 100 officers from the RCMP, CLEU, the Ontario Provincial Police, the United States Customs Service and the U.S. Internal Revenue Service. 

The Georgia Straight ad seeks a WorldBroadcasts.com manager, an Internet marketing manager, HTML programmers, graphic designers, an investor relations administrative assistant, an adminstrative assistant of production and sports odds analysts. Starnet seeks ""open-minded, innovative people who enjoy working in a dynamic, fun, team atmosphere and are able to work creatively under pressure."" 

""BREAKING: @HillaryClinton's E-Mail Server Company Got Almost $1 Million In Gov't Loans After Wiping E-Mails   
OCTOBER 26, 2016  
BY CHARLES C. JOHNSON 6 COMMENTS  
Give it up already. It's over. K. J. Gillenwater was the primary researcher behind this story. 

Hillary Clinton's e-mail server company got almost $1 million in government loans starting immediately after they were secretly asked to wipe Hillary Clinton's name from her e-mails. 

Platte River Networks (PRN) got a $493,000 loan from the Small Business Administration in August 2014 and another $350,000 loan in September 2015: 

Public government data available as USAspending.gov 

The first half-million dollar loan arrived not one month after PRN employee Paul Combetta was caught accidentally revealing his company was deleting evidence at Hillary's request in July 2014 . 

The second $350,000 loan came about one year later. 

You won't hear this stuff from the lying mainstream media. Keep the GotNews mission alive: donate at GotNews.com/donate or send tips to editor@gotnews.com. If you'd like to join our research team, contacteditor@gotnews.com. 

After getting the first loan, PRN moved to a large office space after previously working out of the owner’s condo. The head of the Small Business Administration is Maria Contreras-Sweet , a Mexican immigrant who was appointed to the office by Barack Obama two months before Hillary's PRN got the first loan. 

WikiLeaks leaks have proven Hillary's corrupt pay-to-play scheme. GotNews has shined a light on how Hillary gets favors from Hispanic and Democratic government bureaucrats before . 

Did Hillary Clinton pay her e-mail server company Platte River Networks (PRN) with almost $1 million in favorable government loans — given out by a political friendly — in order to alter her illegal e-mails and get her name off them? 

It sure looks like it. 

A Freedom of Information Act (FOIA) request has been lodged for more information. 

Stay tuned for more. 

K. J. Gillenwater was the primary researcher behind this story.""  

""Police conclude search of Starnet   
CBC News Posted: Aug 24, 1999 11:26 AM ET Last Updated: Aug 24, 1999 11:26 AM ET  
Police have wrapped up several days of searching the offices of Starnet Communications in Vancouver. They entered the company offices and homes of some directors on Friday. 

Police were looking for evidence of illegal gambling, distributing child pornography, and money laundering. Since the raid, Starnet officials say police just don't understand their business. 

The search warrant details 18 months of police investigation. It traces a network of companies registered in American and Caribbean jurisdictions. 

The warrant also identifies Vancouver as the centre of Starnet's operations, even though this is a grey under Canadian law. 

Police note that Starnet's revenues grew dramatically in the past two years, from betting and sex shows and from lucrative licensing agreements for its gaming software. The investigations and pornography from company sites were grounds for Friday's raid and seizure of company materials. 

RCMP Constable Peter Thiessen says investigators left Starnet offices yesterday morning. He says, ""They spent the better part of three days going through the business. And as a result of that search the investigation is continuing, but no charges have been laid."" Starnet's many investors were spooked by the raid. Share prices dropped almost 70-percent on Friday. However, the company insists the raid had minimal effect on its operation. Stocks rose slightly yesterday after a day of very heavy trading. 

In written statements, company CEO Mark Dohlen said the Wall Street Journal calls Starnet the leader in Internet gaming and entertainment. He says companies like his, those on the cutting edge, are often misunderstood. Yesterday, Starnet announced it will sell off the sex side of its business. It plans to focus more resources on gaming. 

The Police investigation is expected to last for several more months."" 

""Super Serco bulldozes ahead  
By DAILY MAIL REPORTER UPDATED: 23:00 GMT, 1 September 2004 
SERCO has come a long way since the 1960s when it ran the 'four-minute warning' system to alert the nation to a ballistic missile attack. 

Today its £10.3bn order book is bigger than many countries' defence budgets. It is bidding for a further £8bn worth of contracts and sees £16bn of 'opportunities'. 

Profit growth is less ballistic. The first-half pre-tax surplus rose 4% to £28.1m, net profits just 1% to £18m. Stripping out goodwill, the rise was 17%, with dividends up 12.5% to 0.81p. 

Serco runs the Docklands Light Railway, five UK prisons, airport radar and forest bulldozers in Florida.""  

"" Serco farewell to NPL after 19 years of innovation 8 January 2015 Serco said goodbye to the National Physical Laboratory (NPL) at the end of December 2014 after 19 years of extraordinary innovation and science that has seen the establishment build a world-leading reputation and deliver billions of pounds of benefit for the UK economy. During that period under Serco 's management and leadership, NPL has delivered an extraordinary variety and breadth of accomplishments for the UK's economy and industry. Some of the key achievements during that time have been:… It has been estimated that work carried out by the Centre of Carbon Measurement at NPL will save eight million tonnes of carbon emissions reductions (2% of UK footprint) and over half a billion pounds in economic benefit over the next decade…. NPL's caesium fountain atomic clock is accurate to 1 second in 158 million years and NPL is playing a key role in introducing rigour to high frequency trading [for Serco 's front running banks] in the City through NPL [Zulu] Time."" 

""UK Cabinet Office – Emergency Planning College – Serco …..Types of Exercise Workshop Exercises These are structured discussion events where participants can explore issues in a less pressurised environment. They are an ideal way of developing solutions, procedures and plans rather than the focus being on decision making. Table Top Exercises These involve a realistic scenario and will follow a time line, either in real-time or with time jumps to concentrate on the more important areas. The participants would be expected to be familiar with the plans and procedures that are being used although the exercise tempo and complexity can be adjusted to suit the current state of training and readiness. Simulation and media play can be used to support the exercise. Table-top exercises help develop teamwork and allow participants to gain a better understanding of their roles and that of other agencies and organisations. Command/Control Post Exercises These are designed primarily to exercise the senior leadership and support staff in collective planning and decision making within a strategic grouping. Ideally such exercises would be run from the real command and control locations and using their communications and information systems [Feeling lucky, Punk?] . This could include a mix of locations and varying levels of technical simulation support. The Gold Standard system is flexible to allow the tempo and intensity to be adjusted to ensure maximum training benefit, or to fully test and evaluate the most important aspects of a plan. Such exercises also test information flow, communications, equipment, procedures, decision making and coordination. Live Exercises These can range from testing individual components of a system or organisation through to a full-scale rehearsal. They are particularly useful where there are regulatory requirements or with high-risk situations. They are more complex and costly to organise and deliver but can be integrated with Command Post Exercises as part of a wider exercising package.""  

""Christopher Rajendran Hyman CBE (born 5 July 1963 in Durban, South Africa)[1] was Chief Executive of Serco Group plc from 2002 to October 2013.[2] … On graduation, he worked for Arthur Andersen. In 1989, he won an 18-month exchange with Ernst & Young in London, who employed him after four months.[1] Head hunted in 1994 by Serco , Hyman became European finance director, and in 1999 was made group finance director. In 2002, Hyman became chief executive. .. Hyman resigned from his role of Chief Executive of Serco on 25 October 2013 following allegations that Serco had overcharged government customers. .. He was [making a presentation to Serco shareholder, including British and Saudi governments] on the 47th floor of the World Trade Center [North Tower] at the time of the September 11 attacks in 2001."" 

""July 7, 2016 Developments in PKI occurred in the early 1970s at the British intelligence agency GCHQ , where James Ellis , Clifford Cocks and others made important discoveries related to encryption algorithms and key distribution.[ 19 ] However, as developments at GCHQ are highly classified, the results of this work were kept secret and not publicly acknowledged until the mid-1990s. 

The public disclosure of both secure key exchange and asymmetric key algorithms in 1976 by Diffie, Hellman , Rivest, Shamir , and Adleman changed secure communications entirely. With the further development of high-speed digital electronic communications (the Internet and its predecessors), a need became evident for ways in which users could securely communicate with each other, and as a further consequence of that, for ways in which users could be sure with whom they were actually interacting. 

Assorted cryptographic protocols were invented and analyzed within which the new cryptographic primitives could be effectively used. With the invention of the World Wide Web and its rapid spread, the need for authentication and secure communication became still more acute. Commercial reasons alone (e.g., e-commerce, online access to proprietary databases from web browsers) were sufficient. Taher Elgamal and others at Netscape developed the SSL protocol ('https' in Web URLs); it included key establishment, server authentication (prior to v3, one-way only), and so on. A PKI structure was thus created for Web users/sites wishing secure communications. 

Vendors and entrepreneurs saw the possibility of a large market, started companies (or new projects at existing companies), and began to agitate for legal recognition and protection from liability. An American Bar Association technology project published an extensive analysis of some of the foreseeable legal aspects of PKI operations (see ABA digital signature guidelines), and shortly thereafter, several U.S. states (Utah being the first in 1995) and other jurisdictions throughout the world began to enact laws and adopt regulations. Consumer groups raised questions about privacy, access, and liability considerations, which were more taken into consideration in some jurisdictions than in others. 

The enacted laws and regulations differed, there were technical and operational problems in converting PKI schemes into successful commercial operation, and progress has been much slower than pioneers had imagined it would be. 

By the first few years of the 21st century, the underlying cryptographic engineering was clearly not easy to deploy correctly. Operating procedures (manual or automatic) were not easy to correctly design (nor even if so designed, to execute perfectly, which the engineering required). The standards that existed were insufficient. 

PKI vendors have found a market, but it is not quite the market envisioned in the mid-1990s, and it has grown both more slowly and in somewhat different ways than were anticipated.[20] PKIs have not solved some of the problems they were expected to, and several major vendors have gone out of business or been acquired by others. PKI has had the most success in government implementations; the largest PKI implementation to date is the Defense Information Systems Agency (DISA) PKI infrastructure for the Common Access Cards program.""  

Base One Technologies – Corporate Strategy – We are a Government Certified Women-Owned Business   
We practice Diversity Recruitment and Staffing for IT positions Base One was founded in 1994 by a women engineer who had made a career in technology research for many years. Base One has been very successful in focusing on diversity recruiting and staffing for IT projects. It has been our experience that the greater the diversity mix, the more creative the solution. As in any field the more diverse the viewpoint the more thorough your analysis. Our engineers can think out of the box. 

Because of our affiliations we have access to pools of resources among more diverse groups & individuals. We work with a large pool of minority professionals who specialize in IT skills. We are able to have access to these resources through our status as a D/MWBD firm and our affiliations. These affiliations assist us in working with resources among more diverse groups & individuals. We are also partnered with firms that are 8A certified as Minority firms, Disabled Veteran firms, Native American firms, Vietnam veteran firms, women owned firms. 

Our hub zone location keeps us close to the professional organizations of great diversity. We are active in recruiting from and networking with these community organizations of local IT professionals. This has given us access to a large pool of diversity talent. 

Base One's staff of engineers are a diverse group of professionals. This diverse network of engineers helps us to branch out to other engineers and creates an even larger network of resources for us to work with. 

The greater the diversity the more complete & thorough the analysis. The broader the spectrum of points of view the broader the scope of the analysis. We feel that a diverse team gives us a greater advantage in creating cutting edge solutions. To that end we will continue to nurture these relationships to further extend our talent pool. 

The greater the diversity mix, the more creative the solution. 

The more diverse the viewpoint, the more thorough the analysis. 

The more diverse our team, the more our engineers can think out of the box. 

This is why Base One Technologies concentrates on diversity recruitment in the belief that a diverse team gives us a greater advantage in creating cutting edge solutions."" 

Information Security Planning is the process whereby an organization seeks to protect its operations and assets from data theft or computer hackers that seek to obtain unauthorized information or sabotage business operations. 

Key Clients Benefiting From Our Information Security Expertise: Pentagon Renovation Program, FAA, Citigroup, MCI. 

Base One Technologies 

Expertly researches, designs, and develops information security policies that protect your data and manage your firm's information technology risk at levels acceptable to your business. 

Performs architectural assessments and conducts both internal and external penetration testing. The results of these efforts culminate in an extensive risk analysis and vulnerabilities report. 

Develops, implements and supports Information Security Counter measures such as honey-pots and evidence logging and incident documentation processes and solutions."" 

""Base One Technologies, Ltd. is a DOMESTIC BUSINESS CORPORATION, located in New York, NY and was formed on Feb 15, 1994. This file was obtained from the Secretary of State and has a file number of 1795583. "" 

""Serco's Office of Partner Relations (OPR) helps facilitate our aggressive small business utilization and growth strategies. Through the OPR, Serco mentors four local small businesses under formal Mentor Protégé Agreements: Three sponsored by DHS (Base One Technologies, TSymmetry, Inc., and HeiTech Services, Inc.,) and the fourth sponsored by GSA (DKW Communications, Inc.). Serco and HeiTech Services were awarded the 2007 DHS Mentor Protégé Team Award for exceeding our mentoring goals."" http://www.dtic.mil/whs/directives/corres/pdf/100515p.pdf 

""Opened in 1994 as the successor to the Transitional Immigrant Visa Processing Center in Rosslyn, Va., the NVC centralizes all immigrant visa pre-processing and appointment scheduling for overseas posts. The NVC collects paperwork and fees before forwarding a case, ready for adjudication, to the responsible post. 

The center also handles immigrant and fiancé visa petitions, and while it does not adjudicate visa applications, it provides technical assistance and support to visa-adjudicating consular officials overseas. 

Only two Foreign Service officers, the director and deputy director, work at the center, along with just five Civil Service employees. They work with almost 500 contract employees doing preprocessing of visas, making the center one of the largest employers in the Portsmouth area. 

The contractor, Serco , Inc., has worked with the NVC since its inception and with the Department for almost 18 years. 

The NVC houses more than 2.6 million immigrant visa files, receives almost two million pieces of mail per year and received more than half a million petitions from the U.S. Citizenship and Immigration Service (USCIS) in 2011. Its file rooms' high-density shelves are stacked floor-to-ceiling with files, each a collection of someone’s hopes and dreams and each requiring proper handling. …. 

The NVC also preprocesses the chief of mission (COM) application required for the filing of a petition for a Special Immigrant Visa (SIV). Such visas, for foreign nationals who have performed services for the U.S. government in Iraq and Afghanistan, require COM concurrence before the applicant can file a petition with USCIS. The NVC collects the requisite documents from such applicants and, when complete, forwards the package to the U.S. embassies in Baghdad or Kabul for COM approval"" 

Yours sincerely, 

Field McConnell, United States Naval Academy, 1971; Forensic Economist; 30 year airline and 22 year military pilot; 23,000 hours of safety; Tel: 715 307 8222 

David Hawkins Tel: 604 542-0891 Forensic Economist; former leader of oil-well blow-out teams; now sponsors Grand Juries in CSI Crime and Safety Investigation 
",0
15268,Cheyenne River Sioux Chairman Brings Pipeline Opposition to Meeting With President Obama,"Cheyenne River Sioux Chairman Brings Pipeline Opposition to Meeting With President Obama Cheyenne River Sioux Chairman Brings Pipeline Opposition to Meeting With President Obama By 0 52 
Vehicle lights, streaked by a long, late evening exposure, cuts through the campsite set up to protest the Dakota Access oil pipeline, near Cannon Ball, North Dakota, on October 8, 2016. (Photo: Kristina Barker / The New York Times) 
The stand-off between the Standing Rock Sioux and the Dakota Access pipeline shows no sign of letting up. Indigenous opponents of the four-state, nearly $4 billion dollar pipeline have set up another encampment. 
Members of the Great Sioux Nation say they are invoking eminent domain over land rightfully theirs under an 1851 treaty; and have situated their Winter Camp directly in the path of the pipeline. Energy Transfer Partners, developers of the massive pipeline that would run beneath the Missouri River, says the land belongs to the company after they recently purchased the tract from a farmer. 
According to the Morton County Sheriff’s Department, six states have deployed law enforcement officers to the area. Tuesday night in a Facebook post, the department said private security hired by Energy Transfer Partners who unleashed attack dogs and pepper spray on protesters in early September were not licensed and could face prosecution. 
Hundreds of people have been arrested during months of protest; most on minor trespass charges. Yet many have been subjected to strip searches and jailed. 
FSRN’s Nell Abram spoke with Cheyenne River Sioux Chairman Harold Frazier, who met with President Barack Obama Tuesday to discuss the pipeline project, and the militarized police response to the protests. 
Download Audio 
Nell Abram: Chairman Frazier, thanks for joining us on FSRN. You spoke with President Obama and asked him to him protect the rights of the Lakota people, their sacred sites and the waters of the Missouri River. How did your conversation go? 
Harold Frazier: You know, I was a little hopeful, but I guess I kind of got what I expected. There’s court cases proceeding. One of the things they assured me is that he is going to follow, continue the…",0
15269,The Dark Agenda Behind Globalism And Open Borders,"Date: October 28, 2016 in: Global Bankster Takeover , Globalism , Government Control , New World Order , Sleuth Journal , Society , Special Interests , World News When people unfamiliar with the liberty movement stumble onto the undeniable fact of the “conspiracy” of globalism they tend to look for easy answers to understand what it is and why it exists. Most people today have been conditioned to perceive events from a misinterpreted standpoint of “Occam’s Razor” — they wrongly assume that the simplest explanation is probably the right one. In fact, this is not what Occam’s Razor states. Instead, to summarize, it states that the simplest explanation GIVEN THE EVIDENCE at hand is probably the right explanation. It has been well known and documented for decades that the push for globalism is a deliberate and focused effort on the part of a select “elite;” international financiers, central bankers, political leaders and the numerous members of exclusive think tanks. They often openly admit their goals for total globalization in their own publications, perhaps believing that the uneducated commoners would never read them anyway. Carroll Quigley, mentor to Bill Clinton and member of the Council on Foreign Relations, is often quoted with open admissions to the general scheme: “The powers of financial capitalism had (a) far-reaching aim, nothing less than to create a world system of financial control in private hands able to dominate the political system of each country and the economy of the world as a whole. This system was to be controlled in a feudalist fashion by the central banks of the world acting in concert, by secret agreements arrived at in frequent meetings and conferences. The apex of the systems was to be the Bank for International Settlements in Basel, Switzerland; a private bank owned and controlled by the world’s central banks which were themselves private corporations. Each central bank… sought to dominate its government by its ability to control Treasury loans, to manipulate foreign exchanges, to influence the level of economic activity in the country, and to influence cooperative politicians by subsequent economic rewards in the business world.” – Carroll Quigley, Tragedy And Hope The people behind the effort to enforce globalism are tied together by a particular ideology, perhaps even a cult-like religion, in which they envision a world order as described in Plato’s Republic. They believe that they are “chosen” either by fate, destiny or genetics to rule as philosopher kings over the rest of us. They believe that they are the wisest and most capable that humanity has to offer, and that through evolutionary means, they can create chaos and order out of thin air and mold society at will. This mentality is evident in the systems that they build and exploit. For example, central banking in general is nothing more than a mechanism for driving nations into debt, currency devaluation, and ultimately, enslavement through widespread economic extortion. The end game for central banks is, I believe, the triggering of historic financial crisis, which can then be used by the elites as leverage to promote complete global centralization as the only viable solution. This process of destabilizing economies and societies is not directed by the heads of the various central banks. Instead, it is directed by even more central global institutions like the International Monetary Fund and the Bank for International Settlements, as outlined in revealing mainstream articles like Ruling The World Of Money published by Harpers Magazine. We also find through the words of globalists that the campaign for a “new world order” is not meant to be voluntary. “… When the struggle seems to be drifting definitely towards a world social democracy, there may still be very great delays and disappointments before it becomes an efficient and beneficent world system. Countless people … will hate the new world order … and will die protesting against it. When we attempt to evaluate its promise, we have to bear in mind the distress of a generation or so of malcontents, many of them quite gallant and graceful-looking people.” – HG Welles, Fabian Socialist and author of The New World Order “In short, the ‘house of world order’ will have to be built from the bottom up rather than f rom the top down. It will look like a great ‘booming, buzzing confusion,’ to use William James’ famous description of reality, but an end run around national sovereignty, eroding it piece by piece, will accomplish much more than the old-fashioned frontal assault.” – Richard Gardner, member of the Trilateral Commission, published in the April, 1974 issue of Foreign Affairs “The New World Order cannot happen without U.S. participation, as we are the single most significant component. Yes, there will be a New World Order, and it will force the United States to change its perceptions.” – Henry Kissinger, World Action Council, April 19, 1994 I could quote globalists all day long, but I think you get the general idea. While some people see globalism as a “natural offshoot” of free markets or the inevitable outcome of economic progress, the reality is that the simplest explanation (given the evidence at hand) is that globalism is an outright war waged against the ideal of sovereign peoples and nations. It is a guerrilla war, or fourth generation warfare, waged by a small group of elites against the rest of us. A significant element of this war concerns the nature of borders. Borders of nations, states and even towns and villages, are not just lines on a map or invisible barriers in the dirt. This is what the elites and the mainstream media would like us to believe. Instead, borders when applied correctly represent principles; or at least, that is supposed to be their function. Human beings are natural community builders; we are constantly seeking out others of like-mind and like-purpose because we understand subconsciously that groups of individuals working together can (often but not always) accomplish more. That said, human beings also have a natural tendency to value individual freedom and the right to voluntary association. We do not like to be forced to associate with people or groups that do not hold similar values. Cultures erect borders because, frankly, people have the right to vet those who wish to join and participate in their endeavors. People also have a right to discriminate against anyone who does not share their core values; or, in other words, we have the right to refuse association with other groups and ideologies that are destructive to our own. Interestingly, globalists and their mouthpieces will argue that by refusing to associate with those who might undermine our values, it is WE who are violating THEIR rights. See how that works? Globalists exploit the word “isolationism” to shame sovereignty champions in the eyes of the public, but there is no shame in isolation when such principles as freedom of speech and expression or the right to self defense are on the line. There is also nothing wrong with isolating a prosperous economic model from unsuccessful economic models. Forcing a decentralized free market economy to adopt feudal administration through central banking and government will eventually destroy that model. Forcing a free market economy into fiscal interdependencey with socialist economies will also most likely undermine that culture. Just as importing millions of people with differing values to feed on a nation after it has had socialism thrust upon it is a recipe for collapse. The point is, some values and social structures are mutually exclusive; no matter how hard you try, certain cultures can never be homogenized with other cultures. You can only eliminate one culture to make room for the other in a border-less world. This is what globalists seek to achieve. It is the greater purpose behind open border policies and globalization – to annihilate ideological competition so that humanity thinks it has no other option but the elitist religion. The ultimate end game of globalists is not to control governments (governments are nothing more than a tool). Rather, their end game is to obtain total psychological influence and eventually consent from the masses. Variety and choice have to be removed from our environment in order for globalism to work, which is a nice way to say that many people will have to die and many principles will have to be erased from the public consciousness. The elites assert that their concept of a single world culture is the pinnacle principle of mankind, and that there is no longer any need for borders because no other principle is superior to theirs. As long as borders as a concept continue to exist there is always the chance of separate and different ideals rising to compete with the globalist philosophy. This is unacceptable to the elites. This has led not so subtle propaganda meme that cultures that value sovereignty over globalism are somehow seething cauldrons of potential evil. Today, with the rising tide of anti-globalist movements, the argument in the mainstream is that “populists” (conservatives) are of a lower and uneducated class and are a dangerous element set to topple the “peace and prosperity” afforded by globalist hands. In other words, we are treated like children scrawling with our finger paints across a finely crafted Mona Lisa. Once again, Carroll Quigley promotes (or predicts) this propaganda decades in advance when he discusses the need for “working within the system” for change instead of fighting against it: “For example, I’ve talked about the lower middle class as the backbone of fascism in the future. I think this may happen. The party members of the Nazi Party in Germany were consistently lower middle class. I think that the right-wing movements in this country are pretty generally in this group.” – Carroll Quigley, from Dissent: Do We Need It? The problem is that these people refuse to confront the fruits of globalization that can be observed so far. Globalists have had free reign over most of the world’s governments for at least a century, if not longer. As a consequence of their influences, we have had two World Wars, the Great Depression, the Great Recession which is still ongoing, too many regional conflicts and genocides to count and the systematic oppression of free agent entrepreneurs, inventors and ideas to the point that we are now suffering from social and financial stagnation. The globalists have long been in power, yet, the existence of borders is blamed for the storm of crises we have endured for the past hundred years? Liberty champions are called “deplorable” populists and fascists while globalists dodge blame like slimy slithering eels? This is the best card the globalists have up their sleeve, and it is the reason why I continue to argue that they plan to allow conservative movements to gain a measure of political power in the next year, only to pull the plug on international fiscal life support and blame us for the resulting tragedy. There is no modicum of evidence to support the notion that globalization, interdependencey and centralization actually work. One need only examine the economic and immigration nightmare present in the EU to understand this. So, the globalists will now argue that the world is actually not centralized ENOUGH. That’s right; they will claim we need more globalization, not less, to solve the world’s ailments. In the meantime, principles of sovereignty have to be historically demonized — the concept of separate cultures built on separate beliefs has to be psychologically equated with evil by future generations. Otherwise, the globalists will never be able to successfully establish a global system without borders. Imagine, for a moment, an era not far away in which the principle of sovereignty is considered so abhorrent, so racist, so violent and poisonous that any individual would be shamed or even punished by the collective for entertaining the notion. Imagine a world in which sovereignty and conservatism are held up to the next generation as the new “original sins;” dangerous ideas that almost brought about the extinction of man. This mental prison is where globalists want to take us. We can break free, but this would require a complete reversal of the way in which we participate in society. Meaning, we need a rebellion of voluntary associations. A push for decentralization instead of globalization. Thousands upon thousands of voluntary groups focusing on localization, self reliance and true production. We must act to build a system that is based on redundancy instead of fragile interdependencey. We need to go back to an age of many borders, not less borders, until every individual is himself free to participate in whatever social group or endeavor he believes is best for him, as well as free to defend against people that seek to sabotage him; a voluntary tribal society devoid of forced associations. Of course, this effort would require unimaginable sacrifice and a fight that would probably last a generation. To suggest otherwise would be a lie. I can’t possibly convince anyone that a potential future based on a hypothetical model is worth that sacrifice. I have no idea whether it is or is not. I can only point out that the globalist dominated world we live in today is clearly doomed. We can argue about what comes next after we have removed our heads from the guillotine. If you would like to support the publishing of articles like the one you have just read, visit our donations page here . We greatly appreciate your patronage. Article first posted at Alt-Market.com Submit your review",0
15270,The New York Times N.F.L. Playoff Simulator (3rd Annual) - The New York Times,"How can my team make the N. F. L. playoffs? It’s a simple question, but answering it can be devilishly complicated. At this point in the season, when teams have six or seven games remaining, the playoff picture is delightfully foggy. For a normal fan  —   particularly one for whom sports are a blissful escape from, say, the tumultuous world of American electoral politics  —   it’s surprisingly difficult to figure out. And, more often than not, the television commentators don’t make things any easier. It’s always bothered us, too, so we built an interactive tool to help us understand. Our N. F. L. Playoff Simulator  —   now entering its third year of existence  —   is built for one purpose: to help you explore the paths to the playoffs for every team in the N. F. L. It works like this: We let you choose the outcomes of any game you select and simulate every other game remaining in the 2016 season. (In its first rendition, we considered each game a coin flip since then, we’ve used Sagarin ratings, which reflect the fact that, even though anything can happen on a given Sunday, not all teams are created equal.) What makes this tool more useful than other online calculators, like the ones at ESPN, Yahoo or NFL. com, is that we do the work for you: There’s no need to pick the outcomes of every game left in the season. Pick any outcomes  —   or none at all  —   and our tool will simulate the rest of the season for you, instantly identifying the most important games remaining for each team and turning you into a playoff scenarios expert. Consider the Minnesota Vikings, who started the season   but have slipped, in Minnesotan fashion, to  . At the moment, we give them just better than   odds of making the playoffs. If they beat the Cardinals in Minnesota on Sunday, their odds move to 64 percent. If they lose, those odds drop to about 40 percent. But what if the Detroit Lions, who share the Vikings’ record, lose all their remaining games? That kind of thinking is precisely what this tool was made for. Our simulator also lets you explore specific and unrealistic paths, like one in which the Vikings finish the season with the N. F. C. ’s best record, a bye week and   advantage throughout the playoffs (roughly a    shot, but go for it). Finally, we’ve added a feature this year, for fans of teams like the   Cleveland Browns, whose season is effectively over. We now let you use the simulator backward  —   to see how  the Browns could have their best shot at a No. 1 pick in the 2017 N. F. L. draft. As the season comes to an end, figuring out who will finish last can get just as complicated as figuring out who will finish first. If you’re going to root against your own team, you might as well do it as intelligently as possible.",0
15271,Manhattan Bombs Provide Trove of Clues F.B.I. Questions 5 People - The New York Times,"A bomb that injured 29 people on Saturday in the Chelsea neighborhood of Manhattan, and another that failed to detonate, were filled with shrapnel and made with pressure cookers, flip phones and Christmas lights to set off a powerful explosive compound, law enforcement officials said on Sunday. Both bombs appeared designed to create maximum chaos and fatalities. They also provided a trove of clues. Late Sunday night, two law enforcement officials said that investigators stopped a car on the Belt Parkway near the   Bridge and took five people to an F. B. I. office in Manhattan for questioning in the bombing investigation. One of the officials said that all or most of them may have been from the same family and that they may have been on their way to the airport. The F. B. I. confirmed in a statement that agents and police detectives had stopped “a vehicle of interest in the investigation into Saturday’s bombing in Manhattan and that no one has been charged with any crime. ” Earlier, two senior law enforcement officials said there was a “person of interest” in the bombing, but it was unclear if that person had been identified. The person had been seen on surveillance footage. Tensions in the region, already high, escalated on Sunday night when, according to J. Christian Bollwage, the mayor of Elizabeth, N. J. a backpack containing explosive devices  —   including pipe bombs  —   was found near that city’s train station. In trying to secure the devices, law enforcement officals, using robots, accidentally detonated one of the devices early Monday, he said. There were no injuries. A top law enforcement official said the pressure cookers in the two bombs in Chelsea on Saturday night were filled with “fragmentation materials. ” The bomb that exploded, at 23rd Street, was filled with small bearings or metal BBs. A second device on 27th Street that did not explode appeared to be filled with the same material, the official said. Senior law enforcement officials also said they were increasingly focused on the possibility that the attack was connected to a bombing that took place Saturday morning in New Jersey, but the authorities still needed to compare all the bombs before drawing any conclusions. There, three pipe bombs were tied together, placed in a trash can and also employed a flip phone as a timing mechanism, according to officials. Officials said they did not know of any motive  —   political or social  —   for any of the attacks. Early on Sunday, Gov. Andrew M. Cuomo said that “there is no evidence of an international terrorism connection with this incident,” noting that no international terrorist group had claimed responsibility. In contrast, the Islamic State was quick on Sunday to claim  a stabbing attack at a Minnesota shopping mall on Saturday night that left nine people injured. The bombing comes at a time of increasing nervousness around the world after terrorist attacks in Belgium and France, creating a climate in which even a false report of gunfire at John F. Kennedy Airport in Queens recently created widespread panic. “This is one of the nightmare scenarios,” Mr. Cuomo said at a news conference on Sunday. “We really were very lucky that there were no fatalities. ” The search for the person or people behind the Chelsea attack took on added urgency as President Obama and leaders from around the world were set to travel to New York for the annual United Nations General Assembly this week. Tests showed that the explosive material in the 23rd Street bomb was similar to a commercially available compound called Tannerite, according to two law enforcement officials. It was unclear why Mr. Cuomo and Mayor Bill de Blasio dismissed with such certainty a tie to international terror. Experts said the bomb’s construction offered conflicting clues. Tannerite is made by combining ammonium nitrate and aluminum powder, is frequently used in exploding targets at firearms ranges and has rarely been used in improvised explosive devices in the United States. But the materials are easy to buy in this country because each one on its own is not an explosive. At the same time, pressure cookers have been a container of choice for many improvised explosive devices over the years. They were used in the deadly Boston Marathon bombings in 2013 based on a model in publications put out by Al Qaeda’s affiliate in Yemen. An expert on improvised explosive devices used by terrorists around the world said that a device constructed with a cellular phone as a timer and Christmas lights as an initiator would indicate a    competence than what is usually found in the United States. “Most of what we see in the United States is a pipe bomb with black powder or smokeless powder or a simple hobby fuse,” said the expert, who spoke on the condition of anonymity because he does sensitive work for government agencies. “This would be the high end of sophistication for I. E. D.s in the United States. ” The recovery of the second device provides investigators with a host of potential leads, from the phone and other materials inside the homemade bomb to the pressure cooker itself  —   including possibly determining when and where it was purchased  —   to any possible fingerprints on the device, its components or the tape that held it together. Mr. Cuomo said he was ordering an additional 1, 000 New York State Police officers and National Guard members to be dispatched to major commuter hubs. Mr. de Blasio said New Yorkers should expect to see a heightened police presence throughout the city, including additional patrols by the city’s heavily armed counterterrorism units. The police continued to search the area around the blast site and fanned out across New York chasing leads and trying to sort through a variety of claims of responsibility  —   from Twitter to websites to 911 calls  —   most of which were dismissed as unrelated. Late on Sunday, F. B. I. agents were seen dismantling the car of an Uber driver, who said the law enforcement officials were searching for possible evidence related to the attack. The bomb in Manhattan was placed under a Dumpster made of   steel, and was powerful enough to catapult the metal box across the street. The 29 people who were wounded mostly suffered cuts and abrasions. All who were taken to local hospitals had been released by Sunday morning. Commissioner James P. O’Neill of the New York Police Department said the unexploded device was found by two state troopers as they walked down 27th Street, and other law enforcement officials said calls to 911 alerted the police to a suspicious device. It was taken to be examined by bomb technicians at a police facility in Rodman’s Neck in the Bronx. At first, the technicians tried to peel apart the device to see its components and whether it had signature properties that could link it to the kind of device used by terrorists in the past. It and the remnants of the device that exploded in Chelsea were sent to the F. B. I. ’s bomb lab in Quantico, Va. along with the improvised explosive device found in New Jersey. While government officials had initially been dismissive of a link between the New Jersey and New York attacks, evidence from the crime scenes seemed to lead them to change their thinking. The New Jersey blast took place 11 hours earlier when an improvised device exploded in a garbage can near the course of a charity race. That device went off around 9:30 a. m. near the boardwalk in Seaside Park, according to the Ocean County sheriff, Michael G. Mastronardy. Only one of the three pipe bombs detonated and no one was injured. Officials said the explosive in that device appeared to be black powder. The race, the Seaside Semper Five, a   run that raises money for members of the  Marine Corps and their families, was canceled. The police were reviewing surveillance video in New York and New Jersey and continued to look for clues while trying to understand the choice of location for the bomb: pointedly not Times Square, a commuter hub, train or landmark, which have been targets of terrorism in the past. The nondescript area  —   a sidewalk, near some Dumpsters in a residential area of Chelsea  —   held its own significance. “You’ve got to go somewhere,” said a New York law enforcement official who agreed to speak about the continuing investigation only on the condition of anonymity. “So the question is: Is the location significant, in terms of motive? And we don’t know that 23rd Street has any particular significance. ” Moments after the blast, the police swarmed Chelsea’s streets, and messages flew fast and furious from people across a city that has taken on a wary resignation that terrorism is a sad fact of life. The Dumpster where the bomb exploded was being used in the renovation of the fifth and sixth floors of Selis Manor, a   Section 8 apartment building that provides affordable housing for the visually impaired and disabled, its managing agent, Tony Savarese, said. Mr. Savarese said that the Dumpster sat on the eastern side of the building and that the bomb exploded with enough force to shatter windows, break a door frame and obliterate a security camera perched above the entrance. The camera recorded little more than a blinding flash. Mr. Savarese said he had gotten no reports of injuries among the building’s residents, but said its management was still checking on their  . “We have been going apartment to apartment checking on everybody,” he said.",0
15272,Trump Says U.S. Would ‘Outmatch’ Rivals in a New Nuclear Arms Race - The New York Times,"WEST PALM BEACH, Fla.  —     Donald J. Trump on Friday intensified his threat to “expand” America’s nuclear arsenal, saying he was willing to restart a nuclear arms race even as he released a letter from President Vladimir V. Putin of Russia that pointed toward the possibility of a “pragmatic” set of understandings between Washington and Moscow. Echoing the conciliatory approach toward Mr. Putin that he exhibited throughout the campaign, Mr. Trump praised the Russian leader for sending a private holiday greeting that called for the two men to act in a “constructive and pragmatic manner. ” In a statement as he made Mr. Putin’s letter public, Mr. Trump said the Russian leader’s “thoughts are so correct. ” But earlier in the day, the   also made clear that he meant what he said in a Twitter post on Thursday when he bluntly threatened to expand America’s nuclear arsenal after more than three decades in which the number of American and Russian weapons has shrunk. Sweeping aside efforts by his aides to temper his comments, or to suggest that he was merely talking about curbing the spread of nuclear technology, especially to terrorists, Mr. Trump told a   host, Mika Brzezinski of MSNBC: “Let it be an arms race. We will outmatch them at every pass and outlast them all. ” Through a combination of militaristic bravado and diplomatic outreach four weeks before moving into the Oval Office, Mr. Trump appeared eager to employ his   skills as a successful business negotiator, threatening new nuclear deployments as potential leverage against Mr. Putin and other nuclear powers. Mr. Trump could choose to continue, or even expand, President Obama’s vigorous nuclear modernization plan, already underway, and decide over the next few years whether it is worth spending close to one trillion dollars to replace America’s aging fleets of bombers, submarines and   ballistic missiles. Russia and China are in the midst of their own major nuclear modernization efforts. While previous presidents have spent as long as a year conducting nuclear posture reviews, Mr. Trump once again demonstrated that he has little patience with such traditional niceties and is not holding back his conduct of foreign policy before taking office next month. “I think it’s putting every nation on notice that the United States is going to reassert its position in the globe,” Sean Spicer, who will be Mr. Trump’s spokesman in the White House, said on MSNBC’s “Morning Joe” program on Friday. Mr. Trump appears to be open to a new relationship with Russia even as he makes threats about what could happen if Mr. Putin crossed him. In response to Mr. Putin’s letter, Mr. Trump said that a failure by either side to “live up to these thoughts” would require the United States to “travel an alternate path. ” That apparently includes Mr. Trump’s belief that his administration would win the upper hand in a renewed, expensive competition over the size and effectiveness of the countries’ nuclear arsenals. It is unclear what prompted Mr. Trump’s focus on nuclear issues two days before Christmas senior aides refused repeated requests for an explanation about the roots of his statements. It is also hard to know how much of Mr. Trump’s claim that he could outspend and outpace any adversary amounts to strategy, and how much is simply a negotiating stand. Activists who have been fighting for years to reduce nuclear stockpiles reacted with alarm at the prospect that the   might engage in a new nuclear competition with Russia. “The statements made by   Trump undermine decades of work the United States and its allies have been involved in to reduce nuclear weapons stockpiles and to prevent the additional proliferation of nuclear weapons,” said Byron L. Dorgan, a former senator from North Dakota and a board member at the Center for Arms Control and  . “A nuclear arms race puts everyone on this planet in greater danger. ” Mr. Trump’s warning on nuclear weapons came after Mr. Putin vowed to continue modernizing his nation’s nuclear weapons and asserted Russia’s military superiority over the United States. “Of course the U. S. has more missiles, submarines and aircraft carriers, but what we say is that we are stronger than any aggressor, and this is the case,” Mr. Putin said at an    news conference in Moscow on Friday. Mr. Putin said Russia was not seeking a new nuclear arms race with the United States that his country could ill afford, and he reacted dismissively to Mr. Trump’s Twitter post about strengthening and expanding the American arsenal, noting that it was similar to what the   had promised on the campaign trail. “So there is nothing unusual here,” Mr. Putin said. As far back as 1987, Mr. Trump talked about his desire to negotiate nuclear arms control agreements with a declining but aggressive Soviet Union. In recent weeks, he has met with some of the most savvy survivors of the Cold War  —   notably Henry Kissinger, the former secretary of state, and Robert M. Gates, the former defense secretary  —   at a moment when American relations with Russia are clearly at a turning point. Republicans who have spoken to Mr. Trump say he seems to realize that his opening gestures to Moscow will be closely observed at home, in Europe and among other allies. Republicans have split with him on Russia’s meddling in the American election, promising congressional inquiries after intelligence agencies concluded that Russia had used a combination of hacking and information warfare techniques to help elect Mr. Trump as president. At the heart of the question about Mr. Trump’s nuclear plans is what he meant by the phrase “greatly strengthen and expand America’s nuclear capability. ” Had he used the word “modernize,” he would have been echoing the phrase used by the Obama administration. But the idea, Mr. Obama has said, is to shrink the arsenal, not increase it. The modernization effort began in earnest after the passage of the New Start treaty in 2010, an arms control treaty that Mr. Obama pushed through with Dmitri A. Medvedev, then the Russian president. But in the name of improving safety and reliability, some experts  —   and prominent arms strategists  —   argued that Mr. Obama was setting the stage for a new president to expand the arsenal. Mr. Obama acknowledged that danger in the spring, warning of the potential for “ramping up new and more deadly and more effective systems that end up leading to a whole new escalation of the arms race. ” It was a startling admission for a president who had come to office more than seven years earlier talking about eventually ridding the world of nuclear weapons. China, for its part, has been modernizing a fleet of several hundred nuclear missiles and embarked on an aggressive   program to blind United States satellites in a conflict. But Mr. Obama’s Pentagon is also leaving a number of projects that Mr. Trump could embrace, including an    warhead that can travel up to 17, 000 miles per hour. The Chinese are working on a similar weapon that is designed to avoid American missile defenses, prompting a warning to a congressional commission last year that an arms race was in its opening moments, long before Mr. Trump was elected.",0
15273,"EPA Employee Uses Taxpayer Funds to Pay for $15,000 Worth of Gym Memberships - Breitbart","An Environmental Protection Agency (EPA) employee based out of Las Vegas paid for nearly $15, 000 worth of   gym memberships for 37 people using a government credit card, documents show. [The employee, EPA contracting officer Kevin Broadnax, bought 37 employees   memberships to the gym   Fitness —  totaling $14, 799. 63 —  with a government credit card, according to a receipt obtained through a Freedom of Information Act request by Americans for Tax Reform.  The documents show that Broadmax purchased the “super sport” memberships, which cost $399. 99 each. The employees work at the U. S. Environmental Science Division, which is home to the EPA’s National Exposure Research Laboratory and a library located on the University of Nevada, Las Vegas (UNLV) campus, the Washington Free Beacon reported. EPA scientists, postdoctorate researchers, and contractors use the library for research. The 24 Hour Fitness facilities boast “thousands of square feet of spectacular workout space, complete with premium gym equipment [and] unmatched amenities,” according to the gym’s website. Some of those amenities include a sauna, steam room, towel service, a jetted whirlpool Jacuzzi, and volleyball and basketball courts. The gym brands itself as “the ultimate daily retreat. ” The EPA employees, however, already have access to an   gym at UNLV which has volleyball, basketball, racquetball, a spacious cardio center, a   indoor track, a spa, a juice bar, and a pool. “Those apologists who pretend that reducing waste and corruption in the EPA is an attack on Mother Earth stand exposed as the frauds they are,” said Grover Norquist, president of Americans for Tax Reform, to the Daily Caller. “Ending corruption and   is good for the environment and other living things. ” EPA administrator Scott Pruitt announced Thursday that the agency will no longer foot the bill for gym memberships after he was asked about the documents showing the nearly $15, 000 worth of purchases on Fox  Friends.",0
15274,Taran Killam and Jay Pharoah Leaving ‘Saturday Night Live’ - The New York Times,"As it heads into its 42nd season and an autumn that is teeming with potential for political satire, “Saturday Night Live” is undergoing some visible changes and shedding three performers from its ensemble. Taran Killam and Jay Pharoah, principal cast members who had been with “S. N. L. ” since 2010 and contributed many key impersonations on the program, are both leaving the show, as is Jon Rudnitsky, a featured player who appeared during the   season. Their departures were confirmed by Lauren Roseman, a press representative for NBC. Presidential contests tend to bring added focus and intensity to “S. N. L. ,” which will have its season premiere on Oct. 1. That NBC sketch comedy series is renowned for its sendups of the electoral horse race, its lampooning of political figures and appearances from their   counterparts. Mr. Killam, who was promoted to the main cast of “S. N. L. ” in 2012, had contributed impressions of Senator Ted Cruz of Texas and House Speaker Paul D. Ryan. Mr. Killam had briefly played the Republican presidential nominee, Donald J. Trump, but ceded that role to Darrell Hammond, who has played Mr. Trump for several decades. Mr. Pharoah, who was also promoted to the main cast in 2012, had been the show’s resident impersonator of President Obama and Ben Carson. Mr. Killam, an alumnus of the Groundlings comedy troupe and a star of films like “The Heat,” told the website Uproxx that, though he still had one year remaining on his   contract, he was not being brought back to the show. “I had sort of had it in my head I would make this upcoming year my last year, but then heard they weren’t going to pick up my contract,” Mr. Killam said in the Uproxx interview. “I was never given a reason why, really. I can assume until the cows come home. ” A representative for Mr. Pharoah declined to comment. Representatives for Mr. Rudnitsky also declined to comment. While these changes hardly represent a complete overhaul, they are among the more significant at “S. N. L. ” in recent years. Its 39th season, which concluded in the spring of 2014, was the last for the main cast members Seth Meyers (now the host of NBC’s “Late Night”) and Nasim Pedrad, as well as several featured players. After its   season, the show said goodbye to Fred Armisen, Bill Hader and Jason Sudeikis, while Kristen Wiig, Andy Samberg and Abby Elliott left after the   season. “S. N. L. ” producers continue to spend the summer scouting for talent, and the show is expected to make new hires for the fall, though NBC gave no indication on Tuesday of who was being considered or how many cast members might join. The show still has a   impressionist for Hillary Clinton, the Democratic presidential nominee, who has been played by Kate McKinnon, a star of this summer’s “Ghostbusters” reboot. (Meanwhile, Leslie Jones, Ms. McKinnon’s “S. N. L” and “Ghostbusters”   has also seen her status rise this summer, and has been added to NBC’s coverage of the 2016 Summer Olympics after following the Games in an unofficial capacity on her Twitter account.) In 2008 and 2012, “Saturday Night Live” broadcast additional episodes on Thursday nights, emphasizing political comedy, in the weeks before Election Day, though NBC has not announced similar plans for this year. Last season, Mr. Trump hosted “S. N. L. ” on Nov. 7, 2015, while he was still vying for the Republican presidential nomination. Mrs. Clinton, while still contending for the Democratic nomination, appeared in a sketch with Ms. McKinnon on the Oct. 3, 2015, broadcast.",0
15275,Why 'Never Trumpers' must reconsider,"While Democrats perpetually circle the wagons, Republicans engage a perpetual circular firing squad. The same holds true for many evangelicals. Democrats and secularists count on it. 
And we never disappoint. 
Full disclosure: I went from a dogged “Never Trumper” to a “Maybe Trumper” and, finally, settled as a “Reluctant Trumper.” I, like any God-fearing father of daughters was, and remain, appalled by Donald Trump’s sordid past, and his 11-year-old vulgar video in which he objectified women. His words are indefensible, and I fully expect the Clinton camp to strategically release additional revolting and embarrassing opposition research about the Republican nominee before Election Day. 
Still, I will be voting against Hillary Clinton on Nov. 8 in what is objectively and irrefutably the most effective way possible: by casting a vote, for better or worse, for the policies and promises of Donald Trump – and for the vice presidency of Gov. Mike Pence. 
Regrettably, with many of my Never Trump friends I’m reminded of the fanatic who refuses his daughter chemotherapy and watches her die in an effort to convince himself (and others) of the strength of his own faith. Pride is an awful thing. We are to be “wise as serpents and innocent as doves” (Matthew 10:16). Foolishness called “faith” is just foolishness. 
Even so, there are Christian Pharisees on both extremes of this Trump fiasco: first, those Trumpian cultists who buy the “Make America great again!” pablum and deride any person who, while not casting judgment upon others, makes, with all sincerity, what they view as the principled decision. The latter say they’ll sit this one out (or go through the motions by voting third party – a wasted vote by any objective standard). While I appreciate this milder strain of Never Trumper’s sincerity, I nonetheless believe it is sincerely wrong. 
And then there are the self-righteous, plank-in-the-eye Never Trump prigs who slander as having “lost their saltiness,”“sinned against God” and “compromised their principles,” brothers and sisters who recognize the empirical reality that a vote for a horribly flawed (Lord knows I’m the worst sinner of all) baby Christian as president is a vote against Hillary Clinton’s tyranny in perpetuity. 
The Media Research Center has done America a tremendous service. In 2014 the watchdog organization released a video of an actual partial birth abortion – something Hillary Clinton stood on stage during the final presidential debate, stared into the camera with cold, callous eyes, and then both lied about and defended unequivocally. I plead with Never Trumpers to watch the video and then prayerfully reassess their plans for Nov. 8. 
Mrs. Clinton’s beloved late-term abortion practice is one so brutal and needless that even the left-leaning American Medical Association has admitted that it is dangerous to the mother and never necessary under any circumstances, not the least of which is for “the life or health of the mother.” 
During a partial-birth abortion, the abortionist pulls a fully “viable” child – often kicking and thrashing – feet first from her mother’s womb, leaving only the top of her head in the birth canal. This is so the abortionist can technically claim to be performing an abortion, rather than committing murder. 
He then stabs the child through the base of her skull with scissors, piercing her brain until her kicking and moving about suddenly and violently jerks to a halt. Next, he opens the scissors to enlarge the wound as blood and brainstem fluid gush down his hands, inserts a vacuum tube and sucks out her brains, thereby collapsing her skull. 
Her now limp and lifeless body is then cast away like so much garbage. 
This is homicide, plain and simple. Hillary Clinton supports it. Donald Trump opposes it. 
We deserve God’s wrath and judgment as a nation for allowing this abortion holocaust to occur on our watch. In my estimation, Mrs. Clinton is a bloodthirsty monster who enthusiastically supports this barbarity. Her Supreme Court appointees will ensure that tens of millions of precious babies like the one in the video are murdered in the same brutal manner. 
My conscience tells me that I must vote in such a way that exercising my civic duty will have the strongest net effect against Mrs. Clinton and ensure that she is stopped. She must not be elected president. To not vote – or to vote for a non-starter third party candidate, which is effectively the same thing – while not an actual vote for Mrs. Clinton, still puts this Mengele in a pantsuit one step closer to the White House and the Supreme Court. 
It’s simple math, and it’s undeniable. The most effective thing you can personally do as a citizen is to vote against Mrs. Clinton by voting for Mr. Trump. This does the most electoral damage possible to candidate Clinton and offers the best chance for life that you can provide future generations. 
With its 1973 Roe v. Wade decision, the U.S. Supreme Court put the government’s official stamp of approval on mass murder. Since then, the battle lines have been drawn. This is war. “Pro-choicers” are the bad guys and pro-lifers, the good guys. It really is that simple – that black and white. It’s good versus evil. 
History will reflect as much. 
Under a President Hillary Clinton, millions more babies will be tortured and dismembered alive. Under a President Donald Trump, these millions might live. And yet, even as Hillary sharpens her knives, we quibble like fools over Donald’s potty mouth. 
The devil and Democrats: Oh, how they love derision and division within the body of Christ.",0
15276,Trump’s Scandals Versus Hillary’s Scandals BRILLIANTLY Exposed,"Robert Gehl asks if you remember back in 2001, when the Clinton’s backed a U-Haul truck to the rear-end of the White House and took off with a bunch of publicly owned furniture and other treasures? 
Yeah… that was pretty embarrassing. Probably something you wouldn’t want to repeat. 
But then again, you’re not Hillary Clinton. 
According to another recently unclassified FBI interview, Clinton and her staff were seen removing furniture and lamps from the State Department offices early in 2009 as soon as she took office as secretary. Hillary was Secretary of State from 2009 to 2013. 
The agent – who is now an investigator with the Department of Homeland Security – said he had no idea whether or not the items were ever returned to the taxpayers. 
Back in 2001, after The Washington Post broke the story, the Clintons said they would reimburse the taxpayers $86,000 for the items they stole that were actually government property, LifeZette reports . 
They also returned another $28,000 worth of furniture a few days later. 
In addition to stealing all that furniture back in 2001, you’ll recall they even removed the “W”s from all the keyboards in a juvenile and childish stunt to upset the incoming administration of George “W.” Bush. 
Theft of taxpayer items from the State Department were not the only revelations in the FBI interview, The Washington Examiner is reporting . 
In its notes, the FBI writes: “Prior to Clinton’s tenure, being an agent on the Secretary of State’s protective detail was seen as an honor and a privilege reserved for senior agents. However, by the end of Clinton’s tenure it was staffed largely with new agents because it was difficult to find senior agents willing to work for her.”",0
15277,4 Truly Important Items for Your Post-Election List of Things to Protest,"Waking Times 
Supporters of Clinton in the painfully long 2016 presidential campaign warned us before the vote that if Trump lost the election, his supporters would stop at nothing to disrupt Clinton’s inauguration. They said riots, violence and revolution would break out, and that Republicans would claim voter fraud and refuse to respect the democratic process or accept the results should Hillary have won. 
This scare tactic and all the other nightmare fantasies about Trump projected into public consciousness by the left were insufficient to persuade enough voters to go for Hillary, and as many suspected would happen, Clinton voters are now doing the precise things they had previously declared to be unacceptable. 
Hypocrisy is now as American as apple pie, and no one is really all that surprised that phony idealists are taking to the streets, destroying property, threatening to assassinate the president elect , and organizing to prevent Trump’s inauguration . Some are even openly calling for revolution. The deeper irony here, though, is that people from all walks of life should be out protesting the government as well, but for much more significant reasons than to protest the outcome of the election. 
In the true American spirit of redressing grievances, and as a public service to a nation struggling to find purpose and reason, here are four critical issues that any worthwhile protestor should add to their post-election list of complaints against the machine. 1.) The Orwellian Permanent War and The Military Industrial Complex 
This is the biggest elephant in the room. The U.S. has ongoing military operations in dozens of nations, and it has at least 800 military bases in eighty something foreign nations . Hundreds of non-combative foreign civilians a year are killed by U.S. bombs and drones and written off as collateral damage. The military industrial complex has fully commandeered the progress and development of technology, and sells billions of dollars of weapons each year to countries around the world including severely oppressive dictatorships states like Saudi Arabia . 
At home, expenditures on ‘defense’ account for over half of every dollar U.S. taxpayers give Uncle Sam, diverting resources away from improving our country here at home. Surplus military equipment and battle hardened veterans are increasingly moving into the civilian law enforcement sector, dramatically exacerbating social issues such as police brutality and racism . The security industry has expanded to include the mass surveillance of every American and continues to invade our privacy in evermore creative ways . Genuine organic terrorism against Americans at home and abroad is the indirect result of destroying foreign nations and entire civilizations , stealing oil and other resources from foreign nations, while murdering innocents. 
War has become the health of the state and it’s poisoning every segment of our society and culture. 2.) Serious Human Rights Abuses Committed by Government 
Protestors today are taking to the streets to reject the verbal and emotional abuse of minority and sensitive members of our society, while actual physical human rights abuses are going under-addressed. 
Members of America and the world’s elite are involved in covering up and participating in a global trade of sex slaves , and widely believed to be involved in pedophilia, child abduction and occult worship and rituals . 3.) Debt Slavery 
The top-tier of the banking and investment world have created a global system of economic slavery which intentionally creates ever-increasing public debt. The human race owes so much money that no one really understands to whom it is owed . It could be aliens for all we know, but if the status quo remains, it would take the daily productivity of many generations to come to pay off only what is owed today, and the debt increases every minute. 
This is a stealthy form of slavery that is written into the matrix code of society. To be born on earth is to owe money. This is utterly unacceptable, and so systemically unstable it’s guaranteed to collapse, causing worldwide suffering . 4.) Environmental Stewardship is Criminally Negligent 
Viewpoints on the environmental stress we see in our world today vary wildly depending on who you talk to and what their background or agenda may be. Call it global warming, climate change, or whatever you like, but at its core, our natural world is being sold off and destroyed for corporate profit. Massive unchecked pollution and environmental destruction by the energy industry and corporations at large is destroying this planet at an exponentially increasing rate. Industrial disasters like Fukushima go unaddressed while the world’s rainforests are being decimated and indigenous cultures driven to extinction . This sad list just goes on and on. It’s just too much to put down here. Final Thoughts 
You could easily add so much more to this if you like, as there are a thousand and one causes rebelling against, yet so very few ever seem to make it into public consciousness and onto the corporate mainstream news . If you’re outraged about what is happening in America today, but haven’t yet included these issues on your ‘mad as hell’ list , then your protest isn’t living up to its full potential, and your idealism is only half-assed. Read more articles by Dylan Charles . About the Author 
Dylan Charles is a student and teacher of Shaolin Kung Fu, Tai Chi and Qi Gong, a practitioner of Yoga and Taoist arts, and an activist and idealist passionately engaged in the struggle for a more sustainable and just world for future generations. He is the editor of WakingTimes.com , the proprietor of OffgridOutpost.com , a grateful father and a man who seeks to enlighten others with the power of inspiring information and action. He may be contacted at . This article ( 4 Truly Important Issues for Your Post Election List of Things to Protest ) was originally created and published by Waking Times and is published here under a Creative Commons license with attribution to Dylan Charles and WakingTimes.com . It may be re-posted freely with proper attribution, author bio, and this copyright statement. 
~~ Help Waking Times to raise the vibration by sharing this article with friends and family…",0
15278,Madman of the Cathedral: Former monk dedicates 50yrs to build house of God (RT Documentary),  Check Keiser Report website for more: http://www.maxkeiser.com/ In this episode of the Keiser Report from Chapel Hill area of North Carolina Max and Stacy look at what the Democratic party looks like on neoliberalism: collapsing. Is the TPP trade deal over? And was Donald Trump’s ‘craziness’ overblown by the media? In the second half Max interviews former head of the Democratic Party in North Carolina to find out how and why Hillary Clinton lost. WATCH all Keiser Report shows here: http://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PL768A33676917AE90 (E1-E200) http://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PLC3F29DDAA1BABFCF (E201-E400) http://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PLPszygYHA9K2ZtV_1KphSugBB7iZqbFyz (E401-600) http://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PLPszygYHA9K1GpAv3ZKpNFoEvKaY2QFH_ (E601-E800) https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PLPszygYHA9K19wt4CP0tUgzIxpJDiQDyl (E801-Current)  ,0
15279,Our Landfill Economy,"Posted on October 27, 2016 by Charles Hugh Smith 
Correspondent Bart D. (Australia) captured the entire global economy in three words: The Landfill Economy . Stuff is manufactured, energy is consumed shipping it somewhere, consumers buy it and shortly thereafter it ends up as garbage in the landfill. 
This is of course the definition of “economic growth”: waste, inefficiency, environmental destruction–none of these matter. Only two things matter: maximize “growth” by any means necessary, and maximize profits by any means necessary. 
The Landfill Economy now encompasses the entire planet. The swirling gyre of plastic trash the size of Texas between Hawaii and California: it’s just one modest example of the planetary trash dump that “growth” and profit generate as byproducts/blowback. 
The planet’s oceans are one giant trash dump. Everything from plastic water bottles to abandoned fishing nets to radiation to containers that fell off ships is floating around even the most distant corners of the seas. Seabirds nesting in remote islands die of starvation as their guts fill with plastic bits of “permanent growth.” 
Globalization has turned the planet’s land masses and rivers into trash dumps. Want to make a quick profit along a tropical sea coast? Dig some big holes near the coast, dump in baby prawns, food and chemicals to suppress algae blooms and diseases and then harvest the prawns to ship to the insatiable markets of the developed world. 
Once the prawn farms are poisoned wastelands, move on and despoil another coastline elsewhere. 
Globalization has greased the slippery slope from factory to landfill by enabling the global distribution of defective parts. Whether they are pirated, designed to fail or just the result of slipshod quality control, the flood of defective parts guarantee that the entire assembly they are installed in–stoves, vacuum cleaners, transmissions, electronics, you name it–will soon fail and be shipped directly to the landfill, as repairing stuff is far costlier than buying a new replacement. 
QE/ZIRP Is Crushing the Global Supply Chain, Product Quality and Profits (October 17, 2016) 
The Keynesian Cargo Cults that rule global economics love The Landfill Economy because it means more “growth”. Never mind the poisoned seas, rivers and land, or the immense waste of energy, commodities and labor that result from the global manufacture and distribution of shoddy products: if it adds to “growth,” it’s all good in the warped view of the Keynesian Cargo Cults. 
We got your “growth” right here. 
People are also tossed on the trash heap with careless abandon. The health of workers is a cost that reduces profits, so it’s ignored unless it can be turned into a profit center via state funding for managing preventable diseases, i.e. sickcare. 
A worker sickened by industrial waste or lifestyle illnesses who becomes a profit center is a wonderful source of “growth” and profits. 
A worker who can’t generate a corporation or state a profit is dumped on the trash heap as a matter of routine. A worker who can’t generate somebody a profit or “growth” by taking on more debt to spend spend spend is worthless. 
If a robot or software can do the same work, then it is self-destructive for an enterprise to pay a human worker: if profits fall, Wall Street will crucify the enterprise and competitors will eat it alive. 
This “maximizing growth and profits is the highest good” mode of production is insane. It doesn’t have to rule the world. As I outline in my book A Radically Beneficial World: Automation, Technology & Creating Jobs for All , other more efficient, sustainable and humane modes of production are within reach if we escape from the global grip of the destructive “growth by any means” cult.",0
15280,NY elementary school calls off mock election because students were chanting “Trump” and “We don’t want Muslims here”,"BNI Store Nov 3 2016 NY elementary school calls off mock election because students were chanting “Trump” and “We don’t want Muslims here” Jericho Elementary School in Centereach, New York, announced it had scrapped the mock vote that was due to take place this Friday after some young students started chanting “Trump” and repeated ‘negative rhetoric about Muslims.’ ABC News (h/t Susan K) Principal Glen Rogers revealed the decision was made after teachers complained about what some children had been chanting around the school and in the cafeteria. Teachers have said they’ve heard some kids in the cafeteria chanting “Trump! Trump! Trump!” or saying they don’t want Muslims here,’ Roger said. ‘I mean, kids often repeat what they hear on the TV or the news, but it doesn’t mean it’s OK. (In other words, you don’t think the First Amendment is OK) “We have a diverse community here. We want all our students to feel valued.” (So we don’t become the target of an Islamic terrorist attack?) ‘It’s important for our students to be able to express their opinions, but it’s also important for them to be informed about it and not just repeating what they happen to hear,’ Rogers said. (Especially if it goes against the Democrat talking points. This IS New York, after all)",0
15281,TARGET STORES TO LAUNCH IN-STORE VERTICAL FARMS TO GROW THEIR OWN CROPS,"Home › HEALTH › TARGET STORES TO LAUNCH IN-STORE VERTICAL FARMS TO GROW THEIR OWN CROPS TARGET STORES TO LAUNCH IN-STORE VERTICAL FARMS TO GROW THEIR OWN CROPS 10 SHARES 
[10/29/16] Indoor farming is quickly becoming a growing trend because of consumers’ mistrust in GMOs, the yearning to buy as local as possible, and a decline in usable land. There are a variety of indoor farming options available, including incubators that grow plants for households and vertical hydroponic systems that can churn out huge amounts of produce in warehouses. 
The latter is likely what would be used at Target, who has announced that they will be testing out a vertical farming system starting in Spring 2017. The trials will be done at different locations across the country that have not yet been announced, but the store plans on starting out with leafy greens and possibly building their way up to potatoes, beets, and zucchini. 
Target collaborated with IDEO and the MIT Media Lab and created Food + Future coLab , a group that is “pushing the edges of technology, business, and design to create new, impactful ventures” that change the way we know and create food. They have been researching in-store micro-farming for over a year and their findings will finally be put to the test next year. Greg Shewmaker, one of the entrepreneurs at the coLab, said, 
“Because it’s MIT, they have access to some of these seed banks around the world, so we’re playing with ancient varietals of different things, like tomatoes that haven’t been grown in over a century, different kinds of peppers, things like that, just to see if it’s possible.” Post navigation",0
15282,"‘Terrifying’: AT&T spying on Americans for profit, new documents reveal","‘Terrifying’: AT&T spying on Americans for profit, new documents reveal 'If companies are allowed to operate in this manner without repercussions, our democracy has no future' By Nadia Prupis - October 27, 2016 
Telecommunications giant AT&T is spying on Americans for profit and helped   investigate everything from the so-called war on drugs to Medicaid fraud—all at taxpayers’ expense, according to new reporting by The Daily Beast . 
The program, known as Project Hemisphere, allowed state and local agencies to conduct warrantless searches of trillions of call records and other cellular data—such as “where a target is located, with whom he speaks, and potentially why”—for a massive range of investigations, the Beast ‘s Kenneth Lipp reports. In one case examined by the news outlet, a sheriff’s office in Victorville, California used Hemisphere to track down a homicide suspect. 
Hemisphere was first revealed by the New York Times in 2013, but was described at the time as a “partnership” between AT&T and drug enforcement agencies used in counter-narcotics operations. 
Neither, it turns out, is entirely true. 
Lipp writes: AT&T’s own documentation—reported here by The Daily Beast for the first time—shows Hemisphere was used far beyond the war on drugs to include everything from investigations of homicide to Medicaid fraud. Hemisphere isn’t a “partnership” but rather a product AT&T developed, marketed, and sold at a cost of millions of dollars per year to taxpayers. No warrant is required to make use of the company’s massive trove of data, according to AT&T documents, only a promise from law enforcement to not disclose Hemisphere if an investigation using it becomes public. 
The details were revealed as AT&T seeks to buy out Time Warner in a mega-merger that media watchdogs are warning would create “dangerous concentrations of political and economic power.” 
Evan Greer, campaign director at the digital rights group Fight for the Future, said Tuesday , “The for-profit spying program that these documents detail is more terrifying than the illegal [National Security Agency] surveillance programs that Edward Snowden exposed. Far beyond the NSA and FBI, these tools are accessible to a wide range of law enforcement officers including local police, without a warrant, as long as they pay up.” 
“It makes me sick to my stomach thinking about it,” Greer said. 
While the government can request that private companies hand over user data, the documents show that AT&T went above and beyond to make the operation profitable, Lipp writes. ACLU technology policy analyst Christopher Soghoian told the Beast , “Companies have to give this data to law enforcement upon request, if they have it. AT&T doesn’t have to data-mine its database to help police come up with new numbers to investigate.” 
And because the contract between the telecom company and the U.S. government stipulates only that agents not speak about Hemisphere if a probe using it becomes public, investigators may be left with no choice but to create a false narrative to explain how they obtained certain evidence, according to Electronic Frontier Foundation (EFF) attorney Adam Schwartz. 
“This document here is striking,” Schwartz told Beast . “I’ve seen documents produced by the government regarding Hemisphere, but this is the first time I’ve seen an AT&T document which requires parallel construction in a service to government. It’s very troubling and not the way law enforcement should work in this country.” 
“At a minimum there is a very serious question whether they should be doing it without a warrant. A benefit to the parallel construction is they never have to face that crucible. Then the judge, the defendant, the general public, the media, and elected officials never know that AT&T and police across America funded by the White House are using the world’s largest metadata database to surveil people,” he said. 
Greer added: “Customers trusted AT&T with some of their most private information, and the company turned around and literally built a product to sell that information to as many government agencies and police departments as they could. Not only did they fail to have any safeguards to prevent unauthorized use of the data, they actually required law enforcement to keep the program secret and dig up or fabricate other evidence, to hide the fact that they’d received information from AT&T.” 
Fight for the Future called on AT&T to shut down the program and on the U.S. Department of Justice to investigate Hemisphere and reveal all the cases in which it was used. 
“If companies are allowed to operate in this manner without repercussions, our democracy has no future,” Greer said.",0
15284,"When Trump Attacked the Khans, He Didn’t Know What a Gold Star Family Was","By Hrafnkell Haraldsson on Sat, Oct 29th, 2016 at 4:05 pm “You do know you just attacked a Gold Star family?” one adviser warned Trump. ""What's that?"" he asked. Share on Twitter Print This Post 
Gabriel Sherman writes at New York Mag that when Donald Trump attacked the Khan family over Khizr Khan’s speech at the Democratic National Convention, he had no idea what a Gold Star family was. 
You will remember that Khizr Khan stood up in front of the entire world and said to Donald Trump, “Let me ask you, ‘Have you even read the United States Consitution?’ I will gladly lend you my copy. In this document, look for the words ‘liberty’ and ‘equal protection of the law.’” 
The fallout was predictable. Donald Trump, openly criticized, lost it. He attacked the Khan’s religious beliefs, saying “If you look at his wife, she was standing there. She had nothing to say. She probably, maybe she wasn’t allowed to have anything to say.” 
Now it turns out that he had no idea what he was doing. Because he is ignorant, and because, as Mark Cuban has observed, he isn’t interested in learning anything. Gabriel Sherman explains: 
“You do know you just attacked a Gold Star family?” one adviser warned Trump. Trump didn’t know what a Gold Star family was: “What’s that?” he asked. To Trump, Khizr Khan and his wife, Ghazala, were enemies who had said something mean about him, just like Rosie O’Donnell and any number of people who had gotten under his skin over the years. Wasn’t it his right to respond? “ ‘The election is about the American people, it’s not about you,’ ” Manafort told Trump, according to a person briefed on the conversation. Trump countered with Breitbart’s report on Khan’s purported belief in Sharia. “ ‘He’s not running for president,’ ” Manafort shot back. “ ‘The Clintons did this to us to waste our time getting off message.’ ” 
Of course, Trump could not and would not admit his own ignorance and he certainly wasn’t prepared to take the blame. Instead, as Sherman reveals, he “took it out on Manafort in front of his senior advisors, including Ailes.” According to Trump, Manafort wasn’t “able to get the media to focus on the right stuff.” 
No wonder, when Trump refuses to take Manafort’s advice and focus on the right stuff. This is not to defend Manafort, who is at least as despicable as his boss, but it serves as an example of how Trump’s first reaction each and every time is to get back at his critic. 
It was one of Donald Trump’s most visible Joe McCarthy moments, and his response to Khizr Khan actually reinforced the point Khan was trying to make. 
Stopping and thinking are foreign to him. And if you are not astonished by the appalling ignorance on display here, you should not be. This is all in keeping with a party that prides itself on ignorance rather than facts.",0
15285,*Breaking: Wikileaks Bombshell Reveals Collusion Between Clinton Campaign And DOJ’s Peter Kadzik,"  World News » *Breaking: Wikileaks Bombshell Reveals Collusion Between Clinton Campaign And DOJ’s Peter Kadzik 
As most of our readers assuredly are aware, yesterday the DOJ stepped in “to assist” with the FBI’s new Hillary Clinton email investigation, with the DOJ’s Peter Kadzik (a friend of the Clinton Campaign) to head up the investigation. That last fact is no longer a secret to the American Public as this new Wikileaks Bombshell reveals Kadzik sent the Clinton Campaign the following: 
“Heads up. Another filing in the FOIA case went in last night or will go in this am that indicates it will be awhile (2016) before the State Department posts the emails.” 
From ZeroHedge : 
On Monday we were the first to note that Podesta’s friend Peter Kadzik was the DOJ representative chosen to head up a “thorough” review of the new Huma Abedin emails as revealed by a letter he wrote to Congress. Given Kadzik’s personal relationship with Podesta, it seemed like a “convenient” choice for the Clinton campaign. 
In the letter to Congress, the DOJ writes that it “will continue to work closely with the FBI and together, dedicate all necessary resources and take appropriate steps as expeditiously as possible,” assistant attorney General Peter J. Kadzik writes in letters to House and Senate lawmakers. 
“Ironically”, that is the same Peter Kadzik who has proven his “impartiality” in multiple WikiLeaks emails including this newly released bombshell in which Kadzik provides a very helpful “heads up” about Hillary’s email server investigation. 
Sure, who needs an independent investigator…this guy will do just fine.",0
15286,2 Police Officers Turn In Badges In Support Of Standing Rock Water Protectors – The Mind Unleashed,"2 Police Officers Turn In Badges In Support Of Standing Rock Water Protectors Nov 3, 2016 162 0 
Earlier today it was reported by Redhawk at Standing Rock in North Dakota that two police officers have turned in their badges in support of the water protectors. 
“There have been at least 2 reports of police officers turning in their badges acknowledging that this battle is not what they signed up for. You can see it in some of them, that they do not support the police actions. We must keep reminding them they are welcome to put down their weapons and badge and take a stand against this pipeline as well. Some are waking up.” -Redhawk Hearts are opening. 
With actions from militarized police continuing to be seen as extremely violent and dangerous, this news is a big win for the water protectors and for humanity as a whole. While the actions of some police officers are not appropriate, we all must continue to visualize and intend/pray that the hearts of all involved in this situation continue to open. Police must be held accountable for their actions, though we must continue to welcome them over to the side of the water protectors. 
Having the police lay down their weapons and join the people is the goal. It is also a win-win solution, which is the best case scenario. So what is it that opened the hearts of these two officers? 
At the time of this writing, the answer is not known but we can speculate on a few different items. Word is spreading quickly that there are 17 multi-national banks funding this pipeline and that the propaganda being spread about this deal “creating American jobs” or “helping America’s economy” is being seen as just that, propaganda. The American people, as well as people of the world, know that the big banks and U.S. Government does not care for the people, but only themselves. These banks and the government showed their hand in 2008 when they were bailed out after the stock market crash, leaving the public to bear the economic and social burdens. Even the police are becoming aware of this fact that the government and banks do not care for them and see the police only as pawns in a bigger game the government wishes to control. Water is life is not just a meaningless slogan in many people’s minds. It is becoming understood by more and more that water IS indeed life. If water becomes toxic, all life that depends on that water becomes toxic…including the families of these same police officers who are currently protecting the construction sites. They too would be affected by toxic water. It is innately traumatizing for humans to hurt other humans. While we have been seeing this for some time now with this situation, police officers are realizing the harm they do when they assault an unarmed, peaceful water protector. In essence, peace is wanting and needing to be established. 
Take a look at what happened in Frankfurt, Germany in May of 2012. The police removed their helmets and began marching with the people who were protesting the big banks, while also safely escorting them down the streets. The world continues to awaken. 
Let us all use this latest news as a big step forward towards peace and resolution of this pipeline issue. The pipeline construction needs to and must stop. With the announcement from Barack Obama yesterday that the White House is considering “re-routing” the pipeline, we must continue to demand that it’s construction cease entirely. We can also view that statement as a buckling of the Establishment. Continue on, water protectors. Truth and love is spreading . 
Lance Schuttler graduated from the University of Iowa with a degree in Health Science and practices health coaching through his website Orgonlight Health . You can follow the Orgonlight Health facebook page or visit the website for more information on how to receive health coaching for yourself, a family member or a friend as well as view other inspiring articles. ",0
15287,"First Iraqi Troops Enter Mosul, But Fighting Remains Largely in Suburbs","Military: Goal Is to 'Liberate' Eastern Bank of Tigris River by Jason Ditz, October 31, 2016 Share This 
Iraq’s invasion of Mosul has entered its third week with a noteworthy first, as the first Iraqi special forces entered the city itself in the area around Karama District, in the far east. There was fighting reported both within the district and in surrounding suburbs. 
Indications are that the vast majority of the fighting in the area remains in the suburbs, with only a small incursion into the city itself. Still, Iraqi military officials say their goal is to take the whole eastern bank of the Tigris River, which divides the city. 
The area entered is near a key industrial site within Mosul. It is unclear how well secured this area is from ISIS’ perspective, as they’ve laid heavy traps and tunneled in around the city in anticipation of the invasion, but indications were that a lot of these defensive measures were taken in residential areas. 
ISIS is believed to have several thousand fighters in Mosul, and with the US announcing they intend to kill anyone who tries to escape, they are likely to resist all the more fiercely, knowing they don’t have any place to go after Mosul. Last 5 posts by Jason Ditz",0
15288,Report: Hillary Clinton is ‘Thinking’ about Running for NYC Mayor - Breitbart,"Former Democratic presidential candidate Hillary Clinton is considering running for New York City mayor, according to a report by TMZ. [TMZ reports that a source who was at a small gathering last month with Clinton and “some politically connected people” from New York said the former presidential candidate “has not ruled” out the possibility and is “taking a real look at it. ”  Clinton also told the close circle to measure “the level of interest and support” to a potential Clinton candidacy. Rumors of Clinton running for mayor to resurrect her political career after a humiliating defeat in November have been swirling around in New York political circles since the beginning of the year. But, despite the growing speculation, Clinton has not yet publicly commented whether she would mull a challenge against the incumbent, Bill de Blasio. ”Hillary for Mayor” signs spotted in NYC. pic. twitter.   —   Alexandra Rosenmann (@alexpreditor) March 1, 2017, ",0
15289,A Sucker’s Rally Like No Other,"A Sucker's Rally Like No Other   This week has seen a political earthquake followed by a financial eruption. But don't be fooled. The Dow's 500 point surge amounts to a Sucker's Rally like no other; it was just a case of raging robo-machines determined to tag an all-time high on the charts You need to login to view this content. 
David Stockman’s Contra Corner isn’t your typical financial tipsheet. Instead it’s an ongoing dialogue about what’s really happening in the markets… the economy… and governments… so you can understand the world around you and make better decisions for yourself. 
David believes the world -- certainly the United States -- is at a great inflection point in human history. The massive credit inflation of the last three decades has reached its apogee and is now going to splatter spectacularly. 
This will have lasting ramifications on how governments tax and regulate you… the type of work you and your family members will have available and what you get paid… the value of your nest egg… and all other areas comprising your quality of life. Login 
 ",0
15290,Desert Trip Festival Woos Classic Rock Fans (Emphasis on ‘Classic’) - The New York Times,"It’s not often a mother tries to persuade her teenage son to attend a music festival with her. But Desert Trip is not your average festival. On Friday night, an   team of classic rock veterans  —   the Rolling Stones, Bob Dylan, Paul McCartney, Neil Young, the Who and Roger Waters of Pink Floyd  —   will begin its first of two weekends on the same storied bill at the Empire Polo Club in Indio, Calif. Among the crowd will be Julie Varon, a mother of three from Seattle, who grew up on the rock ’n’ roll that once soundtracked and spurred the counterculture. Also taking part, though not entirely of his own volition: Ms. Varon’s    son, Sam, who prefers modern country music and Coachella, the annual pop festival that shares an organizer and location with Desert Trip. “This is definitely a little bit of a twist,” Sam said a few days before the event. His mother chimed in: “A twist of the arm. ” She added: “It didn’t help that people started calling it Oldchella. But he gets it. ” Like many of the 150, 000 people expected at the festival, Ms. Varon, 59, saw Desert Trip as a historic event, a   last chance to commune with these titans of   rock. As a baby boomer, she also happens to be in the target demographic. By pairing such venerated acts with amenities of relative luxury (seating options, extra bathrooms, gourmet food) the promoters of Desert Trip have created a destination for an underserved festival audience with the time, means and inclination to go all out for what is seen as a singular occasion. Matthew Thirlwall, 60, a geology professor living outside London, spent $898 plus fees for a V. I. P. ticket that comes with the “culinary experience bundle,” on top of airfare and a camping pass. (  tickets topped out at $1, 599.) “I decided a year or two ago that life had much more to offer than working   days, and decided to take part in early partial retirement,” Mr. Thirlwall said. Emboldened by a trip to Burning Man this year, he had decided to make Desert Trip his first rock festival. “One of my daughter’s friends at university said, ‘Oh, your dad’s so cool,’” he recalled. Simone Harle, 47, a journalist in Perth, Australia, also decided to cross oceans for the event. She called the   trip to Indio  —   her first visit to the United States  —   “a pilgrimage” in honor of the music. “This is the soundtrack to my life,” she said, which made an overall cost of more than $5, 000 a  . “It was an automatic reaction for me. I’ve got goose bumps all over my body and on my eyeballs just thinking about it. ” Others took the idea of a musical pilgrimage even further. Jon Langille, 55, spent a month riding an electric bicycle more than 1, 800 miles to the festival from British Columbia. “My wife and I couldn’t agree on what kind of trip to make this,” he said. “Her idea was to fly in and fly out. That’s all fine and dandy, but I really wanted to make an experience of it. ” He continued, “I’ve been a busy guy for 20 years and the opportunity to take a month off and be by myself, to meditatively pedal my bicycle 2, 000 miles to a rock concert, really appealed to me  —   especially for a     thing like this. ” Ms. Varon was equally committed to attending, but went the crafty route instead: To ensure access to the   show and save money, she sought a job on the Desert Trip grounds and was hired as a supervisor for the V. I. P. ushers both weekends. Her son Sam will be on staff as well. “He was available,” Ms. Varon said. At home, “he’s golfing, job searching and sitting on the couch  —   he’s having a good old time  —   but I was like, ‘This is kind of mandatory. ’” While the Indio area is known for its   snowbirds, retirees and familial duos are not its typical festival audience. “I would never rent my house to the Coachella or Stagecoach people,” said Susan Andrews, who lives in nearby Indian Wells, of the annual   events also held at the Polo Grounds. “They tell you it’s a group of four and it’s really a group of 15. ” For Desert Trip, however, Ms. Andrews opted to rent six of her time share properties to concertgoers, along with the three spare bedrooms in her home. “I have a doctor coming to stay,” she said. “These are older people  —   some of them went to Woodstock. They’ll be calm. ” Another local, Cheryl Craig, said she, too, expects a more tranquil crowd for Desert Trip, which she plans to attend both weekends. “This is the kind of music that I grew up on,” Ms. Craig, 57, said. “Just having lost Prince and David Bowie this year, you wonder: When is the last time you’re going to get to see these people?” Such   reminiscence may prove inevitable for fans at a gathering with such weighty, last hurrah connotations. “These bands were a moment in my life a long time ago and they were very significant,” said Mr. Langille, the cyclist. “I, like probably them, have moved on past my heyday years, but it’s a great opportunity to revisit that time and those people. ” At the same time, being among peers “might be kind of refreshing,” not simply nostalgic, he said. At concerts geared toward younger audiences, “people in their 20s are   us like we’ve just discovered rock music,” Mr. Langille said. “It drives me nuts. ”",0
15291,"Donald Trump, Mike Pence, Paul Ryan: Your Tuesday Evening Briefing - The New York Times","(Want to get this briefing by email? Here’s the  .) Good evening. Here’s the latest. 1. Donald Trump’s plans for a smooth transition to the presidency are in disarray after the abrupt departures of two top aides handling national security and foreign policy matters. Rudolph Giuliani, the former mayor of New York, is a top contender for secretary of state. House Republicans renominated Speaker Paul Ryan as their leader, quieting rumors of an initial revolt. ____ 2. The election has split American society. Writers and photographers for our magazine fanned out across the U. S. and came back with a portrait of a country at odds with itself. Families are contemplating uncomfortable holidays with relatives on the opposite side of the political divide  —   or even canceling. “I feel like I’ve been living with a lot of people wearing masks, who have been hiding their true selves,” one woman said. ___ 3. Mr. Trump has pledged to repeal the Affordable Care Act. But Medicaid may not shrink all that much. Influential figures in his administration might be willing to establish new conditions for access, but not wholesale cutbacks, our health reporter writes. Above, a   free clinic at an arena in Seattle last month. ___ 4. Traffic deaths have been steadily declining over the last four decades. But they spiked last year, and this year is on track to be even worse. Technologies that emerged from the effort to combat distracted driving have apparently added to the problem, adding to what one expert called “cognitive workload. ” ___ 5. Russia began a new air offensive in Syria, just a day after President Vladimir Putin and   Donald Trump agreed to bolster cooperation. For the first time in Russia’s naval history, jets taking off from its aircraft carrier, the Admiral Kuznetsov, took part in combat. ____ 6. Publicly, the U. S. has kept its distance from the war in Yemen. But its   alliance with Saudi Arabia has left American fingerprints on the   air campaign against rebels. The U. S. sells weapons to Saudi Arabia, refuels its planes and trains its pilots. Graffiti on walls across the capital reads, “America is killing the Yemeni people. ” __ 7. Orchestras are basically functioning as charities. Most rely more on donations than ticket sales, a new report says. Many are building educational and cultural programs that appeal to donors. They also feel increasing pressure to curb costs, which can lead to labor disputes like the strike in Pittsburgh, above. ____ 8. Can fruit and vegetables grown without dirt in a greenhouse be organic? That question is roiling the organic farming world ahead of this week’s meeting of the National Organic Standards Board, which advises the federal government. Some farmers argue that organic production is about caring for the soil, which produces broad environmental benefits. Hydroponic growers say their methods can make organic farming even more sustainable. ____ 9. After spending several years rushing to open their doors on Thanksgiving, retailers have been hit with a dose of reality: It may not be worth it. For many stores, it’s just too much of a headache, with online shopping draining customers and the potential for negative publicity for making employees work on a national holiday. ____ 10. Finally, cornbread dressing, ubiquitous in homes across the South on Thanksgiving in place of stuffing, is not just a side dish. Our food writer tried to learn how to make it, and discovered that it’s “a litmus test on class, race, regional loyalties and grandmothers. ” Here’s the recipe she settled on, and recipes for other great Thanksgiving dishes. ____ Photographs may appear out of order for some readers. Viewing this version of the briefing should help. Your Evening Briefing is posted at 6 p. m. Eastern. And don’t miss Your Morning Briefing, posted weekdays at 6 a. m. Eastern, and Your Weekend Briefing, posted at 6 a. m. Sundays. Want to look back? Here’s last night’s briefing. What did you like? What do you want to see here? Let us know at briefing@nytimes. com.",0
15292,"Behind 2016’s Turmoil, a Crisis of White Identity","Amanda Taub, New York Times, November 1, 2016 
Call it the crisis of whiteness. 
White anxiety has fueled this year’s political tumult in the West: Britain’s surprising vote to exit the European Union, Donald J. Trump’s unexpected capture of the Republican presidential nomination in the United States, the rise of right-wing nationalism in Norway, Hungary, Austria and Greece. 
Whiteness, in this context, is more than just skin color. You could define it as membership in the “ethno-national majority,” but that’s a mouthful. What it really means is the privilege of not being defined as “other.” 
Whiteness means being part of the group whose appearance, traditions, religion and even food are the default norm. It’s being a person who, by unspoken rules, was long entitled as part of “us” instead of “them.” 
{snip} 
“It’s fundamentally about ‘who are we?’” said Eric Kaufmann, a professor of politics at Birkbeck College, University of London. “What does it mean to be part of this nation? Is it not ‘our’ nation anymore, ‘our’ meaning the ethnic majority? 
“These kinds of questions are really front and center, even though they’re not necessarily verbalized.” 
The questions can seem like a sudden reversal after decades of rising multiculturalism, through the civil rights movement in the United States and the European Union’s opening up of borders. 
{snip} 
White people’s officially privileged status waned over the latter half of the 20th century with the demise of discriminatory practices in, say, university admissions. But rising wages, an expanding social safety net and new educational opportunities helped offset that. Most white adults were wealthier and more successful than their parents, and confident that their children would do better still. 
That feeling of success may have provided a sort of identity in itself. 
But as Western manufacturing and industry have declined, taking many working-class towns with them, parents and grandparents have found that the opportunities they once had are unavailable to the next generation. 
That creates an identity vacuum to be filled. 
“For someone who is lower income or lower class,” Professor Kaufmann explained, “you’re going to get more self-esteem out of a communal identity such as ethnicity or the nation than you would out of any sort of achieved identity.” 
{snip} 
A recent Gallup study found that Mr. Trump’s supporters tend to earn above-average incomes for their communities, but also tend to live in majority-white areas where children are likely to be worse off than their parents. 
{snip} 
The formal rejection of racial discrimination in those societies has, by extension, constructed a new, broader national identity. The United States has a black president; London has a Muslim mayor of Pakistani descent. 
But that broadening can, to some, feel like a painful loss, articulated in the demand voiced over and over at Trump rallies, pro-Brexit events and gatherings for populist parties throughout Europe: “I want my country back.” 
The mantra is not all about bigotry. Rather, being part of a culture designed around people’s own community and customs is a constant background hum of reassurance, of belonging. 
The loss of that comforting hum has accelerated a phenomenon that Robin DiAngelo, a lecturer and author, calls “white fragility”–the stress white people feel when they confront the knowledge that they are neither special nor the default; that whiteness is just a race like any other. 
Fragility leads to feelings of insecurity, defensiveness, even threat. And it can trigger a backlash against those who are perceived as outsiders. 
{snip} 
For decades, the language of white identity has only existed in the context of white supremacy. When that became taboo, it left white identity politics without a vocabulary. 
If you are a working-class white person and you fear that the new, cosmopolitan world will destroy or diminish an identity you cherish, you have no culturally acceptable way to articulate what you perceive as a crisis. 
Some of these people have instead reached for issues that feel close to their concerns: trade, crime, the war on drugs, controlling the borders, fear of Islamist terrorism. All are significant in their own right, and create very real fears for many people, but they have also become a means to have a public conversation about what society’s changes mean for white majorities. 
{snip} 
There will not likely be a return to the whiteness of social dominance and exclusive national identity. Immigration cannot be halted without damaging Western nations’ economies; immigrants who have already arrived cannot be expelled en masse without causing social and moral damage. And the other groups who seem to be “cutting in line” are in fact getting a chance at progress that was long denied them. 
Western whites have a place within their nations’ new, broader national identities. But unless they accept it, the crisis of whiteness seems likely to continue.",0
15293,The Savvy Person’s Guide to Reading the Latest Polls - The New York Times,"You’ve probably heard that it’s always best to focus on the average of polls. The poll results that often get the most attention are outliers  —   they get attention because they’re shocking, not because they’re representative. But we also know that people often ignore that advice. They want to know the details of the newest poll, and how and why it might be different from the last. And to tell you the truth, I do, too. I read the details and methodology of almost every survey that is released. The problem is that it’s a lot harder than it looks. After a splashy poll is released, Twitter is often overflowing with   but misguided analysis.  It’s true: You really are better off looking at the averages. But if you’re going to assess individual polls this election, here’s a guide on how to do it well. When a poll comes out, I start by looking at the topline results  —   Hillary Clinton is plus 3 percentage points, or Donald J. Trump is plus 1, for example. But it’s also worth looking at vote share  —   whether Mrs. Clinton has 47 percent or 40 percent, for instance. In particular, I care about how close the leading candidate is to 50 percent. There’s more uncertainty the further a candidate is from 50 percent and the larger the number of undecided voters. Until a candidate approaches 50 percent, it’s hard to know whether the lead is because of party unity or because the candidate has won over the key voters needed for victory. This is especially true in a reliably red or blue state: A Democrat who has 40 percent of the vote in Arizona still has a lot to prove, even with a lead. He or she hasn’t yet won the   voters who decide the state’s elections. There was a good example of this in the Arizona Senate race. A lot of polls showed John McCain narrowly ahead, or even behind. But once he won the G. O. P. primary,   voters returned to his side. Usually, anything at 46 percent or above is a good indicator of real strength. Less than that, and you have to wonder about undecided voters. ■ It’s also worth looking at whether there’s a difference between registered and likely voters. In a presidential election year, I generally prefer looking at the registered voter numbers  —   with a caveat. That’s because many methods that screen for likely voters are poor and yield noisy data. Registered voter samples are larger, and there aren’t additional questions to add statistical noise. But here’s the caveat: Registered voter polls tend to overrepresent Democrats, so I often focus on the registered voter number and mentally shift it a point or two toward the Republicans. ■ This year, there’s also the question of whether to look at   or   polls. I’m not sold on which is best. This year’s   candidates don’t have the strong bases of a Ross Perot or John Anderson. It’s possible that the polls that name them will overestimate their support it’s possible that the polls that do not name them will underestimate their support. For now, I’m inclined to split the difference. To get a sense of whether a poll is good or bad news for a certain candidate, I usually compare the results of the poll with the polling averages or the last poll conducted by the same pollster. ■ If the poll is very different from the polling average, there’s a good chance it’s an outlier. ■ If the poll shows a big shift from a prior survey, I also wonder whether the previous poll was an outlier. If so, a candidate might appear to rebound simply because he or she was unusually weak in a prior poll. So compare that prior poll with the average of the time, too. ■ It’s also worth looking at whether the candidate has gained or lost vote share. When candidates fall without good reason, I often assume they’re likelier than not to win back their former supporters. I definitely take note when candidates have won more supporters than they’ve won before. If that happens a lot, it’s a real sign of strength. ■ I also look at the various measures of whether Mr. Trump has a ceiling: like a 50 percent “very unfavorable” rating, or 50 percent who say they would be scared of a Trump presidency. I’m not convinced that those measures actually represent a ceiling. But they very well might, and I am curious about whether he’s making progress by those measures. I also care a lot about how the poll was conducted. Polling is hard. A lot of things can go wrong, from question wording to weighting a sample or selecting likely voters. These choices can make a big difference  —   even with the same data. Worse, there are very few pollsters that really provide enough information to know whether they’re making reasonable choices  —   and what the consequences of those decisions might be. As a result, I strongly prefer experienced firms with solid track records. ■ I have serious problems with IVR polls (interactive voice response). These are sometimes called   and they don’t have any means to contact voters with a cellphone. This is a problem for even an experienced firm with a good record. It can be disastrous for firms without much  . ■ I have reservations about online polls. It’s harder to draw a representative sample online because you can’t rely on traditional random sampling. There are skilled and experienced pollsters that do a good job, like YouGov and SurveyMonkey. But there’s a somewhat higher burden for online pollsters to build solid track records, make good hires and publish a detailed methodology. ■ If the poll is from a less established firm, I’ll give a closer look if it has been transparent  —   if the pollsters publish a detailed methodology that gives me a better sense of what I’m getting. You don’t have to analyze every detail of a poll’s methodology, but here are some rules of thumb: ■ A   poll is often a bad poll. You usually need multiple days to call voters back and get a representative sample. ■ Well over half of adults ought to be reached on cellphones in a typical national survey about 40 percent of Americans do not have a landline at all. A poll of registered voters off the voter file can have a somewhat smaller number of   voters, since the poll can typically be weighted by partisanship, and registered and likely voters are less likely to have only a cellphone (they’re older, more affluent and often less mobile than the population as a whole). ■ Pay attention to sample size. If a poll has a small sample  —   less than 800 people or so  —   be aware that sampling error will play a bigger role than usual. The gains from big samples are smaller than you might think, so don’t give a lot of extra credit for a poll that goes much higher than 1, 200. Often, the polls with huge samples are actually just using cheap and problematic sampling methods. If the sample is less than 400, the result should be considered no more than a ballpark estimate. ■ I don’t usually pay much attention to the margin of error because it does not even come close to approximating the actual potential for error in a survey. And pollsters calculate margin of error somewhat differently. In particular, I see a lot of   firms that don’t adjust their margins of error to account for the effect of weighting  —   making their poll seem more confident than it is. The country is deeply divided along demographic lines, which makes it very important to check on the demographic composition of the sample. But this is not so simple to do. ■ Know the polling universe: adults, registered voters and likely voters. This is trickier than you might suppose. Often, a poll of registered or likely voters will report the demographic composition of the overall sample of adults  —   generally a much more diverse group. That doesn’t tell you about the demographic makeup of registered or likely voters. ■ Know the targets. Almost all pollsters adjust their sample to match demographics, like age, race and gender. If a pollster isn’t weighting for something fundamental like that, it’s a big warning sign: See for yourself whether the poll is off by a wide margin on those measures (sometimes, they’re fine). It’s also worth looking at education or party registration. Not every poll weights by those measures, and sometimes that’s a mistake. ■ The exit polls are not the word of God. There are legitimate debates about the electorate. Many of these debates center on differences between estimates based on the census, voter files or exit polls. Most polls are on the end of the spectrum showing a whiter sample, since most polls use voter file and census data. Many times, polls get slammed on social media for being “too white” in comparison with the exit polls, even though they’re near the consensus of more reliable measures. ■ Wrong is wrong. In general, I wouldn’t criticize a poll if the electorate fell somewhere in the debatable range around the exit polls, census and voter file. But if a pollster leaves the debatable range, it’s probably just wrong. It may even indicate colossal failures in weighting or sampling. The poll can be dismissed out of hand on this basis alone. Examples of what I mean: a poll showing that more than 45 percent of the electorate in Pennsylvania will be over age 65 (that’s too high) or that 13 percent of the electorate will be black in North Carolina (that’s too low). ■ I really don’t look at party identification. We have no idea what the “right” partisan breakdown of the electorate really is: It’s an attitude, not a nearly fixed characteristic. Depending on the news or the national political environment,   or   voters can switch in and out of the “unaffiliated” or “independent” column. It is very clear that there are more   Democrats than Republicans in the country, which has been true for about a decade. But I will look at party registration, if it’s available from the voter file. That’s a pretty fixed characteristic: It doesn’t swing with the mood. ■ When I look through the polling crosstabs for subgroups  —   like young people or black voters  —   I compare with old polls, not the exit polls. The two measures are irreconcilable, and a direct comparison introduces a lot of bias. It will generally show, for instance, Democrats doing better among white voters even as they’re not doing better over all. ■ Subgroups are noisy, and that’s fine. I often see a lot of people who dig into the polls and find a crosstab that doesn’t make sense  —   maybe Hispanic voters give Hillary Clinton only 55 percent of the vote. Well, that’s O. K. For one, it matters a lot less than you might think (giving Mrs. Clinton an additional   shift among Hispanic voters will boost her national vote share by just two points). And subsamples are noisy by nature. It might be canceled out by noise elsewhere in the sample, either by chance or for a more structural reason. An underappreciated fact is that polls are usually adjusted for the right number of voters by race, age and gender, but subgroups don’t each have the right demographic composition. There won’t necessarily be the right number of young,   female Hispanics, or old, less educated white men. So a Hispanic subsample could be too old and male, but in exchange, some other part of the electorate is too young and female. ■ A lot of polls conducted off voter registration files will select a certain set of past voters, like people who have voted in the last two elections in addition to those who are newly registered. These decisions can exclude less likely voters, who may vote differently. That’s a problem. I get even more concerned when I see a   screen on top of a sample that was already especially likely to vote. I could go on. But these are the basics of my mental checklist in judging whether an individual poll might maintain the status quo, move the needle or stand as an outlier. And then I go back to the poll averages.",0
15294,Not Guilty: The Power of Nullification to Counteract Government Tyranny,"Go to Article 
“The people have the power, all we have to do is awaken that power in the people. The people are unaware. They’re not educated to realize that they have power. The system is so geared that everyone believes the government will fix everything. We are the government .”— John Lennon 
How do you balance the scales of justice at a time when Americans are being tasered , tear-gassed, pepper-sprayed , hit with batons, shot with rubber bullets and real bullets, blasted with sound cannons , detained in cages and kennels , sicced by police dogs, arrested and jailed for challenging the government’s excesses, abuses and power-grabs? 
Politics won’t fix a system that is broken beyond repair. 
No matter who sits in the White House, the shadow government will continue to call the shots behind the scenes. 
Relying on the courts to restore justice seems futile. 
Indeed, with every ruling handed down, it becomes more apparent that we live in an age of hollow justice, with government courts, largely lacking in vision and scope, rendering narrow rulings focused on the letter of the law. This is true at all levels of the judiciary, but especially so in the highest court of the land, the U.S. Supreme Court, which is seemingly more concerned with establishing order and protecting government agents than with upholding the rights enshrined in the Constitution. 
Even so, justice matters. 
It matters whether you’re a rancher protesting a federal land-grab by the Bureau of Land Management, a Native American protesting an oil pipeline that will endanger sacred sites and pollute water supplies, or an African-American taking to the streets to protest yet another police shooting of an unarmed citizen. 
Unfortunately, protests and populist movements haven’t done much to push back against an authoritarian regime that is deaf to our cries, dumb to our troubles, blind to our needs, and accountable to no one. 
It doesn’t matter who the activists are (environmentalists, peaceniks, Native Americans, Black Lives Matter, Occupy, or the Bundys and their followers) or what the source of the discontent is (endless wars abroad, police shootings, contaminated drinking water, government land-grabs), the government’s modus operandi has remained the same: shut down the protests using all means available, prosecute First Amendment activities to the fullest extent of the law, and discourage any future civil uprisings by criminalizing expressive activities, labelling dissidents as extremists or terrorists, and conducting widespread surveillance on the general populace in order to put down any whispers of resistance before it can take root. 
Thus, if there is any means left to us for thwarting the government in its relentless march towards outright dictatorship, it may rest with the power of juries and local governments to invalidate governmental laws, tactics and policies that are illegitimate, egregious or blatantly unconstitutional. 
Just recently, in fact, an Oregon jury rejected the government’s attempts to prosecute seven activists who staged a six-week, armed takeover of the Malheur National Wildlife Refuge. 
In finding the defendants not guilty—of conspiracy to impede federal officers, of possession of firearms in a federal facility, and of stealing a government-owned truck—the jury sent its own message to the government and those following the case: justice matters. 
The Malheur occupiers were found not guilty despite the fact that they had guns in a federal facility (their lawyers argued the guns were “as much a statement of their rural culture as a cowboy hat or a pair of jeans”). They were found not guilty despite the fact that they used government vehicles (although they would argue that government property is public property available to all taxpayers). They were found not guilty despite the fact that they succeeded in occupying a government facility for six weeks, thereby preventing workers from performing their duties (as the Washington Post points out, this charge has also been used to prosecute extremist left-wingers and Earth First protesters ). 
Many other equally sincere activists with eloquent lawyers and ardent supporters have gone to jail for lesser offenses than those committed at the Malheur Refuge, so what made the difference here? 
The jury made all the difference. 
These seven Oregon protesters were found not guilty because a jury of their peers recognized the sincerity of their convictions, sympathized with the complaints against an overreaching government, and balanced the scales of justice using the only tools available to them: common sense, compassion and the power of the jury box. 
Jury nullification works. 
As law professor Ilya Somin explains, jury nullification is the practice by which a jury refuses to convict someone accused of a crime if they believe the “law in question is unjust or the punishment is excessive .” According to former federal prosecutor Paul Butler, the doctrine of jury nullification is “premised on the idea that ordinary citizens, not government officials, should have the final say as to whether a person should be punished.” 
Imagine that: a world where the citizenry—not the government or its corporate controllers—actually calls the shots and determines what is just. 
In a world of “ rampant overcriminalization ,” where the average citizen unknowingly breaks three laws a day, jury nullification acts as “ a check on runaway authoritarian criminalization and the increasing network of confusing laws that are passed with neither the approval nor oftentimes even the knowledge of the citizenry.” 
Indeed, Butler believes so strongly in the power of nullification to balance the scales between the power of the prosecutor and the power of the people that he advises : 
If you are ever on a jury in a marijuana case, I recommend that you vote “not guilty” — even if you think the defendant actually smoked pot, or sold it to another consenting adult. As a juror, you have this power under the Bill of Rights ; if you exercise it, you become part of a proud tradition of American jurors who helped make our laws fairer. 
In other words, it’s “we the people” who can and should be determining what laws are just, what activities are criminal and who can be jailed for what crimes. 
Not only should the punishment fit the crime, but the laws of the land should also reflect the concerns of the citizenry as opposed to the profit-driven priorities of Corporate America. 
This is where the power of jury nullification is so critical: to reject inane laws and extreme sentences and counteract the edicts of a profit-driven governmental elite that sees nothing wrong with jailing someone for a lifetime for a relatively insignificant crime. 
Of course, the powers-that-be don’t want the citizenry to know that it has any power at all. 
They would prefer that we remain clueless about the government’s many illicit activities, ignorant about our constitutional rights, and powerless to bring about any real change. 
In an age in which government officials accused of wrongdoing—police officers, elected officials, etc.—are treated with general leniency, while the average citizen is prosecuted to the full extent of the law, jury nullification is a powerful reminder that, as the Constitution tells us, “we the people” are the government. 
For too long we’ve allowed our so-called “representatives” to call the shots. Now it’s time to restore the citizenry to their rightful place in the republic: as the masters, not the servants. 
Nullification is one way of doing so. 
Various cities and states have been using this historic doctrine with mixed results on issues as wide ranging as gun control and healthcare to “ claim freedom from federal laws they find onerous or wrongheaded .” 
Where nullification can be particularly powerful, however, is in the hands of the juror. 
The reality with which we must contend is that justice in America is reserved for those who can afford to buy their way out of jail. 
For the rest of us who are dependent on the “fairness” of the system, there exists a multitude of ways in which justice can and does go wrong every day. Police misconduct. Prosecutorial misconduct. Judicial bias. Inadequate defense. Prosecutors who care more about winning a case than seeking justice. Judges who care more about what is legal than what is just. Jurors who know nothing of the law and are left to deliberate in the dark about life-and-death decisions. And an overwhelming body of laws, statutes and ordinances that render the average American a criminal, no matter how law-abiding they might think themselves. 
If you’re to have any hope of remaining free—and I use that word loosely—your best bet remains in your fellow citizens. 
Your fellow citizens may not know what the Constitution says (studies have shown Americans to be abysmally ignorant about their rights), they may not know what the laws are (there are so many on the books that the average American breaks three laws a day without knowing it), and they may not even believe in your innocence, but if you’re lucky, those who serve on a jury will have a conscience that speaks louder than the legalistic tones of the prosecutors and the judges and reminds them that justice and fairness go hand in hand. 
That’s ultimately what jury nullification is all about: restoring a sense of fairness to our system of justice. It’s the best protection for “we the people” against the oppression and tyranny of the government, and God knows, we can use all the protection we can get. It’s a powerful way to remind the government—all of those bureaucrats who have appointed themselves judge, jury and jailer over all that we are, have and do—that we’re the ones who set the rules. 
We could transform this nation if only Americans would work together to harness the power of their discontent. 
Unfortunately, the government’s divide and conquer tactics are working like a charm. 
Despite the laundry list of grievances that should unite “we the people” in common cause against the government, the nation is more divided than ever by politics, by socio-economics, by race, by religion, and by every other distinction that serves to highlight our differences. 
The real and manufactured events of recent years—the invasive surveillance, the extremism reports, the civil unrest, the protests, the shootings, the bombings, the military exercises and active shooter drills, the color-coded alerts and threat assessments, the fusion centers, the transformation of local police into extensions of the military, the distribution of military equipment and weapons to local police forces, the government databases containing the names of dissidents and potential troublemakers—have all conjoined to create an environment in which “we the people” are more divided, more distrustful, and fearful of each other. 
What we have failed to realize is that in the eyes of the government, we’re all the same. 
In other words, when it’s time for the government to crack down—and that time is coming—it won’t matter whether we supported Hillary or Trump, whether we stood with the pipeline protesters or opposed BLM, or whether we spoke out against government misconduct and injustice or remained silent. 
When the government cracks down, we’ll all suffer. 
Here’s the thing: the government wants a civil war. 
The objective: compliance and control. 
Its strategy: destabilize the economy through endless wars, escalate racial tensions, polarize the populace, heighten tensions through a show of force, intensify the use of violence, and then, when all hell breaks loose, clamp down on the nation for the good of the people and the security of the nation. 
The government has been anticipating and preparing for such a civil uprising for some time now. 
Those protests in Ferguson , Baltimore and Baton Rouge to protest police brutality? The militarized police “ clad in Kevlar vests, helmets, and camouflage, armed with pistols, shotguns, automatic rifles, and tear gas ” turning towns into war zones? The kenneling of pipeline protesters in North Dakota? 
Those were just dress rehearsals for the government to work out the kinks in its operating manual on how to deal with civil unrest. 
They were also previews of what’s in store if we continue to challenge the powers-that-be. 
After all, it’s hard to persuade anyone to stand against tyranny when all you can promise them as a reward is persecution, prosecution and a one-way trip to the morgue. And when the outcome seems to be a foregone conclusion—the government always wins—it can seem pointless, even foolhardy, to dare to challenge the system. 
So how do you not only push back against the police state’s bureaucracy, corruption and cruelty but also launch a counterrevolution aimed at reclaiming control over the government using nonviolent means? 
You start by changing the rules and engaging in some (nonviolent) guerilla tactics. 
Employ militant nonviolent resistance and civil disobedience , which Martin Luther King Jr. used to great effect through the use of sit-ins, boycotts and marches. 
Take part in grassroots activism, which takes a trickle-up approach to governmental reform by implementing change at the local level (in other words, think nationally, but act locally). 
And then, as I explain in more detail in my book Battlefield America: The War on the American People , nullify everything. Nullify the court cases. Nullify the laws. Nullify everything the government does that is illegitimate, egregious or blatantly unconstitutional.",0
15295,"As Trump vs. Clinton Captivates World, Netanyahu Is Unusually Silent - The New York Times","JERUSALEM  —   For three hours, Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu of Israel held forth on all sorts of topics  —   on Israel and the Middle East, on his record and on his plans. One subject that Mr. Netanyahu studiously avoided in his expansive conversation with American visitors last weekend, though, was the United States election. Much of the rest of the world is absorbed by the contest between Donald J. Trump and Hillary Clinton, but it is a topic Mr. Netanyahu will not touch. Four years after he was accused of meddling in the American election on behalf of President Obama’s opponent, the hardly bashful Israeli leader this time has taken a virtual vow of silence. The unusual reluctance comes after years of toxic relations between him and Mr. Obama, culminating in an acrid public feud over the   nuclear agreement with Iran. With Mr. Netanyahu seemingly aligning himself during that fight with Mr. Obama’s Republican critics, some Israel backers feared the country was squandering its traditional bipartisan support. The prime minister now seems intent on extricating himself from the partisan tussle. “Everybody understands here in Israel that the most important thing for us is to go back to where we were for the last 68 years, which is bipartisan,” said Yair Lapid, a centrist party leader who hopes to succeed Mr. Netanyahu. “This is why nobody will take sides in a presidential campaign. ” But if Israel is staying away from the American campaign, the campaign is staying away from Israel, too. While it was an occasional topic of questioning during primary debates, it has been all but absent from the discussion in the general election. In part, that reflects a   campaign of invective that has overlooked many policy questions. But it also underscores the plethora of other issues that have seized Washington’s attention, principally the rise of the Islamic State, the war in Syria and relations with Russia. The   dispute, once a dominant part of any White House foreign policy, seems to be slipping to a   issue. During his meeting last weekend with a bipartisan delegation of former American national security officials, Mr. Netanyahu expressed concern about the United States’ pulling back from the region. Dennis Ross, a Middle East adviser to Mr. Obama and other presidents who organized the visit, said afterward, “Everyone feels they have a stake in the election, and they want an America that will be engaged and that will be effective in the region. ” Still, Mr. Netanyahu scrupulously avoided addressing the election itself. “I think we were all struck by the fact that it wasn’t raised,” said Meghan O’Sullivan, a former adviser to President George W. Bush. Similarly, during a meeting last week, Senators Tim Scott, Republican of South Carolina, and Cory Booker, Democrat of New Jersey, mentioned the election only to have Mr. Netanyahu skirt the subject. What a difference four years makes. Back in 2012, Mr. Netanyahu hosted Mitt Romney, Mr. Obama’s challenger, in Jerusalem and lavished praise on him. While Mr. Netanyahu’s team at the time denied any effort to influence the election, Mr. Obama’s camp was convinced otherwise. The rift widened when Mr. Netanyahu accepted a Republican invitation to address Congress in 2015 to assail Mr. Obama’s efforts to negotiate a deal with Iran curbing its nuclear program. Nachman Shai, who heads a parliamentary caucus on   relations, said Mr. Netanyahu had steered away since then from openly courting Republicans. “Because he had these tough eight years with Obama, he can’t afford it again,” Mr. Shai said. “He needs a direct line with the U. S. president. ” This spring, Mr. Netanyahu canceled a trip to Washington to attend a conference of the American Israel Public Affairs Committee, or Aipac, which aides explained by saying he wanted to avoid meeting with candidates. Last fall, amid controversy over Mr. Trump’s call to bar Muslims from entering the United States, the Republican abruptly announced and then just as abruptly canceled a visit to Jerusalem, saying of Mr. Netanyahu, “I didn’t want to put him under pressure. ” Even Mr. Trump’s Aipac speech vowing to dismantle the Iran agreement was greeted with silence in Jerusalem. “If Bibi was going in any way to support or give Trump some type of compliment, that would have been the time to do it,” Gadi Wolfsfeld, a scholar at Hebrew University, said at the time, using Mr. Netanyahu’s nickname. Israel Hayom, the newspaper financed by the American casino magnate Sheldon Adelson, an ally of Mr. Netanyahu, championed Mr. Trump with a blast of positive coverage at the time. But like Mr. Adelson himself, who has endorsed Mr. Trump without following through on promises of large contributions, the paper has not been the unrestrained cheerleader some expected. The   newspaper Haaretz, however, wrote this week that leaders of the Trump campaign’s efforts to recruit votes among American citizens here have ties to Mr. Netanyahu’s governing coalition. In a first for an American candidate, thee Trump campaign plans to open what it calls a “floating office” moving from home to home in West Bank settlements in coming days. Mr. Netanyahu and Mr. Obama have tried lately to put their difficulties behind them by negotiating a   American security aid package for Israel. The deal is all but complete, and the White House has been discussing how to announce it. The two leaders will both attend the United Nations General Assembly conclave this month, but it seems most likely that it would be signed by   officials. But to Mr. Netanyahu’s consternation, administration officials are still debating whether the president will lay down a final marker before the end of his time in office on the   impasse, perhaps with a speech outlining terms for an agreement or even a United Nations resolution. Some argue it would be a way to stop waiting for the two sides to finally step up others consider it a fruitless waste of the president’s waning time in office. Mr. Netanyahu’s office declined to comment this week on the American election. Over the summer, the prime minister told reporters “it’s not smart to interfere,” saying he would be “happy to work with whoever gets elected. ” He has made clear to advisers that they should not discuss the election even in private. Dani Dayan, the normally outspoken Israeli consul general in New York, articulated the official line in an interview with The New York Times Editorial Board last month: “Any American president is good for Israel. ” But that is not an opinion universally held in Jerusalem. While Mr. Netanyahu may be more comfortable with Republicans who share his hawkish security views, Mr. Trump is an unknown who has criticized American intervention in the Middle East and called for curtailing foreign aid. His initial promise to be “a neutral guy” between Israelis and Palestinians disturbed many here before he later voiced steadfast support for Israel. Mrs. Clinton, on the other hand, is a known quantity, for better or worse. Her husband, former President Bill Clinton, is still popular here, and many noticed that at the Democratic National Convention, he wore a pin spelling Hillary in Hebrew. But Mrs. Clinton’s history as Mr. Obama’s secretary of state makes her suspect in Mr. Netanyahu’s camp, and neither Clinton has warm feelings toward the prime minister. “I don’t know who is better in terms of Israel,” Mr. Shai said. “We know a lot about Hillary and we know very little about Donald Trump. ”",0
15296,Campaign Whac-A-Mole,"Leave a reply “ Every gun that is made, every warship launched, every rocket fired signifies in the final sense, a theft from those who hunger and are not fed, those who are cold and are not clothed. This world in arms is not spending money alone. It is spending the sweat of its laborers, the genius of its scientists, the hopes of its children. This is not a way of life at all in any true sense. Under the clouds of war, it is humanity hanging on a cross of iron. ” ~ President Dwight D. Eisenhower 
Catherine Austin Fitts – We are experiencing an unprecedented disgorgement of documentation on the Clintons and various aspects of their enterprises – from the Clinton Foundation to Hillary Clinton’s campaign for the Presidency. 
It is worth noting that there appears to be a method to the madness. A variety of parties, including Project Veritas, Anonymous, and Wikileaks are systematically targeting Clinton’s key lieutenants. This is the equivalent of taking out the pawns before going in to capture the queen. 
First we see DNC Chairman Debbie Wasserman Schultz taken out by leaks from Wikileaks. It remains to be seen as to whether this info hit cost a DNC staffer his life with a real “hit.” 
Wasserman is replaced by CNN political analyst Donna Brazile as Interim Chair who has now been outed for sharing debate questions with Clinton. While CNN has disavowed Brazile, cheating on the debates does not appear to warrant a resignation as Interim Chair. Yet again, the week is young. Needless to say, the present value of Brazile’s future income is nosediving badly as I write this. 
Wasserman and Brazile desperately need Clinton to win – otherwise they’re toast. 
Project Veritas has outed significant Democratic covert operations – including related PACs overstepping what are supposed to be their legal authorities (marketing influence) and arranging for violent protesters at Trump rallies. By tying the lead covert operator directly to Obama and the White House (45 visits by Robert Creamer to Obama at the White House since 2008), there is no doubt a chill between the campaigns covert operations and the leadership, tying a lot of hands during the last two weeks of campaigning 
There there is Huma Abedin – since 1996, Clinton closest aide and assistant. Abedin like numerous other Clinton allies now has a world of legal problems and liabilities from divorce court to criminal investigations of herself and Clinton. The press reports she is now being left behind by the campaign. It is going to be very hard for Huma to be entirely focused on the campaign. Instead she is going to be wondering about the 650,000 e-mails on Anthony Weiner’s laptop, what’s in them and how they got there. 
Then there is Campaign Chairman John Podesta who has been barraged daily by Wikileaks leaking of years of e-mail. It is now likely that no one wants to e-mail with him, not to mention the hard feelings created and his own potential legal problems, particularly if Clinton loses. 
Then there is attorney Cheryl Mills who has real reason to be concerned with her own legal position now that the e-mail investigation has been re-opened by the FBI. Just when she thought she had the team in the clear! 
DNC Chair, Campaign Chair, personal attorney, covert operations capacity, personal assistant – all are compromised with six more days to go. 
Now come leaks that Clinton loyalist and campaign chief financial office Gary Gensler is being sidelined for the upper echelons of the Cabinet – Larry Fink is in the lead for Secretary of Treasury. Given the risks that Gensler is taking with his personal fortune and reputation to manage the campaign finances, this is quite a kick. To be replaced by one of Wall Street’s worst because he is too tough on Wall Street. Why should Gensler take any risk under the circumstances? 
It is a bad sign when insiders start competing for Cabinet posts before the campaign is won. 
Then there is the potential First Gentlemen – Bill Clinton. Numerous reports are now spending lots of time digging into Clinton’s relationship with convicted pedophile Jeffrey Epstein. Now that the Democrats have made allegations of sexual harassment an approved tactic, Clinton is fair game. It is only a matter of time and effort before more dishes out on Clinton at a time when most men are thinking about their legacy. 
Daughter Chelsea has been pulled in as well with e-mails about the Foundation’s operations designed to create bad feelings between Chelsea and the staff. Given the millions spent on Chelsea’s wedding while the Haitian people were staving and dying as the proceeds of the Foundation fundraising for Haiti went someplace other than Haiti, Chelsea is likely not to command much sympathy. 
Add to this list long time political operative Doug Band who has to be scrambing to cover his overhead now that his memos and questions about his involvement in “pay to play” are smeared across the Internet. Other operatives have been targeted as well, including Neara Tanden. 
Finally, there is the equivalent of the campaign “king” protecting the queen – President Obama himself. He has been warned, with one of the most damaging Wikileaks providing evidence that he was e-mailing Clinton on her private server from his private e-mail account. His statement that he did not know she had a private e-mail server was proven false. This leaves him compromised before Comey’s announcement of the reopening of the investigation. It was a clever tactic, because now Obama has to be careful. Given Attorney General’s compromise of the first investigation by a meeting with Bill Clinton that likely represents an obstruction of justice violation, among other violations, the Administration is exposed. 
Clinton’s greatest ally at this point is the corporate media who appears for the most part to have doubled down for Clinton. This is likely because they take their orders from their owners and until Mr. Global (or Ms. Global) pull the plug, the corporate establishment is all in for Clinton. It does not matter what extraordinary documentation of obstruction of justice, compromise of national security and classified intelligence, pay to play or violations of RICO statutes (to name a few) have come to light. They do not care. They do what they are told. What they are told is to get Clinton elected. Make a Clinton presidency appear inevitable, no matter what. 
Meantime, on the other side of this effort is amassing on line media and Internet activists who have decided to convert the Clinton into the poster children of US government and establishment corruption. For some, such as Julian Assange, this is a fight to the death. Clinton has made it clear that she would like to “drone” Assange. There are more than a few indications that there is support from the intelligence and enforcement community. 
There efforts so far has made clear that they run into serious opposition when they leak evidence about Clinton’s role in operations that compromise the integrity of the Administration – such as Benghazi and support to ISIS. This may explain why increasingly what we are watching is leaks related to criminal shenanigans that can be scripted to Clinton team more narrowly. 
Another group that is doubling down for Clinton as this occurs are a segment of women voters. We are hearing an outcry of women saying that this is happening to Hillary Clinton because she is a woman. In short, what is happening is sexist. They seem not to care about what happened to the women in Libya or Haiti or the mothers whose children were rounded up and put in slave labor camps during the Clinton Administration. The mind control around this seems to be a serious last ditch effort to avoid facing the reality of our situation in America. It would be appalling if it were not so frightening. 
As compromised as Team Clinton is, as long as they maintain their establishment backing, their only choice is to do everything they possibly can to win the election. While the investigations will not stop if they are elected, they will be in a better position to deal with them if they have government resources to affirm and maintain their ongoing criminal enterprise. 
So this raises the question as to what the attacking team has that constitutes a “kill shot” to take out the queen. Wikileaks and the assembled swarm as six more days – five really, to engineer their best shot. If you watch Campaign Whack-O-Mole to date, these folks are clearly building up to a kill shot. The question is what is it and will they be able to get it out and about on the Internet. 
Which leads us to the last question – one that is being asked a lot these days. To what extent can the Democratic party and their allies rig the election through compromised voting systems? According to George Soros in a recent interview with Bloomberg, the fix appears to be in though the Electoral College. 
This leaves us with two possible endings to Campaign Whack-O-Mole: Trump Wins: In this case Trump appoints a special prosecutor and we can look forward to years of illumination regarding the Clinton interests. Clinton likely will do jail time, unless the establishment can persuade Trump to let her off the hook. Hopefully, we will have a chance to cleanse Washington of the Neocons for good. Clinton Wins: In this case there is only one thing that the Republican Congress can do to redeem themselves in the electorates eyes – particularly if the Republicans won the popular vote in the presidential election – move for investigation and impeachment. What happens depends on the national security bureaucracy at the intelligence and enforcement agencies. If they support Clinton, the Republicans will likely be marginalized. This will be a dangerous situation. Traditionally, the way the Clintons and related allies win in these situations is to kill people or to target them with legal and financial torture and physical harassment. If the national security bureaucracy supports the House Republicans, Clinton will likely be impeached. However, this will come with a disgorgement of dirt the likes of which America has never seen. The way that Clinton can consolidate her power and command bureaucracy loyalty – including the banks and defense contractor who increasingly control the nuts and bolds of federal operations – is to have a war with Russia. 
I am waiting for the women who support Clinton because she is a woman explain to me why WW III is good for women. 
So let’s see what the next six days bring. In the great game of campaign whack-o-mole, the situation is very fluid. SF Source Solari Report Nov. 2016 Share this:",0
15297,Nominee Betsy DeVos’s Knowledge of Education Basics Is Open to Criticism - The New York Times,"WASHINGTON  —   Until Tuesday, the fight over Betsy DeVos’s nomination to be secretary of education revolved mostly around her support of contentious school choice programs. But her confirmation hearing that night opened her up to new criticism: that her long battle for school choice, controversial as it has been, is the sum total of her experience and understanding of education policy. In questioning by senators, she seemed either unaware or unsupportive of the longstanding policies and functions of the department she is in line to lead, from special education rules to the policing of   universities. Ms. DeVos admitted that she might have been “confused” when she appeared not to know that the broad statute that has governed special education for more than four decades is federal law. A billionaire investor, education philanthropist and Michigan Republican activist, Ms. DeVos acknowledged that she has no personal experience with student loans  —   the federal government is the largest provider  —   and said she would have to “review” the department’s policies that try to prevent fraud by   colleges. She appeared blank on basic education terms. Asked how school performance should be assessed, she did not know the difference between growth, which measures how much students have learned over a given period, and proficiency, which measures how many students reach a targeted score. Ms. DeVos even became something of an internet punch line when she suggested that some school officials should be allowed to carry guns on the premises to defend against grizzly bears. But if she was sometimes rattled on the specifics, Ms. DeVos was unshakable in her belief that education authority should devolve away from the federal government and toward state and local authorities. Whether the issue was allowing guns in schools, how to investigate sexual assault on college campuses, or how to measure learning, her answer was always that states and what she called “locales” knew best. Those answers reflected the same instinct that has driven her advocacy of school choice, primarily vouchers, which take money from public schools to help families pay tuition at private schools, and charter schools, which are publicly funded but typically independent of school district or union rules. As she said bluntly in a 2015 education speech, “Government really sucks. ” Ms. DeVos’s supporters defended her performance at the hearing, saying she showed herself to be a champion of innovation against Democrats’ defending the status quo. “They tried their best to turn her into Cruella de Vil, but America got to see the real Betsy DeVos first hand,” said Ed Patru, a spokesman for a group calling itself Friends of Betsy DeVos. “The country saw an authentic, compassionate and eminently reasonable education leader who is committed to empowering parents and putting kids first. ” With a   Senate, Ms. DeVos is still likely to be confirmed. But her statements on special education could make her vulnerable families of children with special needs are a vocal lobby, one that Republicans do not want to alienate. The federal Individuals With Disabilities Education Act, or IDEA, has governed special education in the nation’s public schools since the  . Before the law, states and local school districts had been excluding or essentially warehousing students with disabilities. Complaints from states and local school districts have been less about the law than about the federal government’s failure to pay its promised share of the costs. But at the hearing, Ms. DeVos questioned the basic premise that the federal government has a role in ensuring that any school receiving taxpayer dollars  —   whether a traditional public school, a charter or a private school accepting vouchers  —   comply with the law’s requirements for students with special needs. Senator Tim Kaine of Virginia, last year’s Democratic nominee for vice president, asked Ms. DeVos whether schools that receive tax dollars should be required to meet the requirements of IDEA. “I think that is a matter that’s best left to the states,” Ms. DeVos replied. Mr. Kaine came back: “So some states might be good to kids with disabilities, and other states might not be so good, and then what? People can just move around the country if they don’t like how their kids are being treated?” Ms. DeVos repeated, “I think that is an issue that’s best left to the states. ” “It’s federal law,” an exasperated Mr. Kaine replied. Mr. Kaine then asked if all elementary and secondary schools receiving tax dollars should be required to comply with reporting requirements on harassment, discipline and bullying. Ms. DeVos answered, “I would look forward to reviewing that provision. ” Senator Maggie Hassan, Democrat of New Hampshire, pressed Ms. DeVos about whether she really intended to say that states could ignore the law. “Were you unaware that it was federal law?” Ms. Hassan asked. Ms. DeVos answered, “I may have confused it. ” Ms. Hassan, who has a son with cerebral palsy, expressed concerns about private schools that accept vouchers on the condition that students waive legal rights under federal education law. “Do you think families should have recourse in the courts if schools don’t meet their needs?” she asked. “Senator, I assure you that if confirmed I will be very sensitive to the needs of special needs students,” Ms. DeVos said. “It’s not about sensitivity, although that helps,” Ms. Hassan countered. “It’s about being willing to enforce the law to make sure that my child and every child has the same access to public education,   public education. ” In her opening statement, Ms. DeVos spoke of wanting to expand options for higher education beyond traditional “brick and mortar and ivy. ” Senator Elizabeth Warren, a Massachusetts Democrat, asked Ms. DeVos whether she would enforce   education policies intended to prevent fraud at   colleges  —   institutions like Trump University, which paid to settle federal class action lawsuits accusing it of using marketing tactics to enroll students. “I will review that rule and see that it is actually achieving what the intentions are,” Ms. DeVos said. Ms. Warren, in apparent disbelief, responded: “Swindlers and crooks are out there doing back flips when they hear an answer like this. ” She added, “If confirmed, you will be the cop on the beat, and if you can’t commit to use the tools already available to you in the Department of Education, then I don’t see how you can be the secretary of education. ”",0
15298,"Move over, Mika: Joe Scarborough Is Obsessed with Steve Bannon - Breitbart","MSNBC’s Morning Joe host Joe Scarborough and   Mika Brzezinski are set to wed. But Scarborough seems unable to shake thoughts  —   or are they fantasies?  —   about White House senior adviser Steve Bannon. [On Friday morning, Scarborough fumed at President Donald Trump’s decision to withdraw from the Paris Climate Accords by blaming Bannon:  He has gone in. Donald Trump doesn’t know anything about policy. Donald Trump doesn’t know anything about politics. Donald Trump doesn’t know anything about anything. He can get up and give a good speech. You listen to him talk about any topic and he wanders from sentence to sentence to sentence. So Steve Bannon is now the President of the United States. And that was more clear yesterday than ever before. Scarborough kept returning to the “President Bannon” theme. Mediate’s Jon Levine kept count: Scarborough said the words “President Bannon” seven times in one minute: President Bannon is on the wrong side of the majority. President Bannon may be right when President Bannon is looking at President Bannon’s primary base, but when President Bannon is looking at the overall scope of American voters   …     President Bannon’s not even reading the polls right for today.   …     Again, a small subset of the population that President Bannon’s obsessed with. The “President Bannon” meme is one that gained traction on the left, several weeks ago, in what seemed to be a deliberate effort to tweak President Trump, and provoke him to sideline Bannon. The media congratulated themselves when they thought they had achieved just that, and looked forward to Bannon’s supposedly imminent departure from the administration. Along the way, some of them began to believe their own malicious propaganda. Now that they have failed, and that Bannon continues to play a critical role, Scarborough is returning to the same theme, apparently hoping that repeating the phrase “President Bannon!” like a kind of magic incanation will cause him to disappear. Alternatively, Scarborough’s behavior is involuntary, the sign of far deeper emotional attachment. Joel B. Pollak is Senior    at Breitbart News. He was named one of the “most influential” people in news media in 2016. He is the   of How Trump Won: The Inside Story of a Revolution, is available from Regnery. Follow him on Twitter at @joelpollak.",0
15299,The GOPe will try and sabotage this victory - again, ,0
15300,Plan to Let Migrant Children Attend School Enrages Many Greeks - The New York Times,"ORAIOKASTRO, Greece  —   Mariya bint Loqman Abdlkarim is 9. She arrived in Greece in February after fleeing Syria with her family and crossing from Turkey in a rickety boat. Since then, she has been living in a shabby   camp, her future uncertain, her present reduced to the bare necessities. Not long ago, the Greek government decided to give her a shot at something closer to a normal life: Along with 22, 000 other refugee children, she would be allowed to attend public school starting in October. But as with many aspects of Europe’s effort to cope with the huge numbers of migrants who have come to its shores, the plan quickly ran into intense opposition, in this case from parents in a number of communities near camps in northern Greece. The refugee children, the parents said, might have contagious diseases. Cultural differences, they said, might disrupt learning. Last week, an association representing the parents of schoolchildren in the small town of Filippiada in western Greece sent a letter to local officials and the Education Ministry, saying “explicitly and categorically that we will not accept, under any circumstance and without any compromise, that the children of   irregular immigrants” attend local schools, referring to migrants entering the country illegally. “They come from another continent with completely different diseases and health conditions,” the letter said, adding that the refugees have a “different outlook regarding the role of the family, of women, of religion. ” Their presence would “alter the Greek character of the schools,” the letter said, adding, “We will not allow religious fanaticism. ” Earlier in September, the parents’ association of two schools in the town of Oraiokastro in northern Greece threatened to occupy the school grounds in protest if refugees from a nearby   facility were allowed to join classes. A few days earlier, the local mayor had called on residents to take the law into their own hands amid rumors that some refugees were moving into houses in the area. The parents’ announcements and a video of the mayor’s suggestion that residents “intervene” caused a public outcry and a storm of angry reactions on social media. They also prompted a Greek prosecutor to investigate whether the parents’ groups or the local mayor should be charged with racist offenses. Since then, both the parents’ groups and the mayor have toned down their responses, saying their only concern is the possible health implication if the refugee children are not vaccinated. The mayor, Asterios Gavotsis, said his comments in the videotaped meeting were “misinterpreted” and that he was “not inciting anyone to commit illegal acts. ” Outside one of the schools, Haralambos Magoulianos, a    retiree waiting to collect his two granddaughters, said he opposed admitting the refugee children. “I don’t like it,” he said. “What happens if we have an epidemic? I don’t want them here,” he added, saying that youths from the nearby refugee camp “steal bicycles and jump into our backyards. ” Other parents in the area have been more welcoming. The principal of the school in Filippiada and some parents there said the letter sent by the parents in that area did not reflect their views. In Oraiokastro, Alexandra Hapsi, 41, has two children in school. She said she had cooked food and donated clothes for refugees living at the sprawling camp at Idomeni, farther north, which was shut this year. “In Europe, no one is taking in refugees, and they call us racist,” she said, adding that she also wanted reassurances that the refugees attending local schools had been vaccinated. Asterios Batos, whose children attend the same school as Ms. Hapsi’s, leads the group representing the parents’ associations of all 41 schools in the broader region. “This image of a racist municipality is unfair,” he said, referring to the broader region. “We’re not racists. We’re concerned about whether all the right precautions have been taken. ” The plan calls for the migrant children to attend school in the afternoons. Initially, they would be kept in classes separate from Greek children, but they would eventually be merged into the general student population. In comments to Greek television last week, the education minister, Nikos Filis, said the program for the induction of refugees into schools included vaccinations. The lessons will be in Greek, math and English, or another language, depending on where the refugees plan to travel on to. The government has yet to specify which schools will be part of the program, stoking frustration among some parents and local officials. “Does a neighborhood or a school have the right to say, ‘I don’t want foreigners here?’ No, it doesn’t,” Mr. Filis said. The mayor of Oraiokastro, Mr. Gavotsis, said that he was not opposed to refugees’ being educated, but that classes should be held for a year in other venues, such as disused factories, before the children attend local schools. He said the high proportion of refugees in Oraiokastro, which has a population of 30, 000, was testing tolerance. “We have 10 percent of all Greece’s refugees here,” he said, referring to some 6, 000 migrants at three nearby camps. There are just over 60, 000 refugees in camps across Greece. Tensions often boil over among frustrated migrants, some of whom have been waiting for months for the outcome of their asylum applications, and many local residents are fed up, holding regular protests. The turmoil has been exploited by members of   groups who have infiltrated some of the protests. “We just want a fair distribution,” Mr. Gavotsis said. “If that makes us racist, what can I say?” Katerina Karanikolaou, who attended the meeting where Mr. Gavotsis suggested that local residents “intervene” to stop the education plan, was the only one of 72 parents to vote against a motion to occupy one of the schools in protest. She said the health concerns were a smoke screen. “The xenophobia started with Idomeni in February, and it’s taken root since,” she said, adding that residents feared “their town will be downgraded. ” Last Monday evening, Ms. Karanikolaou and her four children joined an antiracism rally, marching from the mayor’s office through the pristine streets of Oraiokastro, which means “beautiful castle. ” It was named by Greek refugees who settled there from 1924 to 1930 after a castle that used to sit on the coast of the Black Sea. “It’s sad,” Ms. Karanikolaou said. “Our ancestors were refugees. ” Around a mile away, in a huge disused tobacco factory, Mariya, the    girl from Syria, lives with her parents and seven siblings in a tent, one of hundreds sheltering some 1, 300 refugees. The camp is filthy  —   state health officials have called for its closure  —   but aid organizations run an efficient clinic, vaccinating children against mumps, measles, rubella and hepatitis. Stirring chunks of stale bread into a pan with browning onions for the family’s evening meal, Mariya’s mother, Jihan Sheikh Mohammed, 33, said she would prefer that her daughter attend a local school rather than receive the makeshift lessons given on site by humanitarian workers. But her father, Loqman Abdlkarim, 42, is keen to move on, as the family’s next asylum interview is not until April and he has relatives waiting for him in Germany. “I will wait another 20 days,” he said. “If nothing happens, then we’ll go back to Turkey. Even Syria is better than this,” he said, adding that drug dealing and sexual abuse were rife in the camp. Mariya, a bright, friendly girl, wants to stay. She said she would like to be a lawyer eventually. “Helping people,” she said. Oblivious to residents’ objections in the nearby town, she is eager to go to a real school, but is nervous about fitting in. Frowning pensively, she pointed to her grubby purple tracksuit and bare feet. “Will they let me go like this?”",0
15301,News: First Steps: Donald Trump Has To Go Around The White House’s Neighborhood Letting Residents Know He Is Moving In Down The Street,"Email 
Donald Trump’s inauguration may be months from now, but it looks like his Oval Office transition is already well under way. In addition to naming Reince Priebus his chief of staff and meeting with advisors on policy issues, Trump had to schedule in some time this week to go around to houses in the White House’s neighborhood and inform residents that he’s moving in down the street. 
Looks like Trump is not wasting any time preparing for his big move to 1600 Pennsylvania Avenue.“Hello, my name is Donald Trump, and as a new resident in this community, I am required to inform you that I have a history of sexually assaulting women,” said the president-elect while standing on one of his new neighbor’s doorsteps. “In the past, I have grabbed women inappropriately, made multiple unwanted advances toward women, and harassed women with vulgar and inflammatory language. For this reason, I have to go door to door telling residents of my new presence in the neighborhood. Sorry to bother you, and have a nice day.” 
After spending most of Tuesday exploring potential cabinet picks, Trump was later spotted going around the White House’s neighborhood and knocking on doors, continuing to alert his new neighbors to his history of sexual assault. Standing awkwardly on front porches and avoiding eye contact, Trump promised local residents that he wouldn’t cause any trouble for them or their families and planned to mostly keep to himself for the next four years as president of the United States. He then finished the day by meeting with several economic advisors. 
It’ll be interesting to see what a Trump presidency might look like as he spends the next few days crafting policy goals and reassuring his new neighbors that his motorcade will take alternate routes to ensure that he is never within a hundred yards of a school. If he keeps making the rounds at this pace, it won’t be long before all of the residents of Pennsylvania Avenue have been made aware of his record of sexual assault. 
President Obama still has a few more months left in the White House, but pretty soon Trump will be moving in. So far, the president-elect seems determined to make that transition as smooth as possible for him, his fellow Republicans, and the local residents whom he has been individually informing of his status as a sexual predator.",0
15302,OBSTRUCTION OF JUSTICE: The Clintons’ Long History Of Losing Documents,"We Are Change 

Bill and Hillary Clinton have a long history of losing documents during various investigations and scandals over the years going all the way back to their time in Arkansas.
It’s not just the current investigation into deleted emails in which the State Department’s own internal probe found former Secretary of StatW Hillary Clinton violated federal record keeping laws . It’s not just whitewater, it’s several investigations where documents have turned up missing, exonerating the Clintons and clearing them of guilt, despite huge violations of obstruction of justice.
HISTORY OF LOSING DOCUMENTS DURING INVESTIGATIONS: 
In 1999, investigators looked into then First Lady Hillary and President Bill Clinton’s scandals, which included Whitewater, Travelgate, Filegate and other scandals. It was discovered that more than 1 million subpoenaed emails were mysteriously “lost” due to a “glitch” in a West Wing computer server . 
During the Project X email scandal, career White House staffers and contractors found that someone close to the first lady had basically turned off the White House’s automated email archiving system. 
WHITEWATER: 
The first notable case is the whitewater land scandal fiasco, which started in Arkansas when Bill Clinton was governor. The allegation is that the Clintons used the Rose Law Firm and the Arkansas Financial Department Authority, as well as Madison Guaranty Savings and Loan owned by Susan and Jim McDougal , to scam Arkansas residents. An investigation was started when the Clintons invested and lost money in the Whitewater Development Corporation.
An entire article could be dedicated to the Whitewater scandal, but what is important here is that documents for the whitewater investigation turned up missing were later discovered at the Clintons’ home .
Ben Shapiro of Breitbart noted in his own article on Hillary’s long history of hiding documents :
In 1996, a special Senate Whitewater committee released a report from the FBI demonstrating that documents sought in the Whitewater investigation had been found in the personal Clinton quarters of the White House. The First Lady’s fingerprints were on them. The documents had gone mysteriously missing for two years. 
Mark Fabiani, special White House counsel, immediately stated that there was no problem, according to the Times: “He added that she had testified under oath that she had nothing to do with the documents during the two years they were missing and did not know how they ended up in the family quarters.” Hillary remains the only First Lady in American history to be fingerprinted by the FBI. Those weren’t the only missing Whitewater documents later found in the Clinton White House. 
VINCE FOSTER: 
The next notable case, which is also connected to Whitewater is Vince Foster. Foster worked alongside the Clintons as a top Rose Law firm attorney who had worked intimately with then First Lady Hillary Clinton throughout their career together. After Foster’s “suicide,” documents went missing from his office . Secret Service officer Henry O’Neill testified that he witnessed aides removing documents.
Several years later, more documents pertaining to Hillary Clinton and Vince Foster again vanished, this time from the National Library including a document from Ken Star’s investigation that proves that the “suicide” of Vince Foster was actually a murder . In those documents is the smoking gun that shows that Vince Foster sustained not one but two bullet wounds. One to the neck and one to the head an impossible suicide scenario.
In addition to that, experts have called Foster’s suicide note “a forgery.” One of my rules is once, twice, okay, but three times is not a coincidence—it’s a criminal conspiracy. Conspiracy, as in the legal definition not a theory none of this is a theory when it’s well sourced.
TRAVEL GATE: 
In 1996, the day before the Whitewater documents were found at the White House, a two-year-old memo emerged written by a former Presidential aide. According to the New York Times it proved that Hillary Clinton “had played a far greater role in the dismissal of employees of the White House travel office than the Administration has acknowledged.” 
PROJECT X EMAIL GATE: 
According to Tom Fitton, President of Judicial Watch, Hillary’s top lawyer and top aide, Cheryl Mills “helped orchestrate the cover-up of another major scandal, often referred to as ‘Project X Email-gate.’” Over the course of years, the Clinton Administration allegedly withheld 1.8 million email communications from Judicial Watch’s attorneys, as well as federal investigators and Congress. In addition, Judicial Watch says that when a White House computer contractor attempted to reveal the emails, White House officials “instructed her to keep her mouth shut about the hidden e-mail or face dismissal and jail time.” 
2015-2016 EMAIL GATE: 
Where do I start about the botched investigation of Hillary’s private email server? The obstruction of justice is so broad, it’s insane. She used “bleach bit” software the day after being subpoenaed, smashed several BlackBerrys and iPads with hammers, was tipped off by the DoJ and DoS into the investigation, according to Wikileaks, etc.
Clinton’s close ally Terry McAulife gave a donation to the wife of the Deputy Director Of The FBI. Bill Clinton met with Attorney General Loretta Lynch towards the end of the investigation. The list goes on…
2 TERABYTES OF DATA MISSING: 
Two terrabyte drive with Clinton White House emails missing, presumed stolen from National Archives https://t.co/p3eZqxKxke pic.twitter.com/792rxje642 
— WikiLeaks (@wikileaks) November 3, 2016 

Yet even with all of the evidence, the current FBI director—who has been revealed to be connected to the Clintons—has once again refused to acknowledge the corrupt career nature of the Clintons.
Director James Comey told Congress Sunday that the FBI does not recommend charges against Clinton, even after an additional 650,000 emails were discovered on the laptop of her aide’s estranged husband, Anthony Weiner.
Whether it’s deleting emails or covering up documents to prevent prosecution, it has always been the Clinton way. Why is it that journalists can uncover this past historic information, but the FBI investigators can’t? 
Something isn’t right. Drain the swamp and nominate AK for FBI Director 2017, and stay tuned to We Are Change. This case is closed. The Clintons are corrupt. That, or documents have somehow developed an artificial intelligence to stay away from the Clintons. It must be a right wing conspiracy. I would be willing to put my deplorable eggs into one basket and say it’s the latter.
The post OBSTRUCTION OF JUSTICE: The Clintons’ Long History Of Losing Documents appeared first on We Are Change .
",0
15303,‘Moonlight’: Baptism by Hope,"( IMDb ) 
The first two movements of the movie “Moonlight,” Barry Jenkins’ lyrical account of one young man’s passage to adulthood, shatters the soul into sharp-edged shards. The third section of this unique triptych, Jenkins’ adaptation of Tarell Alvin McCraney’s play , “In Moonlight Black Boys Look Blue,” rearranges these fragments in a way that makes its characters—and viewers—whole. 
This coming-of-age story is all the more singular because it is a serious film by African-Americans, one that employs the familiar tropes of black poverty and underemployment, and yet defines its characters not by the struggle against the racism, drug addiction or incarceration that limit them, but by the humanity that elevates them. This distinguishes it from other compelling recent films such as “12 Years a Slave” and “The Birth of a Nation,” which contend with the hopelessness of slavery. 
The place: the northwest Miami enclave of Liberty City . The time: the 1980s, perhaps not so long after white police officers have been acquitted of beating to death a black youth. One afternoon, Juan ( Mahershala Ali ), a dealer during this period when crack is replacing pot and heroin as the drug of choice, sees a small schoolboy running from his pursuers, who taunt each other to “get his gay ass!” 
The undersize 9-year-old, Chiron (played by the watchful Alex Hibbert), takes cover in an abandoned building from which Juan extracts him. The older man takes Chiron to the modest home he shares with Teresa ( Janelle Monáe ). For those who know Hollywood movies, this is particularly fraught. Is Juan planning to recruit Chiron as a sex partner, a drug runner, or …? 
Juan is a dealer, but that’s not all he is in this movie, which refuses to reduce characters to fit convenient pigeonholes. Juan is also a supremely empathic father figure who looks out for and protects this stripling. 
Still, for Chiron, nicknamed “Little,” the world is a brutish place that diminishes people who are different. While at first Chiron is almost mute, after a meal he quietly asks Juan what the word “faggot” means. 
Wisely, Juan blames Chiron’s victimizers: “ ‘Faggot’ is a word used to make gay people feel bad,” he says. When Chiron asks, “Am I one?” Juan shrugs and replies, “You could be gay, but you don’t got to let people call you a faggot.” Despite Juan’s excellent advice, Chiron will let his mother ( Naomie Harris , in a devastating turn) and his baiting schoolmates call him just that. The only time Chiron is not on what appears to be emotional lockdown is with a schoolmate named Kevin, as outgoing as Chiron is introverted. 
Juan does not teach Chiron to fight back. Nor, in the calm blue waters off of Miami Beach, does the older man send the boy the message that life is a matter of sink or swim: He teaches Chiron to float. The moment Chiron ceases to navigate the world burdened with fear and humiliation and experiences zero gravity, his weightlessness is transcendent. 
On a moonlit evening when Chiron is a teenager (now played by wiry, wary Ashton Sanders), he finds himself on that same beach, silent but for the plash of gentle waves. While in most encounters Chiron retreats from others, this night he approaches Kevin. They talk. Another moment of ecstatic weightlessness. Another glance at the fluidity of masculinity. 
Though there are moments of violence and betrayal in “Moonlight,” Jenkins quietly achieves something that more didactic filmmakers cannot. In this film, with minimal plot and dialogue, he brings his camera up close to his characters. Without telling us how to feel, he gives us the space to feel Chiron’s inner thoughts. The result is a movie that, like the scene of Juan teaching Chiron how to float, is a baptism by hope.",0
15304,Fewer Tomatoes in Ketchup? East Europeans Pursue Parity at the Grocery - The New York Times,"BRATISLAVA, Slovakia  —   When Simona Budinska, a    public relations specialist, had trouble finding   products at her local grocery, she and her husband began driving across the border to Austria, where the stores were teeming with choices. But it was not the variety of products on the shelves as much as what was in them that stunned the couple. “The washing powder was just much more effective, and the ketchup contained more tomatoes than the Slovak one,” Ms. Budinska said. The countries of Eastern and Central Europe have long bridled at being treated like the poor cousins of the European Union family. It does not help that even after more than a dozen years in the bloc, wages remain lower, corruption persists and public services, like schools and hospitals, are far scruffier. But now that sense of resentment  —   of being treated as   citizens by more prosperous neighbors  —   is reaching even into the region’s refrigerators and cupboards. With rising passion, prominent politicians and local news media have taken up the issue of whether Eastern Europeans are being sold inferior products. The issue has steadily emerged with growing consumer awareness among a newly prosperous middle class. Yet it also crosses class and party lines, so it is   for politicians looking to play on the region’s festering grievances as a wave of nationalism sweeps the Continent. Last month, the leaders of Poland, Hungary, Slovakia and the Czech Republic went so far as to ask the European Commission to investigate the complaint, which has been backed up in recent years by several studies, though not exhaustive ones. “People who are bothered about this trend tend to be young, middle class and higher income,” said Daniel Prokop, head of social and political research at Median, a private polling and marketing agency in Prague. “Politicians need some enemies to mobilize support. And they like the food issue, because it can be blamed on foreigners. ” Food producers and industry analysts point out that it is common for ingredients to differ from country to country, sometimes to favor local producers, sometimes to appease local tastes and, yes, sometimes to increase profits by substituting cheaper ingredients. “Brand owners nearly always tailor a product for its target market, whether by age, ethnicity, income, geographic location or any other demographic,” said Lisa McTigue Pierce, executive editor of Packaging Digest, published in Oak Brook, Ill. Indeed, she said, the trend has been that consumers demand such customization and personalization, not homogeneity, at the supermarket. But bitter Eastern Europeans insist that their situation is different. They are part of the European Union, a common market, and they believe that means that food quality should remain constant throughout all 28 nations. “We cannot allow our citizens to be considered second class,” said Gabriela Matecna, Slovakia’s agriculture minister. “Slovak consumers, just like consumers from other countries of the European Union, have the right to get the same quality of food when it comes to the same brand from the same producer. ” With parliamentary elections set for the fall, the food issue has gotten an even bigger push next door in the Czech Republic. Marian Jurecka, minister of agriculture there, has been leading the charge on the issue since 2015. He denies that it has anything to do with politics. But the populist party leading in the polls was created by Andrej Babis, an oligarch currently serving as finance minister, whose holdings include some of the country’s leading food producers. In Slovakia, the populist prime minister, Robert Fico, faces rising competition from extreme   groups and a series of corruption scandals. He has seized on the food issue, too. “We will ask the European Commission to adopt the suitable legislation as soon as possible,” Mr. Fico said this year, “to stop the practices that degrade the citizens of Slovakia, Hungary, Poland and the Czech Republic. ” While rumors that inferior food is shipped to the East have swirled for years, only in 2011 did the Slovak Association of Consumers conduct a comparison of a basket of products purchased in Austria with the same products bought in Slovakia. In all but one case, the products in the East were inferior, the group concluded. This led Olga Sehnalova, a Czech member of the European Parliament, to take up the cause. She conducted a test with her own basket of products and found half were inferior. “Regrettably, I had to confirm that differences were really found, and not in terms of something being more or less tasty but in the quality of the basic ingredients,” Ms. Sehnalova said. A later test, released in February, found that eight of 23 tested products were of lesser quality, she said. And a subsequent survey of Slovak and Austrian foods had even worse results. The Czechs found that many   products  —   Mövenpick bourbon vanilla ice cream, Carbonell extra virgin olive oil, Heinz ketchup  —   were identical whether purchased in Germany or in the Czech Republic. But when differences were found in other products, lesser quality in the East was almost always the result. Rama Classic margarine had lower fat content.   Sprite and Nestea used fructose as a sweetener in the Czech Republic, but actual sugar in Germany. Canned luncheon meat sold under the Tulip brand was all pork in Germany, but it included “mechanically separated poultry meat” in the Czech Republic. Officials at Rama did not respond to requests for comment. But the differences are obvious to Jens Hansen, a spokesman for Danish Crown, which makes Tulip products. “It is two different products sold under two different names in two different countries,” he said, adding that a quick look at the list of ingredients makes that clear. Ms. Sehnalova, though, said the Czechs conducting the study had taken into account the entire “visual impact” of the products, including their packaging and label design, before deciding to compare them. “Less meat, more additives and other indicators to justify saying that the quality is lower,” Ms. Sehnalova said. “That’s what we found. ” Thus far, the only studies conducted have been between Germany and the Czech Republic, and Slovakia and Austria, and these have involved only a small sampling. But officials from the region now want all Europe Union countries to undergo testing, to determine how widespread the issue is. Food producers and industry experts insist there are often sound reasons for products to differ between countries: local tastes, a preference for local ingredients, divergent buying patterns. “The formula for   is the same all around the world,” said Petr Jonak, external affairs director for   in Slovakia and the Czech Republic. “Locally we add the water, CO2, and some from the proven and authorized   sweeteners. ” The Czech Republic gets fructose syrup, he said, but so do Spain and the United States. Germany gets cane or beet sugar, but so do Austria and many other countries. The Czech Association for Branded Products said its products met all European Union regulations. If contents do change from country to country, the difference is reflected on the ingredients label. “Special attention is given to providing consumers with comprehensive information about the products, including detailed specifications of ingredients on the label, enabling them to make a qualified choice,” the association said in a statement. That has done little to allay a sense of resentment among many Eastern consumers. “It is absolutely proven that the product are inferior here,” said Helena Tomkova, 43, who runs a public relations agency in Bratislava, the Slovakian capital. “Foods are different, but also household products, like laundry detergent. The soaps sold here are not as concentrated. ” Ms. Tomkova, though, now has a financial interest in the question. In 2014, with Zuzana Hostakova, 28, she founded Drogerka, an online site where residents of Slovakia can buy products from Austria and have them delivered. Business is growing, with plans to expand into the Czech Republic. “Food quality is an issue that some care about, some don’t,” said Mr. Prokop, of the marketing and polling agency in Prague. “But for those who do, it is a potent issue. ”",0
15305,Hyperloop One,"link originally posted by: Kashai Hyperloop one is a about a transportation system that is really fast and technologically feasible to the extent that in relation to investors, easily Is on the fast tract to half a billion from investors in the not to distant future. Despite announcing a $50 million investment in mid-October, Hyperloop One plans to raise as much as $250 million in its next funding round early next year and is already seeking tens of millions in new financing, according to an investment document obtained by Forbes. Meanwhile, according to another company document, internal estimates of the cost of Hyperloop One projects could greatly exceed predictions from the concept’s architect, billionaire tech industrialist Elon Musk. www.msn.com... li=BBmkt5R&ocid=spartandhp As offered in this link by 2021 we will be carrying freight and passengers with this technology. In so far as what this technology is.... Levitation Rig The Hyperloop Levitation Rig is another unique test stand designed, fabricated and built by the Hyperloop team. This test stand is housed in an 18 cubic meter environmental chamber that is capable of achieving pressures down to 1/1000 of atmospheric. The rotor achieves surface speeds in excess of 300 m/s. These speeds are necessary to simulate Hyperloop’s cutting edge levitation systems that will be adapted for use on the Hyperpod. hyperloop-one.com... Intro The first several pages will attempt to describe the design in everyday language, keeping numbers to a minimum and avoiding formulas and jargon. I apologize in advance for my loose use of language and imperfect analogies. The second section is for those with a technical background. There are no doubt errors of various kinds and superior optimizations for elements of the system. Feedback would be most welcome – please send to hyperloop@spacex.com or hyperloop@teslamotors.com. I would like to thank my excellent compadres at both companies for their help in putting this together.PDF Now I am not an Engineer but clearly this seems a step forward in transportation technology. I have seen a couple YouTube vids debunking this.. Or at least pointing out how hard it will be to actually pull it off..and it not kill every one at the slightest mishap... Kinda like ethenol, it might be a red herring of sorts.. That said ANY time you try and create new tech some good comes out of it. Every mistake could invent something you weren't even trying for... Take NASA for example..EVERY single day we use some plastic or polymer that didn't work for space, but made a really good pencil eraser.. Money is fake...just some BS we tell ourselves. Labor, materials and KNOW how are all that matter. So IMHO reguardless or cost invention wins.",0
15306,Polls: Ryancare Even More Unpopular Than Obamacare and Hillarycare - Breitbart,"Multiple polls show that the GOP’s Ryancare healthcare plan is even more unpopular than the perpetually unpopular Obamacare plan or the Democrats’ 1993 “Hillarycare” plan, says FiveThirtyEight. com, which analyses polls, surveys, and data. [The GOP overhaul “is much more disliked than the ACA [Obamacare] and [President Bill] Clinton’s health care reform bill were when they were first introduced,” the site reported. March 23. “Across nine surveys, the [American Health Care Act] has garnered an average of just 32 percent in favor compared with 45 percent opposed. ”   Clinton’s 1993 healthcare plan was dubbed “Hillarycare” by GOP opponents because first lady Hillary Clinton played a central role in designing the doomed proposal for a   healthcare network. Opponents are also more enthusiastically opposed to Ryancare than its supporters are supportive, says the site, adding: enthusiasm is on the side of those against change  —   just as it was in 1993 and 2009. In the most recent Fox News poll, only 17 percent of Americans strongly favored the AHCA  …     Forty percent strongly opposed it. SurveyMonkey and YouGov polls show comparable splits. These numbers look a lot like an NPR poll from late July 2009, in which only 25 percent of Americans were strongly in favor of Obama’s health care bill and 39 percent were strongly against it  …     Even in early November 1993, a Wirthlin Group survey found that those strongly opposed (27 percent) [to Hillarycare] outnumbered those who were strongly in favor (21 percent). The new report was backed up by a Quinnipiac poll released March 23, which showed that swing voters and GOP supporters dislike the bill, which was drafted under the supervision of House Speaker Paul Ryan.  : Whites   a college degree (Trump’s base) oppose AHCA by 26 points. https:  .  pic. twitter.   —   Dave Weigel (@daveweigel) March 23, 2017,  Read it all here.  ",0
15307,Could the latest solar storm warnings bring an end to civilization as we know it?,"VIDEOS Could the latest solar storm warnings bring an end to civilization as we know it? Here are 5 catastrophic consequences of a major CME hitting the Earth and changing life as we know it By Ryan Banister - November 2, 2016 
Did you know that the White House is currently coordinating with Homeland Security to make preparations for a possible solar storm that could bring an end to civilization as we know it? An Executive Order published on October 13, by the Obama administration shows an increasing concern among White House officials about “solar flares, solar energetic particles and geomagnetic disturbances,” following a solar event which generated a Category G2 geomagnetic storm on October 8. This action could likely mean that we have an imminent solar threat in our near future. A solar discharge of great magnitude could mean entire countries could be without electricity, civil unrest and countless lives lost. If federal officials are preparing for this sort of disaster, we have enough reason to arm ourselves with the knowledge of what we might face. What are CMEs? 
Coronal Mass Ejections (CMEs) are violent explosions of plasma originating from the Sun’s corona, out of which energized particles and powerful magnetic domains emerge as fast as 3,000 kilometers per second. A CME has an associated shock wave and electromagnetic pulse (EMP) that can travel toward the Earth and interrupt satellites and power grids around the planet. There are currently no public disclosures of CMEs being detected, but there is a significant geomagnetic storm event beginning, combined with the Executive Order previously mentioned, gives cause for concern about the possibility of a CME striking our planet in the near future. A recent report from the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) Space Weather Prediction Center predicts a Category G2 geomagnetic storm from October 24 – 26. An aurora borealis is projected to be seen in the skies above New York to Wisconsin to Washington state, and interruption to satellites and power lines are expected. 
It is possible that this particular storm is not the result of a CME, but in order to be prepared, one must first know what disasters may lie ahead and plan accordingly. Here are 5 catastrophic consequences of a major CME hitting the Earth and changing life as we know it: Satellite Disruption 
If there was a high-magnitude impact of solar energy and particles, we would see an immediate response on low-Earth orbiting weather, communications, and military satellites. Some satellites could be crippled for up to a decade . The first sign that a major CME is about to strike will be a loss of connection with or permanent failure of a portion of low-Earth orbiting satellites and their associated infrastructure. The shock wave, in combination with an EMP, would likely cause significant disruption of GPS signals, possibly creating long-term failures across the global navigation satellite system. This would have disastrous implications for commercial airplanes and ships, many of which rely on GPS guidance systems for landing and docking, and a failure of timing on either of these systems could put countless lives at risk. Seismic stations, computer network synchronization and many electric power grids across the world rely on GPS clocks. Geomagnetic disturbances associated with CMEs are known to disrupt GPS clocks through interference of high frequency radio signals in both air and ground transmission. Here is some more information on EMPs. Build Your Own Faraday Cage Out of an Ammo Can Power Grid Failure 
A large-scale geomagnetic storm generated by interactions between Earth’s magnetic field and magnetic domains originating from the Sun could cause geomagnetically induced current (GIC), where transformers and power lines can experience a large flux in power from changes in the Earth’s magnetic field. The transformers and associated infrastructure may overheat and the power grid across more than half of the U.S. and many other industrialized countries could fail and cause a widespread blackout scenario if there was a large enough solar event. A study by Metatech corporation shows that a GIC with comparable magnitude to that of the 1921 geomagnetic storm would be projected to destroy more than 300 extra high voltage transformers and adjacent power lines across the U.S., leaving approximately 150 million people without power. The study highlights the risk to the power grid saying, “In 1921, a geomagnetic disturbance of approximately 5000 nT/min, ten times the magnitude of the 1989 storm, is believed to have occurred. A storm of this magnitude today would cause widespread damage to the electric grid of unprecedented proportions.” 
This means that all streetlights and stores could lose power without warning. Hospitals could lose power, causing failure of equipment and countless lives could be lost. Computers, cell phones, electric cars and anything else that requires a charge would die and be rendered unusable for the duration of the power grid failure. Credit card transactions and ATM machines will not work. A prolonged failure of even one-third of the grid could potentially require at least ten years for the repair and replacement of fried transformers, capacitors and power lines across the country. The end result of such a sudden and extreme loss of electricity would result in a cataclysmic loss of life, with projected human casualties at almost 100 million as a result from one major geomagnetic disturbance. Hurricanes & Tornadoes 
Hurricanes and tornadoes are thought to be closely associated with solar activity, according to Dr. Vladimir I. Merkulov, a Russian physicist who is well-known for his research into gravitational waves in the atmosphere and in vortex chambers. Merkulov has developed the Electro-gravitational Dynamic Concept of Hurricanes and Tornadoes based from observations of the physical structure of vacuum domains originating from the Sun. In his book, Amazing Hydromechanics , he says that tornadoes and hurricanes are caused by increased solar activity, including CMEs, from which vacuum domains emerge that have both electrical and magnetic properties. According to Merkulov, this means that a large CME event could be closely associated with an inestimable increase in the occurrence of tornadoes and hurricanes. While satellite communications fail and the power grid shuts down, residents of the Midwest may be dealing with multiple tornado strikes and coastal areas could have a hurricane fast-approaching the shoreline. Many of them may not realize the immediate threat that is heading toward them due to failing emergency communications being disrupted. Nearby hospitals may be unable to help those who are injured due to the failure of large portions of the power grid. Economic Collapse 
The economic collapse that would result from this event would create a poverty never before seen in North America. Losing electricity would mean that ATM machines will not work and banks will be closed. Losing access to electronic currency will cripple many who have become reliant on credit cards and other forms of digital currency. Grocery store shelves will be left entirely empty and supply trucks would likely be unable to resupply stores. If there are gas stations able to process transactions, gas supply will be severely limited. There is no reason to expect that the Federal Reserve Note will survive such a collapse; stored precious metals might become an alternative form of currency and bartering may become a primary means of exchange. Here are six ways to prepare for this type of disaster. Social Upheaval 
When people starve and are unable to get what they need for survival, you can expect that a certain amount of them will end up looting homes or stores . Those who do not live near a river or stream may entirely lose access to clean water, which could likely mean that millions of people would be forced to relocate within days of the initial event. Having firearms for self-defense will be necessary amidst the social upheaval resulting from a CME and the associated events mentioned above. There is no reason to expect that police and military will have the desire nor capability to help those who may fall victim to looters; everyone will have their own family and loved ones to look after. 
Knowing the risks to life and property that may lie ahead is only a part of the battle. Each of the likely future scenarios mentioned above should be planned for in conjunction with the others.",0
15308,Iran’s Supreme Leader Thanks Trump for Showing America’s ‘True Face’ - The New York Times,"TEHRAN  —   With Iran calibrating how to deal with President Trump, its supreme leader, Ayatollah Ali Khamenei, caustically thanked the new American leader on Tuesday for revealing “the true face” of the United States. “We are thankful to this newcomer,” Ayatollah Khamenei told Iranian Air Force commanders, according to a report posted on his official website. Iranian officials had been showing caution since Mr. Trump took office last month. Despite expressing anger at his policies and comments, even   have taken care not to provoke the new American president. But on Tuesday, it became seemingly apparent to Iran’s leaders that Mr. Trump is not easily ignored. After Ayatollah Khamenei spoke out sarcastically about Mr. Trump, others expressed worries. Iran’s foreign minister, Mohammad Javad Zarif, said in an interview with a local newspaper that he expected “difficult times ahead” for Iran, now that Mr. Trump was in charge. Iran’s president, Hassan Rouhani, defended the nuclear agreement between his country and six world powers, including the United States, by saying that the deal was “ ” for all. But Mr. Trump  —   who has described the nuclear agreement as “really, really bad” but has not made any moves to alter it  —   disparaged Iran again on Twitter, this time in a defense against criticism that he is too close to Russia and its leader, President Vladimir V. Putin. Mr. Trump wondered how President Barack Obama could have made a nuclear agreement with Iran, a country Mr. Trump described as “#1 in terror. ” Mr. Trump seemed to be summarizing comments by his defense secretary, Jim Mattis, who on Sunday called Iran the “biggest sponsor of state terrorism. ” Many Iranians have expressed astonishment and ridicule at such assertions, pointing to terrorist groups that despise Iran and the West. First Al Qaeda, responsible for the Sept. 11, 2001, attacks, and more recently the Islamic State, which has been killing thousands in the Middle East and is responsible for committing and inspiring attacks in Europe and the United States. “Trump is trying to corner Iran, to make us bow before the U. S. and change our behavior, or face confrontation,” said Nader Karimi Joni, a political activist close to Mr. Rouhani’s government. Mr. Trump included Iran on  a list of seven predominantly Muslim countries whose citizens have been barred from entering the United States under an executive order that has been blocked, for now, in the American court system. Mr. Trump’s national security adviser, Michael T. Flynn, warned Tehran last week that it had been put “on notice” after an Iranian missile test. Washington imposed new economic sanctions on 25 people and entities after the missile launch, which Mr. Flynn said had violated a 2015 United Nations Security Council resolution approved after the United States and other world powers reached an agreement with Iran on its nuclear program. Iran has asserted that its missile tests do not violate that resolution and fall within its rights to  . In another possible move against Iran, Mr. Trump’s advisers are debating an order intended to designate its Islamic Revolutionary Guards Corps as a foreign terrorist organization, according to current and former officials in the United States briefed on the deliberations. For Ayatollah Khamenei, Mr. Trump’s ascent appears to have vindicated many suspicions harbored by the Iranian leader, who has said many times that the United States cannot be trusted. “He has proven what we have been saying for more than 30 years  —   we would always speak about the political, economic, moral and social corruption in the U. S. administration  —   this man revealed it during the election campaign and since then,” Ayatollah Khamenei said, according to a translated text of the speech. Hamidreza Taraghi, a political analyst close to Iran’s leaders, said Mr. Trump’s “threatening and ranting” style reflected a miscalculation of Iran’s power. “He will soon realize Iran will not be intimidated,” Mr. Taraghi said. The history of animosity between both countries is long and deep. Several American administrations, including Mr. Obama’s, have argued for years that Iran is a state sponsor of terrorism, because of its support for the Lebanese Hezbollah movement and the Palestinian groups Hamas and Islamic Jihad, which the United States regards as terrorist organizations. Iran has also been held responsible by the United States for several terror attacks, most decades ago. One of them, of course, was the seizure of 54 members of the American Embassy staff in Tehran for 444 days during the Islamic Revolution in 1979. Iran also has been accused of involvement in a 1983 bomb attack at a Marines barracks in Lebanon, where 241 service personnel died. In 2003, a federal judge ruled that Hezbollah carried out the attack at the behest of Iran. Several judges have ordered Iran to pay billions of dollars in damages. Iran denies the accusations. Iran has pressed several claims against the United States. Iran holds the United States responsible for having supported Saddam Hussein with intelligence, funds and weapons after he attacked Iran in 1980, dragging both countries into a   war where thousands of Iranians and Iraqis died. In 1988, an American naval vessel, the Vincennes, shot down an Iran Air commercial plane, flying over the Persian Gulf to Dubai, in the United Arab Emirates. All 290 people aboard died. Iran called the attack deliberate and the United States called it a mistake. Under a settlement at the International Court of Justice in The Hague, the United States offered no apologies and was ordered to pay around $60 million in damages to families of the victims. Some of Mr. Trump’s top aides apparently view Iran and its clerical leaders as a leading source of evil. During his inaugural speech, Mr. Trump vowed to “unite the civilized world against radical Islamic terrorism, which we will eradicate from the face of the Earth. ” At the time, many thought he meant the Islamic State, but in books and speeches both Mr. Flynn and Mr. Mattis said Iran was radically Islamic and described the country as the biggest threat to peace in the Middle East. In a Twitter post on Friday, Mr. Trump said: “Iran is playing with fire  —   they don’t appreciate how ‘kind’ President Obama was to them. Not me!” Ayatollah Khamenei responded to Mr. Trump’s Friday posting in biting fashion with his own remarks on Twitter. “Iran should’ve appreciated Obama!” he wrote, adding, using the Arabic acronym for the Islamic State: “How come? Appreciate him for #DAESH, war in Iraq Syria or public support for 2009 unrest?” In a   post, he said that Iranians would hold a rally on Friday, the 38th anniversary of the Islamic Revolution, to show “their position toward threats. ”",0
15309,ERICA GARNER BLASTS CLINTON CAMPAIGN OVER DISCUSSIONS STAFFERS HAD ABOUT HER FATHER’S DEATH IN WIKILEAKS EMAILS,"Home › POLITICS | US NEWS › ERICA GARNER BLASTS CLINTON CAMPAIGN OVER DISCUSSIONS STAFFERS HAD ABOUT HER FATHER’S DEATH IN WIKILEAKS EMAILS ERICA GARNER BLASTS CLINTON CAMPAIGN OVER DISCUSSIONS STAFFERS HAD ABOUT HER FATHER’S DEATH IN WIKILEAKS EMAILS 0 SHARES 
[10/27/16] Erica Garner, the daughter of police chokehold victim Eric Garner, ripped the Hillary Clinton campaign in a series of tweets Thursday after new campaign emails released by WikiLeaks showed how the Democratic nominee’s staffers discussed the death of her father. 
“I’m troubled by the revelation that you and this campaign actually discussed ‘using’ Eric Garner … Why would you want to ‘use my dad?” Garner tweeted along with a link to emails released by WikiLeaks. “These people will co opt anything to push their agenda. Police violence is not the same as gun violence. 
“I’m vey (sic) interested to know exactly what @CoreyCiorciari meant when he said ‘I know we have an Erica Garner problem’ in the #PodestaEmails19,” added Garner. 
Garner also tweeted links to hacked emails from Clinton campaign chairman John Podesta released this week by WikiLeaks that show internal communications among top Clinton staffers about how to best word an editorial piece on gun violence that was slated to run in the New York Daily News. Post navigation",0
15310,BREAKING!!!! Obama lied.,"[ link to www.zerohedge.com ] 1Kings 18:27 And it came to pass at noon, that Elijah mocked them, and said, Cry aloud: for he is a god; either he is talking, or he is pursuing, or he is in a journey, or peradventure he sleepeth, and must be awaked.Luke 1:19-20 19 And the angel answering said unto him, I am Gabriel, that stand in the presence of God; and am sent to speak unto thee, and to shew thee these glad tidings.20 And, behold, thou shalt be dumb, and not able to speak, until the day that these things shall be performed, because thou believest not my words, which shall be fulfilled in their season. Page 1",0
15311,CNN Misspells ’Chief’ on Chyron During Segment Ripping Trump for ’Covfefe’ - Breitbart,"Wednesday on “Anderson Cooper 360” on CNN during a discussion about President Donald Trump’s apparent errant tweet that had “covfefe” instead of the word coverage.   However, during that segment in which network chief political analyst Gloria Borger was critical of Trump, CNN’s chyron had Borger identified as “CNN cheif political analyst. ” Partial transcript as follows: COOPER: Gloria, I mean a lot of people have been enjoying certainly all day on this year. You were reporting yesterday it was interesting though that Pres. Trump based on sources you talked to people who talked to the president say that he’s just kind of angry, not trusting people around him, not happy with much of anyone around him. Does this tweet figure into that the? GLORIA BORGER, CNN CHIEF POLITICAL ANALYST: Well, it kind of does, Anderson. I mean imagine him home alone at the White House, it’s a midnight, and he’s tweeting about his negative press coverage. And, clearly, he’s something that he is obsessing about constantly, and even at midnight, and he is  —   and then, I don’t know why he ended the tweet with covfefe, but he gave up essentially. But you can imagine him being alone and mad and feeling as nobody to talk to when he has to do his own press. And so he started but then he stopped in the middle of it. Follow Jeff Poor on Twitter @jeff_poor",0
15313,Академик Матишов: В Арктике не может быть границ,"0 комментариев 0 поделились Действительный член РАН, директор Мурманского морского биологического института, председатель Южного научного центра РАН Геннадий Матишов 
— Геннадий Григорьевич, в ы регулярно участвуете в заседаниях международной целевой группы Арктического с овета (АС) по вопросам морского сотрудничества в Арктике. Недавно вернулись из США, где в Портленде участвовали в очередном заседании г руппы. Что можно сказать о его итогах? 
— На это заседание собрались представители министерств и ведомств Дании, Исландии, Канады, Норвегии, США, Финляндии, Швеции, организаций коренных народов Арктики (саами, алеуты, инуиты), программ ООН, Всемирного фонда дикой природы и др. Участвовала и российская делегация под председательством МИДа РФ. Стоит подчеркнуть, что заседания группы — это не научные мероприятия. Однако все решения и комментарии подкрепляются научно-обоснованными выводами, согласованными с научной общественностью стран-участниц АС. 
Из мероприятия в Портленде можно сделать однозначный вывод — Арктика едина. Вновь признано, что границы морских экосистем не обязательно совпадают с границами национальной юрисдикции, отдельных государств. Во главу угла положен именно экосистемный подход, а это подразумевает скоординированный подход к управлению морскими районами Арктики, в том числе за пределами национальной юрисдикции. Именно поэтому за столом совета и его групп собрались не только ученые, но и шефы министерств стран-участниц. Не раз отмечалось, что уровень такого представительства необходимо повышать. 
Ясно, что выработка согласованных решений — очень сложное дело. Ведь никто на заседании не отрицал того факта, что прибрежные государства Северного Ледовитого океана обладают суверенными правами над своими участками континентального шельфа. Что арктическое региональное сотрудничество должно вестись так, чтобы не ограничивать указанных прав. Повторю, что интересы нашей страны в Портленде помогал отстаивать представитель российского МИДа. 
Данные обсуждения, как и предшествующие им в Рейкьявике в июне этого года, велись отчасти в контексте работы подготовительного комитета ООН. Там разрабатывается международный юридически обязывающий инструмент (в рамках конвенции ООН по морскому праву) для сохранения и рационального использования морского биологического разнообразия районов, находящихся за пределами национальной юрисдикции. Возможно, в перспективе появятся особо охраняемые морские акватории, в том числе в районе открытого моря в центральной части Северного Ледовитого океана. 
В то же время я считаю, что роль науки в освоении Севера в нашей стране все еще принижена. Уверен, что необходимо инициировать в Российской академии наук отдельную федеральную программу по Арктике и Антарктике. Она должна объединить усилия различных федеральных министерств — транспорта, природных ресурсов и т. д. Программа могла бы способствовать выполнению долгосрочных научно-исследовательских работ в высоких широтах, решению социально-экономических задач. 
— В этом году в Университете Тромсё (Норвегия) прошла уже X международная научная конференция ""Арктические границы — 2016"", в ы там выступили с докладом. Что в нем было главное? 
— Доклад был посвящен радиоэкологическим исследованиям в Арктике Мурманского морского биологического института РАН и Южного научного центра РАН. Я рассказал о наших многолетних исследованиях в сфере атомной безопасности в Баренцевом регионе. Они проводились, в частности, в рамках финско-российско-норвежского проекта по охране окружающей среды и радиационным исследованиям Европейской Арктики. Вот лишь некоторые выводы. 
Так, ученые сравнили существующий уровень содержания искусственных радионуклидов в почвах, дикорастущих грибах и ягодах с аналогичными данными предыдущих лет. Вывод однозначен: на всей территории Евро-Арктического региона наблюдается устойчивое снижение радиоактивного загрязнения всех элементов наземных экосистем. С точки зрения радиационной гигиены употребление в пищу ""продуктов леса"", собранных в северных районах России, Финляндии и Норвегии, абсолютно безопасно. 
Что касается Баренцева моря, то анализ многолетней динамики радиоактивного загрязнения воды, донных отложений и биоты показал: по сравнению с 1960-ми годами активность искусственных радионуклидов многократно снизилась и достигла минимальных значений, возможных в ""ядерную эпоху"". Сыграли свою роль естественные океанологические процессы и радиоактивный распад. 
— Есть ли перспективы совместных исследований по Шпицбергену? 
— В принципе, да. Есть шанс дополнительного финансирования в рамках российско-норвежского сотрудничества от Научно-исследовательского совета Норвегии и РФФИ, возможно, минобрнауки РФ. Заявок на такие проекты традиционно не очень много, поддерживаются в итоге три-четыре проекта. Причем есть условие — должно быть привлечено финансирование со стороны бизнеса в размере 35 процентов. 
Мы рассматриваем возможность своего участия в таких проектах. Они могут быть в области аквакультуры — по выращиванию трески, других видов рыб. Прибавьте такие аспекты, как разработка рецептуры кормов, паразитологические исследования и др. Актуальны исследования по снижению смертности на этапе перехода от личинок к молоди. 
Возможно, стартует совместный проект по губам арктических архипелагов — Шпицбергена и Новой Земли. Есть и другие планы. 
— На юг России все чаще приезжают различные китайские бизнесделегации. Каковы общие точки соприкосновения между учеными наших стран? 
— Многого мы ждем и от сотрудничества с китайскими коллегами. Контакты установили с Университетом города Ланьчжоу, где взялись за изучение одного из самых распространенных видов почв — лёссов — Евразии. Наши партнеры интересуются также климатом в глобальном масштабе. 
Скажете, какая тут связь — почвы и климат? Самая прямая. Есть параллели между изменениями климата и палеопочв. Изучая, какими были почвы в различные геологические эпохи, как они менялись, можно понять, каким был тогда климат. Это своего рода климатическая ""археология"". Правда чтобы продвинуться в ней, одной теории недостаточно — необходима программа бурения почв. Возможно, она появится в рамках российско-китайского проекта по сравнению осадочных хребтов в океане и на суше. Надеемся на поддержку РФФИ и Фонда научных исследований Китая. 
Мы также обсуждаем с китайскими коллегами еще один проект — по разработке подходов к комплексному управлению водными ресурсами и землепользованием в условиях маловодья и динамики климата. География проекта — это наши Приазовье и Нижний Дон, а также Тибетское нагорье и бассейн реки Амур на территории КНР. 
Возможно, в будущем году мы возьмемся за новую научно-исследовательскую программу по изучению ландшафтно-климатических изменений вдоль Великого шелкового пути. Имеется в виду его северная ветка, которая может протянуться от берега Каспия через систему Маныч-Чограй до Азово-Черноморья. В работе смогут участвовать и ученые из Казахстана, Азербайджана и Туркмении. Такая программа полезна для развития сотрудничества стран в рамках стран БРИКС. 
Беседовала и подготовила к публикации Вероника Белоцерковская 
Читайте также:",0
15314,"Venus Williams, Off the Court - The New York Times","WEST PALM BEACH, Fla.  —   Venus Williams’s ability to get around a tennis court quickly is well known. She is    and nearly can get from one side to the other in a single    . Less known is her speed in taking meetings. Earlier this week, on Tuesday, Ms. Williams hit nearly every department of her fashion and interior design companies in about an hour and a half. It was a few days after she had returned from Rio de Janeiro, where she won a silver medal in mixed doubles tennis, and one day before she was to leave for New York for the United States Open, which begins Aug. 29. In the morning, she had practiced for two hours in the sweltering sun of South Florida in summer, run home for a shower and then come to the office with Harry, her    Havanese, in tow. Dressed in a hot pink tank top, heather gray capri yoga pants and hot pink sneakers, she hovered over a couch on which a panoply of tennis clothes had been draped:   tennis dresses with a bright geometric pattern skirts in the same pattern blue tank tops visors headbands a fuchsia hoodie. “I have been waiting to wear this dress, it is such a fun dress to wear,” she said as she decided on one of the graphic dresses, the flagship piece of the new Prism collection, which she will debut next week on her own sort of New York runway, a tennis court in Queens. The agenda for this gathering was “scripting,” in which an athlete chooses which outfits she will wear for tournament play. “What about this?” asked her marketing director, Marlon LeWinter, pointing to a blue sleeveless top. “If it’s daytime,” Ms. Williams answered, “I may want something else because that color can actually attract a lot of heat. ” To all of her matches at the Billie Jean King National Tennis Center, in fact to all of her matches everywhere, Ms. Williams, 36, wears EleVen by Venus Williams, her fitness and athleisure clothing line. At the Olympics, she wore a Wonder   dress of her own design, and had red strands woven into her braids (“my Olympic hair,” she called it). As she sifted through the Prism options, she was rethinking her braids. “The big question is what hair color now,” she said as she pointed to splashes of blue and magenta in the dress’s pattern. She quickly dismissed a suggestion that she braid in strands of all the colors. “Too schizophrenic,” she said. “I’m liking the orange. ” Next meeting. Ms. Williams became a professional tennis player in 1994, when she was 14 years old, and quickly emerged onto the national tennis scene. She has won seven Grand Slam singles events and 14 more in women’s doubles, playing alongside her sister Serena, 34. Venus has won five Wimbledon singles titles. In 2002, she became the first   woman to earn the world’s top ranking in tennis since the onset of the open era in the late 1960s. By 2011, though, her tennis career had been slowed by illness and injury. She announced she was suffering from Sjogren’s syndrome, an autoimmune disorder that results in joint pain and sometimes crushing fatigue, among other symptoms, and withdrew from the second round of the United States Open. But she has regained momentum. She reached the semifinals in women’s singles at Wimbledon this summer and won doubles with her sister. Venus is once again in the top 10, ranked sixth in the world (Serena is ranked No. 1) and is seeded sixth at the United States Open. “I never would have predicted I would have played this long, apparently you can play this long I am learning,” she said with a laugh. “At some point it’s got to end and it will be an extremely sad day. ” But not yet. Even when she doesn’t win, she (and her sister) still garner plenty of attention. Though Venus lost in the first round of singles at the Olympics  —   she spiked a fever of 103 degrees the night before the match  —   her   record became one of the biggest stories to come out of the tennis portion of the Games when a British broadcaster congratulated Andy Murray on being the first tennis player to win two gold medals. Mr. Murray corrected him, replying, “Venus and Serena have won four each. ” “People have been talking about this a lot,” Venus said when asked about this. “Kudos to Andy Murray. ” She trains every day, playing a few hours of tennis and then hitting the gym for plyometrics or other   programs. She tries to take a day off, here and there. She takes November off altogether, no workouts at all, except for the dance classes that she began to take regularly once she and Serena added a dance competition to their annual Williams Invitational    reunion. Venus attributes her confidence as a designer to her sister. When Venus started out, her first collection was too conservative, she said, and had to be scrapped. “The real EleVen started to emerge after,” she said. “I designed a dress and I asked Serena what she thought. She said, ‘Oh my god, I love it!’ That’s when my shoulders went up and I started feeling confident. Because you know sisters, they’re always honest. ” About 10 years ago, she began to build a foundation for life off the tennis court by studying fashion and interior design, and business. In deciding on an undergraduate program focused on business administration, Ms. Williams contacted David Frantz, a professor of management at Indiana University East. “When she called up I thought it was one of my friends playing a practical joke,” said Professor Frantz, who became Ms. Williams’s adviser. “She was an excellent student. ” She graduated with a bachelor of science degree in business administration in August 2015. She said she is now studying for a master’s degree in interior architecture. All the coursework has fed into her two main businesses. EleVen, a    company, is undergoing a serious reboot since Ms. Williams hired two seasoned retail executives last year to help her centralize and take charge of operations. With a focus on getting the tennis skirts, yoga pants and lesiurewear into more boutiques and starting to leverage Ms. Williams’s international popularity, sales volume has increased by three times, according to Ilana Rosen, EleVen’s chief operating officer and Ms. Williams’s close professional confidante. Also operating from the same space is Ms. Williams’s V*Starr Interiors, a design firm with seven employees, and clients ranging from tennis clubs to luxury residential developers. The two companies sometimes collaborate. V*Starr designed the hangout space adjacent to a rooftop tennis court in the Hamptons and covered   in EleVen fabric. Steven Schwartz, the chief executive officer of the Midtown Athletic Club chain, recently met with Ms. Williams and Ms. Rosen. He has decided to both carry the EleVen line and to hire V*Starr to help design the tennis lounge and some hotel suites at its flagship club in Chicago, which is under renovation. “She wins Wimbledon doubles on Saturday afternoon and she comes to Chicago on Tuesday,” Mr. Schwartz said. “We met with her all afternoon. Athletic ability fades, and she is smart enough to know this, and she is humble enough to work with. ” At the office, she showed easy camaraderie with her employees. “Everyone here is in their lane, but they’re expected to speed,” she said. Ms. Williams sketches the EleVen designs herself on vellum paper she worked on her most recent batch in Paris, while playing in the French Open. Sipping a green juice (she drinks so much water on the court that she avoids it elsewhere) she sat on a swivel chair as V*Starr designers filled her in on current projects. Sonya Haffey, the company design director, explained that they were almost finished with a proposal being sent to a Miami hotel developer. Ms. Haffey was concerned about some of the constraints imposed by the potential client. “The art needs come in under $130 per piece,” she said, with an accessories budget of $200 an item. Ms. Williams leaned back. “Well,” she said, “let’s find the best lamps we can for $200. ” She turned her chair to look at a floor plan for a space they were designing for a luxury multifamily building. Since she had last seen the plans, the client had asked the V*Starr team for alterations. “I am still brokenhearted over the changes,” Ms. Williams said. “I guess I need to move on. ” Then she did, calling out a question to a woman sitting a few desks away. “Lorena, you started class yet? You need to teach me AutoCAD,” she said, referring to a computer software application for design and architecture. Lorena Baldridge is an intern who has been at V*Starr for two months. Ms. Williams eventually headed back into the warehouse space from where the orders of EleVen activewear are shipped to online customers and the boutiques, spas and fitness clubs that carry it. The inventory had been reorganized to make room for incoming shipments of the Prism collection. She climbed ladders and rooted through bins looking for certain pieces to pack into a box. She likes occasionally to tuck handwritten   notes into packages going off to unsuspecting customers. “I pitch in, every little bit helps, though I think they secretly check the boxes I pack to make sure I didn’t screw anything up,” she said. Ms. Williams’s main office is still the tennis court. On Tuesday, she arrived for practice at her preferred court at BallenIsles Country Club in Palm Beach Gardens, Fla. a little later than she had planned. She was running a fever the night before. Today’s practice, she said, would be modified. Instead of    cardio baseline drills, there would be   drills. And she would forgo her   workout. “I usually just power through,” she said. “I’m trying to make better choices. ” To help combat the effect of Sjogren’s syndrome, she pays close attention to her diet. She is “chegan,” as she put it, a vegan who sometimes cheats. (“I like butter,” she said.) When Serena told her she was cutting out sugar, Venus followed suit. “It’s working very well for helping with energy,” she said. “I’m on Day 58. I have a little app and it keeps track. ” For the United States Open, particularly, she needs to maintain her energy. “The U. S. Open is very New York,” she said. “It is   intense, you have to fight. Just getting   is an effort. ” She arrived for the practice session with her hitting partner, Jermaine Jenkins. He lives in Orlando, Fla. but had come to town to help her practice after Rio and before the year’s final major. He has been hitting with her the past year, since they met the year before at the French Open. Also joining was her assistant of six weeks, Zebe Haupt. His mother is friends with Venus’s mother. This is how things work in her life: Her network springs from her family. On her court, she and Mr. Jenkins worked on her   backhand. She thwacked the ball and unleashed a signature grunt. “Let me try that again,” she called out to him. He fed her another and another. Harry puttered around on the adjacent court, which is where Serena usually practices. He will travel with her to New York but was unable to go to Rio. “I couldn’t get an Olympic pass for him,” Ms. Williams said. On a water break, she tipped her head toward a couple practicing several courts away. “I need to congratulate her, I haven’t seen her since they got married,” she said, and remarked that similar fitness interests are good for family ties. “Look at us,” she said, “Serena and I are still playing doubles. ” Read More: Venus Williams Gave Me a Tennis Lesson Serena is a huge part of Venus’s life even in her absence, that is obvious. When you ask Venus a question about her life or tennis, she often answers using the pronoun “we. ” (Are her parents proud of her? “I think they’re proud because we are good daughters,” Venus said.) They have played against each other in the finals of eight Grand Slam events Serena has beaten Venus six times. Venus seems prepared for the inevitable questions about sibling rivalry. “You probably want to win because you’re the older sister and the younger sister wants to win because she’s the younger sister. We don’t talk about it much,” she said, later adding, “Losing is no fun no matter who you lose to. Beating her is not as exciting as beating someone else. I care. I care if she wins or doesn’t. ” As she has gotten older, she has become more nervous watching Serena play. “It’s hard for me to watch her matches,” she said. Venus becomes animated when she talks about Serena. It’s endearing. “When you’re a big sister,” she said, “it’s a great job. I don’t know how little sisters feel about their job, but when you’re a big sister, you’re supposed to take care of everything. And you feel good about it, I do. ” Perhaps this has informed Venus’s role advocating fair treatment of women tennis players. She began arguing for pay equity in prize money as far back as 1998, when she was 18, and then more famously took the case to a Grand Slam committee in a boardroom at the All England Lawn Tennis and Croquet Club in 2005, the day before she would win at Wimbledon. She was the subject of a documentary, “Venus Vs. ” made by Ava DuVernay, the trailblazing filmmaker whom Disney selected to direct “A Wrinkle in Time. ” More recently, at Wimbledon this year, she spoke out for fair court assignments for women, after playing a match on one of the club’s   courts. Munching on kale chips in the EleVen conference room last Tuesday, Ms. Williams said her goal is to point out realities to people who may not be fully aware of them, and to give them a chance to do the right thing. “I don’t think anyone wants to look in the mirror and say, ‘I’m ’ they don’t see themselves that way and you can’t treat them that way,” she said. “But you have to tell the truth. It’s important to be respectful of the things that have been accomplished but also to acknowledge what hasn’t been accomplished yet. ” Even she realizes she is taking on a lot, but she seems happy, incapable of idleness. “I need that pressure in my life,” she said. She carries with her a   that tries to anticipate the next shot, the next point, the next set. “I have always said that after sport, I wanted a life, I wanted an opportunity, I wanted to be able to do something,” she said. “And if something happens  —   the economy falls out or the dollar is worthless, anything could happen  —   you have to be ready to work. And I’m ready. ”",0
15315,Michael Moore Launches Whistleblower Website ’TrumpiLeaks’,"  filmmaker Michael Moore has launched a new secure website where whistleblowers can leak and share information from inside President Donald Trump’s administration. [Moore’s website “Trumpileaks” allows   whistleblowers to post leaked information via encrypted messaging apps, like Single, Whatsapp and Peerio, and even gives detailed instructions on how to send digital communications.  In an open letter on the site, the    director says leaking administration documents and information may be “dangerous” and “may get us in trouble” but “it’s our patriotic duty” to “blow the whistle in the name of protecting the United States of America from tyranny. ” “Today, I’m launching TrumpiLeaks, a site that will enable courageous whistleblowers to privately communicate with me and my team,” the   wrote, citing the historical significance of the 1778 whistleblower protection law. “Patriotic Americans in government, law enforcement or the private sector with knowledge of crimes, breaches of public trust and misconduct committed by Donald J. Trump and his associates are needed to blow the whistle in the name of protecting the United States of America from tyranny. ” “We’ve put together several tools you can use to securely send information and documents as well as photographs, video   audio recordings” Moore’s message says. “While no form of digital communication is 100 percent secure, the tools we’re using at TrumpiLeaks provide the most secure technology possible to protect your anonymity (and if you don’t require anonymity, you can just email me here). ” The launch of Trumpileaks comes amid reports that the Justice Department has charged      contractor Reality Leigh Winner for allegedly leaking a National Security Agency report on Russian Election hacking to   news site The Intercept. In March, Moore called on Democratic lawmakers to declare a “national emergency” until the FBI could complete its probe into alleged connections between President Trump, his campaign staff. and the Russian government. “The Democratic Party needs to declare a National Emergency,” Moore wrote on his Instagram. “For the first time in our history, the President of the United States and his staff are under investigation for espionage. This announcement, by the head of the   FBI, is a shock to our democracy. ” Last month, the Marley and Me director announced plans to bring an original     play to Broadway. Michael Moore (@MMFlint) unveils   Broadway play, including   excursions to Trump Tower https:  .  pic. twitter.   —   Ashley Lee (@cashleelee) May 1, 2017,  The new whistleblower website and his satirical Trump Broadway show are all part of Moore’s “  strategy” to remove Trump from office, which include: “1. Mass Citizen Action 2. Take Him To Court Nonstop 3. YOU Run for Office 4. An Army of Satire. ” 1. Mass Citizen Action.  2. Take Him to Court Nonstop.  3. You Run for Office in 2018.  4. An Army of Satire Will Defeat Them All. #ourplan,  —   Michael Moore (@MMFlint) May 21, 2017,    Follow Jerome Hudson on Twitter @jeromeehudson",0
15316,30-Year Sentence for Man Who Burned Florida Mosque Attended by Omar Mateen - The New York Times,"A Florida man who admitted that he had  burned a mosque attended by Omar Mateen, the gunman behind the Pulse nightclub massacre in Orlando, Fla.  last year, has been sentenced to 30 years in prison. The man, Joseph Schreiber, 32, pleaded no contest  —   effectively a guilty plea  —   during a hearing on Monday in St. Lucie County. Mr. Schreiber, who had a previous criminal record and who had posted   views on social media, told detectives he set fire to the Islamic Center of Fort Pierce on the anniversary of the Sept. 11 terror attacks, which in 2016 also fell on Eid   an important Muslim holiday, Assistant State Attorney Steve Gosnell said. The mosque was so badly damaged  —   photos published online show a gaping hole in the roof and an interior burned to a crisp  —   that it is expected to be relocated. The mosque, about an hour’s drive north of Palm Beach, was occasionally attended by Mr.  Mateen, the Islamic State supporter who shot and killed 49 people and wounded 53 others on June 12 at the Pulse nightclub in Orlando, the deadliest mass shooting in modern American history. Mr. Mateen was killed by police officers responding to the mass shooting. Before Mr. Schreiber was sentenced, he read aloud a lengthy statement in which he said the arson had been driven by anxiety, not hate. Florida, he said, could be targeted in another terrorist attack. “My message is this to all the Muslim communities on the face of the Earth: Make peace with America and make peace with Israel and stop the killings, stop the attacks,” he said. Mr. Gosnell, the prosecutor in the case, said Mr. Schreiber had told detectives that he believed Muslims were “trying to infiltrate our government” and that “the teaching of Islam should be completely illegal. ” Mr. Schreiber’s sentence was based on his previous criminal record and on arson evidencing prejudice, essentially a hate crime in Florida, the prosecutor said. The Sunni mosque is central to Islamic life in Fort Pierce, but it has drawn scrutiny in recent years as a place of worship for young men who staged terror attacks. In addition to the connection with Mr. Mateen, the Islamic Center had been a frequent stop for Moner Mohammad Abusalha, who carried out a suicide bombing in 2014 in Syria. The F. B. I. director, James B. Comey, said the men had known each other casually.",0
15317,Report: FBI Used ‘Peeing Russian Prostitutes’ Dossier As Justification For Spying On Trump Associate - Breitbart,"The controversial, partially discredited   dossier on President Donald Trump compiled by a former British intelligence officer reportedly served as the FBI’s justification for seeking court approval to clandestinely monitor Carter Page (pictured) who has been identified as a foreign policy adviser to Donald Trump. [CNN broke the story, reporting:  The dossier has also been cited by FBI Director James Comey in some of his briefings to members of Congress in recent weeks, as one of the sources of information the bureau has used to bolster its investigation, according to US officials briefed on the probe. This includes approval from the secret court that oversees the Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Act (FISA) to monitor the communications of Carter Page, two of the officials said. Last year, Page was identified by the Trump campaign as an adviser on national security. This is not the FBI’s only use of the dossier.  Last month, the BBC reported the document served as a “roadmap” for the FBI’s investigation into claims of coordination between Moscow and members of Trump’s presidential campaign. The dossier, which contains wild and unproven claims about Trump and sordid sexual acts, including the   claim that Trump hired prostitutes and had them urinate on a hotel room bed, was compiled by former intelligence agent Christopher Steele, who was reportedly paid by Democrats and   Republicans to investigate Trump. Instead of questioning the FBI’s motivations for its reported use of the suspect dossier, some news media organizations actually brandished the FBI’s reported use of it to bolster the dossier’s credibility. “Report: FBI’s use of Trump dossier in court order request boosts its credibility,” is the title of an AOL. com article. “Trump’s Russia dossier corroborated: FBI used document to obtain wiretap on Carter Page,” reported Salon. com. Coverage of the matter by other major news media outlets reviewed by this reporter failed to provide reasonable context regarding the many questions surrounding the dossier or criticism of the document from current and former U. S. officials. Last month, Senate Judiciary Chairman Chuck Grassley sent a letter to Fusion GPS, the firm that hired Steele to compile the Trump opposition research dossier, raising questions about the document, including whether Steele was ever paid by the FBI at the same time he was paid by Fusion GPS. The Washington Post reported that after being paid to compile opposition research on Trump by the billionaire’s opponents during the election, Steele “reached an agreement with the FBI a few weeks before the election for the bureau to pay him to continue his work, according to several people familiar with the arrangement. ” Ultimately, the FBI did not pay Steele, the Post reported. In light of the Post report, Grassley last month also sent a letter to the FBI requesting information on whether the agency utilized Steele. In the letter, Grassley questioned the FBI’s intentions over the Steele report: The idea that the FBI and associates of the Clinton campaign would pay Mr. Steele to investigate the Republican nominee for President in the   to the election raises further questions about the FBI’s independence from politics, as well as the Obama administration’s use of law enforcement and intelligence agencies for political ends. Citing current and former government officials, the New Yorker reported the dossier prompted skepticism in the intelligence community, with the publication quoting one member as saying it was a “nutty” piece of evidence to submit to a U. S. president. Steele’s work has been questioned by former acting CIA director Morell, who currently works at the Hillary   Beacon Global Strategies LLC. Beacon was founded by Phillippe Reines, who served as communications adviser to Hillary Clinton while she was secretary of state. From   Reines also served in Clinton’s State Department as the deputy assistant secretary of state for strategic communications. Reines is the managing director of Beacon. NBC News reported on Morell’s questions about Steele’s credibility: Morell, who was in line to become CIA director if Clinton won, said he had seen no evidence that Trump associates cooperated with Russians. He also raised questions about the dossier written by a former British intelligence officer, which alleged a conspiracy between the Trump campaign and Russia.   …     Morell pointed out that former Director of National Intelligence James Clapper said on Meet the Press on March 5 that he had seen no evidence of a conspiracy when he left office January 20. “That’s a pretty strong statement by General Clapper,” Morell said. Regarding Steele’s dossier, Morell stated, “Unless you know the sources, and unless you know how a particular source acquired a particular piece of information, you can’t judge the information  —   you just can’t. ” Morell charged the dossier “doesn’t take you anywhere, I don’t think. ” “I had two questions when I first read it. One was, How did Chris talk to these sources? I have subsequently learned that he used intermediaries. ” Morell continued: And then I asked myself, why did these guys provide this information, what was their motivation? And I subsequently learned that he paid them. That the intermediaries paid the sources and the intermediaries got the money from Chris. And that kind of worries me a little bit because if you’re paying somebody, particularly former FSB officers, they are going to tell you truth and innuendo and rumor, and they’re going to call you up and say, “Hey, let’s have another meeting, I have more information for you,” because they want to get paid some more. I think you’ve got to take all that into consideration when you consider the dossier. Meanwhile, the FBI became interested in Page after he “gave a   speech at a prestigious Moscow institute,” according to a report in the New York Times citing U. S. officials. However, the Times does not specify exactly what the FBI suspected Page was doing, or even why his speech drew FBI attention. The Times reported: That trip last July was a catalyst for the F. B. I. investigation into connections between Russia and President Trump’s campaign, according to current and former law enforcement and intelligence officials. It is unclear exactly what about Mr. Page’s visit drew the F. B. I. ’s interest: meetings he had during his three days in Moscow, intercepted communications of Russian officials speaking about him, or something else. The Times report reveals that Page was only monitored after he had already left the campaign: After Mr. Page, 45  —   a Navy veteran and businessman who had lived in Moscow for three years  —   stepped down from the Trump campaign in September, the F. B. I. obtained a warrant from the Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Court allowing the authorities to monitor his communications on the suspicion that he was a Russian agent. Aaron Klein is Breitbart’s Jerusalem bureau chief and senior investigative reporter. He is a New York Times bestselling author and hosts the popular weekend talk radio program, “Aaron Klein Investigative Radio. ” Follow him on Twitter @AaronKleinShow. Follow him on Facebook. With research by Joshua Klein.",0
15318,Judicial Watch: Huma Abedin Emails Show Favors for Clinton Foundation Donors,"Hillary Clinton emails recently discovered on Anthony Weiner’s computer revealed, among other things, that as secretary of state, she helped Clinton Foundation donors. [Clinton aide and Weiner’s wife Huma Abedin connected State Department officials to a Russian cultural organization, per a request by Clinton Foundation donor, Eddie Trump (no relation to President Trump).  According to a May 10, 2010, email obtained and published by Judicial Watch, Abedin told Doug Band, a Bill Clinton aide who formerly headed the foundation, that she “hooked up” people who recommended Trump to the “right people” at the State Department. Trump had apparently recommended that Abedin connect Russian American Foundation Vice President Rina Kirshner with people at the State Department. Abedin wrote to Kirshner on Mon, May 10, 2010, at 9:41 PM, “Hi Rina  —   wanted to connect on meeting at state department. Eddie trump passed on your email. Will be in touch soon. ” Two days later, Kirshner wrote to Abedin, thanking her and telling her that a State Department official had invited her to be part of a “  Cultural   Group” the next week: From: Rina Kirshner, Sent: Wednesday, May 12, 2010 11:29 AM, To: Huma Abedin, Subject: Re: Eddie   Band, Ms. Abedin, Just wanted to follow up and express our gratitude. I was contacted today by Ms. Christina Miner who invited us to be part of the   Cultural   Group meeting next week. Thank you very much for all your assistance  —   if there is any way we can be of assistance, please do not hesitate to contact me. Sincerely, Rina Kirshner, Abedin then forwarded that email to Band, writing, “We hooked her up with the right people here”: From: Huma Abedin [Huma@clintonemail. com] Sent: Wednesday, May 12, 2010 12:19:12, To: Doug Band, Subject: FW: Eddie   Band, fyi  —   we hooked her up with the right people here, According to Judicial Watch, the Russia American Foundation was staffed by Clinton political supporters and operatives, received more than $260, 000 in grants for “public diplomacy” from the Clinton State Department, and its leadership was supportive of former President Barack Obama’s Russia policies. Another email, two days later, showed that Abedin forwarded Trump’s name and information for inclusion on the guest list for a State dinner, even though he missed the   time to RSVP, and only spouses, not guests, were allowed. “I thought people could bring spouses but not guests. But ill [sic] send,” Abedin wrote.",0
15319,"Comment on Democrats Contaminate Cliven Bundy Jury Pool with 700,000 Mailers Falsely Connecting Him to Las Vegas Cop Killers by Jimbeau","Posted on October 27, 2016 by Tim Brown 
Well, leave it to the Democrats in Nevada to do something like this. Not only are they engaged in illegal acts concerning voter registration , but now they have ruined the good name of Cliven Bundy by sending out 700,000 mailers to households throughout Nevada and contaminating the jury pool, which has led the defense to call on the court to “change the venue” so that Bundy might receive a fair trial. 
The flyer reads, “This man’s armed standoff led to the deaths of two Las Vegas Police Officers and he’s supported by Congressman Hardy.” It also contains Cliven Bundy’s name and mug shot in front of a row of prison cells. This was also paid for by the Nevada State Democratic Party. 
Attorney for journalist Pete Santilli , Chris Rasmussen, joined with Nevada’s public defenders in a motion to compel the court for a “change of venue.” Rasmussen received one of the flyers and entered it into evidence with the court claiming that Bundy would not receive a fair trial due to the obvious propaganda sent out by the State of Nevada. 
This story about tying the Bundy’s or anyone at Bundy Ranch to Jared and Amanda Miller, the Las Vegas shooters , is bogus. By his own account, Miller was sent home from Bundy Ranch . Here’s Miller’s comment to a YouTube video claiming that very thing. 
In fact, the media jumped all over the false narrative that Miller and his wife were tied to the Bundy’s, labeling them right wing extremist terrorists , and attempting to use the propaganda for advancing attacks on the Second Amendment . The media never mentioned the fact that the Millers were involved in the Occupy Movement and it never informed the public that they were Vegas police informants . 
What’s worse is that this attempt to smear patriots for standing against the illegal and unconstitutional acts of the DC government and their willing accomplices in the Bureau of Land Management , FBI, and corrupt politicians, both in DC and local, is the fact that this was already dealt with once as Constitutional Sheriff Richard Mack was wrongly connected to the Millers. 
Deb Jordan adds , “Las Vegas Metro Police and the Clark County Sheriff’s Department cannot produce any report of violence or destruction of property during the Bundy Civil Rights Protest, except in those instances where the Bureau of Land Management were the perpetrators.” 
“Sheriff Douglas Gillespie, the then Sheriff of Clarke County said at the time, there was no direct link to the couple’s killing spree and Cliven Bundy – noting that the two had arrived in Las Vegas in January of 2014 and that they had their own agenda for starting a revolution,” she added. “Gillespie made clear he had seen NO evidence that the Miller’s had come to Nevada seeking out Cliven Bundy.” 
Nevada Assemblywoman Michele Fiore also took time to call out this injustice . 
“This mailer is completely unacceptable she said, and somebody needs to be held accountable for putting this false narrative in Nevada mailboxes,” she said. “Clearly the Bundy’s Civil Rights were being violated by a United States Government – Terrorist Organization – known as the BLM, and we all saw it happening with our own eyes. I was not the only elected official at that protest and what I want to know is, where the hell are they now?” 
Fiore also said : 
The level of propaganda being allowed by the Democratic Party must come to an end. We have men whose lives are on the line here in Nevada, and poisoning the jury pool with a downright lie must be dealt with. Not only do we have a case here that is already out of balance because it is being overseen by Judge Gloria Navarro, a left winger who was recommended by Harry Reid and appointed by Barack Obama, and Steven Myhre a Liberal Prosecutor who could obviously care less about fairness and truth, now we add to that more unfairness by allowing a left-wing propaganda machine to send out the message, that Cliven Bundy is directly responsible for the death of two of our Metro Police officers. 
This case should be awarded a change in venue in the fairness of law, and my peers should stop being cowards and get back to representing the truth about this case. 
Cliven Bundy held a peaceful protest on his own property and even though the Federal Government was not invited, they came anyway. 
They literally beat up on his family, set trained snipers on hillsides overlooking his ranch, came at them with stun guns and dogs, tried to restrict them to a first amendment area, killed and buried their cattle on public lands – in mass graves, threatened everyone who came to a lawful protest with lethal force, had armed helicopters and drones flying all over the place, and now they honestly want the American people to believe the Bundy’s were the bad guys — come on … 
The Government has stacked the odds against these men, and I am telling you right now; 
I will not stand by and watch them be railroaded by a bunch of left-wing extremist and sent to prison for crimes they did not commit. 
This case should not only be moved out of the State of Nevada, it should be dismissed altogether. 
I have no regrets for doing the right thing here when it comes to the Bundy’s — As hard as it is, I would rather lose every single race for office, before I would lose one nights sleep knowing I had betrayed them .” 
Fiore is correct. The men in Nevada were more peaceful than the agents who surrounded them. So, what are you going to do America? Will you sit quietly by at your keyboard and rage at the machine, or will you take action? 
You can contact the responsible party here: Address : 6233 Dean Martin Dr, Las Vegas, NV 89118",0
15320,Insider Reveals DNC May DUMP HILLARY Just 10 Days Before Election!,"0 comments 
According to a DNC source, they are rapidly looking for a replacement for the Democratic nominee in the wake of news that the FBI has re-opened its investigation into her private email server while Secretary of State… They are diverting money down to House and Senate races in attempt to hold on to current seats https://t.co/VxF9eKrUI4 
— Jack Posobiec 🇺🇸 (@JackPosobiec) October 29, 2016 ""The legal people are meeting to see how we can replace her"" https://t.co/VxF9eKrUI4",0
15321,U.S. Seeks Death for Charleston Shooting Suspect. Victims’ Families Prefer Mercy. - The New York Times,"CHARLESTON, S. C.  —   The Rev. Sharon Risher often thinks these days about what she calls her “humanness”: the passing impulse to crave the execution of the white supremacist accused of killing her mother and eight other black churchgoers last year. “My humanness is being broken, my humanness of wanting this man to be broken beyond punishment,” Ms. Risher said. “You can’t do that if you really say that you believe in the Bible and you believe in Jesus Christ. You can’t just waver. ” But after delays, the Federal District Court here will begin on Monday the long process of individually questioning prospective jurors for the capital trial of Dylann S. Roof, who is charged with 33 federal counts, including hate crimes, in the June 17, 2015, killings at the Emanuel African Methodist Episcopal Church. Mr. Roof, whom a judge on Friday declared competent to stand trial, has offered, in exchange for a sentence of life in prison, to plead guilty. The government has refused to make such a plea agreement. The   path to Mr. Roof’s first death penalty trial  —   the state of South Carolina is also seeking his execution  —   has been marked by public demonstrations of forgiveness and reconciliation. But the federal government’s decision to pursue Mr. Roof’s execution is widely questioned, and it is in defiance of the wishes and recommendations of survivors of the attack, many family members of the dead and some Justice Department officials. Even South Carolina’s acrimonious debate about the display of the Confederate battle flag outside the State House was less divisive in this state, polling shows. In May, Attorney General Loretta E. Lynch announced her decision to seek the death penalty against Mr. Roof, and critics of that choice make different, if sometimes overlapping, arguments. Some are opposed to capital punishment in every instance because they doubt its efficacy or morality. Others argue that because a death sentence for Mr. Roof would prompt years of appeals, the decision can only protract the emotional agony of a massacre that rattled the nation. And still others contend that executing a young man like Mr. Roof, who is 22, could allow him to escape decades of punishment. “I want that guy every morning when he wakes up, and every time he has an opportunity for quiet and solitude, to think of what Tywanza said to him: ‘We mean you no harm. You don’t have to do this,’” said Andrew J. Savage III, a Charleston lawyer, referring to Tywanza Sanders, a    man who died in the attack. Mr. Savage represents three survivors, including Mr. Sanders’s mother, and many family members of the victims who became known here as the Emanuel Nine. But Ms. Lynch chose to seek the death penalty after a contentious review process that included South Carolina’s top federal prosecutor siding with Mr. Roof’s defense lawyers in their offer of a guilty plea in exchange for a life sentence. Ms. Lynch said that “the nature of the alleged crime and the resulting harm compelled this decision. ” In a court filing the same day the attorney general made her decision public, the Justice Department cited nine aggravating factors, including that Mr. Roof had “expressed hatred and contempt towards   as well as other groups, and his animosity toward   played a role in the murder charges in the indictment. ” Prosecutors also said that Mr. Roof had “demonstrated a lack of remorse” and that he had caused “injury, harm and loss to the individuals that he killed as well as to the family, friends and   of those individuals. ” The Justice Department declined to comment further for this article. Although Ms. Lynch’s decision capped a process formally shrouded in secrecy, it was an unsurprising one to observers like Ms. Risher, who said she had felt as early as last December that prosecutors would seek the death penalty in one of the highest profile criminal matters before the Justice Department. The case’s prominence influenced Ms. Lynch’s decision, according to people with knowledge of the Justice Department’s review, and some federal officials worried that forgoing the death penalty would effectively curb the government’s options in future cases with lower fatality counts and less public scrutiny. Some of the people insisted on anonymity to discuss a confidential process. “I think what the federal government did is what the federal government thought it had to do, which was speak on behalf of the nation,” Mr. Savage said. “I was always told, ‘Well, Andy, if we don’t move for the death penalty in this case, when would we? ’” Such a strategy, he suggested, was to the detriment of the families of the victims. “It’s bad enough to live with it in 2015, 2016 and 2017,” he said. “But don’t make them carry that legal cause on for 20 years. ” There were other arguments, too. When the Attorney General’s Review Committee on Capital Cases met in Washington to hear from a defense lawyer  —   David I. Bruck  —   and William N. Nettles, then the United States attorney for South Carolina, they were told that a federal death penalty trial would be duplicative of local efforts and turn greater public attention to Mr. Roof. “I felt when I was the United States attorney that the job  —   and I used to preach this over and over again  —   was to step in when the state was either unwilling or unable,” said Mr. Nettles, who left the Justice Department in June. “The state was both willing and able to address this issue. ” Mr. Nettles otherwise declined to discuss the case. Mr. Bruck declined to comment. Members of Mr. Roof’s family have refused to discuss the case, but they said in a statement this month that they were “still struggling to understand why Dylann caused so much grief and pain to so many good people. ” The question of whether Mr. Roof should face execution surfaced soon after the killings, which happened during a Wednesday night Bible study at the whitewashed, historic church on Calhoun Street. Within 48 hours of the shootings, and less than a day after Mr. Roof was arrested, Gov. Nikki R. Haley of South Carolina said on television that she “absolutely will want him to have the death penalty. ” A University of South Carolina survey, conducted last spring, found that 55 percent of South Carolina residents supported a death sentence for Mr. Roof. But divisions among black and white residents were stark: The poll showed that only 31 percent of black residents wanted Mr. Roof to face execution, while some 64 percent of whites backed the use of capital punishment in the case. Ms. Risher knows about the divides. And as she anxiously waited for Mr. Roof’s trial to begin, she kept returning to the many flashes of doubt she has endured about her own beliefs about Mr. Roof’s fate. “I just start talking to God,” she said. “Hell, I might start screaming at God. I just go there because I know I have to go there because I can’t hold onto that. ”",0
15322,Monetary Policy at the Time of Elections,"by Yves Smith 
By Silvia Merler, an Affiliate Fellow at Bruegel who formerly worked as Economic Analyst in DG Economic and Financial Affairs of the European Commission. Originally published at Bruegel Tim Duy ’s Fed Watch says that, as expected, the Federal Reserve left policy unchanged this month and the statement itself was largely unchanged as well. The near term inflation outlook improved from September to November, and with the year-over-year impacts of oil prices falling out of the data, headline inflation will track back upwards, which is not a big surprise. With regards to the timing of the next move, Duy argues that the language suggests conditions are moving in the right direction, but the Fed is still waiting for some “further” evidence. A continuation of recent trends will likely be sufficient as the “further” evidence needed to justify a rate hike in December. Would a Trump victory derail a hike in December? Duy does not think this is likely at this juncture, and we should rather be focusing on the labour market. A slowdown in hiring to something closer to 100k a month would probably end the downward pressure on the unemployment rate and raise questions about the Fed’s basic forecast that the unemployment rate will continue to decline in the absence of additional rate hikes. We get two employment reports before the December meeting. For the Fed to stay on the sidelines yet again, we probably need to see both reports come in weak. The bottom line is that the Fed is looking past the election to the December meeting for its second move in this rate hike cycle and probably it would take some unlikely softer numbers to hold them back again. Greg Ip , on the other hand, writes in The Wall Street Journal that Tuesday’s election matters. Typically, the Fed is guided by the economic data and elections are just transitory nuisances with little significance for the outlook. But this is no typical election, as one of the candidates represents a dramatic break with economic orthodoxy – with promises of protectionism and tax cuts but few details. Trump’s election would dramatically raise uncertainty, which is the reason why the stock market has tended to go down when his odds of winning go up. For the Fed, lower stock prices translate into less wealth, which is negative for the outlook in its own right. Additionally, the Fed will assume that uncertainty in the rest of the economy will mirror what happens in the markets. All of this reduces the odds it would actually raise interest rates in December. Ip argues that the Fed can take politics into consideration without being motivated by politics: when political decisions can potentially change the course of the economy, the Fed has to incorporate that into its decisions. Thus, a Trump victory would probably cast enough of a pall over the outlook to give the Fed reason to delay its next rate increase into next year. Ironically, Mr Trump may discover that he, not Mr Obama, is the reason the Fed hasn’t tightened. Richard Clarida , commenting the FOMC statement over at PIMCO’s blog, says that there was little expectation that the Fed would announce a hike in November. The committee members said nothing in their public remarks since the September meeting to suggest that a rate hike was under serious consideration this week. Indeed, the odds of a November hike as priced by the fed funds futures market were only 16%, and for at least the past 20 years the Fed has never moved when the market has priced less than a 50% chance of a move. As for the balance of risks, the language remained in the statement after making its first appearance this year in the September Fed statement. This is relevant because it would be difficult for the Fed to justify a hike if it believed that risks were tilted to the downside, or if the outlook were so uncertain it could not even characterise the risks. Clarida does not think that the Fed is trying to signal that the odds for a December hike have diminished. A year ago, the Fed wanted to boost market odds of a hike when it thought those odds were too low. Going into today – with those odds at 70% – the Fed appeared to be content to make minimal changes to the statement only six days before the US election. Whereas in September 2016 three FOMC members dissented, at this month’s meeting dissenters were only two. So this Fed statement seems aimed at making as few waves as possible: it is a placeholder until the Fed next meets and a rate hike in December continues to be likely, if not a done deal. Natixis’ Philippe Waechter argues that the Fed is ready for December, under the assumption that Clinton wins the election. He argues that the language on inflation is the only noticeable change in the language of this statement as compared to the previous one – together with the remarks on consumption that appears less strong than in September. The Fed wants to recover room for manoeuver in its monetary policy and this is the reason why it is by now ready to accept an increase in the rates. Nevertheless, it is also acting in a context where it needs to signal that it remains vigilant. In an asymmetric approach to monetary policy, the Fed prefers to act too late (at the risk of inflation) than too early (at the risk of a slowdown in economic activity). Tiffany Wilding , again on PIMCO’s blog, looks at one indicator on which Fed’s officials have recently trained a lens: the labour force participation rate. The participation rate has risen 0.5 percentage point over the past year, and the rise has occurred despite demographic and other secular trends implying that it should have declined about 0.3 ppt. During the news conference following the Federal Reserve’s September meeting, chair Yellen highlighted this development as a reason to believe there is more slack in the labour market than previously thought. Wilding argues that the rise is not primarily the result of previously discouraged workers reentering the labour force, but stems largely from a decline in the number of long-term unemployed individuals (25 to 54-year-olds) dropping out. Notably, the decline comes on the heels of a very elevated pace of dropouts in 2014 and 2015, suggesting only limited scope for additional improvement. On the surface, it’s a good sign that people are now looking for a job longer. However, the CPS data suggest the number of marginally attached and underemployed individuals as a percentage of the working-age population hasn’t declined significantly since the participation rate started to increase last year. Taken together, these developments could indicate declining and more limited labor market slack. With respect to the participation rate, Wilding believes that the demographic and other secular forces which have driven trend declines in the participation rate will likely take over again. She views participation rate trends as a downside risk to the case for two to three hikes in the federal funds rate by the end of 2017. Meanwhile, Kenneth Rogoff says markets nowadays are fixated on how high the Federal Reserve will raise interest rates in the next 12 months. This is dangerously shortsighted: the real concern ought to be how far it could cut rates in the next deep recession. Given that the Fed may struggle just to get its base interest rate up to 2% over the coming year, there will be very little room to cut if a recession hits. The two best ideas for dealing with the zero bound (negative rates and higher inflation target) are off-limits for the moment. Of course, there is always fiscal policy to provide economic stimulus. But it is extremely undesirable for government spending to have to be as volatile as it would be if it had to cover for the ineffectiveness of monetary policy. There may not be enough time before the next deep recession to lay the groundwork for effective negative-interest-rate policy or to phase in a higher inflation target. But that is no excuse for not starting to look hard at these options, especially if the alternatives are likely to be far more problematic. The Economist’s Free Exchange argues that not every argument for keeping interest rates low is a good one. Central bankers may be too keen to spot inflation in the data, but if monetary policy operates with a lag, it makes sense to raise rates before you hit the target, to prevent overshoot. When doves reject this logic, they are implicitly criticising the Fed’s 2% inflation target, not its strategy for achieving its goal. Inflation targets do not call for making up for past mistakes, and central banks should try to do what they say they are trying to do. This also means that in an equal and opposite situation where the Fed must bring inflation down after an upward shock, it should loosen policy while inflation still exceeds 2%. It is easy to dismiss these points as academic, given that inflation has been below target for too long. At present, the biggest threat to central bank credibility is clearly on the downside. But when doves deny the logic of changing policy in advance of achieving the inflation target, they overreach. The data show plenty to be dovish about: doves should simply point that out and, if they want a price level target, say as much. 0 0 0 0 0 0",0
15323,"Jorge Ramos: America Is ‘Our Country, Not Theirs’—‘And We Are Not Going to Leave’","Univision senior anchor Jorge Ramos declared on Friday that the United States belongs to Latino migrants, emphatically stating to a   audience that “it is our country, not theirs. ”[Ramos took an unusual tack, pivoting from talk of diversity and togetherness into boasts of conquest. Mass immigration, particularly illegal immigration, was a fait accompli. There is nothing the U. S. can do about it, and they must accept that America is “not their” country and that illegal aliens, particularly Latinos, “are not going to leave,” he said.  “I am an immigrant, just like many of you,” Ramos said in Spanish, as translated by the Media Research Center. “I am a proud Latino immigrant here in the United States. My name is Jorge Ramos, and I work at Univision and at the Fusion network. ” “And you know exactly what is going on here in the United States. There are many people who do not want us to be here, and who want to create a wall in order to separate us,” he said. “But you know what? This is also our country. Let me repeat this: Our country, not theirs. It is our country. And we are not going to leave. We are nearly 60 million Latinos in the United States,” he continued. “And thanks to us, the United States eats, grows and, as we’ve seen today, sings and dances. ” “So when they attack us, we already know what we are going to do. We are not going to sit down. We will not shut up. And we will not leave. That is what we are going to do,” he added. Ramos gave his speech on Friday during Premios Lo Nuestro, or “Our Awards,” on Univision. Ramos, who immigrated to the U. S. from Mexico, frequently portrays American law as unjust and prejudiced and supports open borders. “The taboo issue of an open border should be tackled. Not now. Politically it is impossible even to discuss that. But I don’t see why we can’t have in North America the same immigration that they have within the European Union,” Ramos said to Time magazine in 2014. The U. S. should not enforce its immigration laws even after illegal aliens kill Americans, he said during a CNN interview in August 2015, because that would be “completely unfair” to the illegal population. In June of 2016, Ramos told a crowd of illegal aliens gathered in Houston, Texas, “I think you the DREAMers are the Rosa Parks of this time. ” And Ramos’ views are not fringe ones in Mexico: A 2013 poll found that 66 percent of Mexicans believe the U. S. government has no right to limit immigration, while 52 percent said Mexicans have a right to be in the United States. Another 88 percent said it is fine to enter the U. S. illegally if one needs money. Over half, 56 percent, said they had friends or family who tried to immigrate to the U. S. illegally.",0
15324,Trump Says His Favorite Book Is No Longer The Bible – His NEW Favorite Book Proves He’s A Narcissist,"By Jameson Parker Election 2016 , Politics November 2, 2016 Trump Says His Favorite Book Is No Longer The Bible – His NEW Favorite Book Proves He’s A Narcissist   
In August of 2015, while trying desperately to convince Evangelical Christians that he would be a better choice for president than the laundry list of other potential Republican candidates, Donald Trump made the outrageous claim that his favorite book was the Bible . He even placed his own book just behind it. “[The Art of the Deal] is my second favorite book of all time,” said Trump. “Do you know what my first is? The Bible! Nothing beats the Bible,” he added to applause. 
The feigned adoration for the Christian holy book was undone by the fact that Trump had quite literally never shown an interest in religion prior to that moment, couldn’t name a single New Testament passage when pressed, and years earlier once remarked that he didn’t believe adultery – one of the Ten Commandments – was a sin. 
Now that Trump is the nominee and Christian conservatives have stood by him despite his disgusting hate campaign and torrent of sexual assault allegations, he’s apparently feeling a bit more confident. He doesn’t need to fake it anymore. It was fun while it lasted! 
When asked by Extra ‘s A.J. Calloway what his favorite books were, Trump seemingly forgot that “nothing beats the Bible.” He put his own books back on top. When given a “rapid fire” quiz about his two favorite books, without hesitation Trump went with “The Art of the Deal” and “Surviving at the Top,” both of which were written by ghostwriters but with Trump getting a byline. 
It’s particularly interesting that Trump with “The Art of the Deal,” considering the man responsible for writing it has since disavowed Trump and now acts as his biggest critic . 
“I put lipstick on a pig,” he said. “I feel a deep sense of remorse that I contributed to presenting Trump in a way that brought him wider attention and made him more appealing than he is.” He went on, “I genuinely believe that if Trump wins and gets the nuclear codes there is an excellent possibility it will lead to the end of civilization.” 
As with every answer Trump gives off-the-cuff, this one is very revealing. Here is a man so caught up in worshiping himself that when asked what his favorite book is he can only think of the ones with his own name on the covers. It really does say everything about his personality. 
Watch Trump bumble his answer below: 
Featured image via Extra",0
15325,Britain’s Mainstream Media Blames ’Racism’ for Westminster Attack,"In their reporting and social media coverage, Britain’s Daily Telegraph has strongly implied Islamist Khalid Masood went on a killing spree in central London because he’d once been a victim of racism in the past. [‘First picture of Khalid Masood reveals how he went from   teenager to London attacker’  —   the Telegraph article, which seeks to make sense of the murder with the very little information about the individual presently available to the general public, relies heavily on details of a conviction of Masood dating back to 2003.  Reporting an incident where Muslim convert Masood stabbed a cafe owner in the face with a knife, the Telegraph reports: “Masood, may have eventually snapped because of racism in his village”. This is based upon Masood’s own account of why he attacked a neighbour in a picturesque East Sussex village, when he told Hove crown court that villagers had “ostracised” him. Why they’d do a thing, given his response, one can only imagine. While this was merely his claim in defence of a presumably disfiguring attack on a shopkeeper, the Telegraph‘s social media output amplifies the certainty of the claim by stating,   : “London attacker Khalid Masood snapped because of racism in his village”.  The implication of the article, that Masood’s life was normal until the early 2000s and was totally thrown off the rails by an argument with “racial overtones” in the village stores, is a nonsense, and doubly so given how little we actually know. By furthering this idea, the Telegraph are falling for the leftist   of Structuralism, that societal forces can push people into crime and this is something ‘victims’ of these forces have no control over. This logic denies individuals  —   like Masood  —   their agency by absolving them for personal responsibility for actions. It is so often the case that we are told that people from disadvantaged backgrounds are pushed into petty crime by bad schools, or that majority migrant neighbourhoods show a higher propensity to criminality purely because they are poor. The same logic is so often applied to terrorists  —   Islamist killers  —   because they have apparently experienced alienation and Islamophobia. This pushes responsibility for these despicable acts from the shoulders of killers onto those of normal Western folks who just aren’t caring and welcoming enough to   the kill instinct out of religious fanatics. These ideas deny the very real free will of all humans to do good or bad regardless of their upbringing and environment, but which is sadly sometimes turned to terrorism. So, who was really responsible for Wednesday’s attack? Khalid Masood, or the people of Northiam, East Sussex. The Telegraph seem to have made their minds up.  ",0
15327,Report: AI Predicts When Patients Will Die from Heart Failure - Breitbart,"British scientists have created an artificial intelligence program that can allegedly predict when a patient with heart problems will die. [The program, which was developed by the MRC London Institute of Medical Sciences (LMS) reportedly has an 80% accuracy rate, with researchers claiming that it could be vital in discovering how “aggressive” a patient’s treatment needs to be.  “The researchers’ programme assessed the outlook of 250 patients based on blood test results and MRI scans of their hearts,” explained the International Business Times. “It then used the data to create a virtual 3D heart of each patient which, combined with the health records of ‘hundreds’ of previous patients, allowed it to learn which characteristics indicated fatal heart failure within five years. ” “The LMS scientists claim that the software was able to accurately predict patients who would still be alive after a year around 80% of the time,” they continued. “The computer was able to analyse patients ‘in seconds’ promising to dramatically reduce the time it takes doctors to identify the most   individuals and ensure they ‘give the right treatment to the right patients, at the right time. ’” LMS lead researcher Dr. Declan O’Regan claimed it could “transform” the way patients are treated. “This is the first time computers have interpreted heart scans to accurately predict how long patients will live. It could transform the way doctors treat heart patients,” he proclaimed. “A doctor equipped with this new cardiac imaging approach would therefore be able to make more informed judgements about outcome than if they were relying only on current ways to investigate patient data. ” “We would like to develop the technology so it can be used in many heart conditions to complement how doctors interpret the results of medical tests,” added Tim Dawes, who who created the program’s algorithms. “The goal is to see if better predictions can guide treatment to help people to live longer. ” The researchers are now planning to test the program in London hospitals in an attempt to verify their results. Charlie Nash is a reporter for Breitbart Tech. You can follow him on Twitter @MrNashington or like his page at Facebook.",0
15328,"Second, Much Stronger Earthquake Shakes Central Italy","6 2050 0 9 After being hit by a 5.4 earthquake earlier on Wednesday, Italy has been struck by a second quake measuring magnitude 6.4. 
The quakes occurred in central Italy, near the city of Perugia and Visso, roughly 100 miles northwest of the capital of Rome. © AP Photo/ Sandro Perozzi A view of the damaged cemetery of Castelsantangelo sul Nera, Italy, Wednesday, Oct 26, 2016 following an earthquake. 
No injuries or fatalities are known at this time. 
A 6 magnitude earthquake struck the region in August , causing damage in the regions of Umbria, Lazio, and Marche and killing over 290 people. ...",0
15329,U.S. Faces Tall Hurdles in Detaining or Deterring Russian Hackers - The New York Times,"WASHINGTON  —   When a suspected Russian cybercriminal named Dmitry Ukrainsky was arrested in a Thai resort town last summer, the American authorities hoped they could whisk him back to New York for trial and put at least a temporary dent in Russia’s arsenal of computer hackers. But the Russian authorities moved quickly to persuade Thailand not to extradite him, saying that he should be prosecuted at home. American officials knew what that meant. If Mr. Ukrainsky got on a plane to Moscow, they concluded, he would soon be back at work in front of a computer. “The American authorities continue the unacceptable practice of ‘hunting’ for Russians all over the world, ignoring the norms of international laws and twisting other states’ arms,” the Russian Foreign Ministry said. The dispute over Mr. Ukrainsky, whose case remains in limbo, highlights the difficulties  —   and at times impossibilities  —   that the United States faces in combating Russian hackers, including those behind the recent attacks on the Democratic National Committee. That hack influenced the course, if not the outcome, of a presidential campaign and was the culmination of years of increasingly brazen digital assaults on American infrastructure. The United States has few options for responding to such hacks. Russia does not extradite its citizens and has shown that it will not easily be deterred through public shaming. At times, the American authorities have enlisted local police officials to arrest suspects when they leave Russia  —   for vacation in the Maldives, for example. But more often than not, the F. B. I. and Justice Department investigate and compile accusations and evidence against people who will almost certainly never stand trial. “You can indict 400 people. They don’t care,” said Robert E. Anderson Jr. who until last year served as the F. B. I. ’s most senior executive overseeing computer investigations. The American government divides the cybersecurity world into two categories: attacks directed or sponsored by governments, and those conducted by criminals. But Russian hacking defies easy categorization, American officials say, because the Russian government tacitly supports many private hackers and occasionally taps them for freelance government work. That has complicated investigations and upended the normal diplomatic order. In May 2009, for instance, Secret Service agents met in Moscow with their counterparts in the Russian Federal Security Service, known as the F. S. B. The Americans said they were investigating a hacker who had installed malicious code in the software that some American businesses used to process credit card transactions. The hacker was stealing millions of credit card numbers and selling them in an underground digital marketplace. The agents provided a name  —   Roman Seleznev  —   and the aliases he used online. His father was a member of the Russian Parliament. The Secret Service had followed his digital trail to Vladivostok, and they asked for help catching him. Within weeks, all evidence of Mr. Seleznev’s online identity vanished from the internet. Rather than advancing the case, the Russian government had set it back, the American authorities believed. Prosecutors described their blunt conclusion in court documents: “Further coordination with the Russian government would jeopardize efforts to prosecute this case. ” The American authorities were left to pursue Mr. Seleznev by themselves. The Russians are not always uncooperative. This week they deported Joshua Samuel Aaron, 32, who was wanted by the F. B. I. on charges of stealing hundreds of millions of dollars from Wall Street banks. But Mr. Aaron, who was arrested Wednesday at John F. Kennedy International Airport after arriving on a flight from Moscow, is an American, not a Russian. In another computer crime case, in 2014, the Justice Department shut down two global computer networks that had been used to steal millions of dollars. Called Operation Tovar, it involved intelligence agencies around the world. The target was    Evgeniy M. Bogachev. Safely in Russia, he watched as the F. B. I. made him a   fugitive and offered a $3 million reward for his capture. In that case the F. B. I. was actually able to identify the person sitting at the keyboard. More often, the authorities identify aliases or internet addresses but cannot prove who is behind them unless the hackers get sloppy. In the Seleznev case, for example, the authorities searched a Yahoo email account that was used to register some of the servers in the   scam. Agents found, among other things, receipts for flowers that Mr. Seleznev had sent to his wife. In the D. N. C. case and other   hacks, the authorities have concluded that people affiliated with the Russian government are to blame. But even if intelligence officials can identify who is behind those attacks, naming the actual perpetrators is even harder. One senior federal law enforcement official said this week that investigators still had many unanswered questions. If it can be done, naming and prosecuting the hackers would follow a path set in 2014, when the Justice Department indicted five members of the Chinese People’s Liberation Army on charges of hacking into American networks. The indictment links the men to specific email addresses and aliases, but does not reveal how the authorities made those connections. “The chance of us ever getting those Chinese guys is about zero,” said Mr. Anderson. “But it does show them that there’s a change afoot. At least the way we’re looking at it  . ” Criminal charges have more practical implications, too. “It’s about denying them the ability to travel freely and preventing them from spending their   gains anywhere but Russia,” said Leo Taddeo, the chief security officer at Cryptzone and the former top agent in the F. B. I. ’s New York computer operations division. “You’re confining them to a prison that spans 11 time zones that can be a pretty unpleasant place. ” In short, even hackers take vacations. In July 2013, the authorities captured a notorious Russian hacker named Aleksandr Andreevich Panin while he was in the Dominican Republic. Mr. Panin was sentenced to more than nine years of prison for selling malware that resulted in the theft of nearly $1 billion. “Cybercriminals be forewarned: you cannot hide in the shadows of the internet,” said Sally Q. Yates, who was the United States attorney in Georgia at the time and is now the deputy attorney general. “We will find you and bring you to justice. ” It was certainly true for Mr. Seleznev. After finding the flower receipt and making other connections, the American authorities made secret plans to capture him while he vacationed in the Maldives. Agents arrested him at the airport there in 2014 and hurried him onto a plane to the United States territory of Guam. After a trial in Seattle, he was convicted in August of 38 counts related to hacking in a scheme that prosecutors said cost businesses more than $169 million. The Russian government declared Mr. Seleznev’s arrest to be an unlawful “kidnapping. ” It has denied involvement in the D. N. C. hack and criticized the American government’s efforts to arrest Russian citizens traveling abroad. That is playing out now in Thailand with Mr. Ukrainsky, and in the Czech Republic with Yevgeniy Aleksandrovich Nikulin, 29, accused of hacking into LinkedIn and Dropbox. He was captured in October in a raid at a hotel in Prague, where he was vacationing with his girlfriend, the police said. The Russian response was swift: “We insist that the detained Russian citizen should be transferred to Russia. ” He remains in the Czech Republic.",0
15330,"Baltimore Man Sentenced to 4 Years, Owes $3.7 Million for Food Stamp Fraud - Breitbart","A Baltimore man was sentenced to four years behind bars for illegally trafficking food stamps. [U. S. District Judge Richard D. Bennett sentenced Mohammad Shafiq, 51, to four years in prison and three years of supervised release after his sentence ends, in addition to making him pay $3. 7 million in restitution, the Baltimore Sun reported.  Shafiq was the latest defendant to be sentenced in a series of prosecutions of 14 retailers in the Baltimore area. A federal grand jury indicted the retailers in August 2016 for food stamp and wire fraud. The 14 retailers stole a total of $16 million from the U. S. Department of Agriculture by illegally exchanging food stamps for cash, according to the indictment. Twelve out the 14 defendants pleaded guilty, and two were sentenced this week, according to the Sun. Multiple stores across the country have been cited for millions of dollars in food stamp fraud. Investigators found more than $20 million worth of food stamp fraud at retailers in Florida, and 140 stores in Chicago were cited for food stamp fraud.",0
15331,FBI PANIC! Hillary LIES In First Press Conference While A LEAKED PHOTO From Her Airplane Reveals The Truth,"Videos Hillary Clinton FBI PANIC! Hillary LIES In First Press Conference While A LEAKED PHOTO From Her Airplane Reveals The Truth 
0 comments Hillary is trying to present a strong front but the truth continues to emerge, in VIDEO and in PHOTOS! Hillary was traveling to Iowa when news broke of the FBI’s newly-reopened investigation of her email practices. Her plane sat on the tarmac for thirty minutes before she emerged, and, of course, the media was hungry for a statement. Last night, the press got their wish, as Hillary tried to appear strong in her first press conference following the bombshell news. Watch Hillary’s statement below: 
Mostly, Hillary is echoing her Campaign Manager, John Podesta, who is calling for the release of more information from the FBI. 
Right out of the gate, Hillary is already lying in an attempt to minimize the damage that this new investigation is causing. 
She clearly states in the video above that the FBI sent the investigation announcement to Republicans in Congress. As a former Senator, Hillary knows this to be untrue, and she is trying to paint the issue as a partisan attack. Fact check: Contrary to what Clinton said, Comey sent letter to both Republicans and Democrats on Capitol Hill. @benyc 
— ABC News Politics (@ABCPolitics) October 28, 2016 
Multiple media sources have reported that the FBI found new information while investigating the sexting scandal of former Congressman Anthony Weiner. Weiner is married to Hillary’s top aide, Huma Abedin. When asked about the reports, Hillary responded: 
“You know, we’ve heard these rumors. We don’t know what to believe and I’m sure there will be even more rumors that’s why it’s incumbent upon the FBI to tell us what they’re talking about because, right now, your guess is as good as mine and I don’t think that’s good enough.” 
Hillary is trying to appear defiant and in control. But, speaking of Huma Abedin, take a look at this leaked photo from inside of Hillary’s airplane after the news had broken: Image surfaces of Huma Abedin crying on plane as Clinton Campaign finds out the FBI has re-opened the email investigation. #HillarysEmails pic.twitter.com/2yIUgiYOsV 
We hate to see a lady crying, Huma, but when the company you keep includes Anthony Weiner, sometimes you have good reasons to cry. Perhaps Hillary’s Campaign is not so strong after all. Related Items",0
15332,Angus King: Russian Hacking ’The Most Serious Attack on the US Since September 11th’ - Breitbart,"On Thursday’s broadcast of MSNBC’s “Morning Joe,” Senator Angus King ( ) argued that Russian interference in the 2016 election is “the most serious attack on the United States since September 11th,” and that Attorney General Jeff Sessions “doesn’t seem very interested in it. ”  King said, “The other thing that was troubling though, that didn’t get as much publicity, I asked him [Sessions] did you ever get a briefing on the  —   what the Russians did? Did you seek a briefing? Did you ask about it? And he said, no, I only know what I read in the papers. This is the most serious attack on the United States since September 11th, and the chief law enforcement officer doesn’t seem very interested in it. ” (  Daily Caller) Follow Ian Hanchett on Twitter @IanHanchett",0
15333,Trump’s Policy Was Always to Get Mexico to Reimburse Us for the Border Wall - Breitbart,"When the Trump transition team told Congress that American taxpayers would finance the construction of the border wall with Mexico, with reimbursement to come later from the Mexican government, it was treated as a major policy retreat by the media. For example, here’s the CNN report:[The move would break a key campaign promise when Trump repeatedly said he would force Mexico to pay for the construction of the wall along the border, though in October, Trump suggested for the first time that Mexico would reimburse the US for the cost of the wall. Trump defended that proposal Friday morning in a tweet, saying the move to use congressional appropriations was because of speed. “The dishonest media does not report that any money spent on building the Great Wall (for sake of speed) will be paid back by Mexico later!” Trump tweeted Friday. “When you understand that Mexico’s economy is dependent upon U. S. consumers, Donald Trump has all the cards he needs to play. On the trade negotiation side, I don’t think it’s that difficult for Donald Trump to convince Mexico that it’s in their best interest to reimburse us for building the wall,” Rep. Chris Collins ( ) explained to CNN.  It’s a bit rich to see the media that staunchly defended Barack Obama doubling the U. S. national debt in a single presidency  —   the media that thinks quibbles about deficit spending only come from heartless grinches looking for an excuse to defund social programs so they can enjoy watching poor people die  —   suddenly become deeply concerned about Trump launching the border wall project before the last   pallet of cash has been delivered to the White House by the government of Mexico. Trump is, quite obviously, correct to note that if building the wall is an urgent project, waiting for the tricky business of securing Mexican financing to be completed first would result in an unacceptable delay. Unlike most of what Democrats routinely blow billions in taxpayer cash and imaginary deficit dollars on, the border wall is an actual bona fide duty of the federal government  —   a duty that was supposed to be fulfilled long ago. As the Associated Press observes, congressional Republicans believe no new legislation will be necessary to secure financing, because existing law “already authorizes fencing and other technology along the southern border. ” Trump’s proposals for making Mexico pay for the wall have never assumed the funds would be collected from them before the wall was built. For example, he wrote a memo to the Washington Post in April 2016 outlining how trade tariffs, visa cancellations, increased border crossing fees, and a ban on cash remittances from Mexicans living in the U. S. could be used to either compel the Mexican government to pay for the wall, or collect the necessary monies from them over time.  All of the methods Trump outlined in this memo would require time to work the most draconian measure he discussed, blocking the roughly $24 billion annually sent back to Mexico through remittances, would probably be the fastest. Trump said this would be a   for Mexico: “Make a   payment of $  billion to ensure that $24 billion continues to flow into their country year after year. ” He did not say improvements in border security had to wait until Mexico paid up. Point Number 1 on the “10 Point Plan to Put America First” on Trump’s campaign website reads as follows: “Begin working on an impenetrable physical wall on the southern border, on day one. Mexico will pay for the wall. ” (Emphasis mine.)  No clever parsing is needed to see that building the wall comes first, and must begin immediately, while collecting Mexico’s financial contribution comes later. (Remember how much liberals love to call taxes “contributions” when they’re talking about squeezing money out of Americans.) Trump’s   Plan to Put America First goes on to make the same points he included in his open letter to the Washington Post, including hard numbers about the cost of illegal immigration that make building the wall as much of a   for Washington as it is for the Mexican government. To reformulate the question Trump asked of Mexico: Doesn’t it make sense to save a healthy portion of the $300 billion annual cost of current immigration policy by spending $  billion one time, to build a wall, and then telling the Mexican government it can keep $24 billion a year in remittances flowing by reimbursing America for that $  billion? Trump has also taken pains to explain how constructing a solid border wall would directly benefit Mexico. “No one wins in either country when human smugglers and drug traffickers prey on innocent people,” he observed, after meeting with President Enrique Pena Nieto in Mexico City in August.  “We want to make sure the people of the United States are very well protected. You equally expressed your feelings and your love for Mexico,” he said to Nieto at the beginning of their joint press conference.  Trump is right, but only American leadership can get a project of this magnitude moving. The terms of the hemispherical conversation will change if America shows it’s finally serious and starts building those border improvements. Sitting around and waiting for other countries to take the lead, with occasional carping from the sidelines about how they’re on the “wrong side of history” when they drag their feet, was Obama’s style, not Trump’s. During a Fox News town hall in April, Trump steadfastly insisted Mexico would end up paying for the wall, but made it clear construction had to begin quickly. “They’ll pay, they’ll pay  —   in one form or another. They may even write us a check by the time they see what happens,” he said on the subject of financing, which could be taken as a prediction that either Mexico will knuckle under to pressure, or they’ll grow more enthusiastic about contributing when they see the wall is really happening. As for the construction timetable, Trump estimated about two years from start to completion, then added, “We’ll start quickly, we’ll start quickly. And it will be a real wall. ” Once again, he was clearly stating construction had to begin before the financial argument with Mexico was settled. Another financing plan floated during the presidential campaign is that money seized from Mexican cartels would help pay for the wall. That sort of collection will take time, and building the wall first will assist with the process, not to mention benefiting Mexico’s government by weakening the cartels. Again: wall first, money later. Mexico has already released its 2017 budget, and it pointedly did not include any money for the wall, but it came to about $234 billion altogether. There’s wall money in there, but it will take time to convince Mexico to allocate it, and then more time for their own executive and legislative organs to make the necessary budget changes. Delaying the breaking of ground until that process is fully complete would be the real betrayal of Trump’s campaign promises.  The last thing the American people want to hear from this new administration is the same old song about how border security must wait until a long list of other priorities are addressed first, because we all know how that story ends   …     or, more to the point, doesn’t end, ever. ",0
15334,Photos: Joy Villa Unveils Donald Trump Dress at Grammys - Breitbart,"Pop singer Joy Villa arrived Sunday at the 2017 Grammy Awards wearing a simple white outfit —   until she removed it on the red carpet, revealing a dress in the style of Donald Trump’s “Make America Great Again” presidential campaign posters. [Before she arrived at the Grammys, Villa shared a “sneak peek” of the decoy outfit, as well as a message that her “whole artistic platform is about LOVE!”   Sneak Peek  …    😱😝🎉💋#grammys2017 #grammys #joyvillagrammys #joyvilla #singerlife #singersongwriter #singer #style #grammysfashion #blessings #beautiful, A photo posted by Joy Villa (@joyvilla) on Feb 12, 2017 at 12:30pm PST,   💥My whole artistic platform is about LOVE! 🎶💕💋 I couldn’t be where I am today without the love and tenderness of those beautiful supporters and friends around me. Thank you ❤️ I hope you enjoy tonight’s @grammysawards2017 and remember to forget your problems and focus on your future! You are infinite and beautiful and no one can stop you but you. 💋So go out and celebrate yourself as a winner no matter what, together with those you adore! #happygrammysday #blessings #beautiful #love #grammys2017💝 #happyvalentinesday #celebration #style #postivevibes #love, A photo posted by Joy Villa (@joyvilla) on Feb 12, 2017 at 12:40pm PST,  However, love was the last thing on the minds of many leftists reacting to the young star’s fashion statement: . @Joy_Villa is just doing this for attention.  let’s give her some. screw you @Joy_Villa pic. twitter.   —   Jay Franzone (@JayFranzone) February 12, 2017,  @Joy_Villa you’re cancelled,  —   steven j. horowitz (@speriod) February 12, 2017,  Here’s the coon with the Trump dress. I’m truly outdone. @Joy_Villa,  —   . (@eIectricgold) February 12, 2017,  But  …     why, Joy Villa? #GRAMMYs pic. twitter.   —   TV Guide (@TVGuide) February 12, 2017,  Attention seeking @Joy_Villa is cancelled #GRAMMYs pic. twitter.   —   Karen Civil (@KarenCivil) February 12, 2017,  I think I speak for everyone when i say ”who the fuck is Joy Villa and why is she so thirsty?”  —   Damian Holbrook (@damianholbrook) February 12, 2017,  Uh oh, someone’s been at Joy Villa’s Wiki  …     pic. twitter.   —   Alex Hannaford (@AlHannaford) February 12, 2017,  Everyone please be aware that Joy Villa is the worst. pic. twitter.   —   Sammy Nickalls (@sammynickalls) February 12, 2017,  who the fuck is Joy Villa and why is she wearing that godawful Trump dress at the #Grammys??  —   Kevin Allred (@KevinAllred) February 12, 2017,  Villa has a modest entertainment résumé and social media following where she promotes herself as an actress,   and vegan bikini bodybuilder. In past years, the entertainment world has ranked her as one of the “Worst Dressed” at Grammys for skimpy and outlandish outfits. In a recent vlog, Villa shares how she overcomes much of the criticism she has received. She encourages aspiring performing artists to “tell the haters to eff off, because they have no say over your life  —   and as a performing artist, people are going to criticize you ’til you’re black and blue. ” ",0
15335,Hoekstra: Dems ’in Awkward Position’ over Comey Firing Trump Did What They Wanted Obama to Do,"Former Michigan Congressman and Chairman of the House Intelligence Committee, Pete Hoekstra, spoke with Breitbart News Daily SiriusXM host Raheem Kassam on Wednesday regarding Sally Yates’ testimony before the Senate and the Comey firing by President Trump. [Said Hoekstra on Trump firing Comey, Democrats “are now in a very awkward position. They have a President that they don’t like who did exactly what they wish their president, President Obama, had done months ago and that is fire James Comey. And now it’s kind of like, well, what are we supposed to do now? How are we supposed to react to this?”  Hoekstra continued to mock the Democrats, adding, “We don’t like anything that Donald Trump does. That’s our standard operating procedure and he’s now done exactly what we’ve been asking for for months. So, we have to now come up with a rationale why we don’t like this decision and why all of a sudden James Comey is our hero. ” Hoekstra also said he felt Comey had become a distraction for the FBI and a liability to its reputation and the firing was appropriate. He also said Obama would have fired Comey before Hillary Clinton took office had she won in November, allowing her to pick her own director. Breitbart News Daily airs on SiriusXM Patriot 125 weekdays from 6:00 a. m. to 9:00 a. m. Eastern. ",0
15336,Speaker Paul Ryan Ad Uses Donald Trump to Sell Healthcare Bill,"A new slick video released by Speaker Paul Ryan’s office features Donald Trump, as his team tries to refocus Republicans in favor of his effort to replace Obamacare. [The video features news anchors like Jake Tapper, Maria Bartiromo, and Wolf Blitzer reporting bad news about Obamacare in the last seven years. It also features Obamacare criticisms from former President Bill Clinton and Senate Majority Leader Chuck Schumer.  The video leads up to a dramatic climax, featuring words from none other than the president, Donald Trump. “Action on Obamacare is an urgent necessity,” Trump says as the the video fades to a slogan from Ryan’s office. “Now is the time,” the slogan reads, sending viewers to the Speaker’s website. Ryan continues to press for his Obamacare replacement bill, despite conservatives who have derided the effort as ‘Obamacare Lite’ or ‘Obamacare 2. 0.’",0
15337,Have the Dallas Police Improved? Depends on Whom You Ask - The New York Times,"DALLAS  —   When Andre Stubblefield leaves his dilapidated apartment complex in southern Dallas, he always carries his work gloves, vest and hard hat, even when he is not going to work. The police have stopped him regularly over the years, asking for identification  —   about four times in the last four months alone. So he carries his work attire to show that he is a working man, not a criminal. “I got to fake like I’m wearing my work stuff, so they won’t mess with me,” said Mr. Stubblefield, 30, who works in demolition. In the wake of last week’s sniper shooting that left five Dallas police officers dead, many people have lamented that it happened in this city, with a black police chief who even critics say has made inroads with the community and worked to steer his force away from its history of racism and abuse. Since Chief David O. Brown took over the department in 2010,   complaints have dropped 64 percent, and he has started   training and a successful community policing program. But for all the progress that the Dallas police have made, this remains one of the most segregated big cities in the country, with yawning racial gaps in housing, schools and employment. Decades of discriminatory federal, state and local policies have concentrated the city’s black population in deeply poor and underdeveloped neighborhoods south of Interstate 30, which serves as a line of demarcation between opportunity and neglect. While downtown Dallas is flush with glassy skyscrapers and   restaurants, large tracts of the city’s southern sector are empty and ragged. “People look at the Black Lives Matter movement as people protesting against police brutality,” said Terry Flowers, the executive director and headmaster of St. Philip’s School and Community Center in South Dallas. “I think it is much larger than that. People are protesting against a social engineering of inequity. In the broader community here, there is tension. You get pulled over by a police officer, there is automatic tension. ” So while the Dallas Police Department has gained national acclaim, the extent to which these reforms have changed how black residents view the police, and the extent to which they have altered the way the city’s most marginalized residents interact with the police, depend largely on whom you ask. A 2014 survey by the   Embrey Family Foundation found that while 67 percent of Dallas’s black residents believed that the city’s black men received “a lot” of discrimination, only 37 percent of white people thought the same. From his small brick home in a predominantly black,   part of Oak Cliff in southern Dallas, Yafeuh Balogun, 32, said that    complaints might be down in Dallas, but that police harassment of community members and police killings of unarmed citizens had not gone away under Chief Brown. That is why Mr. Balogun helped found the Huey P. Newton Gun Club in 2014. The group is named for the Black Panther who advocated armed   and its members go on patrols with rifles on their backs in an effort to watch the police and to reduce their presence by guarding their own neighborhoods against crime. The club was created after a Dallas police officer killed an unarmed black man in an Oak Cliff apartment complex and injured a child with a stray bullet. Chief Brown defended the officer, who was not disciplined. Perched at a computer in his home and wearing camouflage pants, Mr. Balogun said he and other activists had already fought for the release of data on use of force, petitioned City Hall to overhaul a   process that has failed to hold police officers accountable for fatal shootings, and protested what they perceived as police brutality. “We found out those actions were not enough,” Mr. Balogun said. So, they decided to pick up guns. Armed   he said, is a more    means of resisting police brutality. Mr. Balogun’s group is part of a constellation of militant black nationalist groups in Dallas, birthplace of the New Black Panther Party, born out of a legacy of police brutality stretching back at least 40 years. The most infamous case was the 1973 death of a    Latino boy, Santos Rodriguez, after an officer who believed he had stolen money from a vending machine killed the handcuffed child in a game of Russian roulette. The officer served just two and a half years. Members of the black nationalist groups sometimes find their way into   Connection, an Afrocentric store where the owner, Akwete Tyehimba, said she tried to direct their “energy to the more positive areas. ” Her store, which sells items like books, Bobo masks and Kuba cloths, promotes the “unification of African people around the world,” she said, and disavows violence. One young man who wandered into her store during a Malcolm X celebration in May was Micah Johnson, the sniper in last week’s fatal shootings, she said. Mr. Johnson showed no signs of militancy, she said. Instead, he was enamored of the store’s collection, as though “he was maybe coming into some level of   of his culture,” Ms. Tyehimba said. “He was very warm,” she added. “He said he had never seen anything like this before. ” Mr. Balogun met Mr. Johnson briefly in the months before the shooting. He said that Mr. Johnson did not mention his plan, but that the videos of officers killing Alton Sterling and Philando Castile and that frustration over the lack of police accountability had probably led to his killing rampage. Activists from the group Mothers Against Police Brutality were among the protesters on Thursday when Mr. Johnson began shooting. They said the crowd was protesting national events, but also homegrown police killings. Collette Flanagan, 53, helped found the group after the Dallas police killed her son, Clinton Allen, who was unarmed, in 2013. The officer who fired his weapon said that Mr. Allen had been choking him, and he was not charged criminally. Ms. Flanagan has not been impressed by Chief Brown’s supposed efforts at transparency. She pointed to an April department newsletter in which Chief Brown cited pressure from the Justice Department for police agencies to release    data as the reasoning behind the department’s publishing the information. “By doing it on our own terms, we can release this information in our own format, which allows us to tell our story,” he wrote. That has led to data that is not as transparent as it seems, activists argue. For example, Ms. Flanagan’s son is listed as an armed suspect in the police shootings data. His weapon? His hands. “Clinton wasn’t a martial arts expert or a professional boxer,” Ms. Flanagan said. “Yet all of their investigations find in favor of the officer. ” But from the small living room of a home in a tidy   subdivision of Oak Cliff, a few minutes’ drive from Mr. Balogun, the view of the police under Chief Brown looked decidedly different. With the smell of Sunday’s dinner  —   collard greens, pulled pork and baked mac and cheese  —   wafting from the kitchen, Carol Hampton and her group of friends discussed the positive impacts of Chief Brown’s reforms. “Community policing is working,” Ms. Hampton said. The friends, all of them black, had been appalled by the deaths of Mr. Sterling and Mr. Castile, but did not believe policing was a problem in Dallas anymore. “I don’t think we have those issues,” Kevin Walker, 48, said. “I think about harsh policing in Louisiana, and people getting stopped 20 times a month. I don’t hear about that kind of harassment here. ” Yet all five people in the living room who had sons said they would still give them “the talk” about how to react if stopped by the police. Hilari Younger, 35, the youngest adult there, was the only one among them who had attended the protest last week. “My neighborhood is very hostile to the police,” Ms. Younger said. “The police look for every little reason to stop you. ” Quaneque McCarver, 23, learned that the hard way. A couple of years ago, she said, the police mistook her for a prostitute and briefly cuffed her and made her sit on the ground while she was pregnant. Still, that has not changed her attitude toward the police in general, she said. “I wasn’t hurt,” she said. “They let me out of my handcuffs, and they let me go about my business. ” The police have also helped her in the past. So the shooting angers her, she said, because she believes it will only stoke tensions between the police and black communities. Mr. Stubblefield, too, was upset about the shooting, saying it would only worsen a bad situation for black men like himself. About three years ago, he said, he worked for a party rental company and set up a bouncy house for a children’s party in a predominantly white part of Dallas. As he used his phone to take video of the house for his boss to make sure they had set it up correctly, the police rolled up. Someone had complained, they said, that he was taking pictures of people without their permission. So they pulled him to the side and made him sit on the ground with his hands behind his back. “It made me feel like, that’s embarrassing,” he said. “Kids coming with their parents, looking, whispering. ”",0
15338,Cowherd: Curt Schilling’s Politics Keeping Him Out of Hall of Fame - This Is How Sports Media Loses ’Trust of the Public’ - Breitbart,"On Thursday, Fox Sports 1 “The Herd” host Colin Cowherd weighed in on the MLB Hall of Fame balloting, saying the sports media is keeping pitching great Curt Schilling off their ballots because of his outspokenness on social media regarding his politics.  “The political media’s trust is at an   low, and sports media I think continues to dip because of agendas,” Cowherd stated. “Curt Schilling is a borderline Hall of Famer. I’ve always said I would put him in simply because he elevated not one but two baseball cultures: the losing Red Sox who had a loser’s mentality and the irrelevant Arizona Diamondbacks. He led both to World Series titles, and I think he changed the culture. Curt Schilling, though, you can argue like a Mike Mussina, if he is not a Hall of Famer, he’s darn close. ” He continued, “Schilling has now gone on social media and become a little unhinged and has been, what I would say, a little inappropriate. There is nowhere a voter is asked to consider somebody’s   personality. In fact, the rules say voting shall be based upon the player’s record, playing ability, integrity, sportsmanship, character and contribution to the team on which the player played. It says nothing about once you retire. ” According to Cowherd, these agendas by the media only contribute to the public’s lack of trust. “This is how you lose the trust of the public  —   when you start voting on things you’re not asked to consider and you have an agenda,” he added. “I don’t like what Curt Schilling said about the media, but I know I’m not asked to consider it voting for the hall of fame. It never says, ‘Consider   integrity.’ It never says that. It says consider it on your team or plural teams. If you didn’t consider it with Jackie Robinson and Ty Cobb, don’t go political with Curt Schilling. ” Follow Trent Baker on Twitter @MagnifiTrent",0
15339,Mass Casualty Drill In S. Carolina-Is This the First False Flag?,"Previous Mass Casualty Drill In S. Carolina-Is This the First False Flag? 
With Hillary’s future in jeopardy, people are on edge for a possible false flag event. I was just telling a friend that so far today, we have been lucky. Well, I might have jumped to conclusions. Here is an email from a listener/viewer that I am highly concerned about. 
Our best exposure is the light of day. In that spirit, I present the following: 
Hey Dave. I was looking for some part time work yesterday when I came across an ad for role players in Orangeburg sc for a mass casualty drill. I called and will be participating Saturday . We meet Friday for more info. At that time we will be told what disaster be it a train spill w chemicals or dirty bomb or nuclear blast. ADEC is the company holding it. Bob Jones is facilitating. If you want me to get more details to you Friday I can. Keep up the good work. 
Need people for Role Players for National Guard Exercise. (Orangeburg) compensation: $100.00 per day employment type: contract Individuals acting as role players needed to participate in a training exercise with your local National Guard. Role players will be rescued, triaged and put through a decontamination process and other exciting tasks. With your help, we will make this exercise as realistic as possible. See what it feels like working next to your National Guard. Compensation will be $100 for the day. The date of the exercise will be November 5, 2016 in Orangeburg South Carolina. Requirements: Must be 18 years or older with a valid drivers license. We will be hiring 20 role players. Interested parties contact Bob Jones @ (770)841-8335 . Principals only. Recruiters, please don’t contact this job poster. do NOT contact us with unsolicited services or……",0
15340,"G.O.P., Once Unified Against Obama, Struggles for Consensus Under Trump - The New York Times","WASHINGTON  —   Whenever a major conservative plan in Washington has collapsed, blame has usually been fairly easy to pin on the Republican   who insist on purity over practicality. But as Republicans sifted through the detritus of their failed effort to replace the Affordable Care Act, they were finding fault almost everywhere they looked. President Trump, posting on Twitter on Sunday, saw multiple culprits, including the renegade group of   conservatives in the House Freedom Caucus and outside groups like the Club for Growth. Those groups, which do not always work placidly together, had aligned against the president and Speaker Paul D. Ryan, the ultimate symbol of their dismay with the entrenched ways of the capital. At the same time, some saw the president as pointing a finger at Mr. Ryan when Mr. Trump urged his Twitter followers on Saturday to tune in to a Fox News host, Jeanine Pirro, who went on to call for Mr. Ryan’s resignation. For eight years, those divisions were often masked by Republicans’ shared antipathy toward President Barack Obama. Now, as the party struggles to adjust to the   political order, it is facing a nagging question: How do you hold together when the man who unified you in opposition is no longer around? Mr. Obama provided conservatives with not just a health law to loathe and a veto pen to blame, but also a visage that allowed their opposition to be more palpable. “With Obama no longer being there, the emotional element of the opposition is drained away,” said Rich Lowry, the editor of the conservative National Review. Republicans also have to contend with an outsider president who never had much of an affinity or loyalty for their party, and who, as a novice politician, has not built the relationships in Washington that are usually needed to get big deals done. “There’s this disjunction,” Mr. Lowry added. “He doesn’t have a congressional party. He doesn’t even really have a wing of a congressional party. ” In the health care fight, it was not just the far right, egged on by   outside groups, that split from the Republican leadership. There were dissenters among the more     conservative lawmakers, those representing suburban communities outside Philadelphia and Washington and rural states like Louisiana. Even party leaders like Representative Rodney Frelinghuysen of New Jersey, the powerful chairman of the House Appropriations Committee, opposed the bill. Interest groups on the right were also divided, with natural allies like Americans for Tax Reform, the   outfit, and Americans for Prosperity, a   group backed by the Koch brothers, on opposing sides. While Republicans often said they would deliver freedom and good fortune if given their turn at the wheel, they are now jolted by the realization that their struggles to reach a consensus have thrown into doubt whether they can reach deals on other priorities like a tax overhaul, infrastructure, trade and immigration. “It is a challenge for the modern Republican Party and the Trump administration to figure out how to get to 218 on a regular basis,” said Grover Norquist, the president of Americans for Tax Reform, who supported the Republican health care bill that failed last week. Generally, 218 is the number of votes needed to pass legislation in the House. Mr. Norquist said the desire for sweeping change had distorted some conservatives’ perceptions about what could be achieved and how quickly. “They want to change the rules,” he added. “But until you actually change the rules, they’re there, and you have to live by them. ” In a sign of just how deeply this episode has shaken the conservative faction of the party, one of the Freedom Caucus’s members resigned in protest on Sunday, saying he no longer believed the group was effective. “Saying no is easy, leading is hard, but that is what we were elected to do,” said the lawmaker, Representative Ted Poe of Texas. What makes progress on any issue so complicated is the fundamental clash between the belief systems of Mr. Trump, whose instincts are more populist than conservative, and Republican leaders in Congress, who are more oriented toward a     policy vision. “Trump, whatever else he is, was able to see that what was being offered to Republicans was not really what they wanted,” said David Frum, the conservative writer and a former speechwriter for President George W. Bush. “They wanted more health care for themselves, less immigration and no more Bushes. And what they were offered was no more health care, more immigration and a third Bush. ” The Trump administration wants to focus next on a tax overhaul. And on that Mr. Trump will probably find agreement with the Republicans in Congress. But crafting a plan that pleases most conservatives will not be simple. They remain split on some crucial details, like taxing imports. Some in the party, like Mr. Ryan, have favored such a plan, while others, like the   political advocacy groups, argue that it could set off trade wars and drive up manufacturing costs. Speaking to the dismay among many on the right after the health care fight, Ann Coulter, the writer and pundit, attacked Mr. Ryan for pursuing “standard G. O. P. corporatist stuff. ” “What made Donald Trump stand apart from the crowd, and apart from the crowd from every presidential candidate for 20 years,” she said on Fox’s “Tucker Carlson Tonight,” “was immigration, trade, infrastructure, building a wall. Obviously, that was very, very popular. ” As for Mr. Trump’s Twitter post on Saturday, a White House official said that it and Ms. Pirro’s attack on Mr. Ryan were a coincidence, but the president has been pressed by some advisers to consider Mr. Ryan’s role in the health care defeat. How Republicans resolve issues of debt and deficit spending also loom as tripwires to the kind of legislative progress Mr. Trump craves  —   especially after a rocky start to his presidency. These issues, which Mr. Ryan and many other Republicans have been waiting eagerly to tackle since they took power, are not especially important to Mr. Trump, who is more focused on the kinds of projects that are natural to him as a developer, like infrastructure. And esoteric debates over deficit spending will not matter nearly as much to voters as how their personal finances look. “When he goes back to Rochester in a   campaign, he can’t talk about what’s changed in the deficit  —   no one will care,” said Frank Cannon, a longtime conservative activist. “But if he can talk about labor rate participation, jobs, jobs that are paying more, that’s what he’ll be judged on. And that’s what Republicans are going to live and die by in the next election cycles as long as he’s president of the United States. ”",0
15341,California Lieutenant Governor Wants to Fight Job-Replacing Robots - Breitbart,"Lieutenant Governor of California and former San Francisco Mayor Gavin Newsom wants to fight the technology that’s replacing human jobs around America, according to The Guardian. [At a commencement ceremony for students of Computer Science, Newsom warned an audience that the “plumbing of the world is radically changing. ”  “The tech industry that would make them rich, Newsom declared, was also rendering millions of other people’s jobs obsolete and fueling enormous disparities in wealth,” reported The Guardian. “‘Your job is to exercise your moral authority,’ he said. ‘It is to do the kinds of things in life that can’t be downloaded.’ “That is not the kind of message computer engineers tend to hear. But Newsom, who has been waiting in the wings as California’s lieutenant governor for the past seven years, has put the consequences of automation at the center of his campaign,” they continued. During an interview with The Guardian following his speech, Newsom called the increasing dependency on technology “code red, a firehose, a tsunami that’s coming our way. ” “We’re going to get rolled over unless we get ahead of this,” he declared. Newsom, however, considers some of the top technology leaders as friends, including Mark Zuckerberg and Elon Musk. “I’ve grown up in and around this world. I could tell you 10 founders who I did their weddings, quite literally married them,” he claimed. “Very, very close a number of them are godparents to my kids. ” He is also “not opposed” to the popular Silicon Valley policy of a universal income. “I’m struggling to figure it out,” Newsom proclaimed during his interview. “So I don’t have the damn answer. ” Charlie Nash is a reporter for Breitbart Tech. You can follow him on Twitter @MrNashington or like his page at Facebook.",0
15342,Steven Seagal receives Russian citizenship on Putin’s personal decision,"Steven Seagal receives Russian citizenship on Putin’s personal decision   AP photo Steven Seagal, a US actor, has received Russian citizenship. The decision has been made by Russian President Vladimir Putin . Previously, Seagal himself admitted such a possibility. The decree about the decision to grant Russian citizenship to US actor Steven Seagal has been published on the official website of the Kremlin. ""To bestow citizenship of the Russian Federation to Seagal Steven Frederick, born on 10 April 1952 in the United States of America,"" the decree reads. The decision was made in accordance with Article 89 of the Russian Constitution. In mid-September, Seagal admitted that could obtain Russian citizenship. ""I think Russian citizenship is somewhere on the horizon,"" he said. Seagal said that he would like to spend a few months a year in Russia with his friends - ""with the people who love me and wait for me here,"" the actor said. In 2014, Steven Seagal said in an interview with the Rossiyskaya Gazeta that there was no restriction in the United States for holding foreign citizenship. He also said that he did not intend to renounce his US citizenship."" ""I am an American and I love my country,"" the actor added. In early January, Steven Seagal became a citizen of Serbia . Steven Seagal is a frequent guest in Russia. In 2014, he came to attend an armory show in the town of Zhukovsky. In 2014, a promotional contract was announced, in which Steven Seagal was supposed to advertise products of Kalashnikov Concern. Later, a company spokesman told the Izvestia that the contract did not materialize. Pravda.Ru Steven Seagal to ask for Russian citizenship",0
15343,Surge of Migrants Illegally Crossing U.S.-Mexico Border Ahead of Election,"Surge of Migrants Illegally Crossing U.S.-Mexico Border Ahead of Election Manuel Bojorquez, CBS News, October 25, 2016 
Every day, dozens of men, women and children stream through the streets of McAllen, Texas to a migrant center at Sacred Heart Catholic Church. 
They have just illegally crossed into the U.S. and have been released by border patrol, with ankle monitors, while they file for asylum. 
{snip} 
“We’re getting mass spikes of people crossing and turning themselves in,” said Agent Chris Cabrera, who is with the local border patrol union. 
Cabrera said on some days, they’ve encountered up to a thousand immigrants along this stretch of the border. He said the election is partly to blame for the surge. 
“The smugglers are telling them if Hillary gets elected, that there’ll be some sort of amnesty, that they need to get here by a certain date. They’re also being told that if Trump gets elected, there’s going to be some magical wall that pops up overnight and once that wall gets up, nobody will ever get in again,” Cabrera said. 
{snip}",0
15344,"Benjamin Gilman, a New York Congressman for 30 Years, Dies at 94 - The New York Times","Benjamin A. Gilman, a New York congressman for 30 years and a leading Republican critic of the Clinton administration’s foreign policy initiatives, died on Saturday in Wappingers Falls, N. Y. He was 94. His death, at a Department of Veterans Affairs hospital, was confirmed by his wife, Georgia Gilman, who said he had been hospitalized for more than three years after hip surgery. First elected to the House of Representatives in 1972, Mr. Gilman was a moderate Republican who focused on foreign affairs throughout most of his years in Washington. From 1995 to 2000, he was chairman of the International Relations Committee, as the House Foreign Affairs Committee was then known. He was named to lead the panel after the Republicans won control of the House in 1994. Mr. Gilman accused President Bill Clinton of favoring Russia over other former Soviet republics, and said the president was indecisive on issues involving Bosnia, Haiti and Somalia. “Instead of a strong, steady signal on foreign policy coming from the nation’s capital, regrettably the world has heard a series of wavering notes sounded by an uncertain trumpet, leaving our allies concerned and our adversaries confused,” he said in one assessment. Believing that Mr. Clinton was not shaping a sufficiently tough policy on North Korea’s development of nuclear weapons, Mr. Gilman introduced legislation to prevent the president from lifting economic sanctions against that country until it made major concessions on freezing its nuclear weapons program and halting missile tests. He also contended that the Clinton administration had a “lethargic approach” toward helping Iraqis who wanted to overthrow President Saddam Hussein. A staunch supporter of Israel, Mr. Gilman accused the administration of bullying Israel into accepting unfavorable terms in talks with the Palestinians. A week after making that accusation, in May 1998, Mr. Gilman spoke to the Israeli prime minister, Benjamin Netanyahu, at a luncheon at the Capitol. “We want you to know that you’re not only among friends, but among mishpocheh,” said Mr. Gilman, who was Jewish, using the Yiddish word for family. Although reflecting conservative Republican positions on many foreign policy issues, Mr. Gilman eschewed the firebrand tones of some of his party colleagues. He also departed from most congressional conservatives on issues like abortion rights and the environment, and was seen by many as a moderate in the tradition of Nelson A. Rockefeller. The Westchester Coalition for Legal Abortion endorsed both him and his unsuccessful 1996 Democratic challenger, Yash P. Aggarwal, citing their equally strong abortion rights positions. The League of Conservation Voters listed Mr. Gilman among House members who supported measures to protect the environment. Mr. Gilman also focused on legislation to combat illegal drugs. In 1986, he and a colleague introduced a measure to provide $230 million for state and local police departments to set up   divisions. Mr. Gilman expressed anger when the Reagan administration released budget plans that sharply cut funding for such efforts. Earlier in his congressional career, Mr. Gilman helped to negotiate the releases of several Americans imprisoned abroad. As a result of one such negotiation, an American who had tried to smuggle some East Germans out of their country was released in 1978 by East Germany, and an Israeli was freed by Mozambique, which was then a Soviet ally, in exchange for the release of a convicted Soviet spy imprisoned in the United States. Mr. Gilman and the Israelis involved in the trade used code names while communicating by cable Mr. Gilman was called “Uncle Ben. ” In 1980, Mr. Gilman led an informal House committee that successfully negotiated with a Cuban diplomat for the release of 30 Americans imprisoned in Cuba. He left Congress in 2002 after the redistricting that followed the 2000 census consolidated his district and that of a fellow Republican, Sue W. Kelly. Mr. Gilman was seen as the underdog in a primary race between them, and he decided not to run again. He had won all of his previous elections. His district in the 1970s included Rockland and Orange Counties and some of Ulster County, and his later districts comprised Rockland and parts of Orange, Sullivan and Westchester Counties. Benjamin Arthur Gilman was born in Poughkeepsie, N. Y. on Dec. 6, 1922. He served in the Army Air Corps in World War II, flying 35 missions over Japan and earning a Distinguished Flying Cross. After the war, he graduated from the Wharton School of the University of Pennsylvania and from New York Law School. He was an assistant New York State attorney general in the 1950s, then a lawyer in private practice. He was a New York assemblyman from 1966 to 1972. In addition to his wife, he is survived by two sons, Jonathan and Harrison a daughter, Susan a stepdaughter, Nicole Pappas a stepson, Peter Tingus and 11 grandchildren. A son, David, and a daughter, Ellen, died before him. Two previous marriages ended in divorce. After leaving Congress, Mr. Gilman founded the Gilman Group, a lobbying and consulting business in Washington specializing in international matters. In 2003 and 2004, he was the United States representative to the 58th session of the United Nations General Assembly.",0
15345,‘COLOR REV’ AGIT PROP: George Soros MoveOn Agitators March on America – as Billionaire Instigator Sued,"November 11, 2016 By Shawn Helton Leave a Comment 
Shawn Helton 21st Century Wire 
Anti-Trump street protests linked to the Soros’ funded organization MoveOn.org have cascaded across the nation for the third day following the 2016 presidential election result. 
Mainstream media outlets like CNN and MSNBC have given the protests around-the-clock media coverage, drowning out all other news stories, including a successful transition meeting between the President Elect and President Barack Obama. 
‘OUTSIDER VS. INSIDER’– Manufactured social unrest incited after announcement of Trump presidency. (Photo Illustration 21WIRE’s Shawn Helton) 
The Free Thought Project weighed in on the new developments concerning a series of centrally coordinated anti-Trump protests organized in part by by the George Soros NGO MoveOn: 
“Washington, D.C. – Billionaire globalist financier George Soros’ MoveOn.org has been revealed to be a driving force behind the organizing of nationwide protests against the election of Donald Trump — exposing the protests to largely be an organized, top-down operation — and not an organic movement of concerned Americans taking to the streets as reported by the mainstream media. 
Wednesday saw protests in the streets of at least 10 major U.S. cities. Chicago, New York, Los Angeles, Philadelphia, Boston, Washington, D.C., Portland, Ore., St. Paul, Minn., Seattle , and several other cities saw protests, according to USA Today. 
In light of the protests and rioting that have transpired since the election of Trump, a closer analysis of the dynamic at play is warranted to gauge whether it’s an organic grassroots movement, or something much more organized, sophisticated and potentially dangerous.” 
Soros’ affiliated organization MoveOn.org released the following press release yesterday afternoon: 
“Americans to Come Together in Hundreds Peaceful Gatherings of Solidarity, Resistance, and Resolve Following Election Results 
Hundreds of Americans, dozens of organizations to gather peacefully outside the White House and in cities and towns nationwide to take a continued stand against misogyny, racism, Islamophobia, and xenophobia. 
Tonight, thousands of Americans will come together at hundreds of peaceful gatherings in cities and towns across the nation, including outside the White House, following the results of Tuesday’s presidential election. 
The gatherings – organized by MoveOn.org and allies – will affirm a continued rejection of Donald Trump’s bigotry, xenophobia, Islamophobia, and misogyny and demonstrate our resolve to fight together for the America we still believe is possible. 
Within two hours of the call-to-action, MoveOn members had created more than 200 gatherings nationwide, with the number continuing to grow on Wednesday afternoon.” 
Soros Agit-Prop Empire 
Last year during the ongoing European migrant crisis, startling claims were levied by Hungarian PM Victor Orban (left photo), concerning the role played by Soros. 
PM Orban contended that the founder and chair of Open Society Foundations (Open Society Institute), was entrenched in a “ circle of activists,” that “inadvertently become part of this international human-smuggling network.” 
The stunning declaration by Orban recalled the misguided machinations of ‘The Occupy Movement’ ( aka OWS) in 2011, as well as the Soros funded protests in Ferguson, Missouri in 2014, along with other Black Lives Matter protests this past year – all of which were uniquely designed to push naive participants (along with paid provocateurs) into violent action and social unrest. 
Back in January, MoveOn publicly endorsed the Bernie Sanders campaign in what appeared to be a call to action for BLM associated groups seen backing Sanders. It’s worth mentioning, that MoveOn also supported the Obama campaign in 2008 and according to the website, Sanders was the only other candidate to reach the “threshold for an endorsement.” 
As we said back in March, professional political agitator flash mobs, had been mobilized at future Trump campaign events, making it very difficult to run a normal campaign – as ‘activists’ attempted to take away Trump’s ‘strength in numbers’ at his rallies. This was confirmed at events in both Ohio, and at a Trump primary campaign event the University of Illinois Chicago earlier this year, where hundreds of BLM activists and Sanders supporters, triggered voilent clashes inside the venue and even stormed the stage , shortly after Trump started speaking, then again at Reno he was birddogged just prior to his election forcing secret service to escort Trump away. 
In a Politico article in early 2016 entitled “ Major donors consider funding Black Lives Matter ,” we gained deeper insight into the political funding for BLM and the Soros linked Democratic Alliance: 
“Major donors are usually not as radical or confrontational as activists most in touch with the pain of oppression,” said Steve Phillips, a Democracy Alliance member and significant contributor to Democratic candidates and causes. He donated to a St. Louis nonprofit group called the Organization for Black Struggle that helped organize 2014 Black Lives Matter-related protests in Ferguson, Missouri, over the police killing of a black teenager named Michael Brown. And Phillips and his wife, Democracy Alliance board member Susan Sandler, are in discussions about funding other groups involved in the movement.” 
It worth noting how Soros, a long time contributor to Hillary Clinton, donated $2 million in PAC money in 2015 and January of 2016, Soros reportedly gave $8 million to “boost” Clinton’s campaign . Soros also recently funded $15 million to Latino groups looking to stop Trump’s rise towards a potential GOP nomination and beyond. 
Look for these political engineers to pit choreographed conservative and liberal groups against each other across the country – as all of these hostile uprisings are designer engineered by party linked alliances. 
‘SOCIAL ENGINEERING’– Political memes and staged political flash mobs have been sparked by media, NGO’s and social media. (Image Source: abc news ) 
During the last month, it was revealed how investigative non-profit Project Veritas found evidence that the DNC paid participants to incite violence at Trump rallies during the course of the 2016 election. 
If those reports are accurate – reports which have gone unchallenged so far – this would be in violation of both election bylaws and also US criminal law. 
PAID PROTEST?’– Social justice warriors incite anti-Trump violence across the US. (Image Source: youtube ) 
USA Color Revolutions 
Both the purpose of these types of agitation activities seems to be to first cause a public disruption, and also to foment are a form of modern class warfare. These political protests are designed in such a way as to disguise its true intentions. Ultimately, a radical globalist and cultural marxist “progressive” agenda is at play – eroding the legitimacy of a democratically elected government through a series of artificial ‘color’ upheavals, and where possible – weakening a country’s national sovereignty through forced dependency on multilateral globalist institutions like the UN or IMF, while presenting shock and awe imagery in order to manipulate the public’s political perspective. 
This is how the US and its CIA conduct their destablization ‘color revolution’ campaigns overseas , and now astute observers will be able to see these exact same methods being deployed here inside the US. 
Overseas, Washington tends to use the same cast of NGO fronts to build-up pro-US political opposition groups, as well as plan and generate civil unrest. They include the Albert Einstein Institute (AEI), National Endowment for Democracy (NED), International Republican Institute (IRI), National Democratic Institute (NDI), Freedom House and later the International Center for Non-Violent Conflict (ICNC), and the US Agency for International Development (USAID), the financial and contractor arm of the Department of State. 
Inside the US, deep state actors in Washington generally work through Democratic Party affiliated organizations like MoveOn.org , as well as through labor union organizations like AFL-CIO , and UNITE HERE . These, along with many other similar organizations have been involved in organizing this week’s protests. 
It still remains to be seen if Trump’s stated dynamic political vision for America can unite an embattled nation by restoring international relations throughout the world, in addition to helping economic woes at home, or will it simply push the country further into authoritarianism. This remains to be seen. 
Certainly, judging by President Obama and Hillary Clinton’s total silence over their own party’s role in fomenting this week’s unrest – one can only conclude that both party leaders approve of the protests and riots. The political motivation is undeniable – to help delegitimize a new Trump presidency. 
But one thing is for sure – there’s no doubt now that a systematic design is in place to unsettle the 45th president and the public should question why. 
Legal Action Against Soros Groups 
In a recent report featured at RT news we learn that George Soros and BLM activists will be sued for the deaths of slain police officers in Dallas and Baton Rouge: “The father of the Dallas police officer who was killed by a lone gunman during a Black Lives Matter protest is suing the organization’s activists and George Soros for $550 million . In a separate suit a Baton Rouge police officer is suing for injuries sustained during a BLM protest. 
The father of Patrick Zamarripa filed a lawsuit against Black Lives Matter and other groups for allegedly “inciting a war on police” that led to the death of his son. 
The lawsuit filed in US District Court in Dallas on Monday seeks $550 million in damages. 
“While Defendant Black Lives Matter claims to combat anti-black racism,” the lawsuit said, according to the Fort Worth Star Telegram, “the movement has in fact incited and committed further violence, severe bodily injury and death against police officers of all races and ethnicities, Jews, and Caucasians. Defendant Black Lives Matter is in fact a violent and revolutionary criminal gang.” 
The misguided machinations behind the anti-Trump protests have dominated any peaceful transition into power for the president-elect. Will these protest groups be a reboot of the OWS movement, occupying the masses with their own hateful rhetoric as we move into 2017 and beyond? 
More from the Duran below… 
‘NEO BLACK BLOC?’– Black bloc provocateurs, have violently escalated protest movements since the 1980’s, all the way through 2011’s Occupy Wall Street Movement and beyond. The riotous scene above is from the anti-trump protests in Portland. (Image Source: willamette week ) 
George Soros begins his color revolution in America, as MoveOn “activists” march against Trump 
By Alex Christoforou The Duran 
Anti-Trump protesters march through the streets of New York shouting ‘Not my president’. 
MoveOn.org is a George Soros NGO…and George Soros NGOs have nothing to do with charity or justice, and everything to do with political leverage, and in extreme cases government insurrection. 
We have seen Soros begin destructive movements to remove those he deems unsuitable to govern in a variety of countries, most recently in Ukraine, with the Soros sponsored Maidan coup. 
Now it looks like Soros may be setting his sights on sabotaging the forthcoming Trump presidency. 
We do know, thanks to Wikileaks, that George Soros was a huge supporter of Hillary Clinton, as Hillary Clinton was always looking out of George Soros’ best interests. 
We are certain Trump’s victory is a bitter pill for globalist Soros to swallow. Between Putin and Trump, Soros may finally be starting to feel his power on the world stage falter. 
More from Duran here … 
READ MORE ELECTION NEWS AT: 21st Century Wire 2016 Files 
SUPPORT 21WIRE – SUBSCRIBE & BECOME A MEMBER @21WIRE.TV",0
15346,"SXSW Focuses on Anti-Trump Rhetoric, Links Rise of A.I. with ’Fascism’ - Breitbart","This year’s SXSW festival is taking on President Trump, according to The Hill, which reported that the proceedings largely focused on negative rhetoric against the president. [“The centerpiece of the panel discussions is a series titled ‘Tech Under Trump,’” reported The Hill on Saturday, adding that the panel discussions “aren’t pulling any punches. ”  “NPR reporter Sam Sanders is hosting an event titled the ‘2016 Election: How We Got it Wrong! ,’ reflecting on his experiences covering the 2016 presidential race,” they continued. “Another discussion titled ‘Building Bridges When Others Want to Build Walls,’ is intended to highlight the uncertainty facing immigrants. One panel is discussing ‘From Trump to Trolls: How Muslim Media Fights Back. ’” “Some of the panels aren’t   but do highlight the tech industry’s policy priorities, including a discussion titled ‘Can You Hear Me Now? The Rural Broadband Debate,’ featuring Rep. Vicente González ( ) and Information Technology Industry Council President Dean Garfield,” The Hill concluded. “Even the festival’s art and music events are taking on a stronger political tone than in years past. One music showcase is titled ‘Contrabanned,’ and will feature acts from countries including Libya and Somalia, whose citizens are banned from entering the U. S. under Trump’s travel executive order. ” “I’ve never seen in my lifetime an atmosphere of fear as I’ve seen now,” said Sen. Cory Booker at the festival. “I feel a sense of pain about my country right now. “[Trump] isn’t backing away from his rhetoric. But if we don’t engage, we are the source of the problem, not the elected person we don’t like,” he added. In a SXSW session titled “Dark Days: AI and the Rise of Fascism,” Microsoft’s Kate Crawford even attempted to compare the rise of artificial intelligence with fascism. “Just as we are seeing a step function increase in the spread of AI, something else is happening: the rise of   rightwing authoritarianism and fascism,” Crawford declared. “We should always be suspicious when machine learning systems are described as free from bias if it’s been trained on   data. Our biases are built into that training data. ” SXSW’s chief programming officer Hugh Forrest praised the political slant on this year’s festival. “There is definitely a degree of politics or political focus that may not have been there in previous years,” said Forrest. “We hope people walk away with a little better understanding of issues and the players driving the issues. ” Forrest, who voted for Democratic presidential candidate Hillary Clinton, previously claimed to be “grieving” following President Trump’s victory in November. He also claimed to be excited about SXSW’s “role” in “paving a more progressive path to the future. ” Charlie Nash is a reporter for Breitbart Tech. You can follow him on Twitter @MrNashington or like his page at Facebook.",0
15347,Astronomers Think They Have Just Discovered Messages Sent From Aliens,"posted by Eddie Anomalous signals from deep space often evoke a quick pulse of gossip and speculation about aliens that dies off soon thereafter, when scientists are able to explain it. Usually, the explanation involves a natural cosmic process — an asteroid, space detritus, or frequencies from an exploded star. Sometimes, however, the signals are too mysterious to explain. There’s a reason why you may have seen a sustained social media buzz regarding aliens this past week. A few days ago, two scientists from Laval University in Quebec released a paper arguing they may have just received our first communication from extraterrestrials. First, a bit of context. This has been an exciting decade for those of us who stargaze in awe, wondering how many sentient beings live in this incomprehensibly enormous universe of ours. First, the search for exoplanets accelerated dramatically, aided by the Keplar telescope, which has identified over 1,000 planets outside of our solar system. While scientists have long known that our Milky Way galaxy alone probably contains several hundred billion planets , the ability to study them had eluded us until fairly recently (this ability will be exponentially augmented when the James Webb telescope allows us to analyze exoplanets’ atmospheres and search for traces of industrial gasses). Additionally, the discovery of Earth-like exoplanets — some of which are conceivably close enough to visit in a few decades — has tantalizing ramifications for our near future human race. Earlier this year, scientists announced the incredible observation of a series of inexplicable brightness frequencies from the star KIC 8462852, which led many to speculate the signals could have been originating from a Dyson sphere , a theoretical megastructure by which an advanced alien race (a Kardschez type 2 civilization ) could harness the power of its sun. The newest discovery from this star has made it even more unlikely that the signals are from natural causes. The newest strange signals hail from a gaggle of some 234 stars identified by the Sloan Digital Sky Survey, which analyzed the spectra of 2.5 million stars. E.F. Borra and E. Trottier, the two astronomers who discovered the anomalies, discussed them in their paper , which was originally titled “Signals probably from Extraterrestrial Intelligence.” “We find that the detected signals have exactly the shape of an [extraterrestrial intelligence] signal predicted in the previous publication and are therefore in agreement with this hypothesis,” they wrote. “The fact that they are only found in a very small fraction of stars within a narrow spectral range centered near the spectral type of the sun is also in agreement with the ETI hypothesis.” Of course, it is far from certain that these are actual alien messages. In an interview with none other than Snopes.com , Borra claimed he never actually used the word ‘probably’ and that further confirmation was needed. The director of the SETI (Search for Extraterrestrial Intelligence) Institute , Andrew Siemion, issued an admonishing response: “You can’t make such definitive statements about detections unless you’ve exhausted every possible means of follow-up.” So why is everyone so excited? The discovery appears to match a prediction Borra made in 2012 when he claimed aliens could very well use intermittent bursts of laser as a means of communication. For his part, Siemion plans to use his Breakthrough Listen Initiative to more closely assess several stars from the 234 sample. Meanwhile, Borra andTrottier, Borra’s graduate student, will continue observing the mysterious signals. It’s an exciting decade for space research. With plans for a mission to Mars in the hopper, as well as an exploratory probe that will be sent to the moon Europa, we may be witnessing the rebirth of the Space Race. What better incentive could there be to venture further into space than the call of an alien species? Let’s hope that by the time we meet them, our own species will have transcended its addiction to war and unsustainable resource allocation. source:",0
15348,’The Wire’ Creator David Simon: ‘Pick Up a Goddamn Brick’ if Trump Fires Robert Mueller,"David Simon, creator of HBO’s famed crime drama The Wire, suggested that those who oppose Donald Trump should “pick up a goddamn brick” if the president fires special counsel Robert Mueller. [“If Donald Trump fires Robert Mueller and is allowed to do so, pick up a goddamn brick,” Simon tweeted Monday. “That’s all that’s left to you. ”  If Donald Trump fires Robert Mueller and is allowed to do so, pick up a goddamn brick. That’s all that’s left to you.  —   David Simon (@AoDespair) June 12, 2017,  The       —   whose credits also include the HBO drama Treme and the upcoming series The Deuce  —   continued to taunt social media users who accused him of inciting violence. “Given that you were provoked to a keyboard, inciting stupidity is a more likely plea bargain in my future,” he tweeted at one user on Tuesday. Given that you were provoked to a keyboard, inciting stupidity is a more likely plea bargain in my future. https:  .   —   David Simon (@AoDespair) June 13, 2017,  Simon was defiant, still, after another Twitter user said they would make the United States Secret Service aware of his tweet, which the user said appeared to condone violence against President Trump. “Don’t just call the Secret Service, ya rube,” he wrote. “Call the Justice League. They’re the first line of defense against disturbing rhetoric. Go big!” he said referring to the DC Comics superhero group. Simon has been a vocal critic of the president. In April, the producer slammed Trump’s proposed budget cuts, asking, “Anybody sentient among the       crowd that wants to take a crack at this?” Anybody sentient among the       crowd that wants to take a crack at this? https:  .   —   David Simon (@AoDespair) March 16, 2017,  According to a PBS News’ Judy Woodruff, Trump considered firing Mueller this week. The special counselor appointed to oversee the investigation into alleged connections between the president and Russia has reportedly hired several attorneys who have donated almost exclusively to Democratic politicians, according to CNN.   Follow Jerome Hudson on Twitter: @JeromeEHudson",0
15349,Mike Pence To Head To Irish Maternity Hospital On Fact-Finding Mission,"0 Add Comment 
THE unapologetically pro-life vice president-elect Mike Pence is to visit Ireland in a bid to learn more about how best to run a country where women are treated as little more than incubators, and access to abortion is practically non-existent, WWN can exclusively reveal. 
The VP-elect, who claimed that he would make sure the US’s ‘Roe Vs Wade’ ruling that entitles all American women to the right to an abortion was ‘consigned to the ash-heap of history where it belongs’, will jet over to Ireland following the inauguration of Donald Trump in January to ‘learn how the pros do it’ when it comes to abortion. 
Pence has stated that he regards Ireland as the ‘standard-bearer’ when it comes to dragging your political feet on abortion reform, and is hoping to bring many of this country’s human rights violations back home to America where they can be exacted on US women too. 
“We’re excited to welcome vice president-elect Pence to Ireland,” said Taoiseach Enda Kenny, while buttering his morning toast on the correct side. 
“He can take a look at all our high-profile abortion cases, our laws, our panels of ‘experts’ that decide what is best for a woman, and of course we’ll be bringing him up to speed on the best way to ignore any movement that springs up to protest against these laws”.",0
15350,"H-1B Worker Program Not a Reform Priority, White House Says","There will be no immediate overhaul or reforms to the   foreign guest worker visa program, according to White House Press Secretary Sean Spicer. [In a media briefing, Spicer said President Donald Trump would be reviewing a number of immigration issues that include   visas, but said any reforms to the system before foreign workers could begin applying for the visas on April 1, 2017 would not occur.  “I think there is the legal part of immigration and then the illegal part of immigration,” Spicer said, according to The Hindu. “The President’s actions that he’s taken in terms of his executive order and other revamping of immigration policy have focused on our border security, keeping our country safe, our people safe. And then, obviously, whether it’s   visas or the other one  —   spousal visas  —   other areas of student visas, I think there is a natural desire to have a full look at  —   a comprehensive look at that. ” The open borders lobby has shifted much of their focus away from Trump’s initiatives on illegal immigration and are now in defensive mode on the issue of   visas, as Breitbart Texas reported.   media and open border groups are particularly worried of any kinds of changes to the   visa program, as the system largely favors young, male Indian workers who fill American   jobs. The Trump Administration’s inaction to move on the   visa program could see pushback from immigration hawks and voters, as only 30 percent of Americans see the program as necessary, Breitbart Texas reported. Trump does remain aware of issues regarding the current legal immigration system. In an interview with POLITICO, Sen. Tom Cotton ( ) said Trump seemed to endorse his and Sen. David Perdue’s ( ) “RAISE Act,” which will cut legal immigration by 50 percent over a period of time. The legislation would also reduce the number of green cards issued every year from about one million to 500, 000 end extended family chain migration to the U. S. eliminate the 50, 000 visas granted to foreigners under the diversity visa lottery and permanently cap U. S. refugees resettlement to 50, 000 per year. Some 85, 000   visas are allotted to foreign workers every year through the U. S. government’s visa lottery program, which has long been criticized by Trump’s Attorney General Jeff Sessions. John Binder is a contributor for Breitbart Texas. Follow him on Twitter at @JxhnBinder.",0
15351,Journey From Class Clown to Suspect in Chelsea Bombing - The New York Times,"If there was one child Mohammad Rahami had to worry about bringing shame upon the family, it was Ahmad. In the fifth grade, his teacher complained to Mr. Rahami that Ahmad acted like a king in class. In junior high, he broke a friend’s nose. Even worse was high school  —   after Mr. Rahami arranged for Ahmad to marry a good Afghan girl from Kabul, Ahmad dated a Dominican girl, getting her pregnant in his senior year. The shame. They had   so many of them. In the beginning, because Ahmad was just becoming too American for his conservative Afghan parents, who had moved to New Jersey after Mr. Rahami fought in Afghanistan against the Soviets as part of the mujahedeen in the 1980s. And then, in the last few years, they fell out over much darker fears. Ahmad spent hours watching videos on the internet espousing violent jihad, embracing some of the most prominent purveyors of that message: Bin Laden, Awlaki, Adnani, the men who in that world needed no first names. Mr. Rahami said he asked Ahmad to stop. “This is wrong,” Mr. Rahami recalled telling his son, one of eight children. “You don’t know if they are real Muslims. You shouldn’t watch them. You have nothing to do with them. ” But nothing stopped Ahmad Khan Rahami, 28, who now stands accused of bombings in New York and New Jersey and a string of other attempts: not Mr. Rahami’s entreaties to his   son that such a fascination with jihadi videos was “a disease,” and not the Federal Bureau of Investigation’s    investigation into Ahmad in 2014. In many ways, Ahmad’s story is similar to those of the perpetrators of other recent terrorist attacks in the United States and Europe: a disaffected   immigrant, straddling two worlds and unable to fit into either a young man who had not yet found a meaningful path in life, easily recruited into a cause that promised divine rewards. It is particularly similar to the life of Dzhokhar Tsarnaev, the popular, outgoing high school student sentenced to death a few years after graduation for his role in the 2013 bombing of the Boston Marathon. But Ahmad’s story has nuances, showing how difficult it was for him to make it in America while trying to break out of his conservative family, something, for a while, he seemed to want desperately. His earliest rebellion was not against the West. It was against his father, a conservative, proud man who tried to run his family like he would have back home. And then, later, Ahmad gave up that fight for another, seemingly seeking out jihad on his own and spurning the country that had welcomed his family as refugees. In his recent planning, Ahmad appeared to be isolated and occasionally conflicted. There was no brother to lead him, as in the case of Mr. Tsarnaev. No terrorist cell appeared to be actively helping him. No wife bent on jihad as well, as with the couple in the December shootings in San Bernardino, Calif. No group rushed to claim him or his attacks. Not Al Qaeda and not the Islamic State, despite Ahmad’s praise of figures from both groups in the notebook found on him. That notebook also showed his fear: that he would be caught before he completed his mission, the authorities said. So what turned Ahmad, the class clown, the man who once wanted to be a police officer or a translator for the United States military, into the man now accused of orchestrating the most serious terrorist strike in New York City since the Sept. 11 attacks? Much remains unanswered, but one thing is certain from interviews with his father and friends: He found jihad on the internet, at a time when there was nothing particularly bad in his life, but nothing particularly good. His life was standing in place. Even as his brothers moved on, graduated from college, drove for Uber, Ahmad was stuck. He tried jobs and failed, and ultimately fell back on the one thing he knew, and wanted to get away from: his family’s   business. Years of small indignities piled up, the minor court cases, like the one with the neighbor who allegedly conned him in a   bank swindle that involved transferring someone else’s money to him and paying her back. He asked her in a text message, “Yo this is solely your money tho rite. ” (It was not.) There were two main phases of Ahmad’s life  —   before he started watching the videos in 2013 and after, as he grew ever more radical. As a teenager, Ahmad embraced America. To his friends, he was not Ahmad  —   he was Mad or Ack. He wore baggy jeans, Air Jordans and hoodies, sent slangy text messages proclaiming “na meen,” instead of “know what I mean. ” He was a cutup, a clown. He had girlfriends. He wrote love poems in a spiral notebook. Back then, Mr. Rahami’s desire to send Ahmad to Afghanistan as a way to bring him into a right way of thinking and curb his excesses was seen as a threat, as a punishment, not as a gateway to an extremist cause. But then came the last trip. In April 2013, Ahmad left for a nearly yearlong stay in Pakistan. While there, he took trips to Turkey and Afghanistan, according to immigration and law enforcement officials in Pakistan and the United States. A relative in Quetta, Pakistan, where Ahmad was staying, began to fret about what was becoming of him, his father said. Ahmad had fallen under the sway of a radical cleric in Quetta, a man called Mullah Qudri, according to a close relative in Afghanistan, who spoke on the condition of anonymity to avoid upsetting family members. Ahmad came home, angry and violent. A few months later, he stabbed his mother, a brother and a sister. His father was so worried that he talked to the F. B. I. But then, with that investigation closed, Mr. Rahami tried to reconcile with his son. This is a tightknit Afghan family, after all  —   a father will forgive many things in a son. By this year, Ahmad seemed to be doing better. He agreed to take over his father’s   restaurant. He even moved into a room in the family apartment upstairs. And then, over the summer, he put a lock on the door. The story of the Rahami family is a typical one for the Afghan diaspora, tracing the fallout from the wars in Afghanistan. Mohammad Rahami, a Pashtun from Kandahar, joined the fight against the Soviet occupation in Afghanistan shortly after the Soviets invaded in 1979, when he was only 16. In the war, backed by the United States, he fought both with    or the Islamic Party, comprised mainly of ethnic Pashtuns, and with a faction of the    or Islamic Society, led by Burhanuddin Rabbani, who would become Afghanistan’s president during the civil war in the 1990s. Mr. Rahami would later show a prized photograph to a neighbor who served in the Marines in Afghanistan: of himself as a young man, a traditional brown pakol perched on his head, with three or four other men, all brandishing   rifles. In 1984, Mr. Rahami moved his home base over the Pakistan border into Quetta, a city teeming with refugees, one that would later become a stronghold for militants. He settled with his wife, Najiba, and other family members. The Rahamis started a family, first a daughter, Aziza, then a son, Mohammad Khan. Ahmad was born in 1988. Najiba was pregnant in 1989, with another son, Qasim, when Mr. Rahami left Pakistan for New Jersey to claim refugee status, about the time that the Soviets fled Afghanistan. He was all of 26 years old, and his war, his own jihad, was already behind him. Najiba and their four children followed in 1995. Four more children would come later. They endured the travails of so many immigrants with little education: hard work, a confusing legal system, limited opportunity and a sea of slights for things that would make no sense back home. Mr. Rahami moved his family from one home to the next one on the New Jersey ladder, from the sprawling Ivy Hill apartment complex in Newark to the Galloping Hill Estates subdivision in Union to the Blueberry Village apartments in Edison, names that all evoked possibility and peace. But all the while, problems piled up: the small lawsuits, his children’s   with the police, and Ahmad, always Ahmad. Mr. Rahami made his way in America like many Afghans at the time in the New York area: in fried chicken, just like the Afghans who started Kennedy Fried Chicken, the shop that has spawned hundreds of   restaurants since the first one opened in the 1970s. When Afghans first arrived, they would work for another   Afghan, and then they would join together with other Afghan workers to start their own chicken restaurants, to be their own bosses, with aspirational names like Royal Fried Chicken, formerly known as Hollywood Fried Chicken. “In the community, it’s a good way to get started,” said Mohammed   who incorporated businesses in New Jersey, including one of Mr. Rahami’s first ones in Newark. So in the 1990s, Mr. Rahami helped run Tasty Pizza  Fried Chicken. In 2002, he would open his flagship, which was really just a hole in the wall, named for the country that embraced him as a refugee: First American Fried Chicken. Within two years, he had joined a Kennedy Fried Chicken franchise in Asbury Park. Other relatives opened chicken shops. His sons would work in all of them, long hours into the night. The family lived for nine years in Ivy Hill, a magnet for   immigrants. Ahmad was known to neighbors as the kid who tagged along with his big brother. Mohammad, older by about two years, was tall and skinny. Ahmad was short and plump, his weight something that would continue to bother him. When they saw their elders, they would both say “salaam,” a respectful greeting. When they saw their friends, it was, “Hey, what’s up guys?” They played basketball and went to the park. With their parents, they spoke Pashto, a neighbor recalled. The apartment complex allowed its Muslim residents to create a mosque in the basement. They put carpets down and installed   and called it the Ivy Hills Masjid. The Rahami children wore jeans and   most of the time but traditional clothes on Fridays, for the most important Islamic prayer of the week. “You line them up, it was like the von Trapp family, times two,” said Ken Creegan, a regular at the chicken restaurant who became friendly with the family. Ahmad was interested in politics in his teens, said a close friend who has known him for about 15 years and who spoke on the condition of anonymity because he did not want to get swept up in the investigation. He railed against Pakistan and its main intelligence agency, the   Intelligence directorate, better known as the ISI, which he blamed, like many Afghans, for messing up his ancestral land. “As a teenager, he was angry at Pakistan, saying ISI created the Taliban  —   he was angry about it,” the friend said. Little nuisances always seemed to snowball for the Rahamis. Some of the issues should have been simple enough to fix, like the $242 gas bill from Tasty Pizza  Fried Chicken in July 1998. The elder Mr. Rahami did not pay it. He let it haunt him for six years, until the gas company finally sued him. Then there was the matter of being sued by a man who claimed he broke a tooth on a hamburger at Kennedy Fried Chicken. That was a minor irritant, really, but it came just days after Aziza, his eldest daughter, a high school junior, was arrested on suspicion of taking about $565 worth of jewelry and perfume from a Filene’s store. Not only that, a brief about it ran in a newspaper, although the outcome of the case is unclear. The year 2004 was not a great one for the family: Despite all his business endeavors, Mr. Rahami said he earned only $10, 000, a court filing showed. Just try raising eight children on that. Mr. Rahami filed for bankruptcy in October 2005, a decision that for a prideful Pashtun man had to have been tough to make. He owed almost $46, 000, for things like a Macy’s card and a doctor in Union, N. J. and a 1999 Chevrolet Suburban. He claimed to earn only $1, 447. 33 a month from his chicken restaurant, somehow feeding his family on $200 of that. He had just $100 in the bank. Ahmad was also becoming a source of anxiety. The teenager had enjoyed his popularity with a certain group of girls, a male friend said, and the attention “sometimes puffed up his head. ” His father fretted that he was absorbing too many of the negative aspects of American culture. So off Ahmad went to relatives in Quetta in the beginning of what should have been his junior year, his first trip out of America in five years. He stayed until January 2006, and then returned to Edison High School in Elizabeth. Imani Podhradsky sat next to him in Algebra 2, but said Ahmad spent more time socializing than solving math problems. Maria Mena, whose family was from the Dominican Republic, became Ahmad’s sweetheart. A photograph shows the couple in a swimming pool, with another couple and three friends, a diverse group, Maria smiling broadly and hugging Ahmad from behind. Mr. Rahami was furious at the relationship. The family had arranged for Ahmad to marry a woman in Afghanistan. He told his son that he could not have a girlfriend while he was engaged to someone else. No surprise, but Ahmad did what he wanted. By senior year, Maria was pregnant. The teenagers were excited, holding hands in the hallways, grinning and touching each other. In a prom picture, Maria is pregnant, wearing a shy smile and a white dress. Ahmad seems happy, too, wearing a shiny pink vest and a matching tie over a white shirt. His father had had enough. One day, Ahmad came to school upset, Ms. Podhradsky said. His parents were forcing him to move back to Afghanistan after graduation. In early July 2007, just after Ahmad graduated, he was put on a plane  —   to Pakistan, it turned out  —   leaving behind his girlfriend, who would give birth to their daughter without him. When Ahmad came home the next March, he tried to put his life back together. He moved in with Maria’s family that year. He worked a job at Kmart, which paid him $485. 69 a week, court records show. The life that he was building was small, but he was doing it on his own, and that was something. He tried to be a good father. In July 2008, when he was 20, he spent $10. 68 for a modest purchase at a toy store. At the time, his bank balance was only $406. 41. The Rahami family also continued to rack up legal problems. For years, it seemed as if the family’s main encounters with the outside community were negative ones, in the courtroom, involving lawsuits over small, unpaid bills. Qasim was arrested as a juvenile. At one point, even the mother, Najiba, was arrested, charged with abusing the couple’s    and sent to parenting classes. Around this time, the City of Elizabeth started coming after First American, which had become a   spot for local teenagers to hang out at night. They staged rap battles in the back. The dispute became heated, with the city slapping tickets on the restaurant for staying open past 10 p. m. and the Rahamis arguing that such tickets should never have been issued. After what seemed like countless confrontations, Mohammad Khan, the eldest brother, and another sibling, Qasim, tried to record a police visit in June 2009. They complained of selective enforcement. There was a confrontation, and the two were jailed. Qasim was released Mohammad Khan eventually pleaded guilty to a minor charge. The Rahamis then filed a federal civil rights suit, claiming in part that they were being targeted because of their faith. That lawsuit fizzled out. Ahmad is strangely absent from those court documents. But at some point, he came back to the family, strapped with an incomprehensible $996 a month in child support, now estranged from Maria. He tried to find his footing. He enrolled in September 2010 in a   program at Middlesex County College, but he would give it up in two years. About the same time, he told his close friend who had known him for 15 years that he went to Washington to try to get a job as a translator in Afghanistan with the United States military. But he knew only Pashto, one of the two main languages in the country. “They rejected him and told him to learn Dari,” the friend recalled. Nothing was working out. He started working nights, from 6 p. m. until 3 a. m. manning the register at Royal Fried Chicken in Elizabeth. On one of the nights he had visitation rights to his daughter, he brought her to work, said Amarjit Singh, a   and high school friend. He held her, refusing to let her go. His life kept going in fits and starts. Ahmad finally married his fiancée on a   trip to Pakistan in 2011. But the next year, he was fighting with his   in court. He was slapped with a restraining order  —   it was not clear by whom  —   and jailed for violating it eight days later. By 2013, he was becoming someone else. A friend from high school, who had once watched the movie “Hellboy” with Ahmad, found out that his friend’s tastes in videos had changed. Ahmad had started watching YouTube videos of extremists, said the friend, who spoke on the condition of anonymity because he was afraid of repercussions. At one point, the friend said, Ahmad showed him a lecture by the leading   Qaeda propagandist Anwar   killed in a C. I. A. drone strike in September 2011. “He put his hands in this,” is the expression Mr. Rahami used to describe his son’s growing extremism, which he first saw in 2013. So when Ahmad went to Pakistan the last time, in April 2013, he was already dabbling in extremism. Quetta, the capital of Baluchistan Province and a haven for Taliban leaders and other extremists, would have made it easy for him to be drawn in deeper. The irony was clear: As a young teenager, he had hated the Taliban and Pakistan. And now he embraced them, even though a relative had been killed by the Taliban in Afghanistan around this time, the friend of 15 years said. His close relative in Afghanistan said Ahmad fell under the spell of a man named Mullah Qudri, whom he met through friends in California. “This Mullah Qudri has brainwashed Ahmad,” the relative said, adding that Mullah Qudri was even spending nights with Ahmad at the house where he was staying in Quetta. Ahmad traveled to Afghanistan for several weeks early on in his trip, according to Pakistani immigration authorities. He also made a short detour in early 2014 to Turkey  —   the gateway to Syria and the Islamic State  —   although it is not clear what he did there, law enforcement officials said. When Ahmad came home in March 2014, he was flagged by customs officials, who pulled him aside for a second screening and alerted a federal agency that assesses potential threats, two law enforcement officials said. It was the first time he came to the attention of federal authorities. But nothing happened. And there Ahmad was again, living now with his brothers in an apartment in Perth Amboy, N. J. working in the chicken business, even as his brothers were moving on to other things. Only now, he favored wearing more traditional clothes. Only now, he was angry and erratic. His wife, Asia Bibi Rahami, had just given birth to their son but was having trouble getting a visa to come to the United States. When Ahmad showed up at the local congressman’s office to ask for help, he was gruff and abrupt, asking the office to mail a letter to Islamabad demanding to know why it was taking so long. One day in August, he stabbed his brother, his sister and his mother none of the injuries were grievous, but still. Mr. Rahami, who had seen his son watching these horrible videos, who feared what he was becoming, called the police, a difficult decision, calling in the very people who had never done his family any favors. He described his son to them as a “terrorist. ” Ahmad was charged with stabbing his brother Nasim in the left leg. Mr. Rahami, in interviews last week, did not want to say much about the attack, so it is not clear why Ahmad was charged only with his brother’s stabbing. Ahmad spent a little more than two months in jail, and Mr. Rahami said he talked to the F. B. I. about his concerns about his son’s growing extremism. The F. B. I. which challenged Mr. Rahami’s recollection, never interviewed Ahmad. And about three weeks after the stabbing, the review was formally closed. Life went on. Ahmad’s wife eventually made it to the United States. Mr. Rahami and Ahmad were mostly estranged, although in an Afghan family, where family life is paramount, such estrangements are rarely forever. So then came this year, when the elder Mr. Rahami and his wife and their youngest children planned to move to Roanoke, Va. near relatives, where they would open up another   restaurant. Ahmad’s brothers were doing well. One was driving for Uber. Another had graduated from college. So Mr. Rahami offered his wayward son a shot: If he wanted, First American was his. The restaurant deal lasted less than six weeks. After a bitter dispute between father and son, Mohammad Rahami came back at the end of May to run the business until he could sell it. Ahmad left the restaurant and started working shifts at two other   restaurants in the area. But Ahmad stayed in his father’s apartment, keeping a lock on the door of his room, Mr. Rahami said. His son grew so suspicious of his father trying to get inside, even through the windows, that he changed the lock. In June, Ahmad started ordering supplies from eBay, the slingshot steelies, the citric acid, the circuit board, according to the federal criminal complaint against him. He planned. At some point, he allegedly scrawled his thoughts in a notebook, along with thoughts of his muses, Awlaki, Bin Laden and a founder of the Islamic State. “Inshallah the sounds of the bombs will be heard in the streets,” the journal finished. “Gun shots to your police. Death To Your OPPRESSION. ” The bombs went off last weekend, but the elder Mr. Rahami was busy in his chicken restaurant, keeping it open into the wee hours, the best time to make money, after the bars let out and people were hungry. On Monday morning, Mr. Rahami closed the business just before 3. He said his prayers, and then he went to bed. But then he heard a loud racket outside. Two   officers burst into his apartment and told him to raise his hands, he said. They handcuffed him, he said, and put him on the floor, before marching him outside his bedroom. There, he saw three of his sons  —   Mohammad Khan, Qasim, Nasim  —   also handcuffed. He looked from one to the next and he had one thought: “Where is Ahmad?”",0
15352,"Iraqi Forces Attack Mosul, a Beleaguered Stronghold for ISIS - The New York Times","ERBIL, Iraq  —   Mosul’s residents are hoarding food and furtively scrawling resistance slogans on walls, while the city’s Islamic State rulers have feverishly expanded their underground tunnel network and tried to dodge American drones. After months of maneuvering, the Iraqi government’s battle to reclaim Mosul, the sprawling city whose   population lent the most credence to the Islamic State’s claim to rule a fledgling nation, has finally begun. In the early hours Monday, an announcement by Prime Minister Haider   of the campaign’s opening was accompanied by artillery barrages and a rush of armored vehicles toward the front a few miles from the city’s limits. Those forces will fight to enter a city where for weeks the harsh authoritarian rule of the Islamic State, also known as ISIS, ISIL or Daesh, has sought to crack down on a population eager to either escape or rebel, according to interviews with roughly three dozen people from Mosul. Among them were refugees who managed to sneak out in recent weeks and residents reached by contraband cellphones in the city. Just getting out of Mosul had become difficult and dangerous: Those who were caught faced   fines, unless they were former members of the Iraqi Army or police, in which case the punishment was beheading. While the civilians described stockpiling food in basement hiding places, the jihadists were said to be frantically making military preparations within Mosul, temporarily fleeing the streets  —   most likely to an extensive tunnel network below  —   at the first signs of an airstrike, according to the new accounts. Some of Mosul’s remaining one million or more residents had grown bolder in showing resistance to the Islamic State force ruling the city  —   numbering 3, 000 to 4, 500 fighters, the United States military estimated. Graffiti and other displays of dissidence against the Islamic State were more common in recent weeks, as were executions when the vandals were caught. Early this month, 58 people were executed for their role in a plot to overturn the Islamic State that was led by an aide of the group’s leader, Abu Bakr   Reuters reported. When fewer than 1, 000 Islamic State fighters forced about 60, 000 Iraqi Army and police defenders to abandon Mosul in June 2014, many among its Sunni population cheered their arrival. They saw the militants as fellow Sunnis who would end corruption and abuse at the hands of the   Iraqi government and security services. But much of that local good will dissipated after more than two years of harsh rule by the militants, a mix of Iraqis and Syrians with a grab bag of foreign fighters. Mosul residents chafed under social codes banning smoking and calling for splashing acid on body tattoos, summary executions of perceived opponents, whippings of those who missed prayers or trimmed their beards, and destroying “ ” historical monuments. “Anyone who has accepted Daesh before? They’ve changed their minds now,” said Azhar Mahmoud, a former Education Ministry official who recently fled his home village near Mosul, and who initially accepted rule by the Islamic State. In addition, there were recent reports of at least some underground resistance within the city, if mostly symbolic. Photos and oral accounts abounded of the Arabic letter M scrawled on walls  —   standing for moqawama, or resistance. The Islamic State beheaded two men in front of one such slogan, and posted a video of the killings. Another execution video identified the victims, punished for internet use, as members of the resistance group Suraya Rimah, according to the group’s leader, Omar Fadil   who is based in the Kurdish regional capital of Erbil, about 50 miles east of Mosul. “People are just waiting for liberation so they can fulfill their promises to take revenge on Daesh and kill them,” Mr. Alaf said. Compounding the militants’ problems with the population was a growing economic crisis, according to American officials. In recent months, the Islamic State lost control of oil fields near Raqqa in Syria and Qaiyara in Iraq, and trade with   parts of Syria was choked off because of the group’s military reversals. Electricity, once plentiful before Kurdish forces took back the Mosul Dam from militant control, has been typically available for only a couple of hours a day, residents say. Some areas lack running water, with residents forced to use personal generators to pump water from wells. Schools had not opened at all this year, absent funding and teachers willing to work for nothing. The local economic crisis hit the militants as well, with reports that they cut the pay for their fighters to less than $100 a month, from $400 in 2014, said Abu Bakr Kanan, a former leader of the Sunni religious affairs office in Mosul, who said he was in regular touch with residents there. Many of the residents contacted described the militants as conducting a   recruiting drive among   to    males, depicting enlistment as a religious duty, but with apparently decreasing success. A car mechanic who left the city just over two weeks ago, and asked not to be identified because he still had relatives there, said that on his final Friday in Mosul he attended prayers at which a prominent Islamic State imam harangued the worshipers about volunteering, but seemingly won no one over. The militants’ security preparations have been directed not only at the city’s borders  —   particularly toward the south and east where Iraqi forces, allied militias and Kurdish pesh merga fighters are arrayed  —   but also internally. Traffic on secondary roads in the city was banned, and    searches  —   for weapons and any signs of organized resistance  —   were carried out in many neighborhoods. Last month, a YouTube video surfaced of Suraya Rimah fighters appealing to residents of Mosul to kill their Islamic State rulers when the offensive began. Resistance groups in the city  —   at least five claimed to have a presence  —   say they concentrated on assassinating individuals, said Abdullah Abu Ahmed, who described himself as a leader of an   brigade in Mosul called The Resistance. He was reached by telephone through intermediaries. “All Mosul people, whenever they have the chance to fight and kill ISIS terrorists, they do so,” he said. He cited a recent attack on a jewelry market in which two members of the Islamic State were killed. Over the past few weeks, coalition airstrikes began more intensively targeting the suspected homes of senior Islamic State figures in Mosul. Residents said those senior militants, many of whom had relatively high public profiles in the city, became conspicuous by their absence on the streets. There have also been a notable number of desertions from the Islamic State. Kurdish officials said they had found 300 suspected deserters, or potential infiltrators, in recent months. Most were caught among the refugees escaping from   territory who arrived at the   Dibaga Camp, the main site for refugees, south of Erbil, said Ardalan Mohiadin, who is in charge of the camp’s reception center. Dibaga Camp now has 43, 000 refugees from Mosul and other Islamic State strongholds, with about 11, 000 arriving in September alone, Mr. Mohiadin said. Despite months of preparation for a much larger wave of refugees from the city, aid officials warned that it was unlikely to be nearly enough once the fighting intensified. “The United Nations is deeply concerned that in a   scenario, the operation in Mosul could be the most complex and largest in the world in 2016, and we fear as many as one million civilians may be forced to flee their homes,” said Lise Grande, the United Nations’ humanitarian coordinator for Iraq. Airstrikes on the militants in Mosul led many of them to move in among civilian residents, the locals said. A woman who arrived at Dibaga Camp recently said her family had been forced to take in a Chechen ISIS fighter, and shortly afterward an airstrike hit the home, killing the militant but also two members of the family. The woman’s    daughter was trapped under a collapsed wall. The girl survived and is with her mother in the camp now. Nearly all of the Mosul residents contacted spoke on condition of anonymity for fear of Islamic State retaliation. Even most refugees did not want to be identified because they still had relatives in Mosul. “We are suffering from so many problems, we feel like the living dead,” said a woman who identified herself only by the initials S. A. In addition to American air support, President Obama this month approved 615 more American troops to aid the Mosul offensive by providing intelligence and logistical assistance. That brings the American forces in Iraq to more than 5, 000. Some in Mosul described how militants had begun going house to house to collect used tires that could be set on fire to generate smoke screens. “We expect everything,” said Sabah   the spokesman for the Iraqi Counterterrorism Force. “We know this is the last station for ISIS  —   there is nowhere else for them to go. We have to prepare for a very tough fight. ”",0
15353,How Much Does Donald Trump Pay in Taxes? It Could Be Zero - The New York Times,"Mitt Romney was excoriated during the 2012 presidential campaign for paying $4. 9 million in federal income tax, or an average of just 14 percent of his adjusted gross income, in the two years for which he released returns. No one should be surprised, though, if Donald J. Trump has paid far less  —   perhaps even zero federal income tax in some years. Indeed, that’s the expectation of numerous real estate and tax professionals I’ve interviewed in recent weeks. Even with hundreds of millions in gross revenue from his vast real estate empire, “it’s both possible and legal that Donald Trump would pay little or no income tax,” said Len Green, an accountant and chairman of the Green Group, a tax and accounting advisory firm. Mr. Green is also a real estate investor, teaches at Babson College and is the author of the forthcoming “The Entrepreneur’s Playbook. ” “I would expect he’s paying little or no tax,” agreed Steven M. Rosenthal, a veteran tax lawyer and senior fellow at the   Tax Policy center. That’s because Mr. Trump, as a prominent and active developer, can take advantage of some of the most generous tax breaks in the federal tax code to reduce his reported income to near zero, or even report a loss. Few tax advisers to major real estate developers would speak for attribution, because their clients benefit from the same tax breaks available to Mr. Trump. But all told me they knew developers in Mr. Trump’s league who pay little or no income tax despite hundreds of millions in cash flow. “Real estate is notorious for throwing off huge deductions,” Mr. Rosenthal said. “That coupled with wide latitude in the timing and recognition of income make real estate development extremely attractive from a tax standpoint. ” The Trump campaign did not respond to requests for comment, nor did William F. Nelson, a former general counsel to the Internal Revenue Service and partner at Morgan, Lewis  Bockius, one of Mr. Trump’s tax lawyers. Mr. Trump has said in the past that highly paid corporate executives “get away with murder” on their taxes while boasting that he pays as little as the law allows. At the same time, he has insisted that his federal income tax payments are “substantial. ” No one I spoke to has seen Mr. Trump’s tax returns, because he has not released them. One obvious potential reason is that he reports little or no taxable income, and thus pays very little to support the government he wants to run. He is not obligated by law to make his returns public, but every candidate since Richard Nixon refused to has done so. (Gerald Ford released summaries.) Mr. Romney was harshly criticized for releasing just two years’ worth, and it became a major campaign issue four years ago. Even though his recent returns are confidential, the notion that Mr. Trump has paid little or no tax is not entirely speculative. It’s consistent with Mr. Trump’s returns from the late 1970s, which he filed with the New Jersey Casino Control Commission when applying for a casino license in 1981. Mr. Trump reported losses and paid no federal income tax in 1978 and 1979 and paid only modest sums  —   a total of less than $75, 000  —   for the prior three years. David Cay Johnston, a former reporter for The New York Times who has written extensively about Mr. Trump, reported in The Daily Beast in June that Mr. Trump also paid no income tax in 1984, citing a New York State Division of Tax Appeals ruling. Their conclusions are reinforced by Mr. Trump’s extensive financial disclosures required of presidential candidates. His latest filing in May lists 564 entities in which he holds a position, usually president, director or “member. ” Most are corporations, usually owned in turn by a limited liability company and associated with a specific   property, such as the office tower at 40 Wall Street (the subject of four such L. L. C. s, each of which owns a major interest in the other). That does not count entities in which Mr. Trump does not hold any position. He lists 188 entries under “employment assets and income. ” Candidates are only required to list assets from which they earn more than $200 reporting   ventures is optional. L. L. C.s pass on income   (and, equally important, losses) to their owners. Real estate L. L. C.s can generate enormous losses, even with millions in revenue, because of depreciation, interest payments, real estate taxes and operating costs. Mr. Trump can use paper losses to offset taxable income, such as interest, dividends, royalties and employment income. That’s a loophole that was eliminated for most investors in the landmark tax reform legislation in 1986. But because of aggressive lobbying by the powerful real estate industry,   active developers like Mr. Trump were exempted from restrictions on using such paper losses to offset ordinary income. The tax value of Mr. Trump’s paper losses may well exceed his investment in the underlying properties, because he and other developers typically make minimal down payments and use as much debt as possible to finance a purchase. To take just one example, Mr. Trump bought what is now the Trump National Doral Miami resort and golf club for $150 million while it was in bankruptcy proceedings and financed the purchase with $125 million in loans from Deutsche Bank. Interest payments on mortgages and loans are deductible. How much total debt Mr. Trump’s properties have incurred is not known, but based on his latest financial disclosure (which shows only ranges) it’s at least $250 million and probably far more than that, with some estimates close to $1 billion. At an average interest rate of 4 percent, that deduction alone is worth at least $10 million a year and perhaps $40 million or more. At least interest is a cash payment. Depreciation is a noncash charge, and is largely an accounting conceit that benefits real estate investors. The theory is that real estate loses value over time and is eventually worthless. As everyone surely knows, most real estate has historically appreciated in value. How much Mr. Trump’s property investments might throw off in depreciation depends on what he paid for them, how much he’s spent on capital improvements and how the assets are categorized (some assets qualify for accelerated depreciation). But the   depreciation schedule for commercial property, and purchases and capital investments of $2 billion (a modest estimate, given that Mr. Trump values his assets at $10 billion) would generate depreciation deductions of $50 million a year. Depreciation is ordinarily recaptured and taxed when an asset is sold. But Mr. Trump and other developers can benefit from provisions that make that unlikely. If they sell appreciated properties at a large profit but use the proceeds to buy other real estate, the transactions may be considered a “ ” exchange. If so, there’s no tax on the gain. Critics have called   exchanges an outrageous tax loophole that benefits wealthy real estate developers and other investors to the tune of $33 billion in lost tax revenue a year. The Obama administration has called for repealing it, and several bipartisan measures to do so have been introduced in Congress, all to no avail given the gridlock over tax reform. “It’s a big loophole,” Mr. Rosenthal said of the   exchange provisions. “It allows    and   taxpayers to defer their tax liability potentially until death. ” Mr. Trump’s business entities also deduct real estate taxes and all their operating costs and expenses, which might well include most of Mr. Trump’s living and travel expenses, because his personal and business lives are so intertwined. (Even his suits are presumably a business cost, because he has a men’s wear line.) “The difference between business and personal costs can be a very fine line,” Mr. Green said, “especially for someone like Trump. ” If Mr. Trump’s losses exceed his income, they can be carried over into subsequent years and used to offset future income. Politico reported in June that documents from New Jersey’s Division of Gaming Enforcement and Casino Control Commission indicate that Mr. Trump had such     in the 1990s, when his casino operations were under stress. This may also explain why Mr. Trump has not disclosed many large charitable contributions, because the charitable deduction would be of scant value if he has little or no taxable income. The enormous tax benefits available to real estate developers like Mr. Trump make yet another a compelling case for overhauling the tax system. But that’s not to say he’s done anything wrong. “People aren’t obligated to pay taxes they don’t owe,” Mr. Green said. “It’s the job of tax professionals to use every legal means to minimize taxes, and I’m sure Trump has some of the best working for him. Many wealthy people pay no tax. ” But they’re not running for president. “It is disqualifying for a   presidential nominee to refuse to release tax returns to the voters,” Mitt Romney recently said on Facebook. He, of all people, should know.",0
15354,WOW! Coláiste Lurgan Sing In English For A Change And It’s Shit,"0 Add Comment 
WWN’s VIRAL TEAM has been monitoring some of the 400 Irish sites which regularly post the latest Coláiste Lurgan videos and the Galway gang are back with another song! 
The melodies are note perfect, and the chorus brings forth that by now familiar wave of goosebumps on the skin, but in a strange departure from their other work this latest ditty is in English and so it’s shite. 
It’s hard to put our finger on why 60 girls and boys singing their hearts out in an emotionally evocative fashion leaves us cold, when on the previous 40 occasions we were floored, stunned and totes in awe and had bags of grá for them. 
Their stirring version of Eminem’s classic ‘Smack That’ should have left us feeling 179% more Irish than we already feel, but alas the choice to sing in English robs the song of any greater meaning, therefore garnering not so rave reviews. 
A casual look below the video in the comments section of Youtube reveals we’re not the only ones who feel this way. 
“In English? Die #feelingbetrayed,” wrote one livid internet user in English. 
Calls for a government inquiry to be launched have been growing in momentum this morning with Twitter user @Gra32 summing up everyone’s feelings. 
“Is this some sort of sick joke?” @Gra32 queried. 
At the time of this article’s publication, Coláiste Lurgan has yet to apologise.",0
15355,Paul Ryan Must Step Down as Speaker of the House,"
Rep. Paul Ryan must step down as Speaker of the House.
America rejected his big government, open borders globalism.
Paul Ryan rejected Trump all year long.
And now the majority are calling on Wisconsin lawmaker to step down.
Americans deserve a Republican Speaker who will support President Trump. A bridge, not a wall.
Sean Hannity spoke tonight on FOX after Donald Trump won the election for President of the United States. He noted that he spoke with Trump three times throughout the night after he said the following:
And on every objective measure, you know thank God the American people this is about one thing. They see that Washington is broken and by the way Republicans are just as guilty. Paul Ryan is not going to be the Speaker off the House in January. I was going to save that for my program tomorrow. He’s not going to be the Speaker. His state went for Donald Trump tonight.
I mean it’s an amazing turn of events because the establishment on both sides Republican and Democrat have lost touch with the real lives of real Americans that are really suffering and Donald Trump has now opened the door and said we’re going to fix it and we’re going to turn that table over and you know what, I wish him all the best cause it’s not going to be easy because it’s all the same people that opposed him in the lead up to tonight are going to be opposing him tomorrow.

Source 
",0
15356,‘Like Asking if You’ll Stop Beating Your Wife’: Saudi Ambassador to US Dodges Yemen Cluster Bomb Question - American Herald Tribune,"22 Shares
3 18 0 1
Prince Abdullah Al-Saud, Saudi Arabia’s ambassador to the United States, was confronted by a reporter from the Intercept .
“Will you continue to use cluster weapons in Yemen?” the reporter asked the diplomat.
Al-Saud laughed before answering: “This is like the question, ‘Will you stop beating your wife?’”
After the reporter repeated the question, the ambassador again dismissed it, saying “You are political operators. I’m not a politician.”
Speaking at the Annual Arab-US Policymakers Conference last week, al-Saud insisted that the Saudi-led coalition will continue its bombing campaign in Yemen, the Intercept reported.
“If anyone attacks human lives and disturbs the border, in whatever region, we’re going to continue hitting them, no matter what,” said al-Saud.
Human Rights Watch (HRW) has accused the Saudi-led coalition of war crimes following an airstrike on a funeral in Yemen on October 8. In that incident, at least two air-dropped munitions penetrated the roof of a hall containing over 1,000 mourners during the funeral ceremony of Ali al-Rawishan, the father of the Sanaa-based administration’s interior minister, Jalal al-Rawishan. At least 140 people were killed and 610 wounded.
Despite calls by US officials to review its support for its Middle Eastern ally, Washington continues to sell arms to Saudi Arabia, approving more than $20 billion in military sales in 2015 alone, HRW reports.
According to UN data from August this year, the Saudi intervention in Yemen has claimed the lives of at least 10,000 people, including almost 4,000 civilians. The UN and HRW have repeatedly accused the Saudi military of dropping cluster bombs in Yemeni residential areas.
Recommended For You Saudis Foil ISIS Terror Attacks on Packed Stadium The Saudi Interior Ministry on Sunday announced that four men were arrested over plans to detonate a bomb at the King Abdullah Sports...
By AHT Staff Jaish Al-Fatah Leader Admits Receiving Financial, Military Aid from Saudi Arabia According to the Syrian dissidents' news website, Enab, Muhaysini has released a video recently in which he appreciated Riyadh and other A...
By AHT Staff Yemeni forces fire ballistic missile deep inside Saudi Arabia at Jeddah airport Yemeni soldiers and their allies fired a Borkan-1 (Volcano-1) missile towards King Abdulaziz International Airport, located 19 kilome...
By AHT Staff No One Supports, Defends Saudi Arabia without Taking Bribe: German Chancellor Angela Merkel",0
15357,A Tiny Home by Choice in New York City - The New York Times,"On the emotional fulcrum of New York City   size and setting are forever in sway. Does a park view trump a guest bedroom? Is a vast kitchen worth settling blocks from a trendy thoroughfare? Usually, a compromise is struck. Unless it isn’t. For a small but resolute faction of New Yorkers, living in a particular neighborhood, or even on a certain street, is an unwavering desire. These partisans happily renounce many   comforts for the privilege  —   even though it means squeezing into a minuscule space. These are not   individuals who have been painted into a corner, nor are they young professional types starting out in the new  . Many are simply realizing the fantasy of moving to a charmed setting, home size be damned. For others, safe and socially or culturally rich environs are far more alluring than square footage. And then there are those who prize geographic convenience, as well as the emotional liberation of (really)   living. For some, the ultimate New York neighborhood may be Greenwich Village, defined by its winding streets, historic architecture, cozy but chic storefronts and diverse dining options. Roomy digs are less essential when a neighborhood serves as an extension of your living room, wherever in the five boroughs it may be. Vicki Behm and her husband, Glenn Coleman, are Chicago transplants who have lived in New York for 20 years. Their   residential history is a handbook for urban downsizing, as they have managed to achieve, in four happy translocations, the equivalent of reducing a cow to a bouillon cube. “Before buying this place, we sat down and said, ‘This is little, even for us,’ ” recalls Ms. Behm, a painter and public school teacher, while sitting in the snug living     studio of her    residence on West 11th Street in Greenwich Village, several blocks from the Hudson River. An accomplished artist who once favored large, abstract canvases  —   “Not anymore I draw at this table”  —   she had long been drawn to the neighborhood. The couple’s real estate journey in New York began in 1996 when they rented a comfortable   apartment in Boerum Hill, Brooklyn. Two years later they purchased a nearby     1840s   townhouse, with three bedrooms and two working marble fireplaces. Four years later, for reasons personal and professional, they decided to move to Manhattan, even if it meant downscaling. Being devotees of modern art, the couple gravitated to the landmark 1936 Rockefeller Apartments, built in the curvaceous International Style, on West 55th Street. Their        was augmented by a     terrace. The building had a private garden and a captivating neighbor, the Museum of Modern Art. “It was nice, well run and fit us well,” Mr. Coleman, a financial journalist, said of the Rockefeller. “Although I don’t miss cutting 24 checks at Christmastime. ” Several years later, they contracted the highly contagious Village virus. “When we were living in Midtown, we used to walk around this neighborhood and say, ‘Gosh, wouldn’t it be great to live here someday?’ ” Ms. Behm recounts. “I never got that out of my mind. ” One day they happened upon a   in a     in a    brick compound of five contiguous buildings that wrap around West 11th and Washington Streets. The setting was ideal. “But the apartment was in really rough shape,” Ms. Behm said. “Even the halls were bad, with that surface like icing on a cake that you can cut yourself on. ” A big plus was the shared roof garden with trees, plants and views of the Statue of Liberty and Empire State Building. They bought the     for $660, 000. They executed a complete, historically minded overhaul, including redoing walls and ceilings, and installing period woodwork and period black doorknobs. One small bedroom was turned into a   closet, study and TV room, while the other remained a sleeping space. “Once we got used to it, and it took a little time, we were happy with the move,” Ms. Behm said. “Except those stairs,” Mr. Coleman said. They loved the neighborhood. As the Village goes, West 11th delivers on the swoon meter: gracious old brownstones, inviting restaurants, cafes and bars, an art gallery and a tiny spa. But last summer they learned through the   grapevine that a      in the compound was going on the market. Because the tiny   place opened onto a handsome   courtyard of about 2, 000 square feet, the locals referred to it as a “cottage. ” “And I have always wanted to live in a cottage,” Ms. Behm said, beaming. She soon learned that her infatuation with cottages was shared by a number of other New Yorkers. On the day of the open house, an estimated 250 prospective buyers queued up around the block. Being residents of the   Ms. Behm and Mr. Coleman were on the inside track and purchased it for $825, 000. Their current dwelling is not exactly a   cottage, but it feels like one. The courtyard just outside, where they have put a small table and chairs, belongs to their   Ms. Behm said, but is seldom used by others. After minor alterations, the couple moved in last September. They are more than content. Of course, the smaller you go, the more you heave overboard, Ms. Behm said. “So out goes the Herman Miller sofa and credenza out go my big art books  —   that was hard. The big turkey platter had to go, also my nine cake pans  —   I’ll buy that flourless chocolate cake. ” She also sold all but one of her large paintings. Their cheerful   room features a working fireplace (wood is stored at the bottom of   bookshelves) hardwood floors, tall windows facing the courtyard and an   ceiling. A napkin’s toss away are a    bedroom with a   closet, a cleverly arranged galley kitchen and a small tiled bathroom. The entrance hallway serves as a coat closet. “The apartment doesn’t feel as small as it is,” Mr. Coleman says, “because for seven to eight months of the year the courtyard is part of our living space. ” Christine Kudrav, 30, an executive at a philanthropic foundation in Manhattan, arrived in New York in 2008 from Virginia, landing a   apartment in Prospect Heights, Brooklyn, of more than 1, 000 square feet. A roommate came with the package, but considering her means, that was to be expected. ”It was fine,” she recalls. “But back then there were few amenities there, like restaurants and bars, not like it is today. ” This paucity of amenities occasioned a move to a sizable   apartment in Carroll Gardens, Brooklyn (also shared) then a      residency in Manhattan in Chelsea  —   three bedrooms, three roommates. After that came a stint in a moderately sized place in a   in Brooklyn Heights with a boyfriend. When her relationship took a downward turn last year, she decided to end her courtship with city rentals and buy something. After exploring Brooklyn neighborhoods like Williamsburg and   Gardens, she set her sights on vibrant Clinton Hill, even though she knew it might be expensive. “I always really loved Clinton Hill, and was willing to go smaller to live there,” she said. And so it was that she bought a    apartment in an 1870   limestone building on Clinton Avenue for $300, 000. Ms. Kudrav had immediately fallen in love with the block  —   an architectural farrago of mostly    structures  —   and the diverse social diversions it afforded. “I like dive bars,” she said. Clinton Hill, it turns out, amply satisfies this thirst. Her home is also a bicycle ride away from two parks, Fort Greene and Prospect  —   “I’m at both constantly when the weather is nice,” she said. Two of her favorite restaurants are in the ’hood: Emily and Taqueria Tepango. She also frequents Olea Mediterranean Taverna and the  Greenlight Bookstore in nearby Fort Greene. Like many   downsizers, Ms. Kudrav rationalized her choice by noting that what she sacrificed on the inside was more than made up for outside. She says the block has become a wing of her home. “I don’t feel closed in,” Ms. Kudrav said. Nor does she miss the clothing and kitchen items she jettisoned. Her   building has a wide, handsome marble and oak foyer where one can envision the children of the original owner, a Union officer in the Civil War, sliding down the gleaming banister. Ms. Kudrav’s dwelling features    ceilings, tall rounded windows and two   clothes closets. A small but functional cooking area is built into one wall  —   she cooked a dinner for eight friends days after moving in  —   with an island that doubles as a table. One   item is a large wooden wall panel that opens to reveal a   Murphy bed. Ms. Kudrav provides a demonstration, lowering the technological marvel and proudly demonstrating how two large pillows can be employed as a headboard. Rather than surrender space to a television, she plans to buy a projector that can display programs on a screen or wall and can be stored in a drawer. “At the beginning, I have to say, I was a little nervous about whether I could make such a small place work,” she conceded. “But this is where I wanted to live, and I feel I made the right decision. ” Nick Demos, 44, a theater producer and director who has a sideline as a yoga teacher, only recently discovered the transcendental contentment of shoe box living. “Look over here,” he called out to a visitor. “This is my tiny kitchen with my tiny refrigerator, my tiny stove and tiny sink. ” The tiny kitchen was aseptically clean, unsullied by edible substances. “I eat out all the time,” he says. A native of Montana, Mr. Demos, whose trim, muscular physique speaks to his earlier career as a Broadway dancer, resided for eight years in Oklahoma City, where he was the artistic director of the Lyric Theater of Oklahoma. When New York called, in 2008, he sold his   ranch, in one day, for the asking price of $150, 000. “I was very, very, very lucky,” he adds. “This was two months before the economy fell. ” Having read about a renaissance in Harlem, he gravitated there, purchasing a    condo in a contemporary building on 148th Street and Bradhurst Avenue, overlooking Jackie Robinson Park  —   comfortable and cheerful enough, with a terrace, a sizable kitchen, good natural light and various amenities for $395, 000. This arrangement sufficed for a number of years, but after a while, the commute to the theater district became old. What is more, the neighborhood’s predicted cultural reawakening was too slow in coming to suit him. “I always, always wanted to live in the Village,” he said. “But until then, especially coming from Oklahoma, I was not sure if I was ready to go as small as it might take to do it. ” Last year, he sold his condo for $550, 000 and went small, really small  —   as in    small. (Well, almost that small: That square footage doesn’t include the dollhouse kitchen or the bathroom.) His spare but sunny studio on West 13th Street near the Avenue of the Americas cost him $425, 000 and is nestled in the rear of a small brick   with a sleek lobby and a   doorman. While the block is not as serene as areas farther west, the kind of amenities he desires are nearby: the New School, the Quad Cinema, an Italian restaurant called Da Andrea and the Jade Hotel Greenwich Village. The apartment, about   neatly made bed, accommodates a small work desk, a bureau, a   bath and what passes for a living room. “This sofa you are sitting on,” he said with a grin, “is half of a sectional  —   got rid of the other half. I could never entertain here. ” He estimates that he has condensed his possessions by 80 percent since Oklahoma. Like many others who have drastically downsized in order to realize their neighborhood dream, Mr. Demos noted that what he has lost in square footage he has gained in convenience and peace of mind. “There is a sense of security in paring down to just the things you absolutely need,” he said. “I work, I go out, I travel, I’m in the neighborhood I want, I come home, I sleep  —   what more do you really need?”",0
15358,OOPS! CRYBABY HAMILTON STARS Who Lectured Pence Haven't Voted In Years [VIDEO] » 100percentfedUp.com,"DONALD TRUMP SKIPS MEDIA: Delivers Transition Update Straight To The People [Video] Audience members booed Pence as he entered the theater and after the cast’s curtain call, the statement was read. Cast member Brandon Dixon stopped Pence on his way out of the performance to publicly shame him in front of the audience and cast members of Hamilton. Dixon’s message was written by show creator Lin-Manuel Miranda, director, Thomas Kail and lead producer, Jeffrey Seller, according to the New York Times. ‘We, sir, we are the diverse America who are alarmed and anxious that your new administration will not protect us, our planet, our children, our parents, or defend us and uphold our inalienable rights. We truly hope that this show has inspired you to uphold our American values and to work on behalf of all of us,’ Dixon said, reading the message aloud. But cast members were able to give input. RadarOnline investigated whether or not the actors had voted and revealed many leads hadn’t in years. Dixon’s records show he didn’t vote during president Obama’s reelection bid in 2012. Javier Munoz, playing the titular role of Hamilton, registered to vote in 2006 and voted in the mid-term elections, but hasn’t been on record as voting since. 
Seth Stewart, who plays Thomas Jefferson, voted in 2008 when Obama ran for the first time. He did not vote in 2012. Okieriete “Oak” Onaodowan, who players James Madison and Hercules Mulligan, registered to vote in 2005 but hasn’t been on record voting since. Since the clash with the Hamilton cast, Pence told Fox News he wasn’t offended by the message and said the booing ‘is what freedom sounds like’. – Daily Mail 
",0
15359,"President Putin: Russian Federation supports Jammu and Kashmir's right of self-determination, Indian army acts as ruthless bandits","Email (Rawalpindi, Islamic Republic of Pakistan)-- President Vladimir Putin in a rare interview with Asia Times revealed that Moscow offered a comprehensive roadmap to solve Kashmir's crisis which has festered for decades. The Russian proposal supports self-determination to the inhabitants of the disputed Jammu and Kashmir, based on a choice of three courses to be voted on in a referendum within four years after the establishment of peace. ""It is unrealistic to expect the Muslim population to accept the idea of integration into India. We support the inalienable right of Kashmiri people to determine their future. A UN-sponsored ceasefire is needed,"" the state-run Asia Time quoted Mr. Putin as saying, adding, the Indian army disguised as Hindu zealots are indiscriminately targeting Muslim civilians. The main anti-Indian Kashmiri opposition party, widely known as Azad Kashmir (Free Kashmir), has recently reopened its political office in Moscow after five years when Russia suddenly severed all its ties with the Muslim separatists. ""Indian army acts as ruthless bandits, though we seek a permanent solution to the conflict in Kashmir. UN must hold a plebiscite in those disputed areas to determine the wishes of Kashmiris on the final disposition of their state. I hope both side--Indianans and Pakistanis--eventually reach a mutual understanding and agree on reasonable term to end this bloodshed.",0
15360,"Most College Students Think America Invented Slavery, Professor Finds","Most College Students Think America Invented Slavery, Professor Finds Kate Hardiman, College Fix, October 31, 2016 
For 11 years, Professor Duke Pesta gave quizzes to his students at the beginning of the school year to test their knowledge on basic facts about American history and Western culture. 
The most surprising result from his 11-year experiment? Students’ overwhelming belief that slavery began in the United States and was almost exclusively an American phenomenon, he said. 
“Most of my students could not tell me anything meaningful about slavery outside of America,” Pesta told The College Fix . “They are convinced that slavery was an American problem that more or less ended with the Civil War, and they are very fuzzy about the history of slavery prior to the Colonial era. Their entire education about slavery was confined to America.” 
Pesta , currently an associate professor of English at the University of Wisconsin Oshkosh, has taught the gamut of Western literature–from the Classics to the modern–at seven different universities, ranging from large research institutions to small liberal arts colleges to branch campuses. He said he has given the quizzes to students at Purdue University, University of Tennessee Martin, Ursinus College, Oklahoma State University, and University of Wisconsin Oshkosh. 
{snip} 
Before even distributing the syllabus for his courses, Pesta administered his short quizzes with basic questions about American history, economics and Western culture. For instance, the questions asked students to circle which of three historical figures was a president of the United States, or to name three slave-holding countries over the last 2,000 years, or define “capitalism” and “socialism” in one sentence each. 
Often, more students connected Thomas Jefferson to slavery than could identify him as president, according to Pesta. On one quiz, 29 out of 32 students responding knew that Jefferson owned slaves, but only three out of the 32 correctly identified him as president. Interestingly, more students–six of 32–actually believed Ben Franklin had been president. 
{snip} 
What’s more, he began to observe a shift in his students’ quiz responses in the early 2000s. Before that time, Pesta described his students as “often historically ignorant, but not politicized.” Since the early 2000s, Pesta has found that “many students come to college preprogrammed in certain ways.” 
“They cannot tell you many historical facts or relate anything meaningful about historical biographies, but they are, however, stridently vocal about the corrupt nature of the Republic, about the wickedness of the founding fathers, and about the evils of free markets,” Pesta said. “Most alarmingly, they know nothing about the fraught history of Marxist ideology and communist governments over the last century, but often reductively define socialism as ‘fairness.’” 
Pesta also noted that, early on, his students’ “blissful ignorance was accompanied by a basic humility about what they did not know.” But over time he said he increasingly saw “a sense of moral superiority in not knowing anything about our ‘racist and sexist’ history and our ‘biased’ institutions.” 
“As we now see on campus,” Pesta said, “social justice warriors are arguing that even reading the great books of Western culture is at best a micro-aggression, and at worst an insidious form of cultural imperialism and indoctrination.” 
{snip}",0
15361,Are Detroit’s Most Terrible Schools Unconstitutional?,"Are Detroit’s Most Terrible Schools Unconstitutional? Geoffrey R. Stone, New York Times, October 21, 2016 
At one Detroit school, just 4 percent of third graders scored proficient on Michigan’s English assessment test. At another, 9.5 percent did. Those students are among the plaintiffs in a lawsuit filed last month that asserts that children have a federal constitutional right to the opportunity to learn to read and write. 
Illiteracy is the norm at those “slumlike” schools and others in Michigan’s biggest city, according to the plaintiffs. The facilities are decrepit and unsafe. The first thing some teachers do each morning is clean up rodent feces before their students arrive. In some cases, teachers buy the books and school supplies, even the toilet paper. 
Lawyers for the students are arguing, in effect, that Michigan is denying their clients the right to a minimally adequate education, an issue that has been raised over the years in courts in other states under their state constitutions. 
{snip} 
Now the litigation in Detroit is raising this issue under the United States Constitution. The Supreme Court has never addressed whether disparities among schools would be constitutionally permissible if, as the court put it in 1973, a state failed “to provide each child with an opportunity to acquire the basic minimal skills necessary” for success in life. 
In that bitterly divided 5-4 decision, San Antonio Independent School District v. Rodriguez, the court upheld a Texas law that produced unequal levels of education to students living in different school districts based on the property tax revenues of each district. 
The majority maintained that the law was constitutional because it served a rational policy of permitting each school district to decide for itself how much money to spend on education. Whether the level of education was at least minimally adequate in the state’s poorest schools was not at issue in the case. 
In what is likely to be the opening chapter in a long legal saga, a federal district judge in Michigan must determine if a state can constitutionally provide a vast majority of its students with an excellent or at least adequate education while a minority of students receive an education that denies them the chance to acquire the minimum skills the court spoke of 43 years ago in Rodriguez. 
{snip} 
But in the case of children who are attending a public school, how do we know whether a state has denied some of its children even the minimal level of education required by the 14th Amendment? That is the burden that the plaintiffs in the Detroit case must meet. After reviewing their evidence, the case seems to be open-and-shut. 
As the plaintiffs demonstrate, “decades of state disinvestment in and deliberate indifference to the Detroit schools” have denied these children “access to the most basic building block of education: literacy.” At the schools involved in this litigation, which serve almost exclusively low-income minority children, the student proficiency rates “hover near zero in nearly all core subject areas.” At one school, for example, 100 percent of the sixth graders scored below proficiency in reading. 
{snip}",0
15362,Donald Trump’s Diet: He’ll Have Fries With That - The New York Times,"President Obama is so disciplined that his wife has teased that he eats precisely seven lightly salted almonds each night. George W. Bush was an exercise buff, obsessed with staying trim by mountain biking and clearing brush at his ranch in Crawford, Tex. But Donald J. Trump is taking a different approach: A junk food aficionado, he is hoping to become the nation’s fast food president. “A ‘fish delight,’ sometimes, right?” Mr. Trump told Anderson Cooper at a CNN    meeting in February, extolling the virtues of McDonald’s. “The Big Macs are great. The Quarter Pounder. It’s great stuff. ” Mr. Trump’s presidential campaign is improvised, undisciplined, rushed and  . And so is his diet. In an era of gourmet dining and obsession with healthy ingredients, Mr. Trump is a throwback to an earlier, more carefree time in American eating, when nobody bothered to ask whether the tomatoes were locally grown, and the first lady certainly didn’t have a vegetable garden, complete with a bee hive, on the South Lawn of the White House. But in Facebook, Instagram and Twitter posts, Mr. Trump has broadcast his culinary preferences to the nation  —   devouring a bucket of Kentucky Fried Chicken (while reading The Wall Street Journal) feasting on a McDonald’s burger and fries (to celebrate clinching the Republican presidential nomination) and chowing down on a taco bowl (in an effort to woo Hispanic voters). He is a lover of diner fare and fast food grub, of overcooked steaks (“It would rock on the plate, it was so well done,” his longtime butler once observed) and the bland nourishment of Americana. He prefers burgers and meatloaf, Caesar salads and spaghetti, See’s Candies and Diet Coke. And he shuns tea, coffee and alcohol. But his highbrow, lowbrow image  —   of the   mogul who takes buckets of fried chicken onto his private plane with the   seatbelt buckles  —   is also a carefully crafted one. If President George Bush revealed his patrician upbringing by requesting “a splash” more coffee at a truck stop in New Hampshire, and John Kerry helped reinforce his image as a New England blue blood by trying to order a cheese steak with Swiss in South Philadelphia, Mr. Trump’s diet also telegraphs to his   base that he is one of them. “There’s nothing more American and more    than fast food,” said Russ Schriefer, a Republican strategist and ad maker. “It is the peculiarity of the brand that he’s able to be on his   jet with the gold and black branding and colors, and at the same time eat KFC  —   and what makes it perfect is he does it all with a knife and fork, while reading The Wall Street Journal. ” Or, as Kellyanne Conway, a senior adviser and pollster on the Trump campaign, put it, “It goes with his authenticity. ” “I don’t think Hillary Clinton would be eating Popeye’s biscuits and fried chicken,” she said. Last April, Mrs. Clinton did, indeed, visit a Chipotle near Toledo, Ohio, stopping into the chain restaurant unrecognized, in black sunglasses, and ordering a chicken burrito bowl. And President Bill Clinton was perhaps the nation’s first fast food commander in chief, famous for ending his jogs at McDonald’s. (Mr. Clinton now adheres to a largely vegan diet.) Still, Mr. Trump seems to come by his appetite for fast food genuinely. While junk food has long been a staple of campaign trail life  —   Mitt Romney’s 2012 press corps coined the term “slunch” to refer to the unhealthy phenomenon of the “second lunch”  —   Mr. Trump’s reliance on   fare is driven more by a combination of speed, efficiency and, above all else, cleanliness. Though he often orders from the Trump Grill when working out of Trump Tower in Manhattan, he eats fast food several times a week while on the road because “it’s quick,” as he told The Daily Mail last year while munching on Burger King on his Boeing  . Mr. Trump has even suggested doing away with state dinners, in a fit of cost and time savings. “We should be eating a hamburger on a conference table, and we should make better deals with China and others and forget the state dinners,” he said. A man always prone to distraction and uninterested in small details, he has never approached food as anything other than a problem to be solved, quickly, as Gov. Chris Christie of New Jersey, an occasional dining partner, once told The Washington Examiner. As the two men ate at   in Manhattan in 2002, Mr. Trump ordered briskly and imperiously from the head chef and owner, Mr. Christie recalled. “  remember the appetizer you made for me last week when I was here?” Mr. Trump asked the owner. “We’ll take two of those. And remember that main course you made, the special thing you made for me? We’ll take two of those, too. ” Mr. Christie watched with confusion and a bit of awe, he recalled in the interview. Mr. Trump looked at him and said, “Don’t worry, you’ll love it. ” But Mr. Trump, who frets about germs and prizes cleanliness, also loves fast food because of its consistency and the promise, at least, of a basic level of hygiene. “One bad hamburger, you can destroy McDonald’s. One bad hamburger, you take Wendy’s and all these other places and they’re out of business,” Mr. Trump told Mr. Cooper of CNN. “I’m a very clean person. I like cleanliness, and I think you’re better off going there than maybe someplace that you have no idea where the food’s coming from. It’s a certain standard. ” Still, he added, “I think the food’s good. ” Mr. Trump’s dining habits also bespeak a certain lack of creativity, and parochialism  —   the kid from Queens who made it across the river to Manhattan’s glistening skyline, but never cottoned to the city’s haute cuisine. He once praised the “imagination” of his wife, Melania, in the kitchen  —   before citing, as examples of her culinary   spaghetti and meat sauce, salads and meatloaf. (He still keeps a copy of his mother’s meatloaf recipe.) Along with McDonald’s, his favorite fast food joint, a family member said, is Jackson Hole Burgers. He is also a stickler for manners, attacking his primary race rival, Gov. John Kasich of Ohio, for scarfing down meals during impromptu news conferences. “I’ve never seen a human being eat in such a disgusting fashion!” Mr. Trump told a crowd. And Mr. Trump, who sometimes sips his Diet Coke through a straw, once caused Manhattan foodies to weep into their quinoa when he took Sarah Palin to a Famous Famiglia pizza restaurant in Times Square  —   and then proceeded to cut his oversize slice with a plastic knife and fork. He has other pretensions, as well. Howie Carr, a Boston Herald columnist, recalled traveling on Mr. Trump’s plane and watching him rip the buns off his McDonald’s patties before plying the burgers with ketchup. (“Do you know how many calories you save that way?” Mr. Trump asked Mr. Carr.) And Mr. Trump also told US Weekly that he tries to save calories on pizza. (“I scrape the toppings off my pizza  —   I never eat the dough,” he said.) So pronounced are Mr. Trump’s fast food preferences that Philip E. Beshara, a   lawyer, joked on Instagram that, as president, his cabinet would probably be staffed by Colonel Sanders, the Hamburglar and the Taco Bell Chihuahua. And, of course, the Republican nominee’s dining whims also keep his team on its toes, with staff members worrying not just about the backdrop for his speeches  —   but also where to find the nearest  . “There’s never any real planning for food,” said one, between events on Friday. “It’s always just whatever he is craving, which is more often than not McDonald’s. ”",0
15363,"Rex Tillerson, Aleppo, Donald Trump: Your Evening Briefing - The New York Times","(Want to get this briefing by email? Here’s the  .) Good evening. Here’s the latest. 1. A Times investigation reveals how Russia aimed the perfect weapon at the U. S. presidential election: cyberattacks honed in elections elsewhere. Intelligence officials believe an operation to collect information evolved into an effort to harm one candidate, Hillary Clinton, and tip the election to her opponent, Donald J. Trump. Above, the Democratic National Convention’s hacked server on a table in the organization’s basement, next to a reminder of a past breach: a filing cabinet jimmied in the Watergate burglary of its offices in 1972. _____  2. Mr. Trump is lining up veteran members of the Republican foreign policy establishment to endorse his choice for secretary of state, Rex Tillerson, above. Mr. Tillerson, the Exxon Mobil chief executive, faces sharp scrutiny over his ties to President Vladimir V. Putin and the billions of dollars his company has at stake over United States sanctions against Russia. Mr. Trump also picked Rick Perry, the former Texas governor, to oversee the country’s aging nuclear arsenal as head of the Energy Department  —   an agency Mr. Perry has suggested abolishing while forgetting its name. Here’s the latest on the transition. _____ 3. Russia, Turkey and Syrian rebel groups reached an agreement for rebels to leave their last pockets of territory in the ravaged city of Aleppo. Evacuations were expected to begin shortly, leaving the city fully in the hands of government forces, a definitive victory. But there was confusion over whether the deal would assure safe passage for civilians, scores of whom have been shot in the streets, according to the U. N. Above, the remains of the Umayyad Mosque. _____ 4. Looking ahead: The Federal Reserve meets Wednesday amid near certainty that it will raise its benchmark interest rate. Our analyst cautions that Mr. Trump’s stimulus plan may overheat the economy and prompt a rapid series of rate increases. As part of his quest to create jobs, Mr. Trump plans to meet with tech leaders, including Elon Musk of Tesla, above, Timothy D. Cook of Apple and Jeff Bezos of Amazon. _____ 5. The latest contract between Major League Baseball and the players’ union bans a hazing ritual inflicted on rookies: forcing them to dress in drag, as Hooters waitresses or cheerleaders, for instance. The contract bars offensive costumes of any kind or requiring rookies to consume alcohol. Making them fetch coffee or go on snack runs will still be permitted. _____ 6. Fracking can contaminate drinking water, an Environmental Protection Agency study concluded, reversing an earlier finding. The comprehensive report comes as the incoming Trump administration plans to expand fracking and to install an opponent of regulation as the E. P. A. head. _____ 7. Meet Waymo.  Google’s parent company spun off its   car project into its own company, a major step toward a commercial fleet. In another potential transportation milestone, federal highway regulators proposed rules that would require all cars and trucks to broadcast data to one another about their speed, location and direction in order to avert accidents. _____ 8. A child sex abuse scandal is exploding across British soccer. Since Andrew Woodward became the first professional player in Britain to go public with his account of repeated rapes by a childhood coach, at least 20 former players have come forward. One, above left, was comforted by Mr. Woodward. The police are investigating the possibility of hundreds of victims at 98 soccer clubs, from the amateur ranks to the Premier League. _____ 9. Plan ahead. “Rogue One: A Star Wars Story” opens nationwide on Friday, with projections of one of the biggest December debuts. No spoilers in the ordinary sense here, but our reviewer’s take is unforgiving  —   the film’s pleasures are “meager and disposable. ” Intent on going? There are some good reviews out there too. _____ 10. One of our   articles today looks at the future of political comedy, and how   Al Franken, the onetime “Saturday Night Live” star turned Democratic senator, is confronting the incoming administration. “Donald Trump never laughs,” he said. _____ 11. Finally, the U. N. ended its   designation of a cartoon superhero as its ambassador for women and girls. A spokesman said that Wonder Woman’s   tenure was not unusual, noting the brief duration of other honorary ambassadorships, including the single day the “Angry Birds” character Red presided on climate issues. _____ Photographs may appear out of order for some readers. Viewing this version of the briefing should help. Your Evening Briefing is posted at 6 p. m. Eastern. And don’t miss Your Morning Briefing, posted weekdays at 6 a. m. Eastern, and Your Weekend Briefing, posted at 6 a. m. Sundays. Want to look back? Here’s last night’s briefing. What did you like? What do you want to see here? Let us know at briefing@nytimes. com.",0
15364,"Malick Sidibé, Photographer Known for Social Reportage in Mali, Dies at 80 - The New York Times","Malick Sidibé, whose    photographs of young partygoers captured the exuberance of newly independent Mali in the 1960s and ’70s and made him one of Africa’s most celebrated artists after his work was shown abroad in the 1990s, died on Thursday in Bamako, Mali. He was 80. His son Karim Sidibé said the cause was complications of diabetes, The Associated Press reported. Mr. Sidibé started out taking pictures at weddings and christenings in the 1950s, using a Kodak Brownie camera, but after opening his own studio he branched out into a more ambitious form of social reporting. He attended   parties at which young Malians, dressed to the nines, danced the twist, the rumba and the merengue to the Beatles, James Brown and   music. This was Mali’s youthquake, and Mr. Sidibé was its photographic witness. “For me, photography is all about youth,” he told The Daily Telegraph of London in 2008. “It’s about a happy world full of joy, not some kid crying on a street corner or a sick person. ” His   photographs, surrounded by a brown tape border, were intended to be kept as souvenirs or sent as postcards. But after Western collectors discovered his work in the 1990s, they began presenting it, in enlarged sizes, in galleries and museums in Europe and the United States. He quickly became, with the older Seydou Keita, Mali’s most famous photographer and an international star. Mr. Sidibé was the first African to receive the Hasselblad Award, in 2003, and at the 2007 Venice Biennale he received the Golden Lion Award for Lifetime Achievement, the first given to either a photographer or an African artist. “He really changed the way Westerners look at Africa,” said Jack Shainman, whose Manhattan gallery currently has an exhibition of Mr. Sidibé’s work. (It runs through next Saturday.) “He captured the newfound freedom after colonialism  —   that time, and that moment,” he said. Malick Sidibé was born in 1935 or 1936 in Soloba, a village in what was then French Sudan. He grew up in an extended family of 60 and herded sheep and cattle for his father. He was chosen by the village chief to be the first child in his family to attend school, a white institution in Yanfolila, where he learned French. His skill at drawing with charcoal earned him a place at the Sudan School for Craftsmen (now the National Arts Institute) where he was trained as a jewelry maker. A French expatriate photographer, Gérard   hired Mr. Sidibé to decorate his combined studio and shop, Photo Service Boutique, and then took him on as an apprentice. While running the cash register and delivering photographs to customers, Mr. Sidibé closely observed Mr. Guillat and absorbed the fundamentals of photography. Before long, he started working commercially. “I did the African events, the photos of Africans, and he did the European events  —   the major balls, official events,” Mr. Sidibé told the photography website gwinzegal. com in 2008. After going out on his own, he created Studio Malick in 1958, where he specialized in portrait photography with his own distinctive touch. He coaxed his subjects into more informal poses that gave his work a lively, vibrant quality. Tonally bold and beautifully composed, they often showed subjects glorying in a new possession  —   a sheep or a motorcycle  —   or showing off in modern clothes. “Generally, women come to get photographed as soon as they have a new hairdo or purchase a trendy piece of jewelry: a bracelet, a necklace, a handbag,” Mr. Sidibé told The Los Angeles Times in 2002. “For men, it’s when they buy a new bicycle or motorcycle. ” He found a rich subject in the parties and dances put on by social clubs with names like the Sputniks, the Black Socks and Las Vegas. On some nights, he would attend four parties, one after the other, photographing young Malians able, for the first time, to dance close together. “At that time, young people were very motivated,” he told the French newspaper Libération in 1995. “Every Saturday night you had to dress elegantly. People would plan their outfits all week long. To make an impression, you had to be impeccable, with a trouser crease so sharp you could cut off the head of a chicken with it. ” He later produced a portrait series called “Vue de Dos,” which showed women with their backs turned to the camera. In the early 1990s, when he had turned to camera repair work to earn a living, Mr. Sidibé was discovered by the photographer Françoise Huguier and by André Magnin, a curator who had been sent to West Africa by Jean Pigozzi, a French collector. Mr. Magnin organized an exhibition of Mr. Sidibé’s work at the Cartier Foundation for Contemporary Art in Paris, and a   book appeared soon after. In 1999, Jeffrey Deitch showed Mr. Sidibé’s party photos in Manhattan in the show “The Clubs of Bamako. ” A documentary about him, “Dolce Vita Africana,” was shown on British television in 2008. He is survived by three wives and 17 children. As he grew older, Mr. Sidibé stopped going to the parties, unable to blend in, but he remained sentimental about the era and the free and easy way that young Malians of all classes mingled on the dance floor. “I loved the music and the atmosphere, but above all I loved the dancers,” he told The Telegraph. “The moments when young people dance and play as though the stars belong to them  —   that’s what I loved the most. ”",0
15365,WATCH: Netanyahu in Singapore Calls for ’World of Tolerance’,"CNBC reports:  In the first visit to Singapore by an Israeli head of state in 30 years, Israel Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu on Monday issued a call for greater diversity and tolerance. [Netanyahu gave a roughly   speech to Jewish community members gathered at the tightly guarded Maghain Aboth Synagogue, built in Singapore in the late 1800s. Netanyahu spoke of his recent visits to   countries Azerbaijan and Kazakhstan, noting that he visited a synagogue in the latter.  “Jewish children in Kazakhstan were singing Hebrew songs as they sang here, in a Muslim state and that reflects the kind of world we like to see: a world of tolerance, a world of diversity as opposed to the world that is being challenged today by the forces of barbarism and intolerance,” he said. “This is a battle for the future of humanity. ” Read more here.",0
15366,Irony alert! What’s Paul Krugman trying to say about the election with this James Comey slam?,"Irony alert! What’s Paul Krugman trying to say about the election with this James Comey slam? Posted at 3:07   Share on Facebook Share on Twitter 
FBI Director James Comey’s announcement that the   email would continue in light of new information. Going to be fun watching people who said ""rigging"" talk was an attack on our democracy now attack the integrity of the FBI. 
— Jason C. (@CounterMoonbat) October 28, 2016 
As we reported earlier, Paul Krugman was among the lefties who thought the FBI director’s decision and how it was handled was “shameful.” Krugman also added this: If we don't hear more from Comey, we just have to conclude that he was trying to swing election. And *that* should be the story. 
— Paul Krugman (@paulkrugman) October 28, 2016 
Is that so? In other words: @paulkrugman You mean it's rigged, nutboy?",0
15367,Comment on Get Ready For Civil Unrest: Survey Finds That Most Americans Are Concerned About Election Violence by Boriqua ConHambrre,"Posted on October 27, 2016 by Michael Snyder 
Could we see violence no matter who wins on November 8th? Let’s hope that it doesn’t happen, but as you will see below, anti-Trump violence is already sweeping the nation. If Trump were to actually win the election, that would likely send the radical left into a violent post-election temper tantrum unlike anything that we have ever seen before. Alternatively, there is a tremendous amount of concern on the right that this election could be stolen by Hillary Clinton . And as I showed yesterday, it appears that voting machines in Texas are already switching votes from Donald Trump to Hillary Clinton . If Hillary Clinton wins this election under suspicious circumstances, that also may be enough to set off widespread civil unrest all across the country. 
At this moment there is less than two weeks to go until November 8th, and a brand new survey has found that a majority of Americans are concerned “about the possibility of violence” on election day… 
A 51% majority of likely voters express at least some concern about the possibility of violence on Election Day; one in five are “very concerned.” Three of four say they have confidence that the United States will have the peaceful transfer of power that has marked American democracy for more than 200 years, but just 40% say they are “very confident” about that. 
More than four in 10 of Trump supporters say they won’t recognize the legitimacy of Clinton as president, if she prevails, because they say she wouldn’t have won fair and square. 
But many on the left are not waiting until after the election to commit acts of violence. On Wednesday, Donald Trump’s star on the Walk of Fame was smashed into pieces by a man with a sledgehammer and a pick-ax… 
Donald Trump took a lot of hits today, and not just in the Presidential race. With less than two weeks to go before America decides if the ex- Apprentice host will pull off a surprise victory over Hillary Clinton, Trump’s star on the Hollywood Walk of Fame was destroyed early Wednesday morning by a man dressed as a city construction worker and wielding a sledgehammer and pick-ax in what looks to be a Tinseltown first. 
And there were two other instances earlier this year when Donald Trump’s star was also vandalized. One came in January, and the other happened in June … 
This is of course not the first time the GOP candidate’s star has been attacked or defaced since Trump announced his White House bid in summer 2015. The most extreme measure was a reverse swastika being sprayed on the star at 6801 Hollywood Blvd in late January. In June this summer, a mute sign was painted on Trump’s star in a seemingly protest against the antagonistic language and policies some have accused Trump of promoting and reveling in during the campaign. In both cases, Trump’s star was quickly cleaned and back as new within a day. 
We have seen anti-Trump violence on the east coast as well. Earlier this month, s omeone decided to firebomb the Republican Party headquarters in Orange County, North Carolina . On the building next to the headquarters, someone spray-painted “Nazi Republicans get out of town or else” along with a swastika. 
There have also been other disturbing incidents of anti-Trump violence all over the nation in recent days. A recent Lifezette article put together quite a long list, and the following is just a short excerpt from that piece… 
On Oct. 15 in Bangor, Maine, vandals spray-painted about 20 parked cars outside a Trump rally. Trump supporter Paul Foster, whose van was hit with white paint, told reporters, “Why can’t they do a peaceful protest instead of painting cars, all of this, to make their statement?” 
Around Oct. 3, a couple of Trump supporters were assaulted in Zeitgeist, a San Francisco bar, after they were allegedly refused service for expressing support for Trump, GotNews reports. “The two Trump supporters were attacked, punched, and chased into the street by ‘some thugs’ that a barmaid called out from the back.” Lilian Kim of ABC 7 Bay Area tweeted a photo of the men, in which one was wearing a Trump T-shirt and the other was wearing a “Blue Lives Matter” shirt. 
On Sept. 28 in El Cajon, California, an angry mob at a Black Lives Matter protest beat 21-year-old Trump supporter Feras Jabro for wearing a “Make America Great Again” baseball cap. The assault was broadcast live using the smartphone app Periscope. 
There is a move to get Trump supporters to wear red on election day, but in many parts of America that might just turn his supporters into easy targets. Let’s certainly hope that we don’t see the kind of violent confrontations at voting locations that many experts are anticipating. 
Of course there are also many on the right that are fighting mad, and a Hillary Clinton victory under suspicious circumstances may be enough to push them over the edge. 
For example, this week former Congressman Joe Walsh said that he is “grabbing my musket” if Donald Trump loses the election… 
Former Rep. Joe Walsh appeared to call for armed revolution Wednesday if Donald Trump is not elected president. 
Walsh, a former tea party congressman from Illinois who is now a conservative talk radio host, tweeted, “On November 8th, I’m voting for Trump. On November 9th, if Trump loses, I’m grabbing my musket. You in?” 
And without a doubt, many ordinary Americans are stocking up on guns and ammunition just in case Hillary Clinton is victorious. The following comes from USA Today … 
“Since the polls are starting to shift quite a bit towards Hillary Clinton, I’ve been buying a lot more ammunition,” says Rick Darling, 69, an engineer from Harrison Township, in Michigan’s Detroit suburbs. In a follow-up phone interview after being surveyed, the Trump supporter said he fears progressives will want to “declare martial law and take our guns away” after the election. 
Today America is more divided than I have ever seen it before, and the mainstream media is constantly fueling the hatred and the anger that various groups feel toward one another. 
Ironically, Donald Trump has been working very hard to bring America together. In fact, he is solidly on track to win a higher percentage of the black vote than any Republican presidential candidate since 1960 . 
If Hillary Clinton and the Democrats win on November 8th, things will not go well for Hillary Clinton’s political enemies. The Clintons used the power of the White House to go after their enemies the first time around, and Hillary is even more angry and more bitter now than she was back then. 
And the radical left is very clear about who their enemies are. This is something that I discussed on national television earlier this month … 
As I write this, it is difficult for me to even imagine how horrible a Hillary Clinton presidency would be. 
But at this point that appears to be the most likely outcome . 
Out of all the candidates that we could have chosen, the American people are about to put the most evil one by far into the White House. 
Perhaps Donald Trump can still pull off a miracle and we can avoid that fate, but time is rapidly slipping away and November 8th will be here before we know it. Don't forget to follow the D.C. Clothesline on Facebook and Twitter. PLEASE help spread the word by sharing our articles on your favorite social networks. Share this:",0
15368,Boom! Former Secretary of Defense Canada puts bomb under corrupt banking system!,"Posted by Madeline | Oct 26, 2016 | 2016 , Daily Blog | 0 | Thanks Gre!
Bovendien 
Former Defense Minister of Canada, Paul Hellyer, has filed a lawsuit along with several others at the State Canada on the CETA treaty. CETA stands for comprehensive economic and trade agreement, a trade which are entered according to prosecutors constitutional and international rights of people with feet. Paul Hellyer called the treaty therefore Comprehensive Trade and Takeover Agreement. With this convention, which comes out of the hat of the international bankers, 62 families will obtain control over almost the entire world. Constitutions of member countries will no longer apply, only the will of the 62 families (the elite) will apply. 
The lawsuit was officially filed on October 21 of this year and actually consists of four 
namely separate indictments; the federal government does not have the constitutional authority to sign, execute and implement treaties without the express prior authority of Parliament through an Act of Parliament 
the federal government has no constitutional right to sign CETA and / or perform without having this treaty first by the Parliament through official channels. (2) the solid majority of the CETA articles and Their Impact encroach on exclusive Provincial spheres or forum-protected by the division of powers under the Constitution Act, 1867 
Most of the CETA provisions and their impact undermine exclusive legal rights protected by the Canadian Constitutional Law, 1867 the CETA gouge and extinguishes the constitutionally protected Judiciary in Canada by creating foreign tribunals to determining property and legal issues in Canada without any judicial oversight or Jurisdiction of the Canadian Courts over the disputes; and 
CETA removes the constitutional legal system by setting foreign tribunals have to judge between property and other legal issues without overlooked may be the Canadian legal system, and various articles of the CETA violate constitutional enshrined rights in the Charter of Rights and Freedoms , and over-rides Charter Guarantees That ground Canada’s ability to mount public programs on Health, Education, Social Services, and public utilities-including the elimination of subsidies, monopolies, and state enterprises for public welfare. In short, the treaty places the rights of private foreign investors about Those of the Canadian Constitution and Canadian citizens. 
various provisions of CETA violated constitutional built-rights enshrined in the document Charter of Rights and Freedoms and transcend guaranteed rights that Canada has the opportunity to develop public programs in the fields of health, education, social services and public funds, including the termination of subsidies , monopolies and state enterprises for the public interest. In short, the treaty puts the interests of private foreign companies over those of the Canadian constitution and its inhabitants. 
But this is not all! Paul Hellyer, which is so you can immediately see and hear his call to Canadians and the rest of the world, his mind has put on the roll of the largest crime syndicate has ever known the world, the international bankers, international intertwined the main industries in which the owners of the revenues come from only 62 families. 
Paul Hellyer remembers the Canada which was separate from the bankers, yet not so long ago. Until 1974 the Canadian government expressed its money itself, there was no such thing as inflation, poverty and debt. Canada was one of the largest financiers behind the allies that Europe was liberated from the Germans at that time. Life was good, cheap and everyone had enough money to do the things they wanted to do. From one day to the issued money creation in 1974 the central banks and money was no longer free. Within a few years, Canada had a huge debt that is recovered just as us on the civilian population through numerous taxes. Paul Hellyer has evidence that this happened in unconstitutional manner and wants to decide turn back to Canada to give it right back himself pressing her money to spend. This affects every Canadian citizen a large sum of money to free education, health, housing, etc. can be paid without causing debts. Paul Hellyer does the same as Foundation for Our Money aims but in a turbo version! He lets no grass grow, does not perform educational skits for the people who maintain this crime for years, Paul Hellyer goes straight for the scapegoat. 
Now the video of Paul Hellyer where he explains personally exactly what is going on and how they want to approach this. 
Dear readers. This could be the big break. This information should be shared very broadly as to all countries under the thumb are the bankers, the same applies. We can deliver all of this unfair system where our benefit only a handful of people. The power over the creation of money is a sovereign matter since no one has more to do with it. We want a better and fairer world, then this is the opportunity that everyone has been waiting for! 
Privatized money is the reason for all wars, privatized money is the cause of poverty, oppression, exploitation, neglect of our elderly and less fortunate. Privatized money is the root of all evil on this beautiful planet. Now is the chance to get out from under the yoke, to stand up for the future of ourselves and our children. Now is the chance to rid the world of those people who make a huge mess for over 100 years with one goal, to keep the creation of money in their hands and with it the power over almost anything this planet has to offer. 
The Earth is not a handful of bankers and politicians, the earth belongs to everyone!",0
15369,The Fed’s Era of Easy Money Is Ending - The New York Times,"When the Federal Reserve made its first tentative step toward ending its era of extraordinary monetary intervention, it earned a nickname: the taper tantrum. Global financial markets metaphorically bawled like a toddler on news that the Fed planned on “tapering” its stimulus program. That was nearly four years ago. Ever since, the Fed has moved to decrease access to easy money with the caution of a technician defusing a powerful bomb. After raising its   target above   levels in December 2015, the Fed waited a full year before doing so again, the slowest pace of rate increases in the modern history of the central bank. But the era in which the Fed has moved so gingerly toward tighter money looks to be ending this week. Under the chairwoman, Janet Yellen, the Fed is likely to raise its target interest rate a quarter of a percentage point on Wednesday  —   a mere three months after the last one. It will probably signal that two more rate increases, barring economic setbacks, are on the way in 2017. It’s not the policy alone that is striking. Over several days this month, half a dozen senior Fed officials made public comments that suggested greater collective confidence and unanimity that the economy can handle tighter money than has been on display since the onset of the financial crisis nearly a decade ago. Fed officials seem to believe that the United States economy is nearing its full economic potential, that the expansion is more sturdy than it was just a year ago, and that inflation is closing in on the 2 percent mark that the Fed aims for. The advent of unified Republican control of Congress and the White House also brings the possibility of tax cuts and other stimulative measures that would mean the economy needs less support from low interest rates to keep growing. “Recent developments suggest that the macro economy may be at a transition,” said Lael Brainard, a Fed governor, in a March 1 speech, describing a situation of “full employment within reach, signs of progress on our inflation mandate, and a favorable shift in the balance of risks at home and abroad. ” Making the comments all the more notable: Ms. Brainard was perhaps the Fed’s most vocal advocate of caution on rate increases just a year ago, arguing that geopolitical risks loomed large. But something deeper may be afoot than just an improvement in the economic data. In both their tone and actions, Fed officials are displaying greater confidence that they know where the economy is heading  —   namely that it is converging on a state of full employment and inflation near their 2 percent target. “We are seeing an evolution away from a tactical approach toward a strategic approach,” said Mohamed   chief economic adviser at Allianz. “Their stance now is that they will focus on the destination, not the journey, and that they will lead markets rather than be led by markets. ” Indeed, the biggest contrast with this time a year ago is that financial markets seem to believe it. At the start of 2016, Fed officials were envisioning raising rates four times over the course of the year, but bond market prices suggested investors weren’t buying it and thought only one or two rate increases were on the way. The markets were right. With some weak economic data and tumbling oil prices and volatile stock markets, the Fed stayed its hand. The start of 2017 could hardly feel more different. Stock markets are booming, as are measures of consumer and business confidence. Economic data, including jobs numbers Friday, have been solid. Investors see a 60 percent chance that the Fed will raise rates three or more times this year, based on prices in futures markets Friday. This time, in other words, the market actually believes the Fed will follow through with its plans to gradually raise rates. One piece of evidence is that Fed officials, during the week of Feb. 27 to March 3, confidently signaled that a March 15 rate increase was imminent. By doing so before the February jobs report was released, they were making clear that even if that report had been soft, they were committed to rate increases. The officials appear to have plotted a course to raise rates a few times a year with expectations of reaching the   neutral rate  —   at which monetary policy is neither stimulating nor slowing the economy  —   near the end of 2019. As of their December meeting, Fed leaders think that neutral rate is 3 percent. But at the Fed, the momentum now evident in the economy feels hard won, and officials may be reluctant to risk it by tightening the monetary spigots prematurely. Even if the central bank’s most recent forecasts become reality, it will represent a historically slow pattern of monetary tightening  —   four years to raise interest rates by about three percentage points. In the 1994 cycle, engineered by the chairman Alan Greenspan, a rate rise of that scale happened in just 13 months. The big question for the months ahead is what it would take to change direction once again. Would a new soft patch in the economic data, a new bout of market turbulence or a new crisis lead Chairwoman Yellen and her colleagues to again retreat to the    school of   increases? “I do think there’s some greater willingness to tolerate some shortfall in the data compared to expectations,” said David Stockton, a senior fellow at the Peterson Institute for International Economics and a former Fed official. “They are exhibiting more confidence in the economy, but that doesn’t mean that confidence couldn’t dissipate in the face of some scary event. ” The new, more confident,    Fed will last, in other words, as long as events allow it to.",0
15370,Millennial Entrepreneurs Give Sleepy Montevideo a Fresh Jolt - The New York Times,"On a recent afternoon in Montevideo, a young couple approached the counter at Futuro Refuerzos, a snug sandwich shop that features artisanal breads,   spreads and locally sourced meats. The woman was wearing a   felt halt and carried a vintage leather handbag the man sported tousled curls, forearm tattoos and skinny jeans. There was nothing remarkable about this scene  —   stylish   ordering gourmet sandwiches in a   rustic space  —   except that it unfolded in a destination that has seemed immune to hipsterdom. Montevideo, the capital of Uruguay, is almost invariably described as     and  . But in the past few years, an energetic cadre of entrepreneurs with social media proficiency and a keen awareness of global trends has begun to breathe fresh life into this traditionally sleepy South American city. Most are design and   millennials who are opening up restaurants and boutiques, organizing street festivals and supper clubs, and daring to stand out in a society that has typically rewarded modesty. “Thanks in part to social media, young Uruguayans have a global   and are very motivated,” said Mónica Zanocchi, the founder of a popular fashion and lifestyle blog called Couture. “There are a lot of creative professionals entering the work force, and since established companies can’t absorb all of this new talent, they end up becoming entrepreneurs. ” Futuro Refuerzos is led by Fermín Solana, a food writer and rock musician who grew frustrated with the lack of options in Montevideo. “There was nowhere to eat a decent sandwich beyond the old places that make chivitos,” he said, referring to the traditional steak sandwiches that are offered in neighborhood joints or local   chains. “I looked at Santiago and Lima, where the sandwiches are incredible, and decided to take a risk. ” Soon after opening in late 2015, Futuro Refuerzos had garnered a following thanks to creations like “gol,” handmade pita filled with spiced meatballs, sweet blood sausage and red cabbage. Mr. Solana is part of a group of young restaurateurs and chefs fueling the city’s small but growing foodie circuit, which right now includes over a dozen restaurants, cafes and specialty stores (until recently, Montevidean epicures spoke of living in a culinary wasteland, so this is a noticeable improvement). There is Estrecho, a tiny restaurant in the historic district with simple décor belying a sophisticated lunchtime menu prepared by Cali Diemarch, a chef trained in the United States who invents his daily dishes on the fly, such as a deconstructed chivito made with filet mignon, poached egg, caramelized pancetta and fried onions. La Pasionaria, a concept store and restaurant on a quiet nearby street, recently welcomed a new young chef, Luciana Fia, who makes pasta, ice cream and other food by hand, using fresh, local ingredients. At Sucré Salé Bistro, a casual spot near downtown, on the back patio of the Alliance Française de Montevideo, Florencia Ibarra often sneaks refined dishes like rabbit in mustard sauce with boulangère potatoes into her unfussy   menu. Leading the pack is the   and   Jacinto, headed by Lucía Soria, an alumna of the famed Argentine chef Francis Mallmann. Ms. Soria frequently appears on television, participates in food festivals like Degusto and headlines as the top guest chef in supper clubs like Mesabrava. “Finally, we have good places to eat, good live music and a generation of people who are breaking away from the old molds,” Mr. Solana said. “I think the city’s lighting up. ” Montevideo’s new vibe is closely linked to fashion and interior design, as seen in a surge of shops selling locally made clothes, accessories and home accents. Last year, one of the most dynamic new labels, Rotunda, unveiled a sleek multistory boutique in the Punta Carretas neighborhood, complete with its own photography studio, where the owners, Kevin Jakter and Sofía Dominguez, showcase their expanding line of minimalist women’s clothing, eyewear, shoes, and jewelry. Ten blocks away in the residential and commercial district of Pocitos, a trendy multibrand store, Tienda, sells   labels like Pastiche, which specializes in   denim, and Mutma, a maker of leather shoes and handbags. Casa Baném, a home décor store set in a   villa in upscale Carraco, also stocks a variety of homegrown brands like Don Baez, known for its throws and pillows made with Uruguayan merino wool, and Home Touch, which makes   lighting. This design boom can be gauged at MoWeek, the local fashion week held in April and October, which began in 2010 with six showrooms and now includes more than 60. “They’re all independent brands started by a new generation, which is impressive,” Ms. Zanocchi of Couture said. “Montevideo is still quiet, but there are some very interesting alternative scenes that are seeping into the mainstream. ”",0
15371,Dr. Duke and Pastor Dankof quote Jews Boasting of Jewish Media Power.,"Share: 
Dr. Duke and Pastor Dankof quote Jews Boasting of Jewish Media Power. 
Today Dr. Duke had Reverend Mark Dankof as his guest for the hour. They presented a combination of new information and past proclamations by leading Jewish authors that demonstrates beyond a shadow of a doubt not just the Jewish domination of the media but also the nefarious ends that they are pursuing. They document everything from the news media to the porn industry, all of which are designed to weaken traditional white Christian morality, identity, and solidarity. 
Rev. Dankof quoted an article by former Reagan Administration Assistant Treasury Secretary Paul Craig Roberts that goes farther than he has ever done before in identifying the Jewish nature of the power establishment in America, the very same establishment that is fighting President-elect Trump tooth and nail. There seems to be the start of a sea change in which people are becoming more willing to point out that the emperor has no clothes. 
This is probably the most powerful show Dr. Duke has ever done on Jewish domination of the media. Anyone you share it with will be jolted wide awake. 

Our show is aired live at 11 am replayed at ET 4pm Eastern and 4am Eastern.",0
15372,"Sweeping Health Measure, Backed by Obama, Passes Senate - The New York Times","WASHINGTON  —   The Senate approved complex health care legislation on Wednesday that would increase funding for disease research, address weaknesses in the nation’s mental health systems and vastly alter the regulatory system for drugs and medical devices. The vote sealed a final legislative victory for President Obama, who strongly supported the bill against objections from many liberal Democrats and consumer groups. In many ways the bill, known as the 21st Century Cures Act, is a return to a more classic approach to legislation, with policy victories and some disappointments for both parties, and potential benefits for nearly every American whose life has been touched by illness, drug addiction and mental health issues. Years in the making, the measure passed 94 to 5 after being overwhelmingly approved by the House last week. One major winner  —   and a donor to both parties  —   was the pharmaceutical industry its role set off fierce but futile opposition by Senator Elizabeth Warren, Democrat of Massachusetts. On many of the areas addressed by the bill, pharmaceutical companies were in step with the interests of patients desperate for cures, an unusual and emotionally charged alliance between an industry and its consumers. The bill was a test of Ms. Warren’s muscle, exercised from the far left of the Senate Democratic caucus, and it is one that did not go well. “I will fight it,” she said of the bill last week on the Senate floor, “because I know the difference between compromise and extortion. ” In the end, however, not a single member of her home state, which has many medical research centers joined her. Nor did anyone else apart from three other   senators  —   Bernie Sanders of Vermont and Ron Wyden and Jeff Merkley, both of Oregon  —   and Senator Mike Lee, Republican of Utah. The measure would benefit people with mental illness and chronic diseases, biomedical researchers, pregnant women, hospitals, children with diabetes, people addicted to opioid drugs, children who are bullied, and those who are gravely ill. “I doubt that there is a family in America who will not be touched by this important legislation,” said Senator Susan Collins, Republican of Maine. In a statement issued after the Senate vote, Mr. Obama said, “The Cures Act makes important investments that will save lives. ” “This is a reminder of what we can do when we look out for one another,” the president said. “Like Joe Biden and so many other Americans, I’ve lost people I love deeply to cancer. I’ve heard often from those whose loved ones are suffering from Alzheimer’s, addiction and other debilitating diseases. Their heartbreak is real, and so we have a responsibility to respond with real solutions. This bill will make a big difference, and I look forward to signing it as soon as it reaches my desk. ” Mr. Obama has noted that the bill includes money to combat the opioid epidemic, to advance his Precision Medicine Initiative, which aims to collect genetic data on one million American volunteers so scientists can develop treatments, and to support Vice President Joseph R. Biden Jr. ’s “moonshot” to cure cancer. Mr. Biden  —   whose son, Beau, died of a brain tumor last year  —   presided on a procedural vote to move the bill forward in the Senate Monday night, a moving moment for most members of the Senate. While Republicans and Democrats often fight over government spending, the bill benefited from its largess to one agency that has broad support, the National Institutes of Health. “I don’t think there is enough money that we can put into the N. I. H. ,” said Representative Steve Cohen, Democrat of Tennessee, “because it is important and it affects all Americans independent of political party, race, sexual orientation  —   you name it. ” The bill gives the health institutes the authority to finance     research using special procurement procedures, as opposed to more conventional grants and contracts. It also requires the agency’s director to establish “Eureka prize” competitions to advance biomedical research and improve treatments for serious illnesses. The bill raises the status of mental health issues by creating a new assistant secretary for mental health and substance use, to be appointed by the president. It directs federal agencies to step up enforcement of laws that require equal insurance coverage for mental and physical illnesses. Federal laws and rules requiring mental health parity have been adopted with bipartisan support over the last 20 years, but a White House task force found recently that compliance was lagging. “We didn’t get everything we needed,’” said Representative Tim Murphy, Republican of Pennsylvania, the architect of provisions to improve the treatment of mental illness, “but we needed everything we got. ” Major provisions of the bill push the Food and Drug Administration to speed the review and approval of drugs and medical devices. Kim Monk of Capital Alpha Partners, a policy research firm for investors, described the bill as “a holiday win for much of the health sector. ” Scott Whitaker, president and chief executive of the Advanced Medical Technology Association, a trade group for device makers, hailed the bill for creating “an expedited pathway for breakthrough medical technologies  —   those that offer the best hope for patients with   diseases” and few treatment options. In reviewing new devices, the bill says, the F. D. A. shall consider the “least burdensome” means of showing their safety. In considering whether to approve new drugs or new uses for medications, the bill says, the F. D. A. shall pay more attention to “patient experience data” showing the impact of a disease or treatment on patients’ lives, and their treatment preferences. The legislation does not include provisions to rein in prescription drug prices, a significant victory for the pharmaceutical industry. Consultants to the industry said that drug makers had kept a low profile in their lobbying on the legislation, knowing that any conversations on Capitol Hill could turn quickly to drug prices. “When the cost of our prescription drugs is skyrocketing, this bill does nothing to combat excessive prices,” said Representative Rosa DeLauro of Connecticut, the senior Democrat on the Appropriations subcommittee on health and human services. She voted against the measure. “While the bill authorizes $4. 8 billion to the N. I. H. over the next 10 years  —   on average, a mere $480 million a year  —   this is barely a quarter per year of what the House passed last year,” Ms. DeLauro said. “There is also no guarantee that the appropriators will follow through and provide funding each year. ” Representative Kathy Castor, Democrat of Florida, who voted for the bill, said she too wished that more of the money had been guaranteed. “Medical research in America today should not be subject to the whims of congressional budget battles or political fights,” she said.",0
15373,Turkey Rounds Up Thousands of Military Personnel - The New York Times,"ISTANBUL  —   Turkey’s government, rallying behind its defiant leader, rounded up thousands of military personnel on Saturday who were said to have taken part in an attempted coup, moving swiftly to   control after a night of chaos and intrigue that left hundreds dead. By midday, there were few signs that those who had taken part in the coup attempt were still able to challenge the government, and many officials declared the uprising a failure. President Recep Tayyip Erdogan, speaking to hundreds of   supporters outside his home in Istanbul on Saturday evening, declared that “the strong aren’t always right, but the right are always strong. ” He called on the United States to arrest an exile living in Pennsylvania who Mr. Erdogan claimed was behind the coup attempt. As the insurrection unfolded Friday night, beginning with the seizing of two bridges in Istanbul by military forces, Mr. Erdogan was not heard from for hours. He finally addressed the nation from an undisclosed location, speaking on his cellphone’s FaceTime app  —   a dramatic scene that seemed to suggest a man on the verge of losing power. But in the early hours of Saturday, he landed in Istanbul, and steadily found his voice again, lashing out at his opponents, and one in particular. Mr. Erdogan placed blame for the intrigue on the followers of Fethullah Gulen, a Muslim cleric living in exile in Pennsylvania, who was the president’s ally until a bitter falling out three years ago. Mr. Gulen’s followers were known to have a strong presence in Turkey’s police and judiciary, but less so in the military. On Saturday morning, Mr. Erdogan said, referring to Mr. Gulen, “I have a message for Pennsylvania: You have engaged in enough treason against this nation. If you dare, come back to your country. ” On Saturday evening, Mr. Erdogan, standing atop a bus outside his home, pressed this theme in a thundering message to his supporters, calling on the United States to arrest Mr. Gulen and send him back to Turkey. Even before Mr. Erdogan’s speech, the gist of which American officials have heard before, Secretary of State John Kerry said Saturday that he would listen to any inquiries Turkey might have about the cleric. “We fully anticipate that there will be questions raised about Mr. Gulen,” he said. In a statement released on the website of his group, Alliance for Shared Values, and in an interview with The New York Times on Saturday, Mr. Gulen condemned the coup, denied any link to it and expressed support for the democratic process, saying that “through military intervention, democracy cannot be achieved. ” Prime Minister Binali Yildirim, calling the insurrection “a stain in the history of democracy,” put the death toll in the clashes at 265, including civilians,   forces and troops involved in the coup attempt, and said 1, 440 people had been wounded. He added that 2, 839 military personnel had been detained. Later in the day, Defense Minister Fikri Isik said that the state authorities were in full control of all areas in Turkey but that vigilance was required. “We have prevented the coup,” Mr. Isik said, “but it is too soon to say that the danger is over. ” Noting the intensity of the violence that had erupted, Mr. Erdogan said that Turkish fighter jets had bombed tanks on the streets of Ankara, and that a military helicopter being used by the coup plotters had been shot down. There was also a battle early Saturday at Turkey’s intelligence headquarters in Ankara, which government forces later secured, and a Turkish official said the intelligence chief, Hakan Fidan, had been taken to a secure location. In a news briefing on Saturday, Turkey’s top military officer, Gen. Umit Dundar, the acting head of the general staff, said that “the coup attempt was rejected by the chain of command immediately. ” “The people have taken to the streets and voiced their support for democracy,” he said, adding that “the nation will never forget this betrayal. ” General Dundar emphasized that only a small minority within the military, including members of the air force, a   police force and armored units, had revolted. “The army is ours,” Mr. Erdogan said Saturday night. “I am the chief commander. ” Supporters of the government demonstrated in Istanbul and other cities on Saturday night, chanting their disdain for the coup attempt as drivers honked their horns. “We will not fall, everything for our country,” some people shouted as they waved large Turkish flags in the air. Even as it appeared that the elected government had   control, many questions remained, including who was behind the plot and what   damage had been done to the political system of Turkey, a NATO ally and important partner to the United States in the fight against the Islamic State. Much of the violence overnight related to the coup attempt was in Ankara, where different branches of the security forces fought one another over control of government buildings, including the Parliament building, where several explosions were reported. Early Saturday, soldiers surrendered on a bridge that traverses the Bosporus, one of two bridges that the military shut down as the coup attempt began Friday evening. Footage showed abandoned military clothing and helmets along the bridge. The government also moved on a military school in Istanbul, arresting dozens. Disciplinary actions extended to the judicial system on Saturday as an oversight body, the High Council of Judges and Prosecutors, announced that 2, 745 judges had been dismissed, the Anadolu agency reported. Turkey has a long history of military involvement in politics  —   there have been three coups since 1960, and the military forced another government to step down  —   and as the country became deeply polarized in recent years between supporters of Mr. Erdogan’s Islamist government and those loyal to Turkey’s secular traditions, many wondered if the military would intervene. Some, quietly, had even hoped it would. But once the coup was attempted, people in the country, even those bitterly opposed to Mr. Erdogan, seemed to have no desire for a return to military rule. Turks across the political spectrum, including the main opposition parties that represent secular Turks, nationalists and Kurds, opposed the coup. So did many top generals, highlighting that the attempt apparently did not have deep support even in the military. Speaking from Luxembourg, Mr. Kerry reiterated the United States’ support for the Erdogan government. “We stand by the government of Turkey,” he said. Mr. Kerry said it was not surprising that the United States and Turkey’s other NATO allies had not been aware of the coup before it occurred. “If you’re planning a coup, you don’t exactly advertise it to your partners in NATO,” Mr. Kerry said. “It surprised everybody, including the people in Turkey. I must say it does not appear to be a very brilliantly planned or executed event. ” Chancellor Angela Merkel and Foreign Minister   Steinmeier of Germany expressed concern about the developments in Turkey and called for a return to the rule of law, under the democratically elected government. Ms. Merkel said political change should take place only through democratic procedures. “Tanks on the streets and attacks from the air against their own people are against the law,” she said.",0
15374,Comment on Philippine Government To ‘Take Back The Internet’ From Maria Ressa And Rappler? by adobochron,"adobochron 2 Comments 
MANILA, Philippines ( The Adobo Chronicles, Manila Bureau) – Rappler CEO Maria Ressa’s widely-quoted statement, “Time to take back the Internet” might just come back to haunt her. Just in time for Halloween. 
Ressa has been very vocal about the proliferation of “fake” news sites and trolls that have left her online news organization lagging behind in terms of followers and reader engagements. She was particularly critical of entertainer-turned-political blogger, Mocha Uson, who has more than 4 million followers, twice that of Rappler. 
Now, the Philippine government may soon ‘take back the Internet’ from Rappler because it appears it has violated the Philippine Constitution. 
Article XVI, Section 11 of the 1987 Philippine Constitution specifically states that the mass media must be wholly-owned and managed by citizens of the Philippines. 
But Rappler is partly-owned by a foreign company, Omidyar Network. How do we know? Rappler itself told us so way back on November 5, 2015: 
So, before Rappler can take back the Internet, it may first have to give it up! Rate this:",0
15375,Prep Blog Review: 18+ Tips For Healthy Preppers,"Drew Stratton November 12, 2016 Prep Blog Review: 18+ Tips For Healthy Preppers 
The true challenge nowadays is to stay healthy in a toxic environment. Today we have access to medication and doctors, but what if we are in post SHTF environment and there is no way to get help? 
One thing’s for sure: when SHTF health becomes your first concern and to stay healthy in a survival situation requires a proper diet, hygiene and sleep. Of course, there are many other skills required, but those make the subjects of other articles. 
For this week’s Prep Blog Review I’ve gathered five articles with useful tips, most of them simple home remedies, for healthy preppers. 
1. 10 Home Remedies For Oral Thrush 
“Scientifically referred to as orophangeal Candidiasis, oral thrush is basically a yeast infection that tends to develop on the tongue. It’s unpleasant to look at, and even painful when you have it. The frustrating thing about this condition is that it might be drug-resistant, especially if the Candida rejects anti-fungal medication. 
But guess what? I will provide you with top 10 home remedies for oral thrush, all of which are safe and proven to treat the condition. But before we look at these remedies, it’s only wise you know what causes oral thrush. After all, that’s where the treatment starts!” 
Read more on I Keep Healthy . 
2. 17 Uses For Listerine In A Survival Situation 
“Many of us are familiar with the distinctive taste of Listerine. Whether it’s in the morning or before bed, the extreme tingle of Listerine is a familiar part of our daily routine. 
But did you know that Listerine has many other uses besides a mouthwash? Listerine’s unique antiseptic properties lend well to many other applications, especially in survival situations. 
Topical antiseptic 
Listerine does such as great job of helping clean the mouth, it shouldn’t be surprising that it also works great for disinfecting minor cuts and wounds. This is due to Listerine’s high alcohol content. 
Listerine may not work as well as dedicated antiseptics, nor be as comfortable to use (alcohol can really sting!), but it definitely works in a pinch to kill bacteria, reduce the chance of infection and speed up the rate of healing.” 
Read more in Ask A Prepper . 
3. 4 Natural Steps To Rebuilding Your Gums 
“It’s common for people these days to have issues with their gums. Many people have been told that their gums are “withering away” or thinning, and even have tooth loss as a result. One young woman I spoke with in the past few months was only in her 20s, and yet her dentist told her she would need three implants and would eventually lose all of her teeth. 
Others have periodontal disease and can’t seem to make any progress. They do what the dentist and hygienist says, and yet their mouth never improves. 
The teeth weren’t constructed in such a way that missing a day or more of brushing or flossing would be the entire cause of these gum diseases. Instead, you have to look at what is happening in the entire body. The gums are made from tissues synthesized in the body from all the appropriate building materials – protein, silica, vitamin C, copper, zinc and other nutrients.” 
Read more on Off The Grid News . 
4. Why You Need Sunlight Everywhere You Go 
“With the apparent elimination of rickets at the turn of 20th century, following the discovery of the role that vitamin D plays in the elimination of this disease, most may think that vitamin D deficiency is a problem of the past. While vitamin D deficiency is not often found in North America, insufficiency is still very common. 
This should not be surprising, being that there has been an unprecedented increase of indoor computer use as social media and remote-access work continue to rise in popularity. The acclimatization of modern people to a lifestyle that is primarily indoors is a recipe for disaster when considering the importance of vitamin D and bone health. 
The following will discuss some of the major reasons why you need as much sunlight exposure as you can obtain within reasonable limits and how you can remove the primary obstacles that could be in your way.” 
Read more on Ready Nutrition . 
5. 18 Natural Home Remedies For Acne 
“Before learning about the home remedies for acne, let us first define what acne is. Acne is a superficial skin condition that starts when pores are clogged with oil, dead skin cells, and bacteria. It may come in several forms like pimples, cysts, whiteheads and blackheads. 
It may be caused by a combination of several factors but is commonly present during adolescence due to excessive oil production. 
There are many acne solutions in the market today, mostly artificial in nature. But why not try these natural ways to clear the stubborn acne in our faces. We’ve included an infographic to serve as a cheat sheet for you to download or pin for later at the end of this article.” 
Read more on Ultimate Home Remedies . 
This   Drew Stratton for Survivopedia. 7 total views, 7 views today",0
15376,Exclusive-Sen. Rand Paul: Would an Originalist Unilaterally Bomb Syria? - Breitbart,"Today, I cast the 51st vote to confirm Justice Neil Gorsuch to the Supreme Court. It is a vote I am proud of, and I hope to remain proud of for decades to come. [Republicans fought hard to confirm Justice Gorsuch, and with good reason. The reason many of them gave the full strength of their support was because they believed Justice Gorsuch would follow the Constitution  —   adhering to the original text and meaning.  He is from a group of legal scholars who consider themselves “Originalists. ”  While many Republicans fawned over this quality, they displayed  remarkable cognitive dissonance when it came to applying it to a very public event the very day they approved the Gorsuch nomination. You see, too many of my colleagues have forgotten what it means to be an “Originalist” on the matter of going to war. Our Founding Fathers found this to be one of the most important discussions at the time, and they were quite concerned about giving the power to declare war to the President. They were concerned an executive with that kind of power could choose to rule like a King. Before sending our young men and women into battle, we should have a thoughtful and honest discussion about the ramifications, authorization, and motivations for war.  That could be done if we were all Originalists not just for the court, but for our legislative duties as well. Article I, Section 8, Clause 11 of the Constitution grants the Congress and Congress alone the power to declare war. The President is given the power to direct the military only after the Congressional declaration has been passed. This is our law and was generally our practice. However, like in many areas, we began to abandon our founding principles for expediency. We have not declared a war since World War II and we have too often used our military without even a more modest Authorization for the Use of Military Force. This is dangerous. As Madison wrote, the Constitution supposes what history demonstrates, that the executive is the branch most interested in war and most prone to it. The Constitution therefore, with studied care, vested that power in the legislature. I salute the nomination and confirmation of Justice Gorsuch and his Originalist views. I salute and applaud my colleagues for their work to get him to the bench, and for the words they used attributing their vote to his views on the Constitution. But I can’t say I don’t find it ironic that on the very day they did these things, they also turned a mostly blind eye to an illegal and unconstitutional military strike. I will hold politicians of both parties and both branches accountable. I ran for office to protect our Rights and swore an oath to uphold the Constitution to the best of my ability. That means defending the Constitutionally granted power to declare war as one belonging to Congress, just as our Founding Fathers intended. ",0
15377,Terrorists attack police training college in Pakistan: 60 cadets killed and 120 injured,"(7 fans) - Advertisement - At lease 60 cadets were killed and more than 116 injured as terrorists attack the Police Training College in Quetta, Pakistan, in one of the deadliest extremist attacks this year. Three gunmen burst into the sprawling academy, targeting sleeping quarters home to some 700 recruits, and sent terrified young men aged between 15 and 25 fleeing, Dawn News reported. Communication intercepts showed the attack was carried out by Al-Alimi faction of the Lashkar-i-Jhangvi militant group, IG Frontier Corps (FC) Major General Sher Afgan said. The group itself has not claimed the attack. Most of the deaths were caused when two of the attackers blew themselves up. The third was shot dead by Frontier Corps (FC) troops. At least 120 people were injured, according to Dawn News. The IG FC said ""terrorists were communicating with their handlers in Afghanistan"". ""There were three terrorists and all of them were wearing suicide vests,"" he added. The training college is situated on Sariab Road, which is considered to be one of the most sensitive areas of Quetta. Militants have been targeting security forces in the area for almost a decade. 
The attack comes a day after militants belonging to the Baloch Liberation Army on a motorcycle shot dead two coast guards and a civilian and wounded a shopkeeper in a remote southwest coastal town in Balochistan. 
In August, a suicide bombing at a Quetta hospital claimed by the Jamaat-ul-Ahrar faction of the Pakistani Taliban killed 73 people, including many of the city's lawyer community who had gone there to mourn the fatal shooting of a colleague. - Advertisement - Pakistan says intelligence agencies of India and Afghanistan are fanning unrest in Balochistan by helping the rebels and sectarian militant outfits. According to Islamabad Policy Research Institute, the Indian consulate in Kandahar, a border town, provides a firm base to train, arm and dispatch militants across the border to undertake sabotage activities in Balochistan. Indian companies have been awarded contracts on various projects to link Kabul with Balochistan near Iranian border; and in the bargain it makes the job of the Indian intelligence agency RAW easier. Last month Indian government formally offered political asylum to secessionist Baloch leaders. The Zee News of India reported that the media is buzz with reports that Brahumdagh Bugti, grandson of Nawaz Akbar Khan Bugti, is set to get Indian citizenship. He is currently living in exile in Switzerland. 
Balochistan is a key region for China's ambitious $46 billion China-Pakistan Economic Corridor infrastructure project linking its western province of Xinjiang to the Arabian Sea via Pakistan. 
Security problems have mired CPEC in the past with numerous separatist attacks, but China has said it is confident the Pakistani military is in control. 18 Indian soldiers killed in an army base attack - Advertisement - The Quetta terrorist attack came five weeks after a militants attack on an army base in the garrison town of Uri in the Indian-administered Jammu and Kashmir -- killing 18 soldiers. The attack on Sept 18, which took place near the de facto border between India and Pakistan in the disputed region, was one of the deadliest on an army base in Kashmir since militant attacks began in 1989, according to CNN. Tension remains high between the neighbors following the Uri attack. The Indian Prime Minister, Narendra Modi, has been under intense pressure from his own party and the Indian public to respond to the Uri army base attack. Mr Modi came to power pledging to toughen India's response to what he calls cross-border incursions from Pakistan. He vowed that the Uri raid ""will not go unpunished"". On September 29, India announced that it had carried out early morning ""surgical strikes"" on terrorist camps in Pakistani controlled Kashmir. However, Pakistan denied that a cross border strike had taken place, saying that Indian troops had fired small arms across the Line of Control, killing two soldiers and injuring nine. The notion of surgical strike linked to alleged terrorists' bases is an illusion being deliberately generated by India to create false effects,"" the Pakistani military said in a statement.",0
15378,The ‘P’ in PBS Should Stand for ‘Plutocratic’ or ‘Pentagon’,"The ‘P’ in PBS Should Stand for ‘Plutocratic’ or ‘Pentagon’ Posted on Oct 27, 2016 ( WikiMedia ) 
In a television commercial that the Public Broadcasting System (PBS) ran for years, “PBS NewsHour” host Gwen Ifill declared that she loved her job because it allowed her to “ask not only all of my questions but also and more importantly all of your questions .” This assertion was and remains absurd, just like her network’s regular fundraising claim to be free of corporate sponsors. 
The claim has long been contradicted by the string of corporate-image commercials (purchased by leading financial, defense, auto, insurance and rail corporations) that appear before the network’s nightly “NewsHour” broadcast—along with a list of corporate-sponsored foundations and superwealthy individuals who pay for the show, along with “regular viewers like you.” 
Consistent with those commercials and despite its name, the news and commentary one finds on PBS is in rich tune with the narrow capitalist parameters of acceptable coverage and debate that typify the more fully and explicitly for-profit and commercialized corporate media. As progressive journalist David Sirota suggested two years ago , reflecting on recent investigations showing that supermoneyed, right-wing capitalists such as the Koch brothers and Texas billionaire John Arnold had (along with more liberal software mogul Bill Gates) influenced PBS content through multimillion-dollar donations, the “P” in PBS often seems to more properly stand for “Plutocratic,” not “Public.” 
Advertisement Square, Site wide 
None of this should be surprising to anyone familiar with the distinctively big-business-dominated history of U.S. broadcast media . Because the United States fails to provide anything like adequate funding for public broadcasting, both PBS and National Public Radio (a regular vehicle for neoliberal business ideology) depend upon foundations, corporations and wealthy individuals to pay for much of their programming. Beneath their standard claims to have no interest in shaping public media content, these private funders have bottom-line agendas, meaning that their contributions come with strings attached—strings that undermine the integrity of the “independent” journalism they bankroll. (For what it’s worth, between 1994 and 2014, the “NewsHour” was primarily owned by the for-profit firm Liberty Media . Liberty Media was run by the conservative and politically active billionaire John Malone, who had a majority stake in MacNeil/Lehrer Productions, the show’s producer.) 
The Pentagon Broadcasting System? 
What might seem more surprising, perhaps, is the remarkable extent to which the “P” in PBS often seems to stand for “Pentagon,” or perhaps “Presidential,” when it comes to foreign policy content. Whatever the global issue of the day or week, “NewsHour” anchors and their invited “experts” can be counted on to report and reflect in accord with the doctrinal assumption that Washington always operates with the best of intentions. They almost uniformly treat the U.S. as a great, benevolent and indispensable force for freedom, democracy, security, peace and order in a dangerous world full of evil and deadly actors. 
The show’s invited commentators are drawn primarily from the nation’s imperial establishment. They are commonly current or retired insiders from within the Pentagon, the White House, the “intelligence community” and/or the nation’s elite network of foreign policy think tanks: the Council on Foreign Relations (the granddaddy of all U.S. ruling-class think tanks ), the Carnegie Endowment for International Peace, the Aspen Institute, the Atlantic Council, the Rand Corp. and the Hoover Institution, to name a handful. “NewsHour” anchors and guests generally agree that the United States’ officially designated enemies are malevolent bad guys who need to be contained, controlled and even attacked by the ultimate good guy, Uncle Sam. 
Not surprisingly, the long and ongoing record of U.S. imperial arrogance and criminality (more on that below) is swept down George Orwell’s memory hole even as new entries are added to the ugly registry. When reported by the “NewsHour,” horrific crimes committed by the U.S. military are always treated as well-intended mistakes. Along with the rest of the mainstream U.S. media, the “NewsHour” “insist[s] that Russia deliberately bombs hospitals, etc., whereas if we do it, it is, of course, an accident .” 
There’s some room for disagreement between and among the show’s invited experts—including the show’s semi-loopy foreign policy authority, Margaret Warner—about specific U.S. foreign policy tactics, strategies and actions. There’s no space for serious debate about the immorality, lawlessness or imperial nature of that policy. On the rare occasions “NewsHour” anchors seem to challenge guests from the White House or Pentagon on foreign policy matters, it is generally to ask why the U.S. isn’t going harder at the officially certified bad guys. 
America as Umpire, Not Empire 
The foreign policy coverage and commentary doesn’t get much better in the documentary division of PBS. A recent documentary (first aired nationally last week) shown by PBS bears the risible title “American Umpire”—an obvious World Series season play on what the filmmakers see as the preposterous notion of an American empire. It is narrated by ex-Marine and former “NewsHour” host and producer Jim Lehrer. Developed by the right-wing Hoover Institution and “targeted for PBS” (the organization’s own revealing phrase), “American Umpire” takes the doctrinal “American exceptionalist,” U.S.-good-and-civilized-rest-of-world-dangerous-and-bad narrative to absurd lengths. 
It provides extensive “expert” commentary from such former imperial operatives as Madeline Albright (the onetime U.S. secretary of state who led the charge to criminally bomb Serbia and who went on CBS’ “60 Minutes” to say that the death of more than half a million Iraqi children killed by Washington-led “economic sanctions” was “a price worth paying” for the advance of U.S. foreign policy goals), Condoleezza Rice (George W. Bush’s neoconservative national security adviser before and during the arch-criminal U.S. invasion of Iraq), Gen. Jim “Mad Dog” Mattis (an Iraq invasion commander and a former chief of the U.S. Central Command, who two years ago told a San Diego audience that “it’s fun to shoot people”), George Schultz (the Reagan-era secretary of state who called the Sandinista government in Nicaragua “a cancer in our own land mass” that must be “cut out”) and Karl Eikenberry (a retired Army lieutenant general who commanded U.S. forces in Afghanistan 10 years ago). 
With further commentary from a handful of mostly conservative academicians—above all the nationalist Texas A&M historian Elizabeth Cobbs ( author of a book on which the documentary is based), “American Umpire” portrays 20th and 21st century U.S. foreign policy as nothing more than a noble effort to selflessly provide welcome and fair rules and discipline on the rest of a childish, dangerous and reckless planet (think “Lord of the Flies”) that lacks the exceptional historical experience bequeathed to U.S. leaders by the nation’s far-seeing Founding Fathers. The only substantive criticism of U.S. foreign policy in “American Umpire” is the complaint, voiced by numerous interview subjects, that America harms itself to the benefit of others (the Europeans above all) by taking upon its shoulders too much of the burden of benevolently policing the planet. We are just too good for our own good. 
Our Real Task 
There is not space here to discuss in responsible detail the epic historical deletions and distortions this narrative imposes. The omissions are staggering. They range from the slaughter of hundreds of thousands of Filipinos resisting U.S. imperial invasion and occupation at the last century’s outset to the restoration of de facto slavery in Haiti and the Dominican Republic after World War I; the unnecessary atom bombing of Hiroshima and, even worse, of Nagasaki (really the first shots of the Cold War ); the toppling of more than 50 governments by U.S. coups and invasions since the end of World War II; the liquidation of perhaps as many as 5 million Southeast Asians in the so-called Vietnam War between 1962 and 1975; the Cold War-era sponsorship of Third World fascism from Chile to South Africa and Indonesia; the attempted assassinations of Fidel Castro and numerous CIA-directed terror bombings in socialist Cuba; the near instigation of global thermonuclear war on at least three occasions; the development and sponsorship of Osama bin Laden and other radically arch-reactionary, jihadist Muslim, paramilitary forces to fight the Cold War against the Soviet Union in Afghanistan; the “Highway of Death,” when U.S. warplanes engaged in an aerial traffic jam as they rushed to slaughter tens of thousands of surrendered Iraqi troops retreating from Iraq in 1991; the coordination and sponsorship of a mass-murderous civil war on peasants, workers and intellectuals (with a death toll well into the many hundreds of thousands) in Central America during the 1970s and 1980s; the disastrous U.S. invasion of Iraq (responsible for at least 1 million Iraqi deaths); the calamitous U.S. toppling of the Libyan Gadhafi regime; the calamitous destabilization of the Syrian regime; the U.S. funding and encouragement of civil war in central Africa; the enablement and protection of a vicious right-wing coup in Honduras in the spring and summer of 2009; the criminal U.S. global war of terror, replete with rampant “targeted assassinations,” torture, illegal renditions, endless drone war and special-forces killing operations across the Muslim world and other places as well. 
“American Umpire” hides these horrific transgressions and the imperial calculations behind much of U.S. foreign policy past and present. As numerous key U.S. planning documents reveal over and over, the goal of that policy was to maintain and, if necessary, install governments that “favor[ed] private investment of domestic and foreign capital, production for export, and the right to bring profits out of the country.” Given the United States’ remarkable possession of half the world’s capital after World War II, Washington elites had no doubt that U.S. investors and corporations would profit the most. Internally, the basic, selfish, national and imperial objectives were openly and candidly discussed. As the “liberal” and “dovish” imperialist, top State Department planner and key Cold War architect George F. Kennan explained in Policy Planning Study 23, a critical 1948 document: “We have about 50% of the world’s wealth, but only 6.3% of its population. … In this situation, we cannot fail to be the object of envy and resentment. Our real task in the coming period is to devise a pattern of relationships which will permit us to maintain this position of disparity. … To do so, we will have to dispense with all sentimentality and day-dreaming. ... The less we are then hampered by idealistic slogans, the better.” 
The necessity of dispensing with “human rights” and other “sentimental” and “unreal objectives” was especially pressing in the “global south.” Washington assigned the vast periphery of the world economic (capitalist) system—Africa, Latin America, Southeast Asia and the energy-rich and thus strategically hypersignificant Middle East—a less than flattering role. It was to “fulfill its major function as a source of raw materials and a market” ( actual State Department language ) for the great industrial (capitalist) nations (excluding “socialist” Russia and its satellites). It was to be exploited both for the benefit of U.S. corporations/investors and for the reconstruction of Europe and Japan as prosperous U.S. trading and investment partners organized on properly capitalist principles that were hostile to the Soviet bloc. 
“Democracy” was fine as a slogan and benevolent, idealistic-sounding mission statement when it came to marketing this core, underlying, ultra-imperialist U.S. policy at home and abroad. Because most people in the “Third World” had no interest in neocolonial subordination and subscribed to what U.S. intelligence officials considered the heretical “idea that government has direct responsibility for the welfare of its people” (what post-World War II U.S. planners called “communism”), Washington’s real-life commitment to popular governance abroad was strictly qualified, to say the least. “Democracy” was suitable to the U.S. as long as its outcomes comported with the interests of U.S. investors/corporations and related U.S. geopolitical objectives. It had to be abandoned, undermined and/or crushed when it threatened those investors/corporations and the broader imperatives of business rule to any significant degree. As President Richard Nixon’s coldblooded National Security Adviser Henry Kissinger explained in June 1970, three years before the U.S. sponsored a fascist coup that overthrew Chile’s democratically elected leftist President Salvador Allende, “I don’t see why we need to stand by and watch a country go Communist because of the irresponsibility of its own people.” 
The selfish imperial cynicism of U.S. foreign policy continues to this day, into the post-Cold War and post-9/11 era. As leading Dutch political scientists Bastiaann van Apeldoorn and Nana de Graaff write in their important new volume , “American Grand Strategy and Corporate Elite Networks: The Open Door Since the End of the Cold War,” “From the end of the 19th nineteenth century onward, American grand strategy has pursued a liberal expansionism aimed at the creation of a global hegemony premised upon open, “free” markets, to which global capital—and, above all, U.S. transnational capital—has full access. … The global Open Door has continued to define the ends of the American grand strategy throughout the post-Cold War era.” Because—as during and before—the Cold War’s end, Washington’s commitment to “democracy” and “human rights” is conditional and hypocritical: The noble principles are fine insofar as they serve the free-market hegemony of global and especially U.S. transnational capital. They are dispensed with, even as U.S. policymakers trumpet them, when they do not.",0
15379,German E.U. Official Is in Trouble Over Remarks About Chinese - The New York Times,"BERLIN  —   One of the most powerful people in Brussels, Günther Oettinger, has come under fire for reportedly referring to Chinese people as “ ” and “sly dogs” in a speech to business leaders in Hamburg. Leaders in Berlin and Brussels sought on Monday to tamp down the uproar after Mr. Oettinger broke his silence over the weekend to explain the comments. Although the comments about Chinese people were not captured on video, he has not denied multiple reports that he made them. In an interview with the German newspaper Die Welt, published on Sunday, Mr. Oettinger, who was appointed by Germany to the European Commission, said his comments were intended to rattle his German audience out of a sense of complacency. But to some observers, Mr. Oettinger only dug himself into a deeper hole. Die Welt said to Mr. Oettinger, “You spoke of ‘ .’ ” Mr. Oettinger responded, “It was a rather crude expression that was in no way meant to be disrespectful to the Chinese. ” Die Welt: “What did you mean when you spoke of ‘sly dogs’ and ‘ ’? ” Mr. Oettinger: “I wanted to show how dynamic the world is in the digital sector, and generally in sectors influenced by technology. And the challenges we face in catching up to the enormous tempo of countries such as China and South Korea. And I wanted to warn against complacency in this context. ” Die Welt: “What does that have to do with ‘sly dogs’?” Mr. Oettinger: “The Chinese are simply very clever, and they see exactly where Europe has a technological advantage. How can they catch up? And then they come and buy up what they can’t catch up to. On the flip side, European companies face great hurdles. ” The uproar was fueled by a video clip of the end of the speech, in which he went on to make disparaging remarks about homosexuals. In that video, which was posted to social media by Sebastian Marquardt, a publisher who was in the audience, Mr. Oettinger suggested that   marriage might soon be “obligatory” in Germany. (Germany offers registered life partnerships but does not have   marriage.) Officials in Berlin and Brussels found themselves struggling on Monday to account for the remarks by Mr. Oettinger, who is in line for an even more powerful job, that of vice president of the European Commission, the executive arm of the European Union. In Berlin, Steffen Seibert, the chief spokesman for Chancellor Angela Merkel, told reporters that Mr. Oettinger “of course” still enjoyed the support of the chancellor and her government. He declined to comment further. In Brussels, Margaritis Schinas, the chief spokesman for the commission, said the interview with Die Welt was an adequate response to the matter. “He provided some pretty clear explanations and made his position pretty clear, and I don’t think the commission has anything to add to what he said,” he said at a news conference in Brussels. When reminded of reports that Mr. Oettinger had also made disparaging comments about women, gay people and the Wallonia region of Belgium  —   his comments about Wallonia, which Mr. Oettinger reportedly said was “run by communists,” nearly scuttled a trade deal between the European Union and Canada  —   Mr. Schinas took a guarded approach. “As to why, and the explanations around this video, I think that we have to listen to what Günther Oettinger has to say,” Mr. Schinas said. “I will refrain from any characterization or value judgment that one can make of the explanations. ” Mr. Schinas said the European Commission did not have the power to investigate Mr. Oettinger for his choice of words. Asked if   Juncker, the president of the European Commission, had discussed the matter with Mr. Oettinger, Mr. Schinas suggested that he had not. “We were 100 percent occupied with CETA,” he said, referring to the trade deal, which was signed on Sunday. While Brussels is known for carefully parsed language, Mr. Oettinger is not the first to stir concerns there with disparaging remarks. In 2004, Frits Bolkestein, a   Dutch politician and a European commissioner for trade among member states, drew criticism for saying that Ukraine and Belarus would be more easily accepted into the European Union than Turkey because “those countries are more European than Turkey,” a comment that was seen as an implicit reference to Turkey being a   nation. Also that year, Rocco Buttiglione, an Italian nominee to become the justice and home affairs commissioner, acknowledged considering homosexuality to be sinful. “I may think that homosexuality is a sin, and this has no effect on politics, unless I say that homosexuality is a crime,” he said. (Mr. Buttiglione eventually withdrew his nomination after a storm of criticism.) Mr. Oettinger has found both critics and detractors. Jan Philipp Albrecht, a German member of the European Parliament, likened Mr. Oettinger’s remarks to those of Donald J. Trump, the Republican nominee for president of the United States. “This is the moment where EU leaders can prove that they won’t let someone like Trump   top decision maker,” Mr. Albrecht, a member of the Greens, wrote on Twitter. Paul Magnette, the leader of Wallonia, reacted angrily to a speech last week in which Mr. Oettinger disparaged it as a   “ ” that he said was “blocking” Europe. “The comments by Mr. Oettinger are unworthy of an E. U. Commissioner,” Mr. Magnette, a former political science professor, wrote on Twitter.",0
15380,The End Game Closes In On The Clintons: Massive Damning Evidence That Will Bring Down the Clinton Crime Family Forever,"My fellow Americans, we are watching history unfold before us with such sound and fury that we are likely to never witness comparable events again in our lifetime. As of today, I am now convinced that the deep state has turned on Hillary Clinton and will unveil damning evidence in the next few days that will end the Clintons’ reign of terror over America and collapse her bid for the presidency. 
Via BeforeItsNews 

The mainstream media, of course, will never report this news for the simple reason that they are the propaganda arm of the criminal Clinton cartel. As such, they will lie to the public to the bitter end, even as the Clinton Titanic sinks with all of them on board (in deep, frigid waters, no less, with no more lifeboats to be found).
Please Scroll Down For Videos Below The so-called “deep state” — the powerful insiders who really run the intelligence services and inner layers of untouchable bureaucracy — has decided Hillary Clinton is too damaged to defend any longer. Even if she were to win by stealing the election, she would be so mired in criminal investigations and political illegitimacy that she would rip the nation to shreds while fighting for her own political survival.
It has now been decided, I believe, that Hillary Clinton will be taken out of power by releasing criminally damaging emails which have long been held by the NSA and FBI. This will likely happen before the coming weekend. Once that is accomplished, the next goal will be to wait for President Trump to take office, then destroy the U.S. economy through a controlled, global debt collapse so that Trump can be blamed for the near collapse of western economies. (Remember: The deep state isn’t pro-Trump. They’re still all about defending the establishment. But Hillary is one bridge too far for even the statists to stomach…)
Instead of allowing Hillary Clinton to take power and destroy America from the top, in other words, deep state power brokers have reverted to “Plan B” which is to let Trump take the White House, then destroy America through the controlled demolition of its currency and economy. This is simpler than it sounds. Bringing down the debt pyramid of a nation carrying nearly $20 trillion in national debt isn’t exactly rocket science. All they have to do is stand back and stop manipulating the markets and stop printing new money for a few months while raising interest rates. Monetary gravity will do the rest…
In the mean time, Hillary Clinton and a long list of her co-conspirators are going to find themselves charged with obstruction of justice, lying under oath, destruction of evidence, conspiracy, corruption and other serious charges that will lead to serious prison time for many.
The criminal racket of the Clintons is about to implode. The participants will be charged under the RICO Act for “racketeering” activities, for which ample evidence already exists.
A new video from Steve Pieczenik describes some of this 
In this video, intelligence insider Steve Pieczenik lays out how high-level intelligence insiders are now working in concert to “reverse the Clinton coup” that’s attempting to take over America and destroy it from within.
Even if you don’t believe Pieczenik — and I fully realize he’s controversial in his own way — this short video is a very important “must watch” explanation to know what people in the intelligence community are doing… “we’ve initiated a counter-coup…”
The Clintons are going to go “full murder” in a last ditch, desperate effort to save themselves 
Beware of what may yet unfold in the coming days. Like a cornered wild animal, the Clintons are extremely dangerous when they realize they have nothing to lose by going “full murder” in an attempt to save themselves.
I will not be surprised the least bit if bodies of people in high places start piling up over the next week. Watch for news reports of mysterious car crashes, swimming pool accidents or “natural” deaths involving people like James Comey, who’d better have armed security personnel around him at all times.
Look for desperate measures such as the Clintons attempting to blackmail Obama, Comey or anyone who they think might serve as leverage to save their own skins. We might also see desperate false flag attacks unfold in the next few days, although that’s increasingly unlikely since it seems the Clintons are now on their own (they would need the assistance of Obama to pull off another Sandy Hook, you see).
A deal has already been struck with Obama 
Most likely, deep state operatives have already struck a deal with Obama to avoid prosecuting him for his own serious crimes as long as he stays out of the way as Hillary Clinton’s head is served up on a platter. This likely explains why Obama is now publicly saying he trusts Comey (and refuses to go to bat for Hillary). There’s no love lost between Obama and the Clintons (remember 2008?).
As all this is going down, the propaganda ministry of the Clinton regime — CNN, NYT, Washington Post, etc. — is going to explode into an all-out “bat-s##t crazy” conspiracy theory phase where they blame the Russians, extraterrestrials, Bigfoot and the Loch Ness Monster for everything that’s imploding around the Clintons. Mainstream media news reports are going to increasingly sound like sociopathic babble from crazy people grasping at whatever outlandish theories they can invoke. Maybe crop circles were created by the Russians as a secret code to Wikileaks and Donald Trump, eh?
Meanwhile, conspiratorial operatives like George Stephanopoulos fully realize they are probably going to jail for collusion and sedition, so they have nothing left to lose by desperately trying to put Hillary in the White House via any means at their disposal, including totally faking negative news against Donald Trump (which is, of course, the entire news mission of CNN at this point, a disgraced propaganda network run by anti-American traitors).
If the vote is stolen for Hillary Clinton, all hell breaks loose 
Should the globalist Soros operators manage to steal the vote, bribe the electoral voters or rig the black box voting machines sufficiently to place Hillary Clinton in the White House, all Hell breaks loose across America:
• The FBI goes into full indictment mode to push criminal charges for the Clinton criminal regime.
• Donald Trump launches a massive legal challenge to the election outcome, dispatching an army of lawyers to level a vast assortment of charges involving coordinated voter fraud, the rigging of voting machines, the attempted bribery of Electoral voters and so on.
• The U.S. military revs up its plans for an armed military coup to depose Clinton and restore democracy. This one should be especially entertaining to watch unfold if it gets activated… (and yes, YOU will beg for a short-term military dictatorship as long as they promise to depose Clinton and restore open, fair and free elections).
• Armed U.S. citizens prepare for a massive march on Washington to take back their democracy and restore a lawful society where the political elite don’t get away with corruption, fraud and murder. Expect this march to be joined by police officers and federal law enforcement officials of all kinds.
• The NSA likely goes into “full dump” mode to unleash every scrap of damning criminal evidence against Hillary Clinton. This will likely be joined by CIA assets who already have the goods on the Clintons and their “Lolita Express” pedo joy rides.
• Wikileaks, Anonymous and every former NSA analyst goes into “destroy the Clintons” mode and begins to hack and expose every last shred of email evidence ever possessed by the Clintons and anyone close to them. Anonymous alone has enough technical clout to accomplish this with little or no outside help. (I expect Kim Dotcom to be aiding this entire effort as well, as he rightly holds extreme hatred toward Hillary Clinton… as do we all, come to think of it.)
• The establishment Republicans in the U.S. Congress will, as usual, meekly surrender to the democrats, pulls down their britches and bend over to prepare to take it in the rear because that’s what they do best when the going gets tough. Totally useless politicrats like John McCain can’t get their pants around their ankles quickly enough when democrats start accusing them of something. These useless heaps of human baggage will be tossed out of Washington as the revolution unfolds, replaced with individuals who actually honor the U.S. Constitution (like Rep. Louie Gohmert).
I root for all groups working to save America and expose the criminal politicians 
Bring out the marshmallows and wieners, folks: This is going to be the most bizarre campfire front row seat to U.S. history that anyone has witnessed in over 200 years. Try not to trip and “face plant” into the flames as all this unfolds. It might be a smart idea to have some preparedness supplies at the ready, since no one really knows just how nasty this is all going to get. (And thank God Hillary doesn’t have her fingers on the nuclear launch codes, or she’d probably launch them just to change the narrative…)
As for me, I’m with anybody who’s trying to save America, restore democracy and throw the establishment criminals in prison. Like almost everybody else, I’ve had enough of the lies, the corruption, the media deceptions and the incessant blood sucking parasites in Washington D.C. who are too arrogant and stupid to realize just how much they’re universally despised. The revolution is ON. Anonymous, Wikileaks, Project Veritas, the FBI and the NSA have all been activated. There’s no stopping them now, and all the details of all the crimes of the Clintons are about to spill onto the stage of history, dirty deeds and all.
Be warned, you are probably not psychologically prepared for the truth about what the Clintons really are. You will probably vomit.
",0
15381,Ten Questionable Federal Gov’t Expenditures Greater Than Trump’s Border Wall - Breitbart,"Many of President Donald Trump’s critics are grappling with the reality the U. S. government will actually build the   border wall Trump had pledged to repeatedly during his campaign. [However, those critics are still arguing the money put toward the project would be a waste.  The main question now is how the government will pay for it, to which Trump had said throughout the 2016 presidential campaign that Mexico would be responsible for the project’s financing. On Thursday, Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell estimated the cost would be between $  billion. Similarly, House Speaker Paul Ryan had put the price tag at between $  billion. Assuming the cost is on the high end of those estimates at $15 billion, the total cost of the border wall would constitute nearly 0. 4 percent of the federal government’s $3. 8 trillion FY 2015 budget. While there are many other big ticket items on the federal budget, many of them dwarf the cost of a U. S.  border wall. Here are a few: 1) The War on Poverty: On the 50th anniversary of the   War on Poverty in 2014, the Heritage Foundation’s Robert Rector estimated taxpayers have footed a $22 trillion bill for the effort. As Rector also points out, however, is that in that   timespan, the poverty rate was the same that was when President Lyndon B. Johnson began the “war on poverty. ” “The U. S. Census Bureau has just released its annual poverty report,” Rector wrote. “The report claims that in 2013, 14. 5 percent of Americans were poor. Remarkably, that’s almost the same poverty rate as in 1967, three years after the War on Poverty started. ” In case you were wondering, the cost of this ongoing war would be enough to foot the bill for 1, 466 border walls. 2) The Lockheed Martin   Stealth Fighter Jet Project: According to Reuters, the cost to build the fighter jet program is estimated to be $379 billion, which would be roughly the cost of 25 border walls.  Back in December in a tweet, Trump criticized the costs of the project, which have been plagued with problems and cost overruns, and said he was asking Lockheed Martin competitor Boeing to price out a similar project. Based on the tremendous cost and cost overruns of the Lockheed Martin   I have asked Boeing to   a comparable   Super Hornet!  —   Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) December 22, 2016,  Early on, some anticipated that throughout the lifespan of the   the federal government could spent up to $1 trillion overall in building the fighter jet and for its maintenance. 3) A Day and a Half of Running the Federal Government: The federal budget is currently around $3. 8 trillion. If you take there are 365 days in a year, 24 hours in a day and 60 minutes in an hour, that comes to a total of 525, 600 minutes per year. Divide that $3. 8 trillion by 525, 600 and you will find the U. S. government spends about $7. 2 million per minute.  At $7. 2 million per minute, that is $432 million per hour and nearly $10. 4 billion a day.  With the wall at a cost of $15 billion, that would be roughly a day and a half of operating the federal government as a whole. 4) Medicare, Medicaid Improper Payments: A 2015 Government Accountability Office report estimated in 2014 the federal government made $59. 9 billion in improper Medicare payments and $17. 5 billion in improper Medicaid payments for a grand total of $76. 4 billion, or roughly the cost of five border walls. That same report found that when the $76. 4 billion figure was combined with 122 programs, including the EITC, that number in FY 2014 comes out to $124. 7 billion in improper federal government payment, which was up from $105. 8 billion a year earlier. 5) Maintenance of Vacant and Unused Properties: The federal government reportedly spent $25 billion annually in 2009 on maintaining vacant and unused building. The figure was cited in a 2009 Heritage Foundation report, which was calculated by   Oversight Subcommittee chairman Sen. Tom Coburn ( ): Unused Federal Property: The figures have been revised downward over the year, to $8 billion in 2013 and to $1. 7 billion in 2016. However, the cumulative amount over the past decade would have been more than enough to finance a border wall. 6) The Littoral Combat Ship Program: The U. S. Navy’s controversial Littoral Combat Ship program comes in with a price tag of $29 billion. The project, which includes ship prototypes built in Mobile, AL and Marinette, WI, has been fraught with problems and targeted for those problems and cost overruns on a bipartisan basis by the ranking members of the Senate Armed Services Committee, chairman Sen. John McCain ( ) and ranking Democrat Sen. Jack Reed ( ). “Until these actions are taken, we will have significant concerns about supporting the procurement of additional LCSs,” McCain and Reed wrote to Navy officials last fall in a letter according to Bloomberg News. 7) Earned Income Tax Credit Program Improper Payments: The Earned Income Tax Credit (EITC) is regarded by its critics as nothing more than wealth transfer program that exists under the guise of eliminating poverty. According to the Brookings and Urban Institutes’ Tax Policy Center, in 2015 the ETIC provided an estimated $69 billion in benefits to 28 million recipients. However, as the Washington Examiner’s Byron York pointed out, the Treasury Inspector General for Tax Administration stated, “The IRS estimates that 23. 8 percent ($15. 6 billion) of EITC payments were issued improperly in Fiscal Year 2015. ” Cost of building wall roughly equal to one year’s worth of improper payments in Earned Income Tax Credit program. https:  .   —   Byron York (@ByronYork) January 26, 2017,  At $15. 6 billion, that is roughly the cost of the border wall. 8) U. S. Postal Service: Even though the postal service generates revenue by charging for certain services, it still loses money that is absorbed by the taxpayer. The U. S. Postal Service has fallen on hard times given more efficient means of communication have replaced the need for the agency’s   mail. For FY 2012 alone, the USPS lost $15. 9 billion. Although they have shrunk over the last four years, the agency has continued to post losses, including $3. 9 billion in 2013, $5. 5 billion in 2014, $5. 1 billion in 2015 and $5. 6 billion in 2016 for a grand total of $36 billion since 2012. The USPS also enjoys a federal   monopoly on access to mailboxes and is exempt from local regulations and taxes that its privatized competitors do not enjoy. 9) NASA: Even though the last U. S. manned space flight was in 2011, NASA still has an annual budget of $18. 5 billion. A sizable chunk of that budget is dedicated to the agency’s Earth sciences division estimated at $2 billion, which has been at the forefront of climate change research.  However, a recent Guardian article by Oliver Milman anticipates funding on climate change to stripped and rededicated to deep space exploration under President Trump. For the time being, NASA has been reliant upon the Russians to send U. S. astronauts to the International Space Station, which came at a $457. 9 million cost in 2014. 10)  Farm Subsidies: According to Chris Edwards of the Cato Institute, the federal government through the Department of Agriculture spends at least $25 billion on farm subsidies. “The particular amount each year depends on the market prices of crops and other factors,” Edwards wrote last October for DownsizingGovernment. org, a project of the Cato Institute. “Most agricultural subsidies go to farmers of a handful of major crops, including wheat, corn, soybeans, rice, and cotton. Roughly a million farmers and landowners receive federal subsidies, but the payments are heavily tilted toward the largest producers. ” To Edwards’ point, farm subsidies often go to those not necessarily of financial assistance from the government. Among those receiving those subsidies according to a 2015 Economist magazine piece are Walmart heirs Alice, Jim and Rob Walton, rockers Jon Bon Jovi and Bruce Springsteen and CNN founder Ted Turner. Follow Jeff Poor on Twitter @jeff_poor",0
15382,Newly-Released Clinton Email: Huma Sent ’Secure Document’ While Hillary Did Yoga - Breitbart,"During a March 10, 2015 press conference meant to address the growing controversy surrounding her private email server, Hillary Clinton famously claimed the emails she deleted were “within the scope of my personal privacy”  —   including messages about her yoga routines, family vacations and her daughter Chelsea’s wedding. [On Thursday, the State Department released 371 emails from the batch of about 15, 000 that were reportedly uncovered during an FBI investigation of Clinton’s server.  Among the newly released correspondence was a message about Clinton’s yoga, with the email in question also involving the transmission of a secure document.  The message citing yoga, dated February 12, 2010, was sent to Clinton by her top aide Huma Abedin. Typed in lower case letters, the email stated: “i am going to have the secure document from jake faxed to the house while you do yoga. also, i am getting (redacted) tomorrow in case we land sunday and have to go straight to work right now she is coming at 1 pm. ” Clinton responded, “Ok. Pls have secure stuff faxed to justin. ” “Yes, I connected with him,” Abedin replied. Below is a screenshot grab of the email: Clinton was known to have had a secure fax machine at her house. The newly released email was not necessarily deleted by Clinton. The Hill reported on the most recent batch of released emails from the 15, 000 uncovered by the FBI: Many of the documents  —   consisting of about 1, 031 pages  —   are “near duplicates” of documents Clinton provided to the State Department in 2014 and have already been made public, according to the agency.   …    Clinton deleted about 30, 000 emails from the private server she used while secretary of State, saying they were not   before turning over thousands more to the government. But during its examination, the FBI recovered some additional emails that could be relevant to the FOIA lawsuit. A preliminary review of the 15, 000 emails revealed that about 60 percent were of a purely personal nature. Around 37 percent  —   or 5, 600 documents  —   were deemed   but of those, a “substantial number” were exact duplicates of the 30, 000 emails that Clinton turned over to the agency in December 2014, according to State Department lawyers. This is not the first Clinton email to be made public that involves yoga. A September 3, 2009 email posted on WikiLeaks was titled “Yoga” and contained a list of times  —    seemingly for yoga classes. Aaron Klein is Breitbart’s Jerusalem bureau chief and senior investigative reporter. He is a New York Times bestselling author and hosts the popular weekend talk radio program, “Aaron Klein Investigative Radio. ” Follow him on Twitter @AaronKleinShow. Follow him on Facebook. With research by Joshua Klein.",0
15383,Is the National Anthem Racist? Beyond the Debate Over Colin Kaepernick - The New York Times,"The continuing refusal by the San Francisco 49ers quarterback Colin Kaepernick to stand during the playing of “The   Banner” before games has set off a debate about patriotism, protest and professional sports. But it has also raised another fraught question: Is our national anthem itself racist? The journalist Jon Schwarz, writing in The Intercept, argued yes, denouncing the lyrics, written by Francis Scott Key during the War of 1812, as “a celebration of slavery. ” How could black players, Mr. Schwarz asked, be expected to stand for a song whose rarely sung third stanza  —   which includes the lines “No refuge could save the hireling and   the terror of flight or the gloom of the grave”  —   “literally celebrates the murder of  ”? That argument drew outrage from some conservative news outlets, as well as a more scholarly rebuttal from Mark Clague, a musicologist at the University of Michigan and the founding board chairman of the Star Spangled Music Foundation. We spoke with Mr. Clague, who is writing a book about the song, about the anthem’s history and shifting meanings. The interview has been edited for clarity and length. Why do you think those who call the song racist are wrong? The social context of the song comes from the age of slavery, but the song itself isn’t about slavery, and it doesn’t treat whites differently from blacks. The reference to slaves is about the use, and in some sense the manipulation, of black Americans to fight for the British, with the promise of freedom. The American forces included   as well as whites. The term “freemen,” whose heroism is celebrated in the fourth stanza, would have encompassed both. Few people know “The   Banner” has a third verse, since it was often left out of   sheet music publications. Why?  I don’t think people were afraid of offending   but of offending the British. It was their blood that “has wash’d out their foul footstep’s pollution,” as the third verse puts it. But when we became allies in World War I, we really started reversing course. Part of the difficulty of parsing the anthem seems to that Americans know so little about the War of 1812. Why is public understanding so murky?  It’s something in our history we would probably rather skip over. Nobody won, nobody lost. The British burned down the White House. We invaded Canada. It was sort of a bizarre war. But while it didn’t really change much, it was pivotal as far as American identity went. The naval buildup really created the modern American national state. That’s part of the reason why “The   Banner” seems so natural and true and permanent and sacred to us today. It didn’t really describe America in 1814, when Key wrote his lyrics, but it was a vision of the unified power the country would become. For your project “Poets  Patriots,” you tracked down around 100 different sets of lyrics written by others. How do these alternate versions help us understand the meaning of the song? There are versions that talk about temperance, about women’s suffrage, about presidential campaigns, including Abraham Lincoln’s. The one I wish everyone knew about was one about abolition from 1844, beginning “Oh say, do you hear   …     ” It repeats Key’s phrase “the land of the free” but as an ironic statement. I wish teachers would contrast that version with Key’s, as a way of showing how singing the anthem isn’t a mindless, rote ritual, but part of a long history of exploration of what the country is about. Does that same kind of revision go on today?  By the 20th century, we were treating the anthem as a religious hymn, and it became counterproductive to alter the lyrics as social commentary since changes to the anthem tend to make people so upset. In the 20th century, commentary became less about the lyrics than about the performance. Take Jimi Hendrix’s version. It was a combination of patriotism and protest. Here you have an   man, speaking largely to white youth but really to all youth, about their own potential to create the country at a moment when they were old enough to be drafted, but not necessarily old enough to vote. What do you see as the most important part of the anthem?  For me, it’s the punctuation that ends the part we sing. After “land of the free,” we have a question mark, not an exclamation point. Is the flag and what it represents still there? Are we winning the battle for freedom that this country was founded on? That’s where Colin Kaepernick has started a productive conversation. If there are people who don’t feel the song represents them, we need to pay attention to that. But if we just reject the song as racist, or declare that it isn’t our anthem anymore, we don’t fix the problem.",0
15384,UKIP Promises to Ban the Burqa and Sharia Law,"The UK Independence Party (UKIP) have launched a new “integration agenda” promising to ban the Islamic face veil and sharia law. [The pledges, aimed at tackling Islamic extremism, will be at the centre of the party’s general election campaign.  People with evidence of female genital mutilation will also be bound by law to inform police, and postal voting will be banned, according to the plans reported by the Sun. The burqa ban would put the UK in line with France, Belgium, and Bulgaria where the garment, which covers the entire body including the face, is outlawed. UKIP promised to ban the burqa in their 2010 manifesto, but withdrew the policy for the 2015 vote, choosing to focus on Brexit. Party leader Paul Nuttall argued that postal voting encourages electoral fraud and said the face veil was a security risk and barrier to integration. Announcing the agenda, Mr. Nuttall will say: “Just as we have been vindicated on the need to recognise the downsides of uncontrolled immigration and the hollowing out of our democracy brought about by EU membership, so we shall be vindicated on the need to be more robust in tackling extremism and defending British values. ” . @prwhittle on @LBC ”Our society has become fragmented, multiculturalism has failed”.  —   UKIP (@UKIP) April 23, 2017,  ”There comes a point when you have to draw a line, we must integrate. We want everyone to achieve their full potential” @prwhittle on @LBC,  —   UKIP (@UKIP) April 23, 2017,  The party’s deputy leader and culture spokesman Peter Whittle has drawn up the   measures. Mr. Whittle said: “We are the party that speaks up about the threat we face from Islamism from without and within, at a time when the established parties are mute either from fear, denial or sheer cowardice. ” A majority of the British public back banning the garment being outlawed, a poll published in September last year revealed. Support is strong across the political spectrum, with a plurality of voters for every single party favoring a ban. UKIP voters were the most in favour with 84 per cent wanting to prohibit the garment, while 66 per cent of Conservative voters agreed. Even among supporters of the   Labour and Liberal Democrat parties, support for a ban is stronger than opposition, with 48 per cent of Labour voters wanting a ban, compared to 37 against, and 42 per cent of Lib Dems in favour, as opposed to 30 per cent against.",0
15385,Ryan Lochte Apologizes ‘for My Behavior’ After Rio Robbery Claim - The New York Times,"RIO DE JANEIRO  —   Ryan Lochte, the   Olympic medal winner who claimed to have been robbed here last weekend by men identifying themselves as police officers, issued an apology on Friday “for my behavior” in an episode that has cast a pall over the Games. The apology came as testimony emerged from other American swimmers challenging Mr. Lochte’s initial version of events. In sworn statements to investigators, the other swimmers described Mr. Lochte, 32, as drunk and unruly, saying he had damaged property at a gas station and later misrepresented what happened. The case has ignited a debate that goes well beyond sports, eliciting an apology from American Olympic officials and outrage from Brazilians who accuse Mr. Lochte of smearing Rio’s reputation as it held one of the most important international events in Brazil’s history. In his original account, Mr. Lochte said he and three other American swimmers had been pulled over by armed men calling themselves police officers, one of whom put a gun against his head before taking the cash from his wallet. But police investigators said Thursday that Mr. Lochte had fabricated central elements of the encounter. The investigators said the swimmers had vandalized a gas station bathroom after leaving a lavish party and were confronted over the damages by security guards. At least one of the guards brandished his gun in their direction, the police said. “I want to apologize for my behavior last weekend  —   for not being more careful and candid in how I described the events of that early morning,” Mr. Lochte said in a statement on Instagram. Mr. Lochte did not give a full account of what happened during the episode, or explain the ways in which his earlier depictions of events were inaccurate. But he insisted that a gun was pointed at him and that he was forced to hand over money. “It’s traumatic to be out late with your friends in a foreign country  —   with a language barrier  —   and have a stranger point a gun at you and demand money to let you leave,” he said in the statement. In sworn statements to Brazilian investigators, Mr. Lochte’s teammates said that he was drunk and disorderly, had damaged property and was in need of calming down as they discussed the situation with an armed security guard. Two of the swimmers  —   Gunnar Bentz, 20, and Jack Conger, 21  —   described public urination, vandalism and other drunken antics by the swimmers, the police said. In his testimony, Mr. Bentz said that the situation spiraled out of control shortly after the swimmers left a party in a taxi early Sunday and stopped at a gas station to use the bathroom. Once there, the men urinated around the bushes, and Mr. Lochte damaged a sign, according to a police description of Mr. Bentz’s account. The police said a bathroom door and a soap dispenser had also been damaged. Fernando Deluz, a D. J. who was passing by the gas station, said he interpreted for the swimmers, none of whom speak Portuguese, in an effort to prevent the situation from escalating. “There was a moment when they tried to escape, and that’s when the security guards stopped them,” Mr. Deluz said in nationally televised comments. “At no moment did anyone brush up against them,” he added. And when employees of the gas station discussed calling the police, the swimmers pleaded with them not do so, Mr. Deluz added. “They were saying, ‘Please, please, no please,’” Mr. Deluz said, explaining that the swimmers began asking in English how much they needed to pay for the damages done to the gas station. The swimmers then handed over Brazilian and American currency totaling about $50 to Mr. Deluz, who said he gave the money to a security guard, who then passed it to a gas station employee. “Then I talked to them and said, ‘That’s O. K. ’” Mr. Deluz said. The swimmers then went on their way to the athletes’ village, where they were captured on camera joking with one another and in possession of their phones and watches, items that are often taken from victims of armed assaults in Rio. Mr. Bentz said the swimmers tried to leave the station, having sensed that they could get into trouble after employees witnessed their behavior, the police said. But two men with guns  —   security guards at the gas station  —   approached the car, brandished their weapons and prevented them from leaving, Mr. Bentz said. The group of swimmers, which also included Jimmy Feigen, 26, then got out of the car. After being told by the   guards to sit down, “Ryan got up and began talking to the men,” Mr. Bentz told investigators. At that point, Mr. Bentz said, he “asked Ryan to calm down and sit down again. ” In his testimony, Mr. Conger told investigators that he described the episode to his mother after arriving back at the athletes’ village and having breakfast with Mr. Feigen. He then saw Mr. Lochte’s accounts in the news media, telling investigators that he “perceived that Ryan was lying about what had happened. ” As the scandal over the swimmers grew this week, judges in Brazil sought to prevent the men from leaving the country. But Mr. Lochte had already flown to the United States before the police moved to seize his passport. The police removed Mr. Bentz and Mr. Conger from their plane as it prepared to leave Rio, but after providing their testimony, the two men flew to the United States. The police said they were planning to charge Mr. Lochte and Mr. Feigen with providing false testimony about a crime. But Mr. Feigen’s lawyer said that his client had agreed to pay about $10, 800 to a Brazilian charity as part of a deal to avoid prosecution, allowing him to leave the country. The International Olympic Committee also said Friday that it would start a disciplinary inquiry into the episode involving the four swimmers. In his apology, Mr. Lochte said that he was grateful to “the people of Brazil who welcomed us to Rio and worked so hard to make sure that these Olympic Games provided a lifetime of great new memories. ” But many Brazilians felt that the statement fell short. “Lochte apologizes but doesn’t admit lying,” said Rodrigo Mattos, a sports commentator for UOL, one of Brazil’s largest news websites. “He’s still portraying himself as a victim. So much arrogance. ”",0
15386,"أردوغان يؤكد مواصلة ""درع الفرات"" بسوريا - RT Arabic","أردوغان يؤكد مواصلة ""درع الفرات"" بسوريا 
تاريخ النشر: 26.10.2016 | 20:02 GMT | انسخ الرابط http://ar.rt.com/i5hr أكد الرئيس التركي رجب طيب أردوغان أن بلاده ستواصل عمليةَ درع الفرات في سوريا حتى طرد داعش من مناطق حدودية. 
أما الجيش التركي فقال إن مروحية سورية قصفت فصائل ما يسمى بعملية درع الفرات التي تدعمها أنقرة قرب بلدة أخترين بريف حلب الشمالي ",0
15387,Where Has Hillary Clinton Been? Ask the Ultrarich - The New York Times,"At a private   Tuesday night at a waterfront Hamptons estate, Hillary Clinton danced alongside Jimmy Buffett, Jon Bon Jovi and Paul McCartney, and joined in a singalong finale to “Hey Jude. ” “I stand between you and the apocalypse,” a confident Mrs. Clinton declared to laughs, exhibiting a flash of   and humor to a crowd that included Calvin Klein and Harvey Weinstein and for whom the prospect of a Donald J. Trump presidency is dire. Mr. Trump has pointed to Mrs. Clinton’s noticeably scant schedule of campaign events this summer to suggest she has been hiding from the public. But Mrs. Clinton has been more than accessible to those who reside in some of the country’s most moneyed enclaves and are willing to spend hundreds of thousands of dollars to see her. In the last two weeks of August, Mrs. Clinton raked in roughly $50 million at 22   events, averaging around $150, 000 an hour, according to a New York Times tally. And while Mrs. Clinton has faced criticism for her failure to hold a news conference for months, she has fielded hundreds of questions from the ultrarich in places like the Hamptons, Martha’s Vineyard, Beverly Hills and Silicon Valley. “It’s the old adage, you go to where the money is,” said Jay S. Jacobs, a prominent New York Democrat. Mrs. Clinton raised about $143 million in August, the campaign’s best month yet. At a single event on Tuesday in Sagaponack, N. Y. 10 people paid at least $250, 000 to meet her, raising $2. 5 million. If Mr. Trump appears to be waging his campaign in rallies and network interviews, Mrs. Clinton’s second presidential bid seems to amount to a series of     with public appearances added to the schedule when they can be fit in. Last week, for example, she diverged just once from her packed   schedule to deliver a speech. Robby Mook, the Clinton campaign manager, said 2. 3 million people had contributed to the campaign, which has significantly increased the number of donors who give online in small increments. The public has gotten used to seeing Mrs. Clinton’s carefully choreographed appearances and her somewhat halting speeches and TV interviews over the course of the long  —   and sometimes seemingly joyless  —   campaign, but donors this summer have glimpsed an entirely different person. It is clear from interviews with more than a dozen attendees of Mrs. Clinton’s finance events this summer and a handful of pictures and videos of her at the   gatherings that Mrs. Clinton, often described as warm and personable in small settings, whoever the audience, can be especially relaxed, candid and even joyous in this company. Mrs. Clinton’s aides have gone to great lengths to project an image of her as    and attuned to the challenges of what she likes to call “the struggling and the striving. ” She began her campaign last year riding in a van to Iowa from New York and spent much of last summer hosting   discussions with a handful of what her campaign called “everyday Americans” in Iowa and New Hampshire. Yet some of the closest relationships Mrs. Clinton and her husband, former President Bill Clinton, have are with their longstanding contributors. If she feels most at ease around millionaires, within the gilded bubble, it is in part because they are some of her most intimate friends. “It’s like going to a wedding or a bar mitzvah  —   you catch up,” explained Mitchell Berger, a Democratic donor in Florida, about the familial nature of the events. Mr. Berger would know: He has been raising money for the Clintons since he held a   in his Fort Lauderdale office for Mr. Clinton the day after he announced his candidacy in 1991. Mr. Berger, who joined Mrs. Clinton last month at a donor event in Miami Beach, said many of the individual conversations before and after she speaks at the gatherings are centered more on grandchildren than weighty policy matters. But when she has had a    this summer about issues, Mrs. Clinton, who has promised to “reshuffle the deck” in favor of the middle class and portrayed Mr. Trump as an    billionaire, has almost exclusively been fielding the concerns of the wealthiest Americans. To businessmen who complain to Mrs. Clinton that President Obama has been unfriendly to their interests, she says she would approach business leaders more like Mr. Clinton did during his administration, which was widely considered amicable to the private sector. When financiers complain about the regulations implemented by the   financial overhaul, Mrs. Clinton reaffirms her support for strong Wall Street regulation, but adds that she is open to listening to anyone’s ideas and at times notes that she represented the banking industry as a senator. The wealthy contributors who host Mrs. Clinton often complain about her opposition to the   Partnership and express concerns that Senator Bernie Sanders of Vermont pushed her to the left on trade and other issues. Mrs. Clinton reminds them she has both opposed and supported trade deals in the past. And, as she noted at an event last month on Cape Cod in Massachusetts, Mrs. Clinton points out that she worked cooperatively with Republicans when she served in the Senate and would do so as president. “I’d say the major themes are small business, regulation and getting people back to work,” said Alan Patricof, a financier and longtime donor to Mrs. Clinton. The campaign’s finance team is led by Dennis Cheng, previously the chief   for the Clinton Foundation, and it employs a couple dozen staff members. Mr. Cheng, who attends the events with Mrs. Clinton, offers donors a number of contribution options that provide them and their families varying levels of access to Mrs. Clinton. John Morgan, a Florida lawyer and donor, described Mr. Cheng as “the master concierge. ” For a donation of $2, 700, the children (under 16) of donors at an event last month at the Sag Harbor, N. Y. estate of the hedge fund magnate Adam Sender could ask Mrs. Clinton a question. A family photo with Mrs. Clinton cost $10, 000, according to attendees. And when Mrs. Clinton attended a dinner at the Beverly Hills home of the entertainment executive Haim Saban last month, the invitation was very clear. If attendees wanted to dine and receive a photo with Mrs. Clinton they had to pay their own way: “Write not raise” $100, 000. Another advantage to choosing private   over town halls or other public events is that Mrs. Clinton can bask in an affectionate embrace as hosts try to limit confrontational engagements. Lady Lynn Forester de Rothschild, a backer of Democrats and a friend of the Clintons’ made sure attendees did not grill Mrs. Clinton at the $   lamb dinner Mrs. Forester de Rothschild hosted under a tent on the lawn of her oceanfront Martha’s Vineyard mansion. “I said, ‘Let’s make it a nice night for her and show her our love,’” Mrs. Forester de Rothschild said.   candidates from both parties often rely on August to reach vacationing donors who open their wallets, and their palatial homes. In 2012, the Republican presidential nominee, Mitt Romney, brought in close to $4 million over a single weekend from events in the Hamptons. And Mr. Trump, while netting $64 million through online and     in July, also made the trek this summer to the eastern end of Long Island to raise cash. But Mr. and Mrs. Clinton have occupied a particular place in the social fabric of the enclave. Over the past several summers, they have spent the last two weeks of August in a rented     home with a heated pool in East Hampton and in a   mansion with a private path to the beach in Sagaponack. This year, the former first couple stayed in the guesthouse of Steven Spielberg’s East Hampton compound built on nine acres overlooking Georgica and Lily Ponds. Mr. Trump’s candidacy has allowed Mrs. Clinton to reach out to a new set of donors in the area who typically give to Republicans but dislike the current nominee. (Mr. Trump feels more at home at    in Palm Beach, Fla. than in the Hamptons, where the exclusive Maidstone Club once denied him a   membership, according to The New York Post.) “The Hamptons is full of powerful, wealthy people who are bored and go to constant social events to see who else got invited and to show your status,” said Ken Sunshine, a veteran Democratic activist and public relations executive with a home in Remsenburg, N. Y. “This year,” he added, “going to a Clinton event is at the very top of the list. ”",0
15388,GOP Rep Introduces Bill Protecting Gun Rights of Military Families - Breitbart,"On January 5, Representative Blake Farenthold (  ) introduced legislation that protects the gun rights of military families by allowing the spouses of deployed military personnel to buy guns “in the state where they live due to military orders. ”[This legislation is needed in light of the Gun Control Act of 1968, which bars   citizens from purchasing handguns outside their state of residence. Farenthold’s bill recognizes that “exceptions” to that prohibition were made “for active duty military personnel,” but no exception was made for their spouses. This means spouses of a deployed military member could easily find themselves in a home unarmed —  i. e. defenseless —  for months at a time.  Farenthold’s bill is titled, “Protect Our Military Families’ 2nd Amendment Rights Act. ” In the press release which accompanied the Act’s introduction Farenthold said, “Our military spouses give up a great deal to support their active duty service member, often moving far from home and far from family to be with their spouse. Military spouses should not be denied their Second Amendment rights based on the orders of the military member. They have the right to defend themselves and their families just like anyone else. ” A text of the Act was sent to Breitbart News and its language amends current codes so that military spouses’ residency is determined like the residency of active duty military personnel, as relates to the exercise of Second Amendment rights. The Act says: A member of the Armed Forces on active duty, or a spouse of such a member, is a resident of —   ‘‘(1) the State in which the member or spouse maintains legal residence  ‘‘(2) the State in which the permanent duty station of the member is located and ‘‘(3) the State in which the member maintains a place of abode from which the member commutes each day to the permanent duty station of the member. ” In the wake of recent, heinous attacks witnessed against our stateside military personnel at Chattanooga (July 16, 2015) and Fort Hood (November 5, 2009 and April 2, 2014) —  as well as at other installations —  taking steps that protect military families who are also near these installations is a necessity. AWR Hawkins is the Second Amendment columnist for Breitbart News and host of “Bullets with AWR Hawkins,” a Breitbart News podcast. He is also the political analyst for Armed American Radio. Follow him on Twitter: @AWRHawkins. Reach him directly at awrhawkins@breitbart. com.",0
15389,Скандал вокруг Пак Кын Хе и Чхве Сун Силь – давление оппозиции продолжается | Новое восточное обозрение,"Страна: Южная Корея Главным событием последней недели был состоявшийся 12 ноября 2016 г. массовый митинг, на котором, если верить оппозиции, собралось около миллиона человек. Полиция называет меньшее число, но дело в иных методиках подсчета: организаторы учитывают всех, кто участвовал в митинге во все время с его начала до завершения, а власти – максимальное количество митингующих, присутствующих одновременно. Однако, даже если взять данные полиции про 260 тысяч, фотографии показывают центр города, практически полностью забитый демонстрантами с плакатами «Пак Кын Хе – в отставку». Это самое масштабное мероприятие как минимум с 2000 года, – а некоторые вспоминали протесты против военной диктатуры в 1987 г., когда на улицах тоже было до миллиона протестующих. Как сообщает международное радио Кореи, рекорд лета 2008 года, когда против импорта в Южную Корею американской мясной продукции протестовали порядка 700 тыс. человек, точно был побит. Главные организаторы действа – три оппозиционных партии (руководство которых приняло участие в демонстрации) и 1500 гражданских организаций, возглавляющих движение за уход президента. Кроме того, до начала основного митинга в Сеуле прошли отдельные выступления гражданских организаций, представляющих различные круги общества: крестьяне требовали ухода нынешнего политического руководства и обеспечения стабильных цен на рис, прошли выступления профсоюзов. Гулянье обошлось без серьезных эксцессов – оппозиция подчеркивала мирный характер требований, а вице-премьер по социальным вопросам, министр образования Ли Чжун Сик за день до того выступил с обращением к народу и призвал участников митинга сохранять спокойный формат мероприятия, придерживаясь мирных принципов Конституции: так как страна переживает большие трудности в сфере экономики и безопасности, народ должен объединить усилия для нормализации государственного управления. Большой митинг прошел с пяти до десяти часов вечера, хотя около тысячи митингующих оставалось в районе станции метро Кёнбоккун до двух ночи, после чего полиция все-таки вытеснила их, и к четырем движение было восстановлено. Полиция задержала 24 человека, проявивших чрезмерную агрессивность в отношении сотрудников правоохранительных органов. Еще 28 человек попали в больницы из-за проблем со здоровьем. По этой же причине были госпитализированы двое полицейских. Для такого мероприятия – это очень мало, особенно если учесть, что колонне демонстрантов разрешили пройти практически рядом с Голубым домом, «дабы президент услышала мнение народа». Отсутствие провокаций – хороший знак, но перейдем к другим релевантным событиям недели. Главный вопрос в том, найдет ли следствие убедительные улики против Чхве Сун Силь, способные ударить и по президенту. Второй вопрос – сможет ли оппозиция, играя на массовых эмоциях, добиться своих целей и без предъявления улик. Именно это сейчас – основная тема парламентских дебатов. 9 ноября лидер парламентской фракции Сэнури Чон Чжин Сок потребовал от оппозиции содействия в нормализации политической ситуации в стране. По словам Чон Чжин Сока, как только будет сформировано правительство национального единства, Пак Кын Хе рассмотрит вопрос выхода из состава правящей партии Сэнури. Одновременно лидер партии Ли Чжон Хён раскритиковал требование бывшего лидера оппозиционной Демократической партии Мун Чжэ Ина о передаче полномочий верховного главнокомандующего и права введения военного положения премьер-министру и указал, что это походит на стремление прекратить действие Конституции. В ответ лидер оппозиционной Демократической партии Тобуро Чху Мэ Э заявила, что нужно сосредоточиться на выяснении правды и наказании виновных и в очередной раз потребовала от президента отойти от дел государственного управления. В тот же день лидеры трёх оппозиционных партий провели встречу, на которой потребовали от главы государства обеспечить широкие полномочия премьер-министру и отказаться от участия в решении важных политических вопросов. 11 ноября слушания продолжились. Чху Ми Э подчеркнула, что необходимость отказа Пак Кын Хе от полномочий верховного главнокомандующего даже не обсуждается, и подвергла критике действия правящей партии Сэнури, которая, по её мнению, лишь пытается защитить президента. Председатель временного комитета Народной партии Пак Чи Вон тем более призвал начать движение за отставку главы государства. Однако министр юстиции Ким Хён Ун выразил недовольство тем, что против Чхве Сун Силь выдвигают обвинения, не подкреплённые доказательствами. Он подчеркнул, что если в ходе следствия в отношении Чхве Сун Силь будут выявлены факты незаконного получения капитала или имущества, то вопрос будет решаться в соответствии с законом. В этой связи лидер фракции Сэнури Чон Чжин Сок выразил сожаление по поводу того, что оппозиция даже не пытается сотрудничать. Прокуратура тем временем намерена выяснить подробности связей Чхве Сун Силь и президента, а также — планирует проверить показания бывшего советника президента РК по вопросам государственной политики Ан Чжон Бома, согласно которым Пак Кын Хе поощряла учреждение фондов MIR и K-Sports, а также сбор средств в них с частных компаний. Ан подозревается в причастности к процессу сбора средств в пользу фондов MIR и K-Sports с крупных компаний, в том числе Lotte и SK Group. На это, в частности, указывал бывший глава фонда K-Sports Чон Хён Сик. Eсли ранее Ан все отрицал, то 10 ноября, как сообщила прокуратура, Ан сказал, что по приказу Пак занимался «выдаиванием» пожертвований но не знал, что за всем этим стоит Чхве . Выяснилось также, что у Ана был дневник, в котором имеются записи приватных встреч президента с руководством таких компаний, как LG, Самсон/Samsung или Хёндэ/ Hyundai . Записи встреч, правда, относятся к июлю 2015 года, но компании как раз те, что делали пожертвования в фонды из которых Чхве предположительно выкачивала деньги. Дневник этот передал прокуратуре не сам Ан, а один из сотрудников Голубого дома, что на самом деле не менее любопытно, чем история про оставленный в заброшенном доме планшетный компьютер с главным компроматом против Чхве. Ведущая консервативная газета РК Чосон Ильбо на этом фоне пишет, что ее источники в бизнесе говорят, что на таких встречах один на один лидеры корпораций вручали президенту «списки пожеланий» и что это можно рассматривать как взятки. Как кажется автору, так можно трактовать иную ситуацию – подарки или пожертвования в обмен на «пожелания» от президента. Также Ан рассказал следствию, что Пак приказала ему помочь Ча Ын Тхэку, человеку из близкого круга Чхве, прибрать к рукам некую рекламную компанию. Это подтверждает историю, в которой Ча добился своего, бравируя связями на самом верху. Чон Хо Сон, бывший секретарь президента, также подтвердил, что по приказу Пак передавал Чхве Сун Силь документы с грифом ДСП, и у него есть записи телефонных разговоров, которые это подтверждают. Последнее, однако, вызывает удивление – выходит, что секретарь президента записывал служебные переговоры первого лица для того, чтобы потом предъявить их следствию. Или для чего-то еще? Сама Пак при этом тоже готова сотрудничать со следствием. Как сообщил 12 ноября секретарь президента по гражданским делам Чхве Чжэ Гён, прокуратура может допросить действующего президента. Если Пак Кын Хе будет допрошена, это станет первым подобным случаем в истории страны. И хотя в соответствии с Конституцией против президента не может быть возбуждено уголовное дело, юристы считают, что допрос в рамках антикоррупционного расследования допустим. В остальном поддержка президента РК Пак Кын Хе вторую неделю остаётся рекордно низким – 5%. Об этом свидетельствуют результаты опроса 1003 респондентов, опубликованные 11 ноября агентством Gallup Korea. Число недовольных её деятельностью граждан достигло 90%, и самый высокий уровень ее поддержки в родном регионе (город Тэгу и провинция Кёнсан-Пукто) составляет 9%, что на 1% ниже, чем неделю назад. В ряде регионов (провинция Чолла, основная база оппозиции) или среди молодёжи до 30 лет вообще отмечена нулевая поддержка. Выполнять свои функции главе государства при этом тяжело, и работа президентского аппарата фактически парализована. 8 ноября представитель МИД РК Чо Чжун Хёк заявил, что Пак Кын Хе приняла решение отменить своё участие в саммите АТЭС, который состоится 19-20 ноября в Лиме. Президент РК впервые пропустит такое мероприятие, и хотя по протоколу вместо главы государства в саммите может принять участие премьер-министр, утверждение такового тоже пока проходит в обстановке парламентской борьбы. Под вопросом и участие Пак Кын Хе в предстоящем трёхстороннем южнокорейско-китайско-японском саммите. Константин Асмолов, кандидат исторических наук, ведущий научный сотрудник Центра корейских исследований Института Дальнего Востока РАН, специально для интернет-журнала «Новое Восточное Обозрение». Популярные статьи ",0
15390,Like a “Concentration Camp” Police Mark DAPL Protesters with Numbers and Lock Them in Dog Kennels,"By Claire Bernish On Thursday, police from no less than five states sporting full riot gear and armed with heavy lethal and nonlethal weaponry, pepper... ",0
15391,‘Hell Hath No Fury Like a Woman Warned’ - The New York Times,"Here are the top 10 comments of the week on our digital platforms, as selected by our readers and the journalists who moderate nearly every comment. 1. I’ve been lucky to see many great sports moments in my life (Dave Wottle’s 1972 Olympic   victory might still be number one) including the Super Bowl two years ago. But, this is in the top three somewhere. The poise, the coaching, the team spirit and personal achievement that lets a comeback like this happen without really any one big sensational long td play (although Edelman’s catch  —   one of the greatest ever) or unfair call in their favor, cannot be touched in the    history of the SB. Without slighting any of the amazing players on their team, I couldn’t be prouder today to be a [Tom] Brady and [Bill] Belichick fan. It is about remarkable character, organization and discipline.  —   David H. Eisenberg in Smithtown, N. Y. reacting to an article about Super Bowl LI, won in overtime by the New England Patriots   over the Atlanta Falcons.  2. Anyone who knows Lady Gaga’s music knows it’s socially conscious, drilling the point home about love and acceptance. Pepsi knew this when they asked her to perform. So who is really sending the message? Bravo, Pepsi for not being afraid.  —   Rebecca Rutigliano Davis on The Times’s Facebook page, responding to an article about Lady Gaga’s performance at the Super Bowl halftime show.  3. Buckle up, Mitch: Hell hath no fury like a woman warned.  —   J. Burkett in Austin, Tex. reacting to an article about Republican senators, led by Senator Mitch McConnell of Kentucky, the majority leader, who voted to silence Senator Elizabeth Warren, Democrat of Massachusetts, on the eve of Senator Jeff Sessions’ confirmation vote. This comment received more than 4, 500 reader recommendations. 4. It was appropriate that Senator Warren should take her seat after she continued reading an inflammatory, unproven information. We need a return to reason. I am glad to see that the Senate is still functioning amid such hysteria. Senator Warren is championing a hysterical and inflammatory approach toward moving forward. She is convinced of her own righteousness, and is unfit for office, as she and others like her are the bigots, filled with hate and unwilling to hear nor consider opposing points of view.  —   Let’s Be Grown Ups in Louisiana. 5. Do we really want judges making national security decisions? I think the Constitution and the statutes do give presidents broad powers over immigration. We liked that during President Obama’s term. I believe the ban is vulnerable on religious discrimination grounds, but it seems to me that people outside the U. S. do not have any Constitutional rights (unless they have visas or green cards which do give them some rights).  —   JT NC in North Carolina, reacting to an article about a federal appeals panel unanimously rejecting President Trump’s efforts to reinstate a ban on travelers entering the United States from seven largely Muslim countries. 6. I am currently 14 hours into labor with my first child, and this is all the pain relief I need.  —   Anne in San Jose, Calif. This comment received more than 3, 700 reader recommendations. 7. My husband and I still pay the rent for our daughters, one of whom is in culinary school, the other a college student. Yes they have jobs. Yes they pay some of their own bills, but they don’t make enough money to pay rent and we live too far from their schools for them to commute. They will eventually be in a position to be on their own, but for now, we are guaranteeing that they have the chance to succeed.  —   Dena Kendig on The Times’s Facebook page, responding to an article about the nearly half of urbanites in their early 20s whose parents provide them assistance with their housing costs.  This comment received more than 340 likes.  8. Part of being an adult is living within your means  —   not within you and your parents’ means. I feel like the younger generation has missed out on that lesson.  —   Jesse in Houston. This comment received more than 170 reader recommendations. 9. If theaters are going to sell wine and special mixed drinks in souvenir cups, they must have potty parity.  —   Clio in Michigan, reacting to an article about the paucity of bathrooms in many old Broadway theaters and the ensuing long lines at intermission. 10. Mr. Darcy was more ballet dancer than beefcake. Nevertheless, she persisted.  —   Heather Bahniuk Martin on The Times’s Facebook page, responding to an article about a study by British literature professors positing that Mr. Darcy, the romantic hero of “Pride and Prejudice,” would not have been as romantically appealing to modern eyes as Colin Firth, the actor who portrayed him in BBC’s 1995 adaptation. This comment received more than 270 likes. ",0
15392,A Letter to the Doctors and Nurses Who Cared for My Wife - The New York Times,"After his    wife suffered a devastating asthma attack and later died, the Boston writer Peter DeMarco wrote the following letter to the intensive care unit staff of CHA Cambridge Hospital who cared for her and helped him cope. As I begin to tell my friends and family about the seven days you treated my wife, Laura Levis, in what turned out to be the last days of her young life, they stop me at about the 15th name that I recall. The list includes the doctors, nurses, respiratory specialists, social workers, even cleaning staff members who cared for her. “How do you remember any of their names?” they ask. How could I not, I respond. Every single one of you treated Laura with such professionalism, and kindness, and dignity as she lay unconscious. When she needed shots, you apologized that it was going to hurt a little, whether or not she could hear. When you listened to her heart and lungs through your stethoscopes, and her gown began to slip, you pulled it up to respectfully cover her. You spread a blanket, not only when her body temperature needed regulating, but also when the room was just a little cold, and you thought she’d sleep more comfortably that way. You cared so greatly for her parents, helping them climb into the room’s awkward recliner, fetching them fresh water almost by the hour, and by answering every one of their medical questions with incredible patience. My    a doctor himself as you learned, felt he was involved in her care. I can’t tell you how important that was to him. Then, there was how you treated me. How would I have found the strength to have made it through that week without you? How many times did you walk into the room to find me sobbing, my head down, resting on her hand, and quietly go about your task, as if willing yourselves invisible? How many times did you help me set up the recliner as close as possible to her bedside, crawling into the mess of wires and tubes around her bed in order to swing her forward just a few feet? How many times did you check in on me to see whether I needed anything, from food to drink, fresh clothes to a hot shower, or to see whether I needed a better explanation of a medical procedure, or just someone to talk to? How many times did you hug me and console me when I fell to pieces, or ask about Laura’s life and the person she was, taking the time to look at her photos or read the things I’d written about her? How many times did you deliver bad news with compassionate words, and sadness in your eyes? When I needed to use a computer for an emergency email, you made it happen. When I smuggled in a very special visitor, our tuxedo cat, Cola, for one final lick of Laura’s face, you “didn’t see a thing. ” And one special evening, you gave me full control to usher into the I. C. U. more than 50 people in Laura’s life, from friends to   to college alums to family members. It was an outpouring of love that included guitar playing and opera singing and dancing and new revelations to me about just how deeply my wife touched people. It was the last great night of our marriage together, for both of us, and it wouldn’t have happened without your support. There is another moment  —   actually, a single hour  —   that I will never forget. On the final day, as we waited for Laura’s organ donor surgery, all I wanted was to be alone with her. But family and friends kept coming to say their goodbyes, and the clock ticked away. About 4 p. m. finally, everyone had gone, and I was emotionally and physically exhausted, in need of a nap. So I asked her nurses, Donna and Jen, if they could help me set up the recliner, which was so uncomfortable, but all I had, next to Laura again. They had a better idea. They asked me to leave the room for a moment, and when I returned, they had shifted Laura to the right side of her bed, leaving just enough room for me to crawl in with her one last time. I asked if they could give us one hour without a single interruption, and they nodded, closing the curtains and the doors, and shutting off the lights. I nestled my body against hers. She looked so beautiful, and I told her so, stroking her hair and face. Pulling her gown down slightly, I kissed her breasts, and laid my head on her chest, feeling it rise and fall with each breath, her heartbeat in my ear. It was our last tender moment as a husband and a wife, and it was more natural and pure and comforting than anything I’ve ever felt. And then I fell asleep. I will remember that last hour together for the rest of my life. It was a gift beyond gifts, and I have Donna and Jen to thank for it. Really, I have all of you to thank for it. With my eternal gratitude and love, Peter DeMarco",0
15393,Black Lives Matter leader DeRay McKesson endorses Clinton,"Black Lives Matter leader DeRay McKesson endorses Clinton McKesson praised Clinton's platform for seeking to reform parts of her husband's 1994 crime bill Mallory Shelbourne | The Hill - October 26, 2016 Comments Top Black Lives Matter activist DeRay McKesson on Wednesday endorsed Hillary Clinton for president. 
“Clinton’s platform on racial justice is strong: It is informed by the policy failings of the past and is a vision for where we need to go,” McKesson wrote in a Washington Post op-ed . Clinton hosted a meeting with McKesson and other Black Lives Matter activists in the fall to discuss the Campaign Zero plan to end police violence. McKesson wrote that Clinton “didn’t appear to understand the urgency of the need to address racism” when she began running for the White House but that her position on racial justice is now “strong.”",0
15394,Women Should Vote With Their Husbands,"Taki's Magazine October 28, 2016 
This election is going to have unprecedented political infidelity. A good 20 percent of husbands for Trump predict their wife won’t vote with them. This is wrong for a number of reasons but the biggie is, a family is supposed to be a cohesive unit. He can’t have his better half canceling out his vote. Even if a husband wants to vote badly—say, for Hillary—his wife should stand by her man and make the same mistake. Nobody’s saying there can’t be discussions and women shouldn’t have their own political beliefs, but the final decision comes down to the guy paying the bills and she should abide by that. This is counterintuitive because we live in a feminist fantasyland, but it’s really the same as deciding where your family is going to live. A married couple agree where they’re going to go based on what’s best for the kids. If he gets an amazing job offer in Cleveland but she’s a city gal from Manhattan, she needs to accept that Ohio is best for the future of their family. Voting is the same. You’re deciding where the country is going to go based on what’s best for future generations. 
Unfortunately, this is not happening. A map of America “if just men voted” is almost completely red, whereas a map of America “if just women voted” is almost completely blue. The maps don’t differentiate between married and single, but judging by this massive split in what gender likes what candidate, we can assume the married map would be similar. Single people are a lost cause anyway. The women vote almost exclusively out of spite. They are voting for Hillary because she has a pussy, they hate Trump because he grabbed one, and they elected Obama because he makes theirs wet (they elected Trudeau because he is one). As for single men, I’m not convinced they even vote . There are also stay-at-home dads and situations where the woman is the breadwinner. This is awkward, but if you’ve made her the patriarch then her husband (a.k.a. wife) needs to vote with her. For the most part, however, we’re talking about a home where the father makes the lion’s share of the money and the woman’s contribution is using her magic powers to make babies. They have a symbiotic relationship where they’re both utilizing their greatest strengths. Patriarchs are best at driving, so he’s the helmsman. He doesn’t want to fight about it because he doesn’t want to rock the boat, but for her to turn starboard while he’s going port is to split everything in half and now the whole family is drowning. Voting against your husband is a tiny divorce. The Best of Gavin McInnes Tags: Described as ""The Godfather of Hipsterdom,"" Canadian expat Gavin McInnes is a writer who cofounded Vice Magazine in 1994. After selling his shares in early 2008, he cofounded the website Street Carnage as well as the advertising agency Rooster New York where he serves as creative director. He is a regular on the Fox News show Red Eye and recently published a book of memoirs with Simon & Schuster entitled How to Piss in Public. Follow @Gavin_McInnes on Twitter.",0
15395,Free Wi-Fi Kiosks Were to Aid New Yorkers. An Unsavory Side Has Spurred a Retreat. - The New York Times,"The   kiosks in New York were designed to replace phone booths and allow users to consult maps, maybe check the weather or charge their phones. But they have also attracted people who linger for hours, sometimes drinking and doing drugs and, at times, boldly watching pornography on the sidewalks. Now, yielding to complaints, the operator of the kiosks, LinkNYC network, is shutting off their internet browsers, but not their other functions, while it works out a Plan B with city officials. The switch, announced on Wednesday, is a case study in unintended consequences, commendable goals gone somewhat awry. Mayor Bill de Blasio’s aim of providing modern technology to the masses ran headlong into the reality of life on the city’s streets. After months of complaints from residents, businesses and other elected officials, Mr. de Blasio, a Democrat, conceded that combining unfettered internet access with free   was a recipe for bad behavior. The retreat comes just seven months after the mayor introduced the network amid much fanfare as a key plank of his promise to bridge the digital divide in the city. The kiosks would replace more than 7, 500 public pay phones and bring free   and phone service to every neighborhood. Users were expected to make short stops at the kiosks. But the sites quickly attracted homeless people and other idle users who took full advantage of the unlimited access to the internet to turn the kiosks into al fresco living rooms, watching movies and playing music for hours. “People are congregating around these Links to the point where they’re bringing furniture and building little encampments clustered around them,” said Barbara A. Blair, president of the Garment District Alliance, a business group in Manhattan. “It’s created this really unfortunate and actually deplorable condition. ” Ms. Blair said her organization of Midtown merchants and property owners had welcomed the kiosks as an overdue replacement for increasingly outdated phone booths that were attracting vagrants and drug dealers. “We’re a modern city we should have ” Ms. Blair said. “But when something has an outcome that you completely weren’t anticipating, then you have to go back and reconsider. Maybe other cities don’t have this problem. ” Councilman Corey Johnson, a Democrat whose district encompasses Greenwich Village, Chelsea and part of Midtown, said police officials had asked for the removal of “several problematic kiosks” along Eighth Avenue. He said he had observed people watching pornography on the kiosk screens with children nearby. “These kiosks are often monopolized by individuals creating personal spaces for themselves, engaging in activities that include playing loud explicit music, consuming drugs and alcohol, and the viewing of pornography,” Mr. Johnson wrote in a letter last month to officials of the city and LinkNYC. In a Sept. 1 meeting at his office, Mr. Johnson said, officials agreed to his demand for a moratorium on the installation of additional kiosks on Eighth and Ninth Avenues in his district. But a spokeswoman for the mayor, Natalie Grybauskas, said the Police Department had not made any official request for kiosks to be removed. In a statement explaining the decision, Ms. Grybauskas said: “There were concerns about loitering and extended use of LinkNYC kiosks, so the mayor is addressing these    complaints head on. Removing the internet browser from LinkNYC tablets will not affect the other great services LinkNYC provides  —   superfast   free phone calls or access to key city services  —   but will address concerns we’ve heard from our fellow New Yorkers. ” Jen Hensley, general manager of LinkNYC, said the consortium that built and operated the kiosks had begun “removing the internet browsers while we look at ways to enhance the service. ” She said those changes could include adding services, as well as bringing back the browsers with limitations on their use. Ms. Hensley described the process of designing the kiosks as “iterative,” noting that several changes had already been made, including turning down the volume of the speakers at night and adding filters to prevent users from accessing pornography. The latest change would not slow the planned rollout of the kiosks throughout the five boroughs, she added. So far, about 400 have been installed in the Bronx, Manhattan and Queens. Continuing to build the network is critical for the consortium, which is relying on the sale of ads on the sides of the kiosks. It has pledged to share at least $500 million in ad revenue with the city over the first 12 years. Despite the efforts to filter out objectionable material, city officials have continued to receive complaints about people watching pornography at the kiosks. The filters do not affect internet access using the   signals on personal phones or   tablets. Gale A. Brewer, the Manhattan borough president, who had demanded changes to the kiosks, said she was pleased to hear about the shutdown of the browsers, and noted that the free   was the true benefit of the kiosks. “I don’t think anybody should be able to sit there and watch movies all day long,” Ms. Brewer, a Democrat, said. “People are pulling up sofas or chairs or what have you. ” She likened turning off the browsers to the decision during the crack cocaine epidemic of the 1980s to block pay phones from accepting calls. All along Amsterdam Avenue, she said, crack dealers were using pay phones as business offices. “When we changed the incoming calls, we got rid of the drug dealers at the phone booths,” Ms. Brewer recalled. “I don’t know where they went, but they were gone. ”",0
15396,Hillary Is DONE After Blunt Cowboy Makes Shocking Announcement On Live TV,"Hillary Is DONE After Blunt Cowboy Makes Shocking Announcement On Live TV Posted on October 27, 2016 by Amanda Shea in Politics Share This Fox News Host (left), Texas Agriculture Commissioner Sid Miller (right) 
Lies and cover-ups don’t sit well with Texas Agriculture Commissioner Sid Miller who took advantage of his live interviewÂ to make a shocking announcement. After exposing Hillary Clinton and leaving the reporter speechless, it’s safe to say that it’s over for the lying Democratic candidate. 
Miller went on Fox News on Wednesday to discuss what he was witness to in his state that Hillary definitely didn’t want to get out. With election day just around the corner, when a crucial decision falls into the hands of Americans who will determine the course to the country for the next four years, the proudÂ cowboy didn’t hold back. He delivered a stunning statement thatÂ not only put Hillary in her place, it shut her down completely. 
This election has been unlike any other in history and apparently so has the early voter turnout, namely in the Lone Star State. It’s not even voting day yet, but patriotic Texans have already turned out in record-breaking droves to be sure to get their ballot in early, with an overwhelming number voting for Donald Trump. The attendance at his rallies seems to have translated to the polls, but Miller also revealed something else in his statement that needs to be known. 
“We have a record number of people registered to vote in Texas. Weâre having record turnouts, the first day, the second day of voting. And itâs not Bernie Sanders supporters coming out to support Hillary. Itâs not Barack Obama supporters coming out to support Hillary,” he first announced before makingÂ the next stunning statement. “ Itâs a new surge of Trump voters, many who have never registered to vote. Many who have not voted in eight or ten elections so theyâre not reported in the polls âŚ” YUGE RECORD BREAKING VOTES in TEXAS!!! & Its Not Bernie Fans or Obama Voters for Hillary Clinton!! ALLL Donald Trump Folksđ #wednesdaywisdom pic.twitter.com/Sn79fMhwXG 
— DEPLORABLE TRUMPCAT (@Darren32895836) October 26, 2016 
Trump has awoken the American spirit in all of us, including those with no previous interest in politics or voting who now feel called to action by his energy and the need for that in our leadership.Â Hillary has tried her hardest to convince the public that the race is over before it’s even ended by claiming the win and painting Trump as inept. She’s employed tactics of oversampling Democrats to skew the poll results and “prove” her point, but the reality is revealedÂ in the record we’re seeing set already in Texas â which is likely just the start. 
The only emotion Hillary has stirred in the majority of citizens is divisiveness and hate, while her counterpart has done something she is not and will never be capable of. Single-handedly, Trump brought back what Americans have been desperate for over the last eight years of lame duck leadership from Barack Obama. We want someone who proves that he loves his country, is ready to enact real change that everyone can see and not just be lied to about, a man who keeps his promises, loves the God that our country was built on, and will do whatever it takes to honor our rights and defeat our enemies.",0
15397,Trump Fires Warning Shot in Battle Between Bannon and Kushner - The New York Times,"WASHINGTON  —   As he grappled on Thursday with his first major decision involving military action, a   and frustrated President Trump turned to his two top aides and told them he had had enough of their incessant   in the media. “Work this out,” Mr. Trump said, according to two people briefed on the exchange. The admonition was aimed at Stephen K. Bannon, the tempestuous chief strategist, and Reince Priebus, the   chief of staff, over a series of   with Jared Kushner, the president’s    and senior adviser, and the top economic adviser, Gary D. Cohn. But they may not be able to. The president is said to be aware that a meaningful reconciliation will take work to achieve between Mr. Bannon, who sees himself as the keeper of Mr. Trump’s campaign promises, and the competing ideologies of Mr. Kushner and Mr. Cohn, a longtime Wall Street executive and a Democrat. And he is considering a   of his senior staff, according to four people with direct knowledge of the process. Whether he acts on it remains to be seen. Mr. Trump has often pondered making changes for several weeks or even months before making them, if he does at all. He has a high tolerance for chaos, and a unique gift for creating it  —   and, despite his famous “You’re fired!” tagline from the show “The Apprentice,” an aversion to dismissing people. But this past week, one that some of his aides considered the best of his presidency, was marred by fits, starts and   wounds  —   and the constant churn of news accounts of a White House at war with itself finally wore the president out. And notice of a possible   was a warning shot to his team to make adjustments. A spokeswoman for Mr. Trump, Sarah Huckabee Sanders, insisted that such accounts were untrue. “Once again this is a completely false story driven by people who want to distract from the success taking place in this administration,” she said in an emailed statement. “The President’s pick for the Supreme Court (a decision that has generational impact) was confirmed today, we hosted multiple foreign leaders this week and the President took bold and decisive military action against Syria last night. The only thing we are shaking up is the way Washington operates as we push the President’s aggressive agenda forward. ” But two people who have spoken with Mr. Trump said he recognized that the continuing state of drama was unsustainable. No changes are imminent, they said. But the president is considering a range of options, including a shift in role for Mr. Bannon, who has become increasingly isolated in the White House as other power centers have grown, as well as additional senior staff. Mr. Priebus has been a source of contention for a number of Mr. Trump’s former advisers, with the president pushing back on criticism with the response that the former chairman of the Republican National Committee is a “nice guy. ” Mr. Bannon, a     confidant of the president’s whose roving job in the White House has given him influence over policy and hiring decisions, now finds himself in the undesirable position of being caught between the president and his family. That is a position that others have not survived, most notably Corey Lewandowski, the first of the president’s three campaign managers. Mr. Bannon, whose portfolio is broad but vague as a chief strategist, has told people he believes Mr. Kushner’s allies have undermined him, that he has no plans to quit and is digging in for a fight. One option being discussed is moving Mr. Bannon to a different role. His allies at an outside group supporting him run by his main benefactor, the investor Rebekah Mercer, have also discussed him joining them to provide strategy. Mr. Kushner, 36, a government neophyte who has taken on a much larger portfolio as a top West Wing aide and foreign envoy, was said to be displeased after hearing that Mr. Bannon made critical remarks about him to other aides and Trump associates while he was in Iraq recently. Mr. Bannon has told confidants that he believes Mr. Kushner’s contact with Russians, and his expected testimony before Congress on the subject, will become a major distraction for the White House. Kushner allies have also raised the issue with the president of the increasingly unflattering coverage that Mr. Kushner is receiving from Breitbart News, the   website that Mr. Bannon used to run. But Mr. Bannon has his own core of supporters outside the White House. And he has argued that Mr. Kushner’s efforts to pull his    more to the center on issues like immigration would poison him with the conservative base  —   a hopeless position to be in because Mr. Bannon believes so few Democrats would ever consider supporting Mr. Trump. In the White House blame game, no one is safe. Mr. Bannon’s team is blamed for the contested and controversial travel bans. Mr. Priebus was damaged by the failure of health care legislation. Mr. Kushner has yet to show he can master his own portfolio, and his role is so large that miscues will be magnified. Mr. Trump does not like any staff member gaining too much attention, including those who are related to him. He had three campaign   in the 2016 cycle, and he tends to make changes based on instinct. As he learns the job of a president, his allies say, he was destined to make such changes. There is a long history of presidents making staff changes, and one of Mr. Trump’s predecessors, Bill Clinton, made changes within the first six months of his administration. Newt Gingrich, an informal adviser to Mr. Trump and a former House speaker, said, “I think first of all a very high amount of tension in the White House is normal. ” “I think they have particular tension right now because the health bill failed,” he added. The stories about infighting “probably bother him some,” Mr. Gingrich said. “But do I think they’re damaging to his   prospects? I think they’re noise. ”",0
15398,Another Fugitive Mexican Governor Faces New Charges in U.S. None in Mexico,"MCALLEN, Texas  —   A   fugitive Mexican governor who continues to be on the run is now facing additional charges after authorities unsealed a new indictment. [Breitbart Texas learned that federal prosecutors recently obtained a second superseding indictment against fugitive former Tamaulipas Governor Eugenio Hernandez Flores accusing him of multiple money laundering and bank fraud charges.  Federal authorities listed Hernandez as a fugitive in 2015 when they unsealed an indictment accusing him of conspiring to launder illicit sums of money and of funneling   funds into the U. S. The allegations point to Hernandez using a network of individuals to funnel embezzled funds and cartel bribes. The original indictment also includes his brother in law Oscar Manuel Gomez Guerra. While listed as a fugitive in the U. S. Mexico’s Attorney General’s Office (PGR) confirmed on Monday that they do not have an arrest warrant for him in Mexico. Breitbart Texas published a leaked document that proves that the State of Tamaulipas under a previous administration had been assigning state cops to serve as the personal bodyguards for Hernandez and another fugitive governor named Tomas Yarrington. Despite being wanted by the U. S. Department of Justice, he continues to make public appearances in Mexico. As Breitbart Texas has been reporting, in recent months, various individuals tied to the upper echelons of political society have been indicted or pleaded guilty to various money laundering charges that stemmed from the Hernandez administration. Under Hernandez’s term, Mexican drug organizations like Los Zetas and the Gulf Cartels went largely untouched while multiple government officials received hefty bribes. The criminal cases still have several names that remain under seal. Last month, Breitbart Texas reported on the arrest of Monica Roca Perez, a Tamaulipas socialite arrested in the U. S. in connection with another money laundering conspiracy also linked to Hernandez.  Roca Perez appears to have allegedly purchased a home on behalf of Adriana Gonzalez, the wife of Eugenio Hernandez. Authorities have not charged Gonzalez with a crime. Hernandez is the second governor of Tamaulipas to be indicted in the U. S. on money laundering charges. As Breitbart Texas has been reporting this week, tensions arose between the U. S. government and the Mexican government over the extradition of Tomas Yarrington Ruvalcaba, a former governor of Tamaulipas who was arrested in Italy last Sunday. Mexico’s Attorney General’s Office (PGR) tried to take credit for the arrest when in fact the case was based on the work of agents with U. S. Homeland Security Investigation and Italian authorities. During a series of stories since the day of the arrest, Breitbart Texas has caught the PGR in twisting facts and lies in an effort to save face. According to the indictment in that case, during his time as governor, Yarrington allegedly took bribes from the Gulf Cartel and Los Zetas in exchange for protection and giving them operational control of Tamaulipas. Then after serving as governor, he allegedly worked with Los Zetas and the Beltran Leyva Cartel to move large shipments of drugs using the Port of Veracruz. Eugenio Hernandez 2nd Superseding Indictment by ildefonso ortiz on Scribd, Ildefonso Ortiz is an   journalist with Breitbart Texas. He   the Cartel Chronicles project with Brandon Darby and Stephen K. Bannon.  You can follow him on Twitter and Facebook. Brandon Darby is managing director and    of Breitbart Texas. He   the Cartel Chronicles project with Ildefonso Ortiz and Stephen K. Bannon. Follow him on Twitter and Facebook.",0
15399,"100 Days of Trump in Asia: Winning over Duterte, Golf with Abe, and a ’Not as Good’ Deal with China - Breitbart","The administration of President Barack Obama made much ado about their “pivot to Asia,” an attempt to prioritize the continent over traditional alliances with Europe. [Partly due to this policy, President Donald Trump entered the White House facing tensions at an   high with rogue state North Korea and at a diplomatic disadvantage in regions like the South China Sea. As a candidate, Trump defined his Asia policy much like he did his attitude towards domestic political issues: identifying a clear enemy, vowing loyalty to allies who help contain the threat, and promising the American people that he would only make good deals at the negotiating table.  With the exceptions of North Korea and Japan, President Trump has proven somewhat more malleable than the candidate. Trump has demanded an end to tensions on the Korean peninsula and proven he prioritizes that conflict by sending his   officials to Seoul and Tokyo to pressure Pyongyang. In Japan’s Prime Minister Shinzo Abe, Trump has found steady support after choosing him as the first head of government to meet with following his election in November. With China, however, the Trump administration has kept its diplomacy tactful, and Trump himself has offered Chinese counterpart Xi Jinping something his voters would have never expected the candidate Trump to: a “not as good” trade deal in exchange for keeping North Korea from attacking its neighbors or, worse, the United States. Below, an   look at how Trump tackled the region’s major alliances, tensions, and unresolved problems during his first 100 days. Japan,   Trump made clear from the first day since his election that the bilateral relationship with Japan would be a top priority, meeting with Abe shortly after the election in New York, the first head of government to do so. The meeting followed confusion in Japanese media regarding Trump’s remarks on North Korea  —   the candidate Trump had suggested that Japan would be a worthy nation to possess nuclear weapons: “At some point we have to say, you know what, we’re better off if Japan protects itself against this maniac in North Korea. ” Japan, the only nation to be hit with a nuclear attack in history, bristled at the possibility. As recently as this month, however, reports suggested that placing American nuclear assets in the region to curb North Korean belligerence was on the table, but in South Korea, perhaps a nod to how sensitive the issue is in Japan. If the Trump administration’s approach towards the topic changed, it was the product of an extensive effort to make Japan feel closer to Washington. In addition to having Abe meet Trump in New York before the inauguration, the Prime Minister spent a weekend in February at the Trump estate in Florida,    playing golf with the President and discussing pivotal international relations topics. The meeting not only aided the bilateral relationship but boosted support for Abe at home: an estimated 70 percent of Japanese people approved of the visit following his return to Tokyo. Trump also made Japan one of the first international stops for his top officials: the first for Secretary of Defense James Mattis and among the first for Secretary of State Rex Tillerson and Vice President Mike Pence. While Tillerson focused on pressuring China to cooperate in curbing North Korean belligerence during his March visit, both Pence and Mattis reaffirmed the United States’ commitment to protecting Japan from China itself, notably Chinese claims in the East China Sea. China claims the Japanese Senkaku Islands as its own and has imposed an Air Defense Identification Zone (ADIZ) over them, which it cannot enforce without triggering American military action required by   War II treaties. North Korea, President Trump has made clear his intention to end the violent and tragic reign of the Kim family over North Korea during his tenure. Entering his hundredth day in office, Trump has passed North Korea’s first test  —   the “Day of the Sun,” or founder Kim  ’s birthday  —   so decisively that even CNN wondered aloud whether Trump had stumbled upon a successful North Korean policy. After a week of international speculation regarding the potential for a nuclear weapons test on the Day of the Sun (April 15) Pyongyang opted instead for a new missile test  —   which ended within seconds when the missile exploded after barely leaving the ground. The test failed shortly after President Trump asserted he was sending “an armada” to North Korea to intimidate dictator Kim  . Pivotal to solving the North Korean problem in the eyes of the Trump administration is China’s active participation. China, a fellow communist nation, is North Korea’s greatest trade partner and ally on the international stage (North Korea’s diplomatic alliances are few and far between, with governments as rightfully maligned as Syria, Venezuela, and Iran). As with many other issues, the clearest distillation of Trump policy on North Korea surfaced on Twitter, where the President wrote: “North Korea is looking for trouble. If China decides to help, that would be great. If not, we will solve the problem without them! U. S. A. ” To North Korea directly, Trump has kept his message simple: “gotta behave. ” North Korea appears not to have heeded this warning, arresting a U. S. citizen, professor Tony Kim, without cause this week. China, The Trump administration’s China policy is perhaps the most evolved since the candidate took office, as the President has gone from considering the abandonment of “One China” and recognition of Taiwan to openly suggesting he is willing to make a “not so good” trade deal with China to control North Korea. Before taking office, the   accepted a phone call from Taiwanese President Tsai   an unprecedented communication that incensed China. By February, however, Trump had told Xi in a phone call that he supported the One China policy, apparently receiving no concessions in return for turning on Taiwan. That phone call was the first communication between the two presidents, one that China “highly commended” both for sticking to Beijing’s policy and embracing the celebration of the Chinese new year. Trump then hosted Xi at    an   meeting overshadowed in the media by Trump’s decision to conduct an airstrike against Syrian dictator Bashar   while Xi was in town. The Chinese foreign ministry notably failed to condemn the airstrike, while Chinese   media deemed it provocative but necessary for Trump to prove he was “no businessman president. ” Trump appeared to completely abandon this businessman persona later in the month when refusing to label China a currency manipulator, breaking a campaign promise etched into his Contract with America. Trump spoke to Xi again in April, shortly after Xi’s arrival at    as preparations began in Pyongyang for the “Day of the sun. ” According to Trump, he told Xi in that call, “You want to make a great deal? Solve the problem in North Korea. ” “That’s worth having deficits. And that’s worth having not as good a trade deal as I would normally be able to make,” he told reporters. South China Sea Conflict, China has for years demanded control over almost the entire South China Sea, including territory belonging to Vietnam, the Philippines, Brunei, Taiwan, and Malaysia. International tribunals have rejected China’s claims China has vowed to ignore such rulings. During the Obama administration, the U. S. Navy regularly conducted “Freedom of Navigation Operations” (FONOPs) in the region, intended to keep China from claiming the region through adverse possession. A Breitbart News report in March found that the Trump administration had yet to conduct any such FONOPs, in part because of the difficulty of staffing the Pentagon. The Navy has attempted to receive permission for multiple such operations but received no answer. The Pentagon remains largely staffed by Obama holdovers and   staff. The Navy did send the USS Carl Vinson to the region for “routine” operations, a move the Chinese government condemned. While the United States has not actively challenged China in the region, Trump’s ascent has apparently emboldened at least one party to the dispute: the Philippines. Under President Obama, Philippine President Rodrigo Duterte insisted he would not challenge China in the region, claiming any military dispute between China and the Philippines would end in disaster for his country. Since Obama, who Duterte referred to as a “son of a whore” on multiple occasions, left office, Duterte has become more of a hawk, urging the United States to participate in   operations in his country and demanding the military build “structures” in the South China Sea to keep China from claiming the territory. Duterte has also requested a more robust military presence generally in the Philippine areas of the South China Sea and sent   officials to visit the disputed territory.",0
15400,Warren Buffett and Dan Gilbert Unite in Bid to Acquire Yahoo - The New York Times,"Yahoo appears to be making progress in efforts to sell itself, despite some initial skepticism. The latest piece of evidence: Among those vying for the company is the unusual combination of the investor Warren E. Buffett and Dan Gilbert, the founder of Quicken Loans and owner of the Cleveland Cavaliers. That consortium is one of several suitors that have moved into the second round of bidding for Yahoo, according to people briefed on the matter. Mr. Gilbert is leading the bid, said the people, who were not authorized to speak publicly. Mr. Buffett’s conglomerate, Berkshire Hathaway, is offering to provide financing, as he has done with the investment firm 3G Capital in its takeovers of H. J. Heinz and Kraft, and is leaving the negotiations to Mr. Gilbert, according to the people. The unusual presence of Mr. Gilbert and Mr. Buffett in the bidding suggest just how far Yahoo and its advisers have cast their net to find potential buyers for the embattled Internet company. The two are joined in the second round by a range of other bidders, including Verizon Communications and private equity firms such as TPG Capital and a group that comprises Bain Capital and Vista Equity Partners, people briefed on the process have previously said. Several other strategic bidders are also in the second round. Yahoo declined to comment. Representatives for Quicken Loans and Berkshire did not return requests for comment. The companies in the second round of bidding are seeking to buy one of the   names in Silicon Valley  —   though one that ceded a longtime hold on the Internet to younger rivals like Google and Facebook. Repeated efforts to reinvent itself, led by a string of chief executives, including the company’s current leader, Marissa Mayer, have failed to take hold. As Yahoo and its bankers canvassed for preliminary bids, the company received criticism, including from some prospective bidders and from the activist hedge fund Starboard Value, over the state of the sales process. Yet Yahoo can point to progress. It settled a looming board fight with Starboard, offering the investment firm four director seats. One of those is held by Starboard’s chief executive, Jeffrey Smith, who now sits on the special board committee overseeing the potential sale. Yahoo executives, including Ms. Mayer, and advisers have been sitting down with bidders in the second round, furnishing those suitors with additional details. Among them is Mr. Gilbert, who built his   fortune with the financial empire. But he is also an active investor in his own right, having taken stakes in a number of online  . Yahoo would be orders of magnitude larger than those other technology investments and significantly more troubled. But Mr. Gilbert’s consortium, like other bidders, has been interested in the   digital footprint that the company possesses, including its popular finance and sports sites. Backing him is his friend Mr. Buffett  —   who has long spoken of his aversion to technology companies, outside of an investment in IBM. But the role of Berkshire in the Gilbert bid would be financial, and Mr. Buffett’s conglomerate would collect interest from its financing with the opportunity to convert those holdings into an equity stake in the company. Both men are familiar with Yahoo in other ways. Mr. Buffett turned to Yahoo Finance for the   live stream of the    session at Berkshire’s annual shareholder meeting on April 30. And one of Berkshire’s directors is Susan L. Decker, a former president of Yahoo. Providing advice to the Gilbert consortium are the former senior Yahoo executives Dan Rosensweig, who is now chief executive of the education company Chegg, and Tim Cadogan, now the head of the online advertising platform OpenX. Neither has expressed interest in rejoining Yahoo, one of the people briefed on the matter said. Mr. Buffett and Mr. Gilbert have another  —   albeit more troubled  —   tie to the Internet company. In 2014, Berkshire, Quicken Loans and Yahoo briefly united to offer a “Billion Dollar Bracket Challenge” tied to the NCAA basketball tournament that year, though the contest was called off and devolved into a morass of lawsuits. Reuters previously reported the existence of Mr. Gilbert and Mr. Buffett’s bid, while Recode reported the presence of Mr. Rosensweig and Mr. Cadogan as advisers to the group.",0
15401,Genetically Engineered Mosquitoes Deployed to Destroy Zika,"by Dr. Mercola 
Most people in the U.S. first heard of Zika virus about a year ago. It was October 2015 when officials in Brazil reported a possible association between infection with Zika virus and the birth defect microcephaly. 
The virus, however, was first identified in Uganda in 1947, in monkeys. Several years later, in 1952, Zika virus was found in humans in the same area as well as in the United Republic of Tanzania. Outbreaks have occurred ever since, although infections in humans were limited to Africa and Asia. 
The year 2007 marked the first large Zika virus outbreak, which took place on the remote Island of Yap, a tiny island in the Federated States of Micronesia. Then, in July 2015, Brazil reported Zika virus infection appeared to be linked to the autoimmune disease Guillain-Barré syndrome. 
Zika virus is transmitted primarily by Aedes mosquitoes, although it is sexually transmitted as well. 
It has since spread to a small area of the U.S. (southern Florida), but fewer than 1,000 U.S. pregnant women have lab evidence of Zika infection (this includes not only locally transmitted cases but also those that occurred via sexual contact). In other words, it’s extremely rare. 
Further, many questions remain about its risks. While the World Health Organization (WHO) says there is a “scientific consensus that Zika virus is a cause of microcephaly and Guillain-Barré syndrome,” [1] other experts have questioned this link. 
Despite the many unanswered questions, efforts are underway to eradicate the disease, including by releasing controversial man-made and genetically engineered (GE) mosquitoes, with largely unknown effects to the environment. Army of Man-Made Mosquitoes to Be Released in South America 
Scientists are planning to release millions of man-made mosquitoes in Brazil and Colombia in 2017. 
The $18-million project, funded in part by the Bill and Melinda Gates Foundation , involves mosquitoes that have been infected with Wolbachia bacteria, which stops viruses from growing inside the mosquito and therefore from being transmitted between people. 
The Eliminate Dengue research program, which has been working to develop such mosquitoes for a decade, claims the method is “self-sustaining and has the potential to transform the fight against life-threatening viral disease.” 
The altered mosquitoes have been tested in open trials in dengue-affected communities since 2011, but not yet on the scale expected in Brazil and Colombia. The mosquitoes are expected to be released in large, heavily populated urban areas. 
The mosquitoes are described as a refinement of a natural method, as Wolbachia bacteria is present in about 60 percent of insect species, including some mosquitoes. However, it is not naturally occurring in Aedes mosquitoes. 
It took decades for researchers just to figure out how to introduce Wolbachia into Aedes mosquito eggs, but once they did they started experimenting with releasing them into the wild. Field tests suggest the bacteria spread to the vast majority of local mosquitoes, and as Eliminate Dengue said, is a “self-sustaining” system. 
That’s both the point and the problem. Other experimental GE mosquitoes have been genetically engineered to die in the absence of the antibiotic tetracycline (which is introduced in the lab in order to keep them alive long enough to breed). 
They were designed this way assuming they would not have access to that drug in the wild, a failsafe (though not a perfect one, especially since antibiotics are now showing up in waterways) to ensure that the GE insects could theoretically be removed from the environment. 
In the case of the Wolbachia mosquitoes, once they’re released (and they already have been), there’s no stopping them from mingling with wild mosquitoes. While this may help to reduce the spread of certain viruses (although this remains to be seen), it may also have other unintended, as yet unknown consequences. GE Mosquitoes Aim to Wipe Out Mosquito Populations 
Eliminate Dengue’s Wolbachia mosquitoes are only one variety of GE mosquito now circulating the globe. 
Biotech company Oxitec has created its own variety, which has been genetically engineered to carry a “genetic kill switch,” such that when they mate with wild female mosquitoes, their offspring inherits the lethal gene and cannot survive. [2] 
To achieve this feat, Oxitec inserted protein fragments from the herpes virus, E. coli bacteria, coral and cabbage into the insects. Millions have already been experimentally released in Brazil, Panama and the Cayman Islands, and the GE mosquitoes have proven lethal to native mosquito populations. 
In the Cayman Islands, for instance, 96 percent of native mosquitoes were suppressed after more than 3 million GE mosquitoes were released in the area, with similar results reported in Brazil. [3] 
Oxitec, in partnership with the Florida Keys Mosquito Control District (FKMCD), also has plans to release the GE mosquitoes, which go by the name of OX513A, in Key Haven, Florida, an island of the Florida Keys located about one mile east of Key West. 
Residents, however, are not overly keen on being guinea pigs in this experiment. A vote is expected November 2016 to determine if the GE insects will be released. Adding to the controversy of releasing GE creatures of any kind into the environment are the unknown consequences of wiping out mosquito populations. 
While they’re primarily viewed as a nuisance and vector for deadly diseases like malaria, there may be “undesirable side effects” of eradicating them entirely, according to Florida University entomologist Phil Lounibos. BBC News reported: [4] 
… [Lounibos] says mosquitoes, which mostly feed on plant nectar, are important pollinators. They are also a food source for birds and bats while their young — as larvae — are consumed by fish and frogs. This could have an effect further up and down the food chain. 
… He warns that mosquitoes could be replaced by an insect ‘equally, or more, undesirable from a public health viewpoint.’ Its replacement could even conceivably spread diseases further and faster than mosquitoes today. Gene-Drive Mosquitoes Are Coming 
Gene-drive technology is incredibly controversial because it gives scientists the ability to control and potentially quickly eradicate entire populations of species. The technology allows a certain gene to spread to 99 percent of offspring instead of the typical 50 percent. 
Gene-editing tools like Crispr have made the use of gene-drive technology a reality. “By encoding the Crispr editing system itself into an organism’s DNA, scientists can cause a desired edit to reoccur in each generation, “driving” the trait through the wild population,” the New York Times explained. [5] 
At Imperial College London, for instance, a gene was created to cause female mosquitoes to become sterile. With gene-drive technology, the gene could cause mosquitoes in the wild to become extinct, fast. According to MIT Technology Review: [6] 
A gene drive is an artificial ‘selfish’ gene capable of forcing itself into 99 percent of an organism’s offspring instead of the usual half. 
And because this particular gene causes female mosquitoes to become sterile, within about 11 generations—or in about one year—its spread would doom any population of mosquitoes. 
If released into the field, the technology could bring about the extinction of malaria mosquitoes and, possibly, cease transmission of the disease. 
Earlier this year, the National Academies of Sciences, Engineering and Medicine, the advisory group for the U.S. government on scientific matters, endorsed continued research on gene-drive technology, [7] even though the risks are immense. What Are the Real Risks of Zika Virus? 
We know there are risks of releasing man-made and GE organisms into the environment. The risks of Zika virus remain unknown, however. Chris Barker, a mosquito-borne virus researcher at the University of California, Davis School of Veterinary Medicine, told WebMD: [8] 
I think the risk for Zika actually setting up transmission cycles that become established in the continental U.S. is near zero. 
Barker expects Zika to go the way of other tropical diseases spread by mosquitoes, such as denguepop fever and chikungunya, in the U.S. with perhaps small clusters of outbreaks in southern states and little activity elsewhere. The rising panic of Zika is reminiscent of many past diseases that failed to cause the devastation health officials warned of. Remember SARs, bird flu, swine flu and Ebola ? Or even the measles “outbreak” in 2015? 
There was widespread fear, outrage and panic that the disease would sweep across the U.S., affecting populations from border to border. Calls for experimental drugs and vaccines were made and millions, if not billions, of dollars were spent. And for what? In most cases, the diseases fizzled out on their own, exacting a far less sensational health toll than the media and, often, the government had you believe. 
As reported by PRI, Zika’s million-dollar question is, where are the birth defects? Perhaps that question should be answered before man-made and GE mosquitoes are introduced into the environment, possibly permanently. PRI continued: [9] 
Tens of thousands of Zika cases have been confirmed or suspected in countries like Colombia, Venezuela and Nicaragua since late 2015. The infected have included thousands of pregnant women. But those infections have not led to a dramatic rise in reported birth defects like microcephaly, in which a baby develops an abnormally small head and brain. 
This is confounding to researchers … ‘Researchers are absolutely curious,’ said Julie Fischer, co-director of the Center for Global Health Science and Security at Georgetown University. “It’s an enormous relief that the surge in microcephaly cases that was first noticed in northern Brazil has not spread everywhere that the Zika virus has been detected.’ 
See Also :",0
15402,Texas Wins Victory for Farmers Against BLM,"Texas leaders and farm owners secured a victory in the battle against the Bureau of Land Management’s (BLM) attempted land grab along the banks of the Red River. The federal agency announced it is suspending the surveys ordered during the Obama Administration to justify the attempted takeover of 90, 000 acres of land. [The BLM admitted this week admitted in a letter issued on March 29 (attached below) that it used an “incorrect methodology” in its justification for the attempted taking of land that had been in the possession of many Texas landowners for generations. “Having reviewed this deposition testimony and other new information, the BLM believes the survey methodology was used in error and may have caused errors in identifying the location of the Gradient Boundary,” Acting Cadastral Survey Chief Stephen Beyerlein wrote in the letter.  “The BLM’s admission that it used incorrect methodology in these surveys and the decision to suspend the surveys is welcome news,” U. S. Representative Mac Thornberry ( ) said in a statement obtained by Breitbart Texas. “The portions of the river that the agency has surveyed strayed widely from the accepted gradient boundary survey method established by the Supreme Court in Oklahoma v. Texas. It is encouraging that the BLM has admitted their error and that all administrative action will be suspended until the matter is resolved. I will continue working with the landowners, local and state officials, and Senator Cornyn ( ) until this issue is resolved once and for all. ” Thornberry is the author of the “Red River Gradient Boundary Survey Act” which passed earlier this year. Texas farmers applauded the action by the BLM. “We’re pleased the Bureau of Land Management has done the right thing by admitting that the land surveys do not take the movement of the Red River into consideration,” Texas Farm Bureau (TFB) President Russell Boening said in a written statement. “TFB has been involved in this situation for years. We take it very seriously when government decides that private property no longer belongs to those who have purchased, paid taxes and hold titles to it. ” “When this was brought to our attention by TFB member Tommy Henderson, we knew we had to act,” Boening said. “We sent a video crew to Tommy’s place to document his fight for family land along the river. That video went viral and brought   light to the situation. ” Following a tip from   Agriculture Commissioner Sid Miller, Breitbart Texas initially brought national attention to the issue that the BLM’s actions threatened landowners like Tommy Henderson whose family owned some of this land for generations. “Several local news outlets had written about the issue,” BLM Spokesman Paul McGuire told Breitbart Texas at the time. “But when Breitbart wrote about it, I called Washington and said, ‘This thing is going to blow up now. ’” And blow up it did. The following day, many national outlets picked up the story and ran with it.   Attorney General Greg Abbott said, in an exclusive interview with Breitbart Texas the next day, ““I am about ready to go to the Red River and raise a ‘Come and Take It’ flag to tell the feds to stay out of Texas. ” He fired off a letter to   Director Neil Kornze demanding answers on the issue. The BLM responded they weren’t taking the land because “It is already ours. ” Texas’ leadership including   General Greg Abbott,  . Governor David Dewhurst,   Land Office Commissioner Jerry Patterson, and State Senator Craig Estes (  Falls) joined with Texas’ U. S. Senators, John Cornyn and Ted Cruz, and U. S. Rep. Mac Thornberry to try to get the BLM to release the land back to the Texans who had believed they owned the land, in some cases for many generations. Then Governor Rick Perry weighed in on the issue in May when he said the “the federal government already owns too much land. ” Following the BLM’s announcement,   Abbott said, “The BLM’s prior actions have been hostile to landowners and their property rights, and I’m pleased an end has come to this unconscionable land grab. (This) decision by the Trump administration is a victory for Texas landowners along the Red River and for our constitutional rights. ” Texas Attorney General Ken Paxton filed a lawsuit in federal court in November 2015 challenging the federal encroachment on Texas land. “The borders of any state are a fundamental expression of its sovereignty, and are established through extensive surveys and legal precedent,” Paxton said at the time in a statement obtained by Breitbart Texas. “We will not allow the federal government to arbitrarily infringe upon Texas land and undermine the private property rights of our citizens. The federal government must follow the law and recognize our correct borders, consistent with decisions of the U. S. Supreme Court defining the boundary formed by the Red River. ” The following month, Texas General Land Office Commiccioner George P. Bush also joined in the lawsuit defending the Texas landowners. Paxton praised the decision made this week by the BLM to back down on the land grab issue. “This latest action by the Trump administration protects the property rights of Texans as defined by the U. S. Supreme Court and prevents the federal government from infringing upon Texas’ sovereign borders,” the Texas AG said in a written statement. “It was our contention all along that the BLM’s surveys were conducted improperly and unlawfully. We will vigilantly defend Texas’ border from federal overreach. ” The BLM has suspended all administrative actions regarding these 90, 000 acres of sovereign Texas land, the TFB stated. In August 2015, Tommy Henderson won his personal battle with the BLM over the acreage his family lost in a federal lawsuit. He regained full ownership and control over the land after being forced to pay a “statutorily required payment of $1. 25 per acre,” for the land his family had owned since 1904. In response to this week’s action by the BLM, Henderson told the TFB, “The fight’s not over yet, but we’ve made a pretty good step. We have to get this fixed, so BLM never comes back again and tries this. ” Bob Price serves as associate editor and senior political news contributor for Breitbart Texas. He is a founding member of the Breitbart Texas team. Follow him on Twitter @BobPriceBBTX and Facebook.  ",0
15403,What to Cook This Week - The New York Times,"Sam Sifton emails readers of Cooking five days a week to talk about food and suggest recipes. That email also appears here. To receive it in your inbox, register here. Good morning. Nigella Lawson wrote a terrific article for us a few years ago about the pleasures of cooking ahead rather than, as the French put it, à la minute. She included in it a recipe that would become one of our favorites for fall: spiced beef in red wine. You could make that today, cool it, bag it in single portions and freeze them for use later  —   order in some Chinese food for dinner. Or you could just eat it for dinner tonight, accompanied by some rice, or polenta. Fall Sundays are great for   either way. On Monday night, if you’re not celebrating Rosh Hashana, maybe give Anna Jones’s recipe for a   spaghetti dinner with tomatoes and kale a try. As our Tejal Rao wrote last week, “you boil the raw pasta not just with water, but also with halved cherry tomatoes, lemon zest and greens. By the time the pasta has cooked, the liquids have reduced to form a thick, starchy sauce. ” At the start of the week, that sounds pretty great. Of course, if it’s not just the start of the week for you, but the start of a new year, maybe you’ll need more substantial fare. Cooking Melissa Clark’s  braised brisket with plums, star anise and port today will allow it to cure nicely in the refrigerator overnight. Reheat and serve! While you’re at it, give one of Joan Nathan’s new recipes for a Rosh Hashana dessert a try. Choose between a plum almond tart and an apple cider honey cake. Or make both. On Tuesday, maybe you could cook Melissa’s recipe for sweet and spicy roast chicken? (It’s awesome with couscous.) Or Mark Bittman’s  curried tofu with soy sauce? Wednesday, we’re eating fish. Would you like some salmon with parsley sauce? Or some arctic char with spinach butter? If it’s chilly enough, and you have a fireplace (lucky you) you could make Tamar Adler’s  fireplace trout. Read Trollope afterward by candlelight, and check on the horses before bed. Then, on Thursday, how about a warm bread salad to beat all bread salads, from the indefatigable Florence Fabricant, via the late, great Judy Rodgers? Accept no substitutions. And then on Friday night, you could wrap the week up with a big, fat turkey meatloaf. Or if that does not inspire, with a thick   steak. No? O. K. let’s make it a quinoa and rice bowl and call it a week. There are many, many more recipes on Cooking that you might make this week. Please save the ones you’re interested in to your recipe box, and rate them when you’re done cooking. (Share them around, as well, on email and social media: People you know need to see, right now, this easy, awesome Nancy Silverton recipe for roasted chicken thighs.) And if you run into trouble, or have something to tell us for good or for ill: cookingcare@nytimes. com. Operators are standing by. Now, do you know the term “subtweet”? Here’s an example of an excellent one, from Michiko Kakutani  —   and it’s not even on Twitter! See you tomorrow.",0
15404,Un tremblement de terre peut effacer Téhéran de la surface de la Terre,"(mis à jour 22:51 26.10.2016) URL courte 5 1033 2 4 Dans 15 à 20 ans, un tremblement de terre dévastateur pourrait secouer Téhéran. Selon Bahram Akkasheh, sismologue iranien qui a accordé une interview à Sputnik, il faudrait examiner la possibilité de transférer la capitale dans des régions moins dangereuses. 
Déjà en 2009, en raison de la localisation de Téhéran dans une zone sismique, l'idée du transfert de la capitale iranienne avait été avancée par l'Ayatollah Khamenei. Suite à son initiative, le Conseil de discernement recommandait de se préparer au transfert de la capitale. © AP Photo/ Niranjan Shrestha Un tremblement de terre géant dans le Pacifique pour bientôt Ces derniers temps, cette idée a gagné en popularité, surtout en raison du scénario apocalyptique proposé par des scientifiques japonais qui mènent des recherches en Iran. Selon eux, le séisme pourrait atteindre sept ou huit sur l'échelle de Richter, ce qui pourrait faire plus d'un million de victimes et provoquer la destruction de 80 % des bâtiments. Les séismes, qui sont devenus récurrents aux alentours de Téhéran, témoignent de l'accumulation d'énergie dangereuse dans le sous-sol. « Le père de la sismologie iranienne », Bahram Akkasheh, a présenté en détail les conditions réelles dans lesquelles se retrouve actuellement la capitale de l'Iran. 
D'après les recherches menées par M. Akkasheh, les tremblements de terre dans les alentours de Téhéran ont un caractère cyclique : le dernier de magnitude 7.1 a secoué Téhéran en 1830 ayant détruit les murs du Palais du Golestan et le bâtiment de la mission diplomatique du Royaume-Uni. Plus de doutes! Le phénomène du Triangle des Bermudes enfin expliqué Les tremblements de terre « ont lieu tous les 200 ans. (…) Si on se réfère au cycle, il existe une possibilité que dans les quinze prochaines années un tremblement de terre secoue Téhéran », a expliqué M. Akkasheh.
Il n'est possible de prédire le début du tremblement de terre que quelques jours ou heures à l'avance, voici pourquoi la menace est imprévisible : « Nulle part dans le monde, ni aux États-Unis, ni au Japon, un début de tremblement de terre n'a été prédit avec certitude. Une fois, en Chine, on a réussi à le faire par hasard », explique le sismologue. 
Selon lui, la possibilité de tremblement de terre à Téhéran est assez haute : 
« Chaque année, la crête d'Alborz grandit de quelques millimètres puisqu'annuellement, le plateau iranien s'étend de huit mm. Tout cela prouve qu'ici, l'écorce terrestre est en mouvement perpétuel ». Italie: ce chat survit après 32 jours dans les décombres après le séisme Il y a plusieurs régions en Iran qui sont exposées aux séismes de magnitude 7 sur l'échelle de Richter. Pourtant, il existe des régions où la magnitude peut atteindre 8 sur l'échelle de Richter et elles sont exposées à un plus grand danger. « Ce n'est pas par hasard que nous avons signé un accord de coopération avec les Japonais pour examiner l'activité sismique des lieux où se trouve Téhéran. Je me souviens que lors de cette recherche commune, le maire de Téhéran avait déclaré qu'à la suite d'un tremblement de terre à Téhéran, le nombre de victimes pourrait se chiffrer en millions. La ville peut être effacée de la surface terrestre », prévient M. Akkasheh. 
Le président de l'Iran a chargé six ministres d'étudier les rapports préparés par M. Akkasheh, et par la suite un état-major de crise a été créé sous contrôle de la mairie. 
« On a crééégalement ces états-majors dans toutes les provinces du pays. Plusieurs provinces, où le risque sismique est le plus fort, ont commencéà se préparer aux cataclysmes naturels. (…) Pourtant, on ne pourra vérifier le niveau réel de l'alerte qu'en pratique », conclut le sismologue. 
Suivez Sputnik sur Telegram pour ne jamais manquer les actualités les plus importantes grâce à nos sélections du matin et du soir. Pour recevoir les actualités de notre chaîne, il suffit de télécharger l'application Telegram sur n'importe quel smartphone, tablette ou ordinateur puis cliquer sur le lien et appuyer sur « Join » ...",0
15405,"James Comey to be taken out, knows too much about Clintons","James Comey to be taken out, knows too much about Clintons 08.11.2016 | Source: AP Photo James Comey, Director of the FBI, can be sacked for a 'thoughtless step' - intrusion into elections. Valerie Jarrett, Obama's adviser, managed to convince him of necessity to undertake such a step, Daily Mail reported with a reference to a source in the White House. At the same time, other sources assert that Comey himself is ready to resign, not waiting for Obama's decision. In the FBI many believe that the Director has prejudiced reputation of the bureau and lost his weight among employees . Reopening of investigation against the presidential candidate Hillary Clinton 'for no apparent reason' and spontaneous closure of the case... Isn't Comey though a political figure? Could he have initiated everything by himself? Viktor Olevich, a political analyst , has commented Pravda.Ru on the issue. James Comes is a high-ranking political manager in the American system. He has long-standing relationship with the Republican party, he has been its adherent for several decades. He was taking various stances, which correlated with the Republican party's policies, including that regarding a conflict between the US law-enforcement and Afro-American community, where his stance was closer to the Rights than the current Administration of the White House. Head of the FBI took part in a corruption investigation regarding Bill Clinton in the early-2000, when a multimillionaire Marc Rich was pardoned by the president Bill Clinton. As a result of the investigation, the former president was not prosecuted. Nonetheless, Comey's attitude to Clintons is still quite suspect, negative. It's not by chance that last Friday, 11 days before elections, investigation was renewed by decision of the FBI Director. Moreover, a dossier on that investigation of Clinton's corrupt activity - Jams Comey carried out 15 years ago - was leaked via the FBI Twitter account. These are absolutely interrelated events. In such way, Comey tried to pressurize Clinton's campaign. However, just two days ago Comey announced that the new investigation was stopped. It's clear that certain negotiations between Comey's bureau and other parts of the US establishment took place. Those talks resulted in the fact that a case on potential disclosure of a state secret while using a private server when Hillary Clinton was a State Secretary, was closed yer again. It's no surprise that Obama's Administration is going to get rid of unwanted head of the FBI and substitute him for a person that will be favourable for new administration of Hillary Clinton, as she will evidently win today. Pravda.Ru Read article on the Russian version of Pravda.Ru 
FBI Plan B fails: Clinton to be next president",0
15406,21 Things We’ve Learned About Hillary Clinton from Wikileaks That the MSM Won’t Share…But YOU Can!,"Posted on October 28, 2016 by Daisy Luther 
Let’s talk about Wikileaks . 
First of all, the organization was founded by Julian Assange back in 2006. Their website explains what they are all about: 
“WikiLeaks specializes in the analysis and publication of large datasets of censored or otherwise restricted official materials involving war, spying, and corruption. It has so far published more than 10 million documents and associated analyses.” 
In the 11 years that they’ve been publishing documents, they have not been disproven a single time. Their record for authentication is perfect. (Learn more here and here .) 
So this means that a person would be pretty silly to disregard anything in the reams of information about Hillary Clinton, the Democratic Party, the Clinton Foundation, and the political shenanigans that would put the Machiavellis to shame. 
Here are 21 of the most important things that have come out about Hillary Clinton, that unfortunately, no one is reporting on in the mainstream. In the interest of brevity, each topic has a link to an article that goes deeper into the leak. (In no particular order.) John Podesta, the chairman of the Clinton campaign had a nice cozy dinner with Peter Kadzik, one of the top officials in the Department of Justice…the day after the Benghazi hearing . Kadzik’s son also asked for a job on the Clinton campaign, and, the icing on the corruption cupcake? Kadzik led the effort to nominate Loretta Lynch, who famously met with Bill Clinton on her private plane right before Hillary’s interrogation about Emailgate. ( source ) We all knew that the Clinton Foundation was just a way for the Clinton family to launder money, and now there’s proof. Zero Hedge writes, “…today’s Wikileaks dump included that memo which reveals, for the first time, the precise financial flows between the Clinton Foundation, Band’s firm Teneo Consulting, and the Clinton family’s private business endeavors.” A pundit called this leak “The Rosetta Stone of the Clinton Foundation,” meaning that with this document, all of their shady financial dealings could be unraveled and translated. ( source ) Clinton is unable to speak for very long without a podium to lean on . Numerous leaked emails reference how certain interviews have to be kept short because she’d be without one. And this article references a very interesting reason why this may be the case – surprisingly it isn’t related to her health. ( source ) The leaks also show that Clinton intends to do her best to restrict the Second Amendment. Brian Fallon, the national press secretary for the Clinton campaign, wrote, “ Circling back around on guns as a follow up to the Friday morning discussion: the Today show has indicated they definitely plan to ask bout guns, and so to have the discussion be more of a news event than her previous times discussing guns, we are going to background reporters tonight on a few of the specific proposals she would support as President – universal background checks of course, but also closing the gun show loophole by executive order and imposing manufacturer liability .” According to an analysis on The Daily Sheeple, “Imposing manufacturer liability means that after Sandy Hook, Bushmaster and Remington Arms would have been prosecuted for having a hand in the murder of children and school staff members for firearms that were legally sold.” ( source ) The campaign was concerned that the sexual escapades of Bill Clinton could be likened to those of another disgraced celebrity, Bill Cosby . Political operative Ron Klain sent an urgent email saying that Hillary should anticipate the following questions, ” How is what Bill Clinton did different from what Bill Cosby did? Is his conduct relevant to your campaign? You said every woman should be believed. Why not the women who accused him? Will you apologize to the women who were wrongly smeared by your husband and his allies?” ( source ) Clinton’s campaign deliberately leaked an embarrassing photo of a swimsuit-clad Bernie Sanders to the press, ironically insinuating that it was proof he was bought off by Wall Street. Perez Hilton wrote, “ Bernie Sanders lounges at elite Martha’s Vineyard pool, summer 2015 after helping raise money from Wall Street lobbyists .” ( source ) Clinton admitted she is out of touch with the middle class in a speech to Goldman-Black Rock in 2014. “And I am not taking a position on any policy, but I do think there is a growing sense of anxiety and even anger in the country over the feeling that the game is rigged. And I never had that feeling when I was growing up. Never. I mean, were there really rich people, of course there were. My father loved to complain about big business and big government, but we had a solid middle class upbringing. We had good public schools. We had accessible health care. We had our little, you know, one-family house that, you know, he saved up his money, didn’t believe in mortgages. So I lived that. And now, obviously, I’m kind of far removed because the life I’ve lived and the economic, you know, fortunes that my husband and I now enjoy , but I haven’t forgotten it.” ( source ) She made this rather NWO remark at a 2013 paid speech to Brazilian bank Banco Itau: “ My dream is a hemispheric common market, with open trade and open borders , some time in the future with energy that is as green and sustainable as we can get it, powering growth and opportunity for every person in the hemisphere.” ( source ) In a leak of yet another paid speech, this time to the Jewish United Fund of Metropolitan Chicago in 2013, Clinton said that Jordan and Turkey “ can’t possibly vet all those refugees so they don’t know if, you know, jihadists are coming in along with legitimate refugees.” Meanwhile, if Clinton has her way , we will be warmly welcoming 65,000 refugees a year, which makes Obama’s 10,000 a year look like small potatoes. ( source ) Clinton blackmailed the Chinese by telling them that the US would base missiles in the region if they didn’t exert some control over North Korean aggression. “ So China, come on. You either control them or we’re going to have to defend against them ,” she purportedly told the audience at a Goldman Sachs conference in June 2013. ( source ) In May 2015, Clinton was no longer Secretary of State but was ready to announce she was running for President when she was invited to attend a summit in Morrocco. The implication from the leaked emails was that a $12 million “donation” from the king of Morocco was dependent on Clinton attending the summit. Human Abedin, usually loyal to her boss, had concerns . “ If HRC was not part of it, meeting was a non-starter. She created this mess and she knows it. Her presence was a condition for the Moroccans to proceed so there is no going back on this,” Abedin wrote to Robbie Mook in a November 2014 email. Incidentally, Clinton didn’t attend. Bill and Chelsea went instead and the $12 million donation was not forthcoming. (source ) Podesta attacked Clinton’s primary election rival Bernie Sanders for criticizing the Paris climate change agreement. “ Can you believe that doofus Bernie attacked it? ” said Podesta. ( source ) Clinton told a Goldman Sachs conference she would like to intervene secretly in Syria . “ My view was you intervene as covertly as is possible for Americans to intervene,” she told employees of the bank in South Carolina, which had paid her about $225,000 to give a speech. “We used to be much better at this than we are now. Now, you know, everybody can’t help themselves. They have to go out and tell their friendly reporters and somebody else: Look what we’re doing and I want credit for it. ” (source ) There is indeed a definite link between the Clinton campaign and what MSM is allowed to say. The campaign has colluded directly with media spokespersons that read like a Who’s Who in American Media : Dan Merica from CNN, Haim Saban of Univision, John Harwood of CNBC and the NY Times, Rebecca Quick of CNBC, Maggie Haberman of NY Times and Politico, John Harris of Politico, Donna Brazile formerly of CNN, Roland Martin of TV-One, Marjorie Pritchard of The Boston Globe, and Louise Mensch of Heat Street. ( source ) As everyone knows, the DNC deliberately screwed Bernie Sanders out of the nomination ( Bonus: Wikileaks also released some of the DNC’s voicemails on the topic ). There are emails that prove who is actually pulling HRC’s puppet strings and that puppeteer is George Soros . The shadow government is not just a conspiracy theory – it really exists and Hillary’s job is to keep George Soros happy. ( source ) Excerpts from her speeches to Wall Street read like a guide to two-faced treachery. In them, she clearly points out that sometimes you “need” to lie. “If everybody’s watching, you know, all of the back room discussions and the deals, you know, then people get a little nervous, to say the least. So, you need both a public and a private position.” ( source ) Wikileaks emails show that back when she still worked for CNN and before she became an employee of the Clinton campaign, Donna Brazile gave Hillary the questions in advance for her “impromptu” CNN Town Hall questions. ( source ) The campaign got to “approve” articles in influential publications like NY Times, HuffPo, CNN, NBC, CBS, NYT, MSNBC, and Politico, showing a massive collusion with the mainstream media, who has hounded Trump relentlessly in an effort to distract from HRC’s abysmal candidacy. ( source ) Through the treasure trove of Wikileaks emails, we can gain an accurate picture of how Hillary really feels about us all (spoiler: basket of deplorables, basement dwellers and right wing conspirators) ( source ) President Obama knew the whole time that her emails were not coming from the secure State Department server. Cheryl Mills wrote to John Podesta, “ W e need to clean this up – he has emails from her – they do not say state.gov .” You see, Obama’s emails all have to be from”whitelisted”addresses. So someone, somewhere, added her nonsecure email to his whitelist. ( source ) 
And finally, here’s the real reason that treacherous shrew is involved in politics. And let me tell you, it isn’t because she yearns to make things better for anyone but herself. (emphasis mine.) 
At the Goldman Sachs Builders and Innovators Summit, Clinton responded to a question from chief executive Lloyd Blankfein, who quipped that you “go to Washington” to “make a small fortune.” Clinton agreed with the comment and complained about ethics rules that require officials to divest from certain assets before entering government. “ There is such a bias against people who have led successful and/or complicated lives, ” Clinton said. ( source ) Together, we cannot be ignored. I am on a mission between now and the Presidential Election on November 8th and I hope that you will join me. I am going to work day and night to provide the coverage that the mainstream media is not. It isn’t until we combine all of our voices that we can make people listen to the scandals, the rigging, and the corruption, not only in this election but in the system in general. Please join your voice with mine by liking, sharing, and spreading the word. Together, we cannot be ignored. Together, we are an army. Courtesy of Daisy Luther Don't forget to follow the D.C. Clothesline on Facebook and Twitter. PLEASE help spread the word by sharing our articles on your favorite social networks. Share this:",0
15407,White House: ’No Idea’ Where ’CIA Black Site’ Draft Came From,"White House press secretary Sean Spicer told reporters Wednesday that  an alleged draft executive order titled “Detention and Interrogation of Enemy Combatants” “is not a White House document. ”[“I have no idea where it came from,” stressed Spicer.  Various mainstream media outlets, including the New York Times (NYT) and the Washington Post (WaPo) published the contents of this document, suggesting it was a legitimate draft from White House officials. The alleged draft directs national security officials to “recommend to the president whether to   a program of interrogation of   alien terrorists to be operated outside the United States,” and addresses whether to lift the ban on the use of   “black site” prisons overseas implemented by Barack Obama. Moreover, it orders the Pentagon chief to “maintain and continue to use the detention and trial facilities at Guantanamo Bay Naval Base for the detention and trial by military commission of alien enemy combatants [already] captured in the armed conflict  …     including for the detention and trial of newly captured alien enemy combatants” not only affiliated with the Taliban and   but also the Islamic State ( ). NYT acknowledged in their report that the Trump White House did not respond to a request for comment on the draft order. Today, the White House press secretary denied any affiliation with the document. The alleged draft order would have also directed U. S. Secretary of Defense James N. Mattis to work with the Attorney General and the Office of the Director of National Intelligence (ODNI) to “review the military commissions system and recommend to the president how best to employ the system going forward to provide for the swift and just trial and punishment of unlawful enemy combatants detained in the armed conflict with violent Islamist extremists. ”",0
15408,New York Tonight: Hoboken Train Crash and Wet Weather - The New York Times,"Good evening on this   Thursday. This is New York Tonight, a   evening roundup of the day’s most important New York stories. We are running it for a week as an experiment, so tell us what you think at nytonight@nytimes. com or in the comments. A New Jersey Transit train crashed into the station in Hoboken, N. J. this morning, killing at least one person, injuring more than 100 others, and leaving commuters in horror and panic. With a deadly explosion and a bus crash in our rearview mirror, this hasn’t been the easiest of weeks. But what an example of our region coming together. Yet again. Michael Larson, a New Jersey Transit employee who was at the station at the time of the crash, crawled on all fours to pull people out of a train car. Another witness who was on the train, Amy Krulewitz, said that as soon as the accident occurred, people in her car were immediately checking on one another. Facebook quickly instituted a safety check to help those involved let their friends and family members know they were O. K. If you’re one of the 60, 000 people moving through this Hoboken hub each day, here’s a transit guide with information on alternative commutes. It would be a good idea to plan ahead. We will also have the weather to deal with. A storm is brewing. We’re expecting a wet night Thursday, followed by rain and wind much of Friday and Saturday, and possibly on Sunday. Stay dry. •  Michael J. Fahy, the Fire Department chief killed in Tuesday’s home explosion in the Bronx, was posthumously promoted to deputy chief, the department’s highest Civil Service rank. [FDNY] • A woman was stabbed to death by her roommate in Ridgewood, Queens. [DNAinfo] • . .. And a young woman was found dead in Owl’s Head Park in Brooklyn. [New York Post] • The developer Tishman Speyer filed plans today for the Spiral, a $3. 2 billion office skyscraper in the    Hudson Yards area. [The Real Deal] • City public schools are teaming up with the New York Public Library, Google and other partners to offer thousands of students free   in their homes. [Staten Island Advance] • Today is National Coffee Day. There were, and still are, freebies and markdowns on coffee around the city. [NBC] • How to control the deer population on Staten Island? Perform vasectomies on hundreds of them. [Staten Island Advance] • On tonight’s sports front: Yankees host Red Sox, 7:05 p. m. (YES). • Looking ahead: The 54th New York Film Festival, hosted by the Film Society of Lincoln Center, begins on Friday. Check out the screening and events schedule here, a splendid way to spend what is shaping up to be a rainy weekend. “How to Juggle Coffee and Umbrellas in Manhattan” Dear Diary: On a recent rainy morning I walked out of a Dunkin’ Donuts on Eighth Avenue and realized that with my coffee in one hand, I couldn’t quite manage to open the umbrella I was holding in the other. I looked around for a ledge on which I could place my coffee, to no avail. Then I noticed a woman leaving the same Dunkin’ Donuts, with the same dilemma and the same puzzled look on her face. I approached her, smiled and, without saying anything, reached out for her coffee. I held it while she opened her umbrella, then she did the same for me. “Teamwork!” she exclaimed. “Have a great day!” And I did.",0
15409,Latest WikiLeaks dump exposes what Dems have always believed — that black voters are stupid,"Print 
More dirt on the Clinton camp in WikiLeaks’s latest Podesta dump. In one email sent by Clinton soldier Brent Budowsky to the campaign chairman, Budowsky complains about what he calls the “plan” of fellow Clinton lackey David Brock to rely on the stupidity of black voters. The controversy centers around a previous email sent to Podesta regarding a Bernie Sanders campaign ad that featured “many black faces.” 
Here’s the money portion of the email: 
Oops! Democrats have always taken the black vote and black Americans for granted. The black voting bloc has always been expected by Democratic candidates, despite the Democratic Party’s long history of gross racism. One has to wonder how much damage has been caused to that relationship by the WikiLeaks revelations over the past few months. No wonder Hillary wants to drone Julian Assange!",0
15410,Life on the Farm Draws Some French Tired of Urban Rat Race - The New York Times,"   France  —   Two years ago, Elisabeth Lavarde decided to quit her office job in Paris and start a new life in    a small town with two butchers and one baker just south of the capital. Ms. Lavarde, 39, is now an apprentice farmer at a   farm that grows organic vegetables, sold directly to local consumers. New farmers like Ms. Lavarde usually make what they see as a decent salary of about 1, 500 euros, or about $1, 600, a month, slightly above the French minimum wage. “I wanted a job with more meaning,” she said. “I felt like I was tilting at windmills. ” Alongside the experienced farmer she has been paired with as part of a training program set up by an association that nurtures   farmers, Ms. Lavarde grows around 40 kinds of organic produce, including tomatoes, potatoes, cauliflowers and carrots. As the sun was about to set behind rows of cauliflower plants on a recent afternoon, Ms. Lavarde gazed over the land she cultivates. A few yards away, a large shelter of tarpaulins rippled in the wind. Ms. Lavarde and her farming tutor, Guilain Vergé, 31, use the shelter to do their bookkeeping and to keep track of their crops on a whiteboard as they wait for authorization from the local government to build a decent barn. It’s all hard work, she acknowledges. But, she says, “Seeing the sky every day, be it blue or gray, it’s amazing. ” More younger people like Ms. Lavarde are making lives as   farmers in France, drawn in some cases by idealistic notions of tilling the land and of getting away from the rat race of the cities. They often leave behind   jobs, as well as relatively comfortable lives that they nonetheless find unfulfilling. Powering this   farming drive is a thriving market for organic food that amounted to nearly €7 billion in France in 2016, according to Agence Bio, which tracks the trade in the country. The drive has also been bolstered by an increased awareness of the environmental and health benefits of consuming local products. Before they can set up shop, however, new entrants have to overcome a range of obstacles, including navigating their way through a labyrinthine bureaucracy that oversees building permits and the distribution of land. The Duke of  Sully, a minister of King Henri IV of France in the early 17th century, once described “plow and pasture” as the lifeblood of the French economy, and farming has long been romanticized in a country that values gastronomic treasures like Camembert cheeses and Bordeaux wines. But the reality is much bleaker for most farmers, who say they feel constrained by European Union regulations and who have been hit by global competition, shrinking margins and poor harvests in recent years. Generous agricultural subsidies mostly benefit large farms. In France, a farmer commits suicide almost every other day, a rate 20 percent higher than the national average, according to a 2016 report by the national public health agency. That dire outlook, however, has not deterred people like Ms. Lavarde from taking up farming, even if established farmers view their efforts with skepticism. Standing near a frozen wheat field near Ms. Lavarde’s farm, Bruno Gilles, 47, a   farmer who grows cauliflowers, tomatoes and other vegetables, was skeptical about Ms. Lavarde’s chances of success, citing narrow margins and competition from farms that produce vegetables  . “It’s going to be very hard,” Mr. Gilles said, his arms folded over a military sweater. The first test for new entrants might be their hardest: finding land. “I find myself to be extremely lucky,” Ms. Lavarde said. “When I see other people around me, access to land truly has been an obstacle for them. ” Since the 1960s, that access has been tightly regulated through regional agencies that act as intermediaries between   and those either selling or renting. The agencies have traditionally favored established farmers over new entrants, many of whom grow alternative products based on   organic farming and have modest farming experience. Ms. Lavarde said that when a young farmer she worked with set out to find agrarian land in the area of    she discovered that a tract had been allocated to a conventional farmer without anyone informing her that it was available. Ms. Lavarde found a plot to farm through Les Champs des Possibles, which translates roughly as Realm of the Possible, a nonprofit that pairs new farmers with experienced farmers on test farms for two or three years. “We provide them with land if needed, with a status, with means of production, with professional support,” said   Cavalier, an agronomist at Reneta, a national network of 70 testing grounds, of which Les Champs des Possibles is a member. At the end of their training period, aspiring farmers have agrarian experience, some money in the bank and mentors to vouch for them when they fill out papers to apply for land. Part of the problem with land allocations is the lack of farms on the market, said François Purseigle, a sociologist at   an agronomy engineering faculty in Toulouse, in southern France. “We have guys in the fields that think: ‘I’m keeping my farm. My children are teachers or doctors, so they’re not going to take over. I have a crummy pension. I’ll still keep that property because, you never know, it could gain in value,’” Mr. Purseigle said in a telephone interview. Vincent Martin shielded his eyes from the sun on a recent morning at a farm near the village of St.  about a   drive east of   . He said much of his future as a farmer relied on finding agrarian land. “Land is key,” said Mr. Martin 36, a single farmer who made a living selling health club memberships in Paris until he left his job about five years ago, eventually to take up farming. To find agricultural land in the area, he was counting on word of mouth rather than on the regional agencies, despite having filled out piles of application forms. His tutor, Philippe Caron, 58, who took up farming a few years ago, said he and his wife, Anna, would do all they could to help Mr. Martin get started. The other challenge facing new producers is distribution, which for larger, established farms usually involves dealing with middlemen selling products to supermarkets and stores around the country. For small producers, the system cuts deeply into meager profits. The solution has been to find ways of selling directly to consumers, mostly through nationwide networks like the Association for the Defense of   Agriculture, known by its French acronym, AMAP. Under one AMAP plan, consumers sign up for a year and get a basket of vegetables, meat, cheese or fruits each week, delivered by a local producer. Prices for a basket range from €12 to €24, and customers, by paying in advance, agree to take their share of the risks that come with climatic contingencies. Hélène Rouet, 43, a former logistics manager volunteering in one   AMAP office, quit her job to live in the country with a local producer. She said customers who took the produce baskets had a unique link to the food. “The farmer tells us about the difficulties he’s faced it’s like he’s bringing us his babies,” she said. Even when they’ve found land and distribution, some   still find themselves having to commute to their land, whereas older farmers often live on the edge of their fields. New entrants often can’t afford to buy the buildings on their farms, if there are any. Some buy shabby trailers to stay in near their farms or sleep in their cars. Mr. Martin said it sometimes took him over two hours to commute to the farm. He started work at dawn to plow, sow or harvest, depending on the season. “It’s worth it,” Mr. Martin said, “for now. ”",0
15411,Alien Insects Capture In UK,"Alien Insects Capture In UK # John Wood 0 
As you see by this video Alien life has found it's way onto Earth it seems if your a sceptic that they just could be dragon fles or moths but you slow it down yousee the wings look like and move like that of a cuttle fish fins their bodie seem translucent and highly colored and there seems to be plenty of them in my local area. Tags",0
15412,THE AMERICAN PUBLIC CAN NO LONGER DEAL WITH THE LIMITLESS CORRUPTION OF THEIR GOVERNMENT,"Home › ECONOMIC › THE AMERICAN PUBLIC CAN NO LONGER DEAL WITH THE LIMITLESS CORRUPTION OF THEIR GOVERNMENT THE AMERICAN PUBLIC CAN NO LONGER DEAL WITH THE LIMITLESS CORRUPTION OF THEIR GOVERNMENT 8 SHARES 
[10/28/16] MARY WILDER -The federal government has really been dropping the ball over the last few decades. Time and time again they prove that they are completely untrustworthy and do not care about the citizens of the United States’ best interests. As the recent Wikileaks emails have proven beyond a shadow of a doubt, those that hold positions of power within the federal government are owned by the corporations that continue to put financial gain over individual freedom. It’s a scary reality, but there’s no denying it any longer. 
Unfortunately this has been what Americans deal with for decades now. Nothing has ever been done about it because the American people felt as though there is nothing they could do in order to stop it. However, it appears as though we have lately gotten to the point where we are unwilling to put up with the corruption of our government any longer. 
In an article published on The Daily Sheeple , Charles Hugh Smith writes that the ruling elite “have bamboozled, conned and misled the bottom 95% for decades, but their phony facade of political legitimacy and ‘the rising tide raises all boats’ has cracked wide open, and the machinery of oppression, looting and propaganda is now visible to everyone who isn’t being paid to cover their eyes.” 
So what does this realization mean for the future of America? Hopefully that the rest of our country will continue waking up and opening their eyes to the truth. The longer the masses avoid the acknowledging the truth in regards to the federal government, the longer their control over the American people will last. During a time when our individual liberties are under attack every day, there is nothing more important than sending the message that we control our own lives. 
Of course, it is also extremely important to prepare for retaliation. These are people whose entire existence revolves around being able to control the populous. They are most likely not going to go down without a fight. When we begin rejecting their corruption on a mass level, they will definitely do everything in their power to silence the outspoken ones. You could argue that it has already begun in regards to social media. Other forms of expression are probably next. 
Human lives should be more valued than big governments. It’s time that we all realize that and completely reject the global elite’s plans to enslave us all. Our lives very well could depend on it. Post navigation",0
15413,"Establishment Rising in Trump’s White House: Noonan Says Efforts to ’Take Out’ Bannon ’Low, Unseemly, Ugly’","Pulitzer   columnist Peggy Noonan writes in the Wall Street Journal about the efforts to take out White House strategist Steve Bannon. While offering a candid assessment of Bannon’s shortcomings and strengths, Noonan summarizes Bannon’s populist and nationalist worldview as outlined in a speech he gave at the Vatican in 2014  —   a speech that predicted the issues that propelled Trump to victory in 2016. [From Noonan’s column:  But there’s something low, unseemly and ugly in the efforts to take [Bannon] out so publicly and humiliatingly, to turn him into a human oil spot on the tarmac —  this not only from his putative colleagues but now even the president. “I like Steve, but you have to remember he was not involved in my campaign until very late,” Mr. Trump purred to the New York Post’s Michael Goodwin.   …     What will take its place if [Bannon] leaves the White House or recedes as a figure? What worldview will prevail, to the extent Mr. Trump does worldviews? Policy changes accompanying Mr. Bannon’s diminishment this week included the president’s speaking approvingly of the   Bank and NATO, declaring that China isn’t a currency manipulator after all, suggesting the dollar may be too strong, and hitting Syria and Afghanistan. None of that sounds like Candidate Trump. It is possible what we are seeing is simply the rise of a more moderate or conciliatory or establishment Trump White House. But it also looks like the rise of the Wall Street Mr. Bannon painted as tending to see people as commodities. Gary Cohn, director of the National Economic Council, is said to be Mr. Bannon’s most effective internal foe. He is the new rising figure. There are many Wall Street folk —  some from Messrs. Bannon and Cohn’s old stomping ground, Goldman Sachs —  in influential administration posts. They don’t come across as the kind of people who exhaust themselves pondering the meaning of the historical moment or tracing societal stresses and potential responses. Read the rest here.",0
15414,"No, Mexico Doesn’t Have A Wall On Its Southern Border—But If Trump Wins It Might Build One","They're not crossing the Rio Grande, they're invading Mexico from the south. < No, Mexico Doesn’t Have A Wall On Its Southern Border—But If Trump Wins It Might Build One > November 6, 2016, 10:55 pm   
Many people say Mexico has a wall on its southern border. It doesn’t . It should. And if it did, we Americans wouldn’t have to deal with all the Central Americans coming to our own border. It would be better for both our nations . 
Some outlets are reporting Mexico is going to build a wall against migrants. [ Mexico builds its own wall against migrants , by James Fredrick and Jude Webber, Financial Times, September 14, 2016]. (The article is paywalled, but you can access it here ). 
But the title is misleading. It’s not a literal wall, but a metaphorical “wall,” and not even an effective one. 
The piece takes the view of a Central American planning to come to the United States and claims “Mexico already acts as a formidable barrier.” It also quotes a nun who runs a shelter for illegals in Mexico City . She moans: “Mexico has become a wall for migrants. The current [Mexican] policy is to arrest migrants to stop them from getting to the US border.” 
Thus, the term “wall” is a metaphor for “some Central Americans get caught in Mexico and deported back to Central America.” Not very impressive. 
The Mexican policy for dealing with its own illegals is a hodgepodge. Though Mexico doesn’t have walls on its borders with Guatemala and Belize, Mexican authorities do detain and deport illegal aliens . And the American government has reportedly put pressure on Mexico to do more. Nonetheless, plenty are still getting through. According to the article, Mexico deported a record 175,000 Central Americans last year, but the United Nations estimates 400,000 enter Mexico annually. 
There is a pre-election “surge” of illegals on the U.S.-Mexican border, as migrants want to get in now regardless of who wins. If Hillary wins, they expect amnesty. If Trump wins, they expect The Wall . Illegal immigrants surging to US-Mexico border in race against #ElectionDay . https://t.co/VwFlS1BNRW pic.twitter.com/0OeeKvljLT 
— FOX Business (@FoxBusiness) November 4, 2016 
We’ve been told for some time now there is zero net Mexican immigration to the United States [ More Mexicans Leaving Than Coming to U.S., by Ana Gonzalez-Barrera, Pew, November 19, 2015] But this misses the point. Illegals coming across the southern border are coming from Mexico. As Mexico can’t or won’t stop them, we need a barrier on our border with Mexico. 
Which brings us to another question. If Trump wins the election and builds The Wall, the Mexican government may be stuck with Central Americans who can’t continue north to the U.S. And they really don’t want that. 
In 2012, after the election of current Mexican president Enrique Pena Nieto but before his inauguration, his coordinator Arnulfo Valdivia discussed the new administration’s goal in this area. The new Mexican president wanted “to create the necessary filters so that those who cross by the southern border [of Mexico] do not stay stranded in their attempt to cross to the United States. “Valdivia also said a goal was to “diminish the number of indocumentados [illegal aliens] who are concentrated on the northern border [of Mexico] without possibilities of crossing it, forming belts of poverty [in Mexico].”[ Peña quiere `patrulla fronteriza` mexicana , by Miriam Castillo, Milenio , October 9th, 2012] 
In other words, if they cross Mexico and get to the United States, we don’t care, as long as they don’t stay in Mexico. And Mexico admits these illegals bring poverty. Indeed, Mexican authorities are quite cynical about this. A new report indicates the Mexican government is granting Haitians 20-day transit documents to reach the U.S. border, resulting in a 1,800% in illegal Haitians c rossing the border in 2016. As Duncan Hunter’s chief of staff Joe Kasper said, “Mexico doesn’t want them, but it’s entirely content with putting migrants—in this case Haitians—right on America’s doorstep.” [ DHS Documents Reveal How Mexico Is Helping Haitians Reach the U.S. Illegally , Numbers USA, October 11, 2016]. Remember this the next time somebody claims Mexico is our partner in securing the border. 
But a President Trump who, like the Israelis, shuts down illegal immigration would force Mexico to build a border barrier if they don’t want to be flooded by Central Americans. This is no easy task, given the geographical situation. Mexico’s border with Guatemala alone is 541 miles long—about a quarter the length of the U.S.-Mexican border. It’s sparsely populated and crosses forested regions, rivers, lakes, farmland, pasture, valleys and mountains, some of which are in the 13,000 feet above sea level range. 
But where there’s a will there’s a way. Some form of effective fencing could be done depending on the particular ecosystem, by utilizing natural barriers (such as mountains, rivers and valleys) as part of an overall border security plan. 
And it’s already being suggested in the Mexican press. A bold editorial in Mañana , a newspaper from the Mexican border city of Reynosa, openly calls for a border wall with Central America Sí al muro fronterizo…Pero en el sur de México [“Yes to the Border Wall…But in the South of Mexico,” July 24, 2016]. It argues Mexico’s borders with Guatemala and Belize “only give us problems because these crossings are utilized for a new invasion, that of Central Americans who utilize our country to cross to the United States”. That’s very provocative language, using the term invasion ( invasión in Spanish). 
The editorial also claims Central Americans are deported from the U.S. back to Mexico, even if they’re Central Americans and not Mexicans. The greatest number are supposedly deported to Reynosa, where they wait to try to enter America again. But while they wait, “Many of these migrants, not finding an honest way of earning a living, dedicate themselves to crime, resorting to assault, kidnapping and extortion, and in the worst of cases joining organized crime gangs.” 
This Mexican editorial says deported Central American illegals commit crimes in Mexico! What intolerance! It might as well have been written by Trump! 
Indeed, the editorial blames Central American illegals for much of the lawlessness of the border region: “Peace and tranquility have ended on the Mexican border and much of that has been due to the Central Americans who are deported from the U.S., backed up with false documents, who stay in Mexican territory.” 
The editorial proposes a solution. “Trump’s idea [of a wall] is good [!], but more necessary than constructing a wall on the northern border of Mexico is to make one on the south/southeast border to stop the passage of Central Americans to both countries.” Furthermore, the Mexican government should also demand “migratory documents for the foreigners who enter our country.” 
Though this editorial advocates a wall on Mexico’s southern border, not the American southern border, there’s no reason we can’t do both. And it’s unlikely the first will happen unless preceded by the second. 
The editors of this paper have guts and are true Mexican patriots. But in order to help Mexican patriots, we need an American patriot in charge of our own country. 
American citizen Allan Wall ( him) moved back to the U.S.A. in 2008 after many years residing in Mexico. Allan`s wife is Mexican, and their two sons are bilingual. In 2005, Allan served a tour of duty in Iraq with the Texas Army National Guard. His VDARE.COM articles are archived here ; his Mexidata.info articles are archived here ; his News With Views columns are archived here ; and his website is here .",0
15415,Rural Areas Brace for a Shortage of Doctors Due to Visa Policy - The New York Times,"In Coudersport, Pa. a town in a mountainous region an hour’s drive from the nearest Walmart, Cole Memorial Hospital counts on two Jordanian physicians to keep its obstetrics unit open and is actively recruiting foreign specialists. In Fargo, N. D. a gastroenterologist from Lebanon  —   who is among hundreds of foreign physicians in the state  —   has risen to become vice president of the North Dakota Medical Association. In Great Falls, Mont. 60 percent of the doctors who specialize in hospital care at Benefis Health System, which serves about 230, 000 people in 15 counties, are foreign doctors on work visas.   America relies on a steady flow of doctors from around the world to deliver babies, treat heart ailments and address its residents’ medical needs. But a recent,   decision by the government to alter the timetable for some visa applications is likely to delay the arrival of new foreign doctors, and is causing concern in the places that depend on them. While the Trump administration is fighting, in the courts of justice and public opinion, for its temporary travel ban affecting six countries, the slowdown in the rural doctor pipeline shows how even a small, relatively uncontroversial change can ripple throughout the country. In Montana, for example, where nine counties do not have a single physician, it means Benefis Health does not know when a Romanian doctor trained in kidney transplants will arrive. The health care company spent months recruiting the doctor and had been expecting her in July. “Our health system already has nine months invested in her, and now we have no idea when she can start,” said Erica Martin, who recruits doctors for the company. The doctor, Silviana Marineci, who is completing a fellowship at the University of Minnesota, said she was frazzled by being in limbo. “I won’t have an income, I don’t know if I will afford rent, I don’t know where I will be,” she said. “It’s insane. ” The procedural change regards temporary visas for skilled workers, known as   visas. United States Citizenship and Immigration Services recently announced that it would temporarily suspend a “premium processing” option by which employers could pay an extra $1, 225 to have   applications approved in as little as two weeks, rather than several months. Companies using that option, the government said, have effectively delayed visas for others who did not pay the extra fee. A spokeswoman for the immigration agency, Arwen Consaul, said in a statement that the measure was necessary to “work down the existing backlogs due to the high volume of incoming petitions. ” The   program has raised questions about whether it displaces American workers, particularly in computer programming and engineering jobs, for which most of the visas are issued.   recipients also include foreign physicians who practice in places shunned by American doctors for personal and professional reasons. About 25 percent of all physicians practicing or training in the United States are foreign, but in some inner cities and most rural areas, that share is significantly higher. There were 211, 460 international medical graduates practicing in the United States in December 2015, according to the latest data available from the Educational Commission for Foreign Medical Graduates. Senators Amy Klobuchar, a Minnesota Democrat Susan M. Collins, Republican of Maine and Heidi Heitkamp, Democrat of North Dakota, have urged the agency to continue premium processing. “Slowing down this successful    program and the doctors it brings to rural areas will hurt families across North Dakota and rural America,” Ms. Heitkamp wrote in an email. It was a North Dakota senator, Kent Conrad, who in 1994 proposed to relieve a shortage of doctors by tapping foreign physicians who have completed medical education in the United States. His program waives the requirement that foreign doctors who graduate from residency programs in the United States return to their home countries for two years before working here. It lures such graduates to practice in underserved areas by offering them the chance to apply for a green card to live permanently in the United States after three years. The program must be reauthorized by Congress every two years. Ms. Klobuchar, who twice has introduced legislation to make the program permanent, plans to do so again in the coming weeks. Since the program’s inception, tens of thousands of foreign physicians in a variety of specialties have flocked to clinics and hospitals in Appalachia, the Mississippi Delta region, the Great Plains and elsewhere. Many of them, such as Dr. Fadel E. Nammour, the vice president of the North Dakota Medical Association, put down roots and never leave. The friendliness that he found in Fargo reminded him of his home country, Dr. Nammour said. As a token of his gratitude, one of his first patients brought him a Styrofoam box filled with freshly caught walleye, a fish that thrives in the state’s lakes. “We provide not only the care but also our leadership,” said Dr. Nammour, who is now an American citizen. “The focus should be on making it easier to bring people in to cover the physician shortage we have. ” The delay also could affect the roughly 400 foreign medical graduates who come each year to participate in residency programs at teaching hospitals. The doctors were matched on Friday for residencies starting July 1 across the country. “Everyone around the country will be in a mad scramble to figure out this visa situation,” said Michelle   the director of international student and scholar services at the University of Colorado in Denver, which usually takes 10 or 12 residents on   each year at its Anschutz Medical Campus. The immigration agency said in a statement that applicants could still request an   approval on an “expedited basis,” if they could prove there was an emergency or humanitarian justification. Immigration lawyers said that it was extremely difficult to meet that standard, and that they doubted whether the agency could handle a flood of such requests. “If they don’t have the manpower to do premium processing, I don’t see how they are going to do special requests,” said Andrea Szew, a lawyer in Los Angeles. In the meantime, hospitals and clinics are adjusting to the possibility of being without some doctors for a while. Ms. Martin of Benefis Health said the hospital would have to give other doctors additional shifts or hire costly temporary physicians, who are frowned upon because they cannot develop a rapport with patients during their brief stints or provide continuity of care. Ms. Martin said Benefis Health was also recruiting other foreign physicians who could end up in the same situation as Dr. Marineci. “The most problematic thing is the unknown” about when the doctors can start, she said. Rom Satchi, a Canadian who completed his pediatric residency at the University of Illinois College of Medicine at Peoria, was invited for interviews at facilities in Alabama, Arkansas, Kansas, Pennsylvania and several other places desperate for a pediatrician. Ultimately, Dr. Satchi signed a contract with Mama Mia Pediatrics in northern Las Vegas, a   area that has been struggling to handle a swelling patient caseload. He agreed to start in  . But now, it is uncertain whether he will be able to get his visa in time. “At this point, I have no voice,” said Dr. Satchi, who plans to return to Canada and wait, jobless, until the visa is approved. “I can’t do anything. ”",0
15416,The Genes Of This Tribe Carry A DNA Of A Third Unknown Human Species,"« Previous - Next » The Genes Of This Tribe Carry A DNA Of A Third Unknown Human Species 
New evidence found by scientists has started to suggest that the people living on the islands of Melanesia could have human DNA the world has never seen. 
The theory is that the DNA does not come from a Neanderthal or Denisovan (which are the two ancient species we most closely relate humans with). Scientists believe that they come from a new undiscovered species that derived from the South Pacific, northeast of Austrailia. Is There a New ""Human"" Species Waiting to be Discovered? 
Bohlender a scientist who studies DNA and its historical significance conducted a study looking at humans and how they are linked to Neanderthals and Denisovans. He concluded that at this current point we are not looking at humans ancient history fully. 
Bohlender is not saying we are not closely connected to Neanderthals and Denisovans but that we have a connection with another species that is unidentified. It is common knowledge that 100,000+ years ago our ancestors migrated out of Africa and were introduced to other hominid species living in Europe and similar areas . 
We see this through various studies that state we have anywhere between 1.5 to 5 percent of out DNA. As well a study done this year linked DNA from Neanderthals to diseases (i.e. Depression, heart attacks, etc.) and that HPV was transmitted between Neanderthals and Denisovans. 
Through these highly credible sources, Bohlender estimates that what we know about the history of Neanderthals could be quite different. He states that because of these various things that happened to the Neanderthals and their significant species timeline there must have been more connections we do not know about. 
This is where Bohlender introduces his third species that had a critical role is there period and can help explain why we have unknown DNA in humans. Although all of these may be true we do not have that much are evidence that this third species even existed. 
Only a few teeth, bones and missing links have been found. This does not mean that there are a whole different species waiting to be discovered because we do not have enough proof or peer review to stamp this information factual. 
This article (The Genes Of This Tribe Carry A DNA Of A Third Unknown Human Species) is free and open source. You have permission to republish this article under a Creative Commons license with full attribution and a link to the original source on Disclose.tv Related Articles",0
15417,"From Michael Lewis, a Portrait of the Men Who Shaped ‘Moneyball’ - The New York Times","More than a decade ago, Michael Lewis was following a group of young baseball players through the minor leagues. He was working on a sequel to his 2003 best seller “Moneyball,” which chronicled how the Oakland A’s general manager Billy Beane revolutionized the sport by using statistics to evaluate players. “I thought I was going to show where the revolution went,” he said. Mr. Lewis tracked the players for two years, but the sequel never went anywhere. By then, “Moneyball” had become huge  —   it has now sold more than 1. 7 million copies  —   and the subject felt overexposed. So instead of tracking where the revolution went, Mr. Lewis decided to explore how it started. The inquiry led him to the work of two Israeli psychologists, Amos Tversky and Daniel Kahneman, whose discoveries challenged   beliefs about human nature and the way the mind works. Mr. Lewis chronicles their unusual partnership in his new book, “The Undoing Project,” a story about two unconventional thinkers who saw the world differently from everyone around them. Their peculiar area of research  —   how humans make decisions, often irrationally  —   has had profound implications for an array of fields, like professional sports, the military, medicine, politics, finance and public health. It helped explain why a simple algorithm is often better than the most experienced doctors at diagnosing stomach cancer, why so many financial experts failed to foresee the implosion of the housing market, and why professional basketball teams make costly errors when picking players  —   in short, why people’s instincts are often so wildly wrong. In 2002, Mr. Kahneman won the Nobel in economic science, a field he had no formal training in, for demonstrating how people make decisions when faced with risks and uncertainty. (When asked if their work had any application to artificial intelligence, Mr. Tversky, who died in 1996, countered that they were more interested in exploring “natural stupidity. ”) When he began digging into their research, Mr. Lewis found an even more compelling story about a fertile intellectual partnership that ended too soon, when Mr. Kahneman and Mr. Tversky had a   over who was receiving more credit for their discoveries. “It’s a love story,” Mr. Lewis said during an interview in Manhattan this fall. “It’s this bromance of such great intensity, with such fertility, and the children are ideas, the children live on. ” “The Undoing Project,” which will be released on Tuesday, seems like a departure for Mr. Lewis, whose   works have largely been   narratives that reveal something unexpected about the way markets work. Often, they feature eccentrics and visionaries who see things that others are blind to  —   like Mr. Beane of the A’s, or Michael Burry, the misanthropic hedge fund manager in “The Big Short,” who made a fortune by betting against the housing market. “The Undoing Project” centers on psychology, a field Mr. Lewis, a financial journalist who once worked as a Wall Street bond salesman, knew next to nothing about. “I had cold feet about this, for very good reasons,” he said. On closer inspection, though, it becomes obvious that Mr. Kahneman’s and Mr. Tversky’s research shaped many of the subjects that Mr. Lewis has explored, to an almost unsettling degree. “Danny and Amos’s work has something to say about why baseball players get misvalued, or why people can’t see the value of Michael Oher in ‘The Blind Side,’ or why people can’t see what   securities really are,” he said. In a roundabout way, their work influenced Mr. Lewis’s career. Their research demonstrating how people behave in fundamentally irrational ways when making decisions, relying on their gut rather than available data, gave rise to the field of behavioral economics. That discipline attracted Paul DePodesta, a Harvard student, who later went into sports management and helped upend professional baseball when he went to work for Mr. Beane. “Without their basic work, Michael Lewis doesn’t get to write ‘Moneyball,’” Starling Lawrence, Mr. Lewis’s editor at W. W. Norton, said of Mr. Kahneman and Mr. Tversky. It wasn’t until Mr. Lewis read a 2003 review of “Moneyball” in The New Republic, which mentioned the connection between Mr. Kahneman’s and Mr. Tversky’s research and the data revolution in baseball, that he realized the extent to which their work had shaped the book. He became fascinated with their research and their unique partnership. Four years later, he finally worked up the nerve to call Mr. Kahneman and request a meeting. It is hard to imagine Mr. Lewis, 56, feeling skittish around anyone. A New Orleans native, he comes across as someone who is at ease in any situation, whether he is shadowing professional athletes and coaches,   derivatives traders or bigwigs at the International Monetary Fund. After studying art history at Princeton and getting a master’s degree from the London School of Economics, he worked at Salomon Brothers selling bonds. He left to write “Liar’s Poker,” his 1989 memoir about his experience on Wall Street, which he sold to Mr. Lawrence at W. W. Norton. They have worked together ever since, on more than a dozen books. Unlike many nonfiction writers, Mr. Lewis declines to take advances, which he calls “corrupting,” even though he could easily earn seven figures. Instead, he splits the profits from the books, as well as the advertising and production costs, with Norton. The setup spurs him to work harder and to make more money if the books are successful, he says. “You should have the risk and you should enjoy the reward,” he said. “It’s not healthy for an author not to have the risk. ” Mr. Lewis’s books have sold more than nine million copies, and three have been adapted into successful feature films. Norton is printing nearly 500, 000 hardcover copies of “The Undoing Project. ” Other authors speak about him with admiration bordering on reverence. “His willingness to jump in and take on these topics that are incredibly difficult to represent on the page has always left me ” the New Yorker writer Malcolm Gladwell said in an interview. “There’s not a single book he’s written that I thought I could have pulled off myself. ” “The Undoing Project”  —   which tackles abstract concepts like utility theory, prospect theory and heuristics  —   may be Mr. Lewis’s most arcane and ambitious undertaking to date. “I don’t know how you write a book about a couple of psychologists,” Mr. Lawrence said. “Let’s just say, it’s not promising in another writer’s hands. ” When Mr. Lewis first met Mr. Kahneman in 2007, over coffee at Mr. Kahneman’s house in Berkeley, Calif. where Mr. Lewis also lives, he had no intention of writing a book about him. Instead, he found himself offering writing advice to Mr. Kahneman, who was struggling with his own book, which laid out his theories about human cognition and decision making. “He would say, ‘It’s going to ruin my reputation. I don’t know why I agreed to do this,’” Mr. Lewis said. “At some point I said, ‘If you’re not going to do it, I’m going to write something. ’” Mr. Kahneman’s literary agent vetoed that idea. In 2011, Mr. Kahneman reluctantly published his book, “Thinking, Fast and Slow. ” It sold about 1. 5 million copies. Despite the book’s success, Mr. Lewis felt the story was incomplete. Mr. Kahneman had largely left out a huge piece of the narrative  —   his own biography and his complicated relationship with Mr. Tversky. Mr. Lewis continued to lobby Mr. Kahneman to let him write about their work. Mr. Kahneman was ambivalent, arguing that the book would read like a textbook. “I said, ‘You don’t understand what a good character you are, and the fact that you don’t understand it is part of what makes you a good character,’” Mr. Lewis said. It took a few years, but Mr. Kahneman finally acquiesced. “He’s a pessimist, so he thought it would come out terribly,” said Richard H. Thaler, a professor of economics at the University of Chicago and a longtime friend of both Mr. Kahneman and Mr. Tversky. “Danny needed to be convinced and charmed, and Michael was up to the task. ” Over the next eight years, as he completed other books, Mr. Lewis spent countless hours with Mr. Kahneman, hiking in the hills surrounding Berkeley, traveling to Israel with him twice, and meeting at his apartment in Manhattan. He also dug through Mr. Tversky’s archives and correspondence, with the help of his widow, Barbara Tversky. People close to both men, including Mr. Thaler and Ms. Tversky, say Mr. Lewis captured the intensity of their relationship and their individual quirks. Colleagues described how the pair would finish each other’s sentences and could often be heard cackling from behind an office door as they wrote dense academic papers. Mr. Tversky was the bold one who delighted in undermining   dogma within psychology. Mr. Kahneman was cautious, sensitive and deeply pessimistic. A few of the more colorful details in the book stray from reality, said Ms. Tversky, who praised Mr. Lewis for getting the “broad strokes right. ” For example, Ms. Tversky disputed a delightful anecdote about how her husband was so immune to social convention that he would strip down to his underwear and run outside when he felt like getting exercise. Actually, he would on occasion run on the treadmill in his underwear, but never outside, she said. Mr. Kahneman, now 82, declined to be interviewed for this article, but offered a statement through his publisher. “Naturally, there are points on which I would quibble, but this is Michael’s book, not mine,” he wrote. “Some things in the book surprised me, some hurt, but I am glad it was written, and grateful to Michael for writing it. In the course of many conversations and countless email exchanges I came to understand the defining chapter of my life better than I had understood it before. ” Mr. Lewis said he expected Mr. Kahneman to have a complex reaction to it. “It would be out of character for Danny just to like it, because he doesn’t like much,” he said. “It would not be out of character for Danny to be kind and come to terms with it in a condescending way, like, that’s the best he could do, and I admire him for trying as hard as he could. ”",0
15418,Tea Party Express Executive Director: “Conservative” Bubble Boys Risk Squandering an Historic Opportunity - Breitbart,"If there is one thing some conservatives are good at, it is ruining a good thing. The Tea Party movement and President Donald J. Trump have successfully delivered to the Republican establishment exactly what they said they wanted: a unified,   government. [Unfortunately, instead of recognizing victory and unifying to ensure the best conservative ideas are embraced, certain conservative leaders, particularly from the elitist D. C. segment, have decided to line up a good ol’ circular firing squad.  Hours before President Trump took to the stage for his home run speech to the Joint Session of Congress, we heard cheap shots at him about budget rumors  —   since no presidential budget has been submitted yet.  Republican Senators were asserting that any budget that included desperately needed cuts to the bloated State Department would be “dead on arrival. ” They are joined by a group we can only term as Conservative Bubble Boys and Girls. They’re a small, but vocal group of entrenched politicos who have clung to the conservative label as a way to stay relevant in the D. C. bubble. Regrettably, they spend far too much of their time finding fault with what other conservatives are doing.  They’ve been out of touch for so long, it seems like they don’t really know whose team they’re on.  Following President Trump’s speech on Tuesday, I released the following statement: Since 2012, Tea Party Express has hosted the official Tea Party response to the President’s address. Last night was the first night that our address wasn’t necessary. Not because the ideas of limited government and economic growth have fallen out of vogue  —   because they surely haven’t  —   but because that speech was delivered on the floor of the U. S. House of Representatives by the President of the United States. President Trump delivered an eloquent address, where he clearly and deliberately laid out his conservative vision for America. It should now be clear to everyone that the Tea Party movement is more than rallies and protests. We have arrived in D. C. through our elected representatives, to fulfill our mission and finally rein in government. But instead of covering this milestone for the conservative movement, the Bubble Boys and Girls used it to write the Tea Party’s obituary, claiming that we were dead because we somehow embraced a big government agenda void of a conservative vision. Huh? The Weekly Standard published the piece “RIP, Tea Party: ” and claimed, “The   movement embraces big government. ”  Why?  Because they claim the President did not outline specific budget cuts, but only talked about spending priorities.  Thus, they conclude —  before a single piece of legislation is introduced —  that he is a “big government conservative. ” Then, a senior editor at National Review asserted, “Maybe I’m crazy, but I’d bet that if President Obama (or a President Jeb Bush) had made a similar speech with similar spending commitments and no explanation of how to pay for them, the Tea Party Express would have mustered enough objections to respond. ”  Yes, the National Review writer is right.  We had no confidence that Barack Obama was going to rein in the size and cost of government we would have proudly stood with Jeb Bush if he had a   cabinet.  We would have given a lot of room to a President who had appointed Judge Neil Gorsuch to the Supreme Court, or Scott Pruitt to the EPA or Tom Price to head up HHS. Furthermore, both authors oddly marginalized the President’s   agenda, which includes historic tax cuts, massive regulatory reform, and bold education changes that will affect millions of children across the nation. And that doesn’t even touch the Administration’s unequivocal commitment to repeal and replace Obamacare. These are major conservative priorities —  and priorities that have defined the Tea Party movement —  but the Bubble Boys and Girls won’t let facts get in the way of an opportunity to bash the President. Admittedly, there are plenty of details to work through as the Administration and Congress prepare to honor the promises they made to voters. And none of us are under any illusion that we’ll be happy with 100 percent of every decision made. If the President or Congress deviates from the will of the voters, we should call them out —  I know that Tea Party Express will. However, instead of impulsively attacking President Trump and fellow conservatives, let’s try to keep our powder dry and wait for there to be a fight. Maybe that way we will be ready and united to actually win some of the impending battles and deliver the best solutions for conservatives.  Taylor Budowich is the executive director of Tea Party Express, the nation’s largest Tea Party political action committee.",0
15419,Humanitarian Attempted Dangerous English Channel Swim To Save 172 Children,"This woman has literally done it all to secure funding for her 172 children. Credit: Maria Cristina Foundation 
Maria Conceicao is astonishingly dedicated to her 172 children living in Dhaka, Bangladesh and has gone to great lengths to provide them with the funding they need to get an education and reach their full potential. 
It all started in 2005, when Conceicao was working as a flight attendant with Emirates Airlines. She had a 24-hour break in Dhaka, Bangladesh and wound up visiting a hospital where a 16-year-old orphan had just given birth to twins. She was sickened by what she saw and told Arabian Business, 
“After going to the hospital in Bangladesh, I just wanted to throw up. It was filthy, dirty, lacking hygiene. There’s no beds like we have here, they stay on the floor and they have to fight and compete for floor space. I thought it was so inhumane…. I couldn’t understand how someone who is really sick and goes to a hospital and a doctor to get better, could get better [at that hospital]. Going to that hospital was like meeting suicide, their situation would have been worse.” 
Maria found herself incapable of going back to her normal life after witnessing the atrocities occurring just 4 hours from where was living. She made a vow to help these children and their families, first by asking for donations from family and friends and then by starting a foundation called the Maria Cristina Foundation to make a bigger difference in their lives. Credit: Maria Cristina Foundation 
Though funding was abundant when she first started out, the 2008 recession hit charities very hard, and Maria said the funding disappeared overnight. The school her foundation had set up was closed and the children and their families had to go back to being day laborers and begging for money. 
In an effort to get their lives back on the right track, Maria secured the children’s spots at a nearby private school but she agreed to pay their tuitions. With no funding, Maria had to get creative with how she would raise awareness and $250,000 annually to pay the tuition and improve the lives of these children. Credit: Maria Cristina Foundation 
That’s where her amazing journey began: she knew she would have to gain attention by doing something shocking, so she set her sights on some of the most dangerous treks in the world to become known internationally. Though she had no athletic inclination prior to these highly athletic feats, she began training diligently to quickly accomplish what many others have spent decades working to achieve. 
Here are just a few things she’s accomplished since she started her endeavor in 2010: Last Degree to North Pole Expedition, first Portuguese woman to climb Mount Everest, 7 full marathons in 7 days across 7 Emirates, UAE, 7 ultra marathons in 7 days in December, and 6 time Guinness World Record Holder. Credit: Maria Cristina Foundation 
As time has gone on and people have become impressed with her accelerated progress in training, people have lost interest just as fast as they’ve gained it. That’s why she jumped from treks and climbing to extreme running and, now, to swimming. 
Swimming the English channel is extremely difficult and dangerous; by comparison, fewer people have successfully completed the English Channel swim than have reached the summit of Mount Everest. What makes it so challenging is the extremely cold water, which makes hypothermia very likely, and its constant flow of ship traffic that creates currents and obstacles. One year prior to her August 27th attempt, Maria didn’t even know how to swim. Credit: Maria Cristina Foundation 
Her attempt at the swim was going well, but she was stopped 7 hours into the swim by an official boat pilot because strong tidal currents prevented her from picking up pace. She said this several days after her attempt: 
“I am disappointed with the outcome. I know I still had so much more to give, but unfortunately allowed myself to be persuaded to stop by the official boat pilot 7 hours into the swim. I wasn’t struggling, I wasn’t cold, I was just slow. However, I have been overwhelmed and overjoyed by the support that I have received. I have never receive d such strong support for previous challenges.” 
Maria’s struggle to provide for her children, who also call her their mother, continues and she will certainly be making another attempt to reach her target fundraising goal. If you would like to donate to her current campaign, you can do so here. Her foundation has already helped so many families and some of her children are even on their way to top universities, something that would have been unfathomable without her dedication and supporters. 
  Humanitarian Attempted Dangerous English Channel Swim To Save 172 Children  ",0
15420,Left Wing Activists Disrupt Rep. Dave Brat’s Town Hall — ‘You Lie’ - Breitbart,"Rep. Dave Brat ( ) faced unending interruptions at a town hall meeting in Richmond on Tuesday night. [Before Brat could even speak, the crowd chanted “read our questions,” and repeatedly yelled out “you lie” as he tried to make his remarks.  “I’m trying to listen to the people on the key issues of our day” Brat yelled over the continuous heckling. “If we go this route it’s going to be very hard to have rational, civil discourse all night. ” “I’m trying my best here,” Brat said in a video of part of the town hall that was posted on YouTube. When Brat tried to explain how the American Health Care Act passed by the House last week would cover   conditions, people booed and tried to shout him down. Activists cheered when someone asked about Trump’s tax returns and about why the Congressional Budget Office had not scored the GOP health care bill before it was voted on. Brat said he agreed a score was needed, but he was still jeered by people in the audience, some dressed in   that read “RESIST” and others showing support for Hillary Clinton and Bernie Sanders. The Associated Press reported the town hall this way: “Critics of Republican U. S. Rep. Dave Brat and the House health care bill he voted for packed a raucous town hall meeting in his Virginia district Tuesday night, booing and shouting down the congressman from start to finish. Brat is the latest in a series of lawmakers across the country who have gotten an earful from constituents at town hall meetings since last week’s passage of the House health care bill that would repeal and replace the Affordable Care Act. ” “Hundreds of people packed the suburban Richmond church for the meeting Brat   with a Republican state senator, and dozens of protesters lined up outside ahead of its start, many of them holding signs shaped like tombstones. Inside, opponents appeared to far outnumber supporters. ” Much of the town hall focused on the American Health Care Act, which passed last week on a   vote in the House, with Brat voting for it. But Brat, like other members of the Freedom Caucus, opposed the first version of the act and only came on board this round after the   amendment was added to allow states to obtain a waiver to avoid some Affordable Care Act regulations. Brat was also asked about Trump firing FBI Director James Comey and whether he would push for a special prosecutor to investigate any ties the president might have with Russia. Brat said he would not and added, “In this country you are innocent until there’s evidence. “And this applies to all of you, right?” Brat said. “No one wants the federal government coming after you unless there is evidence and no one can stand up and give me the evidence. ” ",0
15421,6 Volkswagen Executives Charged as Company Pleads Guilty in Emissions Case - The New York Times,"WASHINGTON  —   Federal prosecutors announced criminal charges on Wednesday against six Volkswagen executives for their roles in the company’s   scandal, a sharp turn by a departing administration that is trying to remake its image of being soft on corporate crime. The six executives include a former head of development of the Volkswagen brand and the head of engine development. One of those charged on Wednesday, Oliver Schmidt, was arrested in Florida last week the other five are believed to be in Germany. Volkswagen also formally pleaded guilty to charges of conspiracy to commit wire fraud and to violate the Clean Air Act, customs violations and obstruction of justice. Many of the 600, 000 cars in the United States equipped with   software were imported from Germany or Mexico. The automaker is set to pay $4. 3 billion in criminal and civil penalties in connection with the federal investigation, bringing the total cost of the deception to Volkswagen in the United States, including settlements of suits by car owners, to $20 billion  —   one of the costliest corporate scandals in history. “Volkswagen knew of these problems,” Attorney General Loretta E. Lynch said at a news conference in Washington. “When regulators expressed concerns, Volkswagen obfuscated,” she said. “And they ultimately lied. ” Extracting a guilty plea from a major corporation is a notable feat for an administration that has been accused of allowing companies to buy themselves out of indictments through   deferred prosecution deals. The move comes as outgoing members of the Obama administration race to finish major cases before leaving their jobs. The Volkswagen case is also the first major test of a Justice Department commitment to hold executives more accountable, even as the agency braces for big changes in its top ranks under   Donald J. Trump. The Justice Department has been criticized for years as being too easy on the banks that caused the financial meltdown and set off a major recession. Though financial institutions paid large fines and settled civil cases, executives mostly avoided personal liability. And large companies have rarely faced criminal charges, a policy that some critics have derisively labeled “too big to jail. ” Moving to address that criticism, Deputy Attorney General Sally Q. Yates issued a new policy in September 2015, telling prosecutors to focus from the start of their investigations on prosecuting company officials found to have engaged in wrongdoing. Too often, Ms. Yates said, the Justice Department began with a corporate investigation, negotiated a civil settlement and only at the end of an inquiry asked whether any individuals should be prosecuted. “This isn’t just a paper policy  —   I think you’re seeing the results,” Ms. Yates said in a telephone interview on Wednesday. “There’s a shift in focus here that is across the board in the department, and it’s starting to bear fruit. ” Andrew McCabe, the deputy director of the Federal Bureau of Investigation, underscored that point at the news conference with Ms. Lynch. “This case is a great example of the fact that no corporation is too big, no corporation is too global, and no person is beyond the law,” he said. The Volkswagen employees charged on Wednesday were   Neusser, 56, who oversaw development of the company’s brand Jens Hadler, 50, who oversaw engine development Richard Dorenkamp, 68, another supervisor of engine development Bernd Gottweis, 69, who helped oversee quality management and Jürgen Peter, 59, who was a liaison between regulatory agencies and the carmaker. They and Mr. Schmidt were charged with conspiracy to defraud the United States, defraud customers and violate the Clean Air Act. It is unclear whether the five executives named on Wednesday will ever appear in a United States court. If they are in Germany, the country does not normally extradite its citizens. Even if Germany does not extradite or prosecute them, the charges in the United States would severely limit their ability to travel. The case could also set up a diplomatic tussle between Germany and the coming administration, though Mr. Trump’s stance on the case is far from clear. Ms. Lynch said she could not speculate on whether Germany would hand over the men. Still, she said: “We’ve always worked very well with our German colleagues. ” Regulators in the United States first began to investigate Volkswagen early in 2014 after a study by West Virginia University showed that its diesel cars polluted far more on the road than during official emissions tests. Company executives knew that the cars were programmed to recognize when they were being tested and to deliver optimum pollution readings, according to investigators. But rather than admit wrongdoing, Volkswagen representatives provided false and misleading information for more than a year to the California Air Resources Board and the Environmental Protection Agency. Mr. Schmidt was arrested on Saturday at Miami International Airport as he was about to board a flight to Germany. In September, a former Volkswagen engineer who worked for the company in California, James Liang, pleaded guilty to charges that included conspiracy to defraud the federal government and violating the Clean Air Act. None of the executives charged on Wednesday were members of the Volkswagen management board, although several of them reported directly to the board. The lack of accusations against any top managers could help insulate Volkswagen from lawsuits by shareholders who have accused the company of failing to disclose the risks it faced. Several of those charged on Wednesday played management roles in the development of the diesel engines that were equipped with   defeat devices  —   software intended to mask excess emissions by cranking up pollution controls whenever a car was being tested on rollers in a lab. Others have been accused of concocting excuses for the excess emissions and trying to prevent regulators from discovering the truth. Volkswagen also admitted that its employees destroyed emails and other evidence in 2015 as it became clear that regulators would soon learn of the illegal software. Volkswagen’s board approved the company’s agreement with the government on Wednesday. It still needs the approval of Judge Sean F. Cox of Federal District Court in Detroit. As part of the settlement, the company will be under probation for three years and will be subject to the oversight of an independent monitor. Volkswagen must also cooperate with investigations into current and former employees. “Volkswagen deeply regrets the behavior that gave rise to the diesel crisis. Since all of this came to light, we have worked tirelessly to make things right for our affected customers,” said Matthias Müller, chief executive of Volkswagen. “The agreements that we have reached with the U. S. government reflect our determination to address misconduct that went against all of the values Volkswagen holds so dear. They are an important step forward for our company and all our employees. ” One of the key provisions Ms. Yates outlined in 2015 was a requirement that companies seeking leniency from the Justice Department provide prosecutors with information about employee wrongdoing. Defense lawyers criticized the measure, saying it would turn corporate lawyers into arms of the government. Since Ms. Yates issued the policy, many companies in corporate investigations have begun to create “Yates binders” of evidence to provide to investigators.",0
15422,BELGIUM: Leftist bleeding heart activists whine about Muslims being targeted in counter-terrorism crackdown,"BELGIUM: Leftist bleeding heart activists whine about Muslims being targeted in counter-terrorism crackdown MOLENBEEK: Belgium’s hotbed of violent Islamic jihad where up to 80% of the population is Muslim and ISIS terrorists are considered heroes, Muslims being questioned by police complain of being “insulted and humiliated,” says Human Rights Watch, who accuse police of overly harsh treatment of terrorist suspects. Belgium, with a population of just 11million and about a half million Muslims – has produced more jihadi fighters per capita than any other country in Europe. Molenbeek-Saint-Jean – home to just 90,000 habitants – has become known across the world as Europe’s “jihadi conveyor belt”. Coordinated attacks in Paris at sites including a concert hall and sports stadium killed 130 people and injured hundreds, as well as coordinated attacks at the Brussels international airport and a metro station that killed 32 people and injured hundreds ALL were linked to Belgium, the country with the highest reported number of recruits to Islamic jihadist groups per capita in Western Europe. The one-finger salute of ISIS in Molenbeek In response the Belgian government has enacted a raft of new counterterrorism laws and regulations, and deployed more than 1,800 soldiers in major cities. The Belgian police have carried out several hundred raids, detentions and stops and searches, many in Molenbeek, the neighborhood of Brussels that was a home or way station to many of the Paris and Brussels attackers. These actions have helped the authorities convict 43 suspects and charge 72 others for terrorism-related crimes. But left wing ‘rights’ groups such as Human Rights Watch claim the terrorist suspects are the ones being persecuted.",0
15423,CNN’s Van Jones Has Some Reality For Trump: If He Were Black We’d Call Him A ‘Thug’ (VIDEO),"By Allison Vincent Election 2016 , News , Politicians Behaving Badly , Politics , Racism October 29, 2016 CNN’s Van Jones Has Some Reality For Trump: If He Were Black We’d Call Him A ‘Thug’ (VIDEO) 
On Wednesday night, Donald Trump had a black man kicked out of his rally in North Carolina. 
“We have a protester! Were you paid $1500 to be a thug?” 
Well, the joke was on Trump, because the man he called “thug” was actually there supporting him, and for some odd reason…he still is. 
RELATED: Trump Calls Black Man At Rally A ‘Thug,’ Kicks Him Out – Except There’s One Big Problem 
On Friday night’s episode of Real Time With Bill Maher , CNN’s Van Jones sat down with Maher, one on one, and addressed the issue of Donald Trump’s dangerous, racist rhetoric and said that if Trump were black, people would be hearing his words in a completely different way. 
“If Trump were black, we’d be calling him a thug!” 
Bill Maher took that point further saying that if Barack Obama were caught on tape saying, “Give me a tic tac”, because when you’re a “community organizer,” they’ll just let you do whatever you want –“grab em by the p*ssy,” people would be outraged. 
Let’s face it — President Obama wouldn’t have gotten anywhere near the White House if he did the things that Trump has been caught doing, and would likely be under indictment (or possibly in prison) for sexual assault. Why does it continue to be acceptable for Trump to behave this way and get away with it? The double standard is really getting old. 
Watch the full interview here: 
Featured image via screen shot Share this Article!",0
15424,"Lest We Forget, the U.S., Too, Spent Time in the Doping Wilderness - The New York Times","RIO DE JANEIRO  —   Early in 1987, Kerry Lynch, a bright hope of the American ski team for an Olympic medal, boarded a plane for Germany. There, he met an American doctor who performed a transfusion that packed his blood with red blood cells, an elixir for endurance athletes. A few days later, at the 1987 world championships, he finished second in the Nordic combined, a grueling   event that featured   ski jumping and     skiing. It was the best performance ever by an American in that event. The plot came undone, Lynch confessed, and it turned out that Jim Page, director of the United States Nordic program, had given his blessing to the doping. The International Ski Federation booted Page for life. The United States Olympic Committee was far gentler. Page remained and became its managing director of sports performance. For much of the 1980s and 1990s, the United States had a pervasive doping problem in Olympic sports that was enabled by the U. S. O. C. Test results disappeared,   athletes ran and jumped and swam their way to medals, and complicit coaches prospered. Our Olympic leaders and corporate sponsors and many of us in the news media placed hands over eyes and blocked ears at talk of American doping. I page through this history not by way of offering a backdoor defense of Russia. Two exhaustive reports establish that the Russian government engaged in   doping, and that is a blot on world sport. More athletes now are speaking out on doping, and the timidity of the International Olympic Committee in punishing the Russians dishonors their efforts. But as we rage and stomp about Russia’s   doping, we might recall those decades when doping was a slice of American pie. Ours had no   labs creating Frankenstein drugs and athletes, nor did government officials play a role. But we had much malfeasance, from Lance Armstrong and his United States Postal Service team to Carl Lewis, who dominated several Olympics and was the greatest American track athlete of his time. In 2003, Lewis admitted that he had failed three tests for stimulants in 1988 and that Olympic executives had looked the other way. In fairness, Lewis tested positive for a small amount of stimulants, which, he said, came contained in a cold medication. Perhaps this is so. His statement, however, spoke to a culture of complicity. “There were hundreds of people getting off,” he said in 2003. “Everyone was treated the same. ” A few examples: Dr. Wade Exum, the U. S. O. C.’s antidoping director, claimed in a lawsuit filed early in the last decade that the committee’s lust for medals had helped it overcome moral good sense. His lawsuit was dismissed, but he gave documents to Sports Illustrated that showed that American Olympic officials had covered up more than 100 tests from 1988 to 2000. The Orange County Register revealed some years back that at least 34 American track and field athletes had tested positive before the Los Angeles Olympics in 1984 and had most likely gone on to compete and win medals. The next Summer Olympics was in Seoul in 1988. Pat Connelly, a prominent track coach, later testified in Congress that as many as 20 American female athletes had “probably” used anabolic steroids in preparation for those Games. Evelyn Ashford, a top American sprinter, testified that she knew of two female American gold medalists who had used steroids, although she declined to identify them. On and on it goes. It is striking how many of the best track performances from that time still stand as world records. Doping tolerance suffused our culture: American baseball rode the broad backs and   swings of the   in the 1990s with the knowledge of its leaders and team owners the N. F. L. per usual, was an   zone. I called up Max Cobb, president of U. S. Biathlon, who is a courageous crusader for clean sport. He looks back at that time with a grimace. “In the 1970s and the 1980s, it was the wild, wild West out there,” he said. Russia’s defenders might clap at this as hypocrisy exposed. Let’s pause before tumbling down that rabbit hole. I’m not inclined to shrug off conclusive evidence that Russia, with the helping hands of its state security service, has overseen systematic doping. Those athletes who wished to remain clean found that their access to the best coaches and to the most competitive meets had disappeared. Late last year, the recently defrocked chief of Russia’s antidoping agency wrote an email to a British reporter, saying he wanted to write a   book about sports doping in Russia and the country’s secret laboratory. Two months later, this    man went out to do some   skiing and died. “It was,” the Russian minister of sport noted, “a very unexpected death. ” About the same time, another general director of the antidoping agency also died unexpectedly.   book deals, not to mention knowledge of the inner workings of Russian sports, appear to be bad for your health. Thomas Bach, the pliable chief of the I. O. C. has made it clear this week that the idea of barring Russia from the Rio Olympics fills him with horror. To levy such a punishment, he said, would result “in death and devastation. ” I have no idea what interior horror movie Bach was living through when he uttered those words. If we’ve learned anything from America’s experience with decades of athletic doping, and its efforts to clean up that culture, it’s that the unyielding effort by antidoping agencies carries its own reward. The United States   Agency now aggressively pursues dopers and bars their coaches. I am not a fan of lifetime bans I dislike playing grand executioner. But Justin Gatlin, the best of the great American dash men, offers a case study in the new approach to dopers. He was booted for four years in 2006 after testing positive for testosterone. His punishment resulted in humiliation and lost earnings that ran into millions. That strikes me as suitably tough, in that it allowed him a second chance. This, however, has not pleased the Madame Defarges in the press corps, who adore denouncing Gatlin. “The expectation in the United States now is that you will be tested and there will be no shortcuts,” Cobb said. “We have really narrowed the advantage that can be obtained through doping. ” A   coda, perhaps. But after decades in the wilderness, an expectation has been set, a standard established.",0
15425,"DEAD MUSLIMS SOCIETY will sue to force small Massachusetts town to allocate space for 16,000 dead Muslims","DEAD MUSLIMS SOCIETY will sue to force small Massachusetts town to allocate space for 16,000 dead Muslims Negotiations to put a Muslim cemetery in the small town of Dudley have broken down in acrimony, and the contentious issue — replete with charges and countercharges of bigotry and grandstanding — appears to be headed for resolution in the courts, aided and abetted by the litigation jihadists of designated terrorist group CAIR. Boston Globe The Islamic Society of Greater Worcester ended talks this week after the Board of Selectmen did not accept its latest proposal for a graveyard on 55 acres of abandoned farmland , according to the society’s attorney. A counter-offer by the town also was not accepted. Neither side provided details of the private discussions. People are opposed to casket free Muslim burials which could contaminate the water supply Jay Talerman, the Islamic Society attorney, said Thursday the group will now pursue the plan in the courts, following a 10-month process that failed to produce an agreement but generated plenty of heated rhetoric. “Each time, the selectmen retreated to a position that involved violating my client’s rights,” Talerman said. “The most disappointing part appears to be that they never sincerely or genuinely had any intention to accommodate us.” (What a surprise. NOT) A suit filed by the society is pending in Massachusetts Land Court. In addition, the ACLU of Massachusetts is preparing to file a civil rights suit in US District Court, said Sarah Wunsch, the organization’s deputy legal director. The Obama thugs of the US Attorney’s Office in Boston already has launched an investigation into whether civil rights violations occurred. The state Attorney General’s office has been in talks with both sides. The town’s attorney, Gary Brackett, said that the issue always has been about the size and impact of the cemetery — not whether one would be permitted. Throughout the process, Talerman said, “the selectmen never expressed a willingness to abandon procedures that are a direct affront to my clients.” Brackett denounced Talerman’s repeated accusations that anti-Muslim bias tainted the cemetery application. Large crowds have come out to every meeting to protest the proposed cemetery “I would compare Mr. Talerman’s broad-brush claims regarding the citizens and officials of the town of Dudley as being the equivalent of Donald Trump’s attempt at portraying Muslims,” Brackett said. Dr. Amjad Bahnassi, the president of the Islamic Society, said he attributed part of the opposition to a “misunderstanding” of the Muslim religion and said the issue has become a civil rights concern for many of the estimated 5,000 Muslims in Worcester County. “We’re being denied unfairly what is granted to us by the law,” Bahnassi said. At issue is the Islamic Society’s attempt to buy farmland with enough space for an estimated 16,000 graves that, if filled, would be the largest Muslim cemetery in the state. The society currently uses a graveyard in Enfield, Conn., 60 miles from Worcester, which Muslim leaders said poses a hardship for many families. When the society’s plans became public early this year, townspeople expressed fears that burials would contaminate well water, because Muslims traditionally do not use coffins, and that the nearby rural roads would become congested. Muslim leaders continued to pursue their application through town government, even though Talerman said the society was not required to seek approval because the organization is a religious group seeking the land for a religious purpose. The town’s Zoning Board of Appeals rejected the cemetery application in June, and the Islamic Society filed suit in Land Court. The town also began efforts to buy the land under a right of first refusal for certain agricultural property. However, the Islamic Society, which already had signed a purchase-and-sale agreement for the property, argued again that the town had no such right. Facing intensifying pressure, the town eventually waived that claim. On Thursday, Talerman reiterated his longstanding contention that bigotry lies behind the lack of an agreement. “We gave this town an opportunity to lock arms with us and welcome a benign use into their town that would dispel any notion that they were biased or bigoted,” he said. “They have not taken up the olive branch and instead have doubled down on strategies that are solely intended to delay or kill our project.” (Yes, and once Trump is in office you can take your lawsuit and stuff it) RELATED STORIES/VIDEOS:",0
15426,US In Danger of Losing Allies In Asia,"
Philippines President turning his country away from the US and pivoting in the direction of China.
Often called the Donald Trump of the Philippines, this new President is turning away from America as an ally and is embracing China.
This threat to national security cannot be overstated. If we lose the Philippines as an ally, China will have free military reign of Asia. South Korea, Taiwan, Australia, New Zealand and Vietnam will be in grave danger. An analysis of this potential threat is contained in the following video.

P lease Donate to The Common Sense Show 
 
PLEASE SUBSCRIBE TO OUR YOUTUBE CHANNEL AND DON’T FORGET TO “LIKE” US 

 

This is the absolute best in food storage. Dave Hodges is a satisfied customer. Don’t wait until it is too late. Click Here for more information.
",0
15427,TRUNEWS 11/01/16 Sen Dick Black | FBI Uprising Threatens Clinton Syndicate,"TRUNEWS 11/01/16 Sen Dick Black | FBI Uprising Threatens Clinton Syndicate November 01, 2016 Will the patriot uprising inside the FBI successfully topple the Clinton Crime Syndicate? Today on TRUNEWS, Rick Wiles addresses the very real possibility that Huma Abedin's sexually sick husband, Anthony Weiner, has become State’s evidence against Hillary and her legacy of treason. Along that line of illegal collusion, Rick also speaks with Virginia House Senator Dick Black regarding the $675,000 cash donation by Governor Terry McAuliffe, to the campaign of FBI Deputy Director Andrew McCabe’s wife. Correspondent Fior Hernandez ends with a detailed report dispelling the Left’s refugee propaganda, by exposing the anti-Christian immigration policies of the Obama administration. 
Today’s Audio Streamcast. Click the audio bar to listen: <span itemprop=""name"" content=""TRUNEWS 11/01/16 Sen Dick Black | FBI Uprising Threatens Clinton Syndicate""></span> <span itemprop=""description"" content=""Will the patriot uprising inside the FBI successfully topple the Clinton Crime Syndicate? Today on TRUNEWS, Rick Wiles addresses the very real possibility that Huma Abedin&#x27;s sexually sick husband, Anthony Weiner, has become State’s evidence against Hillary and her legacy of treason. Along that line of illegal collusion, Rick also speaks with Virginia House Senator Dick Black regarding the $675,000 cash donation by Governor Terry McAuliffe, to the campaign of FBI Deputy Director Andrew McCabe’s wife....""></span> <span itemprop=""duration"" content=""5458""></span> <span itemprop=""thumbnail"" content=""http://static.panda-os.com/p/1305/sp/130500/thumbnail/entry_id/0_m0iupnij/version/1 /acv/62""></span> <span itemprop=""width"" content=""350""></span> <span itemprop=""height"" content=""25""></span> <a href=""http://corp.kaltura.com/products/video-platform-features"">Video Platform</a> <a href=""http://corp.kaltura.com/Products/Features/Video-Management"">Video Management</a> <a href=""http://corp.kaltura.com/Video-Solutions"">Video Solutions</a> <a href=""http://corp.kaltura.com/Products/Features/Video-Player"">Video Player</a> 
Right-click to download today’s show to your local device in mp3 format: Streamcast MP3 
Email: | Twitter: @EdwardSzall | Facebook: Ed Szall DOWNLOAD THE TRUNEWS MOBILE APP on Apple and Google Play ! Donate Today! Support TRUNEWS to help build a global news network that provides a credible source for world news 
We believe Christians need and deserve their own global news network to keep the worldwide Church informed, and to offer Christians a positive alternative to the anti-Christian bigotry of the mainstream news media How To Listen To TRUNEWS 
Here on our show pages, there are two ways to listen to TRUNEWS. The first is to use the embedded player on the page. It is the black bar that you see above. Just click the arrow on the player for today’s broadcast. If you prefer to save the program to listen to it later on your PC or mobile device, just click the ‘DOWNLOAD MP3’ link above to archive that particular streamcast. Streamcast Archives",0
15428,"Regardless of How America Votes, Americans Want a Different Foreign Policy","  
I have said throughout this presidential campaign that it doesn’t matter much which candidate wins. Both Donald Trump and Hillary Clinton are authoritarians and neither can be expected to roll back the leviathan state that destroys our civil liberties at home while destroying our economy and security with endless wars overseas. Candidates do not matter all that much, despite what the media would have us believe. Ideas do matter, however. And regardless of which of these candidates is elected, the battle of ideas now becomes critical. 
The day after the election is our time to really focus our efforts on making the case for a peaceful foreign policy and the prosperity it will bring. While we may not have much to cheer in Tuesday’s successful candidate, we have learned a good deal about the state of the nation from the campaigns. From the surprising success of the insurgent Bernie Sanders to a Donald Trump campaign that broke all the mainstream Republican Party rules – and may have broken the Republican Party itself – what we now understand more clearly than ever is that the American people are fed up with politics as usual. And more importantly they are fed up with the same tired old policies. 
Last month a fascinating poll was conducted by the Center for the National Interest and the Charles Koch Institute. A broad ranging 1,000 Americans were asked a series of questions about US foreign policy and the 15 year “war on terror.” You might think that after a decade and a half, trillions of dollars, and thousands of lives lost, Americans might take a more positive view of this massive effort to “rid the world of evil-doers,” as then-president George W. Bush promised. But the poll found that only 14 percent of Americans believe US foreign policy has made them more safe! More than 50 percent of those polled said the next US president should use less force overseas, and 80 percent said the president must get authorization from Congress before taking the country to war. 
These results should make us very optimistic about our movement, as it shows that we are rapidly approaching the “critical mass” where new ideas will triumph over the armies of the status quo. 
We know those in Washington with a vested interest in maintaining a US empire overseas will fight to the end to keep the financial gravy train flowing. The neocons and the liberal interventionists will continue to preach that we must run the world or everything will fall to ruin. But this election and many recent polls demonstrate that their time has passed. They may not know it yet, but their failures are too obvious and Americans are sick of paying for them. 
What is to be done? We must continue to educate ourselves and others. We must resist those who are preaching “interventionism-lite” and calling it a real alternative. Claiming we must protect our “interests” overseas really means using the US military to benefit special interests. That is not what the military is for. We must stick to our non-interventionist guns. No more regime change. No more covert destabilization programs overseas. A solid defense budget, not an imperial military budget. US troops home now. End US military action in Syria, Iraq, Afghanistan, Somalia, and so on. Just come home. 
Americans want change, no matter who wins. We need to be ready to provide that alternative.",0
15429,Hungarian Minister: Christianophobia Is ‘Last Acceptable Form of Discrimination’,"The Hungarian Foreign Minister said that Europe ignores its Christian roots to its own peril, and its lack of identity makes it difficult to understand or respect other traditions. [In an exclusive interview with Breitbart News, Péter Szijjártó, Hungary’s Minister of Foreign Affairs, pulled no punches in describing Europe’s dearth of values because of its refusal to embrace its own history.  “While everyone speaks very hypocritically about tolerance and accepting others,” Szijjártó said, “we must ask how it is possible to respect others with their religions, traditions, and history if we don’t respect our own. ” “So if you don’t respect your own culture, heritage and religion, you will not be able to respect those of others. That’s our understanding at least,” he said. The Foreign Minister was in Italy to oversee the rebuilding of a parish church in the town of Tolentino that suffered structural damage during recent earthquakes. After receiving an appeal for aid, the Hungarian government donated 480, 000 euros to the church of the Sacred Heart and Saint Benedict in Tolentino to pay for its reconstruction. The church was hit by a 6. 6 magnitude earthquake that struck central Italy on October 30. Knowing that the Hungarian government is committed to rediscovering and safeguarding the Christian roots of Europe, the prior of the church, Andrea Carradori, wrote to Hungary’s Prime Minister Viktor Orbán appealing for aid, and received a favorable response. In his interview with Breitbart News, Minister Szijjártó said that during his visit he spoke with engineers and planners of the reconstruction, which will begin at the end of this month and will conclude in November with a   of the church. Last fall, Hungary became the first country in the world to establish a government department dedicated to addressing the persecution of Christians in the Middle East and Europe. “Christianity is the most persecuted religion in the world,” Szijjártó told Breitbart. “Four out of every five people killed for their faith are Christians, yet for some reason this fact has not been duly recognized or addressed,” he said. To date, Szijjártó said, the Hungarian government has donated 5 million euros to aid persecuted Christians in the Middle East. “We don’t really understand why people don’t speak out about the fate of the Christian communities in the Middle East where they suffer intense persecution, discrimination, and threats to their lives,” he said. “We don’t like the policy of bringing them away from their homeland, because by doing so you eliminate the Christian communities there,” he said. So Hungary has opted to offer financial help to the persecuted Christians in the local communities. “We gave 1 million euros to the Syrian catholic church,” he said, “another million euros to the Syrian orthodox church. In Iraq, we rebuilt houses for 200 Christian families who will now be able to return. We spent almost another half million covering the expenses of repairing a hospital in Erbil. ” “We also made the decision to reconstruct Christian churches in Lebanon because we want to help these communities to be able to stay,” he said. By contrast, Szijjártó said, much of Europe has bought into an unhealthy form of secularism, embarrassed about their Christian faith. “Many European nations aspire to being cosmopolitan, and view Christianity as retrograde, unmodern and outdated,” he said. “We hold the opposing view. ” “Christianity is critical for the future of Hungary and of Europe, because neither the nation nor the continent can be successful without getting back to the Christian roots. These are the values upon which the whole European integration was founded,” he said. “Historically, European integration was most successful when it was based on true democratic values and Christian democratic policies,” he said. “I think that as we move further from our Christian roots —  from the anchors of our civilization —  we lose ground, and when you lose ground you simply have no hope for a better future,” he said. Szijjártó said that his country is concerned that the western world has fallen into a hypocritical approach toward religious persecution. “If you look at declarations or conclusions or decisions of European or global formats you will hardly ever find the expression ‘protection of Christian communities.’ You might find reference to the protection of religious minorities, but why is there never a mention of Christians as the most persecuted religion in the world?” he asked. “We see a very worrying signal that Christianophobia is becoming the last acceptable form of discrimination. ” “This is something we find entirely unacceptable, entirely unacceptable,” he said. Follow Thomas D. Williams on Twitter  Follow @tdwilliamsrome",0
15430,Trump to deport everyone who is not Native American,"Trump to deport everyone who is not Native American 14-11-16 PRESIDENT-ELECT Donald Trump has confirmed plans to deport 318 million non-Native American immigrants. As part of a wider plan to restore America’s old values of shamanism, living in cone-shaped tents and going on vision quests, Trump will remove anyone who is less than 50 per cent Native American, including his family and himself. He said: “We have forgotten the tribal values that made this nation great. We have lost our connection with nature and no longer even fear the Wendigo, the mighty shape-shifter who comes with the winds. “By 2017 there will be buffalo back on all the plains, Kevin Costner is going to help me and I will scalp anyone who stands in my way.” Trump voter, Martin Bishop said: “This is exactly what we wanted from Trump. “ Kick all the foreigners out, including me, my wife, kids and everyone I know. It’s Brexit plus plus plus.” He added: “The antelope is my spirit animal.” 
Share:",0
15431,How Bad Off Is Oil-Rich Venezuela? It’s Buying U.S. Oil - The New York Times,"EL FURRIAL, Venezuela  —   One oil rig was idle for weeks because a single piece of equipment was missing. Another was attacked by armed gangs who made off with all they could carry. Many oil workers say they are paid so little that they barely eat and have to keep watch over one another in case they faint while high up on the rigs. Venezuela’s petroleum industry, whose vast revenues once fueled the country’s   revolution, underwriting everything from housing to education, is spiraling into disarray. To add insult to injury, the Venezuelan government has been forced to turn to its nemesis, the United States, for help. “You call them the empire,” said Luis Centeno, a union leader for the oil workers, referring to what government officials call the United States, “and yet you’re buying their oil. ” The declining oil industry is perhaps the most urgent chapter of Venezuela’s economic crisis. Oil accounts for half of the Venezuelan government’s revenues, what former President Hugo Chávez once called an “instrument of national development. ” The state oil company poured its profits, more than $250 billion in all from 2001 to 2015, into the country’s social programs, including food imports. But those profits have evaporated with mismanagement and the drop in global oil prices over the past two years. Now, even Venezuela’s subsidized oil shipments to its vital ally Cuba are slowly being phased out, oil executives with operations in Venezuela contend, forcing Havana to look to Russia for cheap oil. For President Nicolás Maduro  —   like Mr. Chávez, who died in 2013, before him  —   Venezuela’s oil wealth has been essential to the nation’s identity and sovereignty, the financial might behind its regional ambitions and its angry defiance of the United States. The United States has always been a huge market for Venezuela’s oil. But with Venezuela’s state oil company hobbling along, it was actually forced to start importing oil from the United States. Early this year, the United States began shipping more than 50, 000 barrels a day of the light crude that Venezuela needs to prepare its own oil for export, joining a handful of suppliers that have become vital to keeping the country’s oil industry afloat. Even that lifeline is tenuous. Venezuela’s state oil company, PDVSA, is struggling to pay for the foreign oil. Some tankers wait in port for as long as two weeks to be paid, and sometimes they leave because of a lack of payment, said an oil executive who requested anonymity to avoid reprisals from the government. The problems are just some of the reasons Venezuela’s oil production has plummeted to 2. 4 million barrels a day, down 350, 000 barrels from a year ago. That is nearly a million barrels below what it was in 1998 when Mr. Chávez took power. Venezuela is racked by shortages of foods like corn and rice, which it once easily imported using the company’s vast foreign currency revenues. Essential medicines like antibiotics have disappeared. The economy is set to contract by 10 percent by the end of the year and has already seen   inflation. The price of bread alone has doubled from month to month, now about 50 cents a loaf in many places, at a time when the oil workers here say they are making less than a dollar a day because of the inflation. “We are practically working for free,” said Pedro Velásquez, a supervisor at an oil field in the town of Punta de Mata. Whatever money the government can muster to improvise patchwork repairs in its oil fields and processing plants is now drying up. With the state oil company hobbled by debts,   of its exports go to paying off Chinese and other lenders. The company is running out of resources to pay international technicians, or even its own people. “The decline is speeding up, and that will continue to happen,” said Lisa Viscidi, a Latin America energy expert at the   Dialogue, a Washington research institute. “Conditions are getting worse and worse there’s less and less money to invest. ” The condition of Venezuela’s state oil company has international oil traders concerned that its collapse could jolt an otherwise oversupplied global market. They note that when labor strife brought nearly all production in Venezuela to a halt for several weeks at the end of 2002 and in early 2003, global prices jumped more than 30 percent, marking the first in a series of international crises that ushered in a decade of climbing oil prices. Venezuela accounts for less of the international oil market today, but its exports still make up roughly 2 percent of the world’s output. That means that a serious decline in Venezuelan exports, especially if accompanied by a crisis in Nigeria or Iraq, could tighten the market enough to send oil prices climbing again. “A collapse in Venezuela would be an accelerator for oil prices it would be a total shock,” said Helima Croft, the chief commodity strategist for Royal Bank of Canada. “This country is literally imploding. ” Right now, she added, “There is no oil producer that is falling apart as fast as or as dramatically as Venezuela. ” Neither PDVSA nor its American subsidiary Citgo agreed to requests for interviews. The challenges ahead are   here in the vast oil fields of El Furrial, in northeastern Venezuela. Beneath the flat, grassy expanses lies the very grade of oil that Venezuela must now import to blend with its large reserves of heavy oil to ship them abroad. At its peak, El Furrial alone produced 453, 000 barrels a day, equivalent to about 80 percent of the national production of Ecuador. But in 2009, Mr. Chávez nationalized Wilpro, an American consortium that handled the complex natural gas injection at the site designed to coax more oil out of the ground. Production has declined by more than half. Workers at El Furrial today tell a story of decline and mismanagement. There is not even enough drilling mud  —   the most basic fluid required to keep drill bits cool and well bores clear  —   to keep all of the rigs running. At one PDVSA well pad here, China National Petroleum Corporation now fills the gap left by Wilpro. But the site had not been operating for several weeks because PDVSA had not delivered a vital piece of equipment that suspends tubing over the well. Once completed, the well might produce 3, 500 barrels of oil per day, but it was not clear when that would be. “It’s the first time we’ve ever gone three weeks waiting this way,” said Nelson Ruiz, a manager. “Normally we would get the project going after one signature, and the drill would be in the ground. ” But it is the issue of food that is demoralizing the workers the most. Workers at one production site described how they eat so little food now, they watch out for their   in case they faint. Claudio Lezama, who has spent the past eight years at the site, said he weighed about 200 pounds several years ago. Between his manual labor and being able to afford only one meal a day, he is now 145 pounds. Sitting in a trailer where workers take their breaks, he said that he worked as a stone mason to afford to feed himself during his time off. A colleague said she had taken to reselling food like yucca, cheese and eggs. “You’re a   seller,” Mr. Lezama said, chiding her for raising prices when food was in short supply in Venezuela. In a complaint filed in July by a group of workers at the state oil company, the workers detailed a history of extensive petroleum leaks since 2012 in El Furrial stemming from lack of maintenance and costly infrastructure that was left abandoned. The complaint said the problems also posed a health risk for surrounding communities. “All this has been hidden from view, generating   losses,” the complaint said. “We workers are extremely angry because no one has done anything to put a stop to this disaster. ” These days, some oil workers fear that simply going to work puts them at risk. Carlos Robles, a union leader, spent a recent afternoon talking to supervisors of a well about a number of attacks by armed gangs who robbed that facility and others of laptops,   units and metal equipment. It was getting to be 6 p. m. the time that workers warned that the gangs begin to prowl the streets of El Furrial were empty, looking as if a curfew were in place. “The only thing between us and being robbed is God and the Virgin,” said Juan Díaz, a supervisor at the site, as his shift continued into the night. International service companies like Halliburton and Schlumberger are scaling back their operations as Venezuela’s state oil company struggles to pay its debts to them  —   as much as $25 billion  —   with a flurry of bonds and promissory notes. And as the production from El Furrial and other fields plummets, the state oil company has to lean ever more heavily on Citgo, which is being forced to leverage to the hilt. Last year, Citgo borrowed $2. 5 billion to keep PDVSA afloat. And now it plans to borrow an additional $800 million to update a refinery on the island of Aruba to produce synthetic light oil, according to executives who have been briefed on the plans. Mr. Centeno, the union leader, said Venezuela’s state oil company had become so strapped that it had stopped providing its workers with new boots, helmets and gloves. “PDVSA is on the floor now,” he said.",0
15432,Hints of Prince’s Failing Health Preceded a Sudden Death - The New York Times," Read our latest report on Prince’s final days ] “Wait a few days before you waste any prayers. ” That was Prince’s reassurance to fans gathered for a dance party on Saturday night at his Paisley Park complex in Chanhassen, Minn. after reports that he had suffered a health scare during a flight on Friday. This famously private performer warned the hometown crowd not to always trust the media. A representative had insisted for weeks that it was only the flu. Days later, Prince was dead at 57, discovered not breathing after an emergency call at 9:43 a. m. on Thursday in an elevator at Paisley Park, which houses his estate and studio. While no cause of death has been given, Jason Kamerud, the chief deputy for the Carver County Sheriff’s office, said the local medical examiner would conduct an autopsy. Results are typically not available for a few days, he said. His death has shocked not only the legions of fans who had thought him to be otherworldly and invincible, but also those who had spotted him out and about in recent days: Prince was seen riding his bike, hosting a party and visiting a local record store and jazz club. Despite his enigmatic reputation, he was a familiar presence around Minneapolis. A week ago, Prince was healthy enough to give what would be his final public performance. He played two sets in one night at the Fox Theater in Atlanta, making up for shows canceled earlier this month. Addressing the crowd that evening, Prince said he had been “a little under the weather” on April 7, when the shows were originally scheduled, but added, “We’re here now. ” Nicholas Wolaver, a fan who attended the early performance, said: “You would not believe that he was singing ill. He sounded true to his talents and it was an amazing performance. ” And although he was performing with only a piano, Prince “got up and danced,” Mr. Wolaver said, adding that even after three encores, “he left people wanting a little more. ” But by the following day, TMZ reported that Prince’s plane had made an emergency landing in Moline, Ill. en route to Minnesota. After what was reportedly a brief hospital visit, Prince tweeted, “I am #transformed. ” On Saturday, there seemed no cause for concern as Prince announced the party at Paisley Park, which also served as a community gathering place. “2 GIVE THANX 4 THE GOOD WEATHER AND 4 ALL THE LOVE AND SUPPORT,” Prince tweeted, attaching a flyer for the night’s festivities. The cover charge was $10. Scott Gregoria was among the few hundred fans to show up. Prince looked “a little more weak, a little more pale than when I had seen him before,” Mr. Gregoria said outside Paisley Park on Thursday. But he noted that Prince was also in a gregarious mood, joking around with the crowd and showing off a new guitar in his trademark shade of purple. In lieu of a performance, he played a recording of the Atlanta show over the speaker system. Prince had been out and about earlier on Saturday as well. Kaitlyn Powell, 17, saw him riding bikes with a companion around a strip mall as she waited for her 3 p. m. shift to start at the local Office Max. “I saw this person biking pretty quickly around the parking lot, but it wasn’t until he got close to my car and I made eye contact with him that I realized it was actually Prince,” she said. “I kind of   myself because he wasn’t wearing purple. ” But when she left her car, there he was, just sitting on the sidewalk. “I got my phone out to take a picture and he asked me not to,” Ms. Powell said. “I said, O. K. I respect that, put my phone away and went to work. ” That morning, Prince had also noted that it was Record Store Day. “PLEASE SUPPORT UR LOCAL RECORD STORE 2DAY: (THROAT CLEARS 2 ATTRACT ATTENTION): ELECTRIC FETUS,” he tweeted, referring to the south Minneapolis shop he was known to frequent. Sure enough, he stopped in that evening to make a purchase, according to The Star Tribune. On Tuesday night, he was spotted again, this time at the Dakota Jazz Club in downtown Minneapolis, still walking the line, even in his final days, between unknowable cipher and local fixture. “For the residents of Minneapolis, the loss of Prince is too large to describe,” wrote the city’s mayor, Betsy Hodges, in a statement. “Prince never left us and we never left him. ”",0
15433,Hillary has built the biggest big-money operation ever,"Email 

BEVERLY HILLS, Calif. — More than 100 of Hillary Clinton’s biggest donors crowded into the home of Casey and Laura Wasserman here on Thursday night, each having written a check for at least $33,400 to snag a ticket. The Hollywood glitterati in attendance — Elton John performed on the piano; Barbra Streisand mingled in the crowd — were sending her off for the home stretch of the campaign with north of $5 million in fresh funding. 
It was a fitting capstone to a remarkable 18 months for Clinton on the lucrative California fundraising circuit, this final event anchored by a host committee of billionaires, Hollywood executives, media moguls and tech investors — Sean Parker, Jeffrey Katzenberg, Haim Saban, Chris Sacca — that each directed $416,000 to Clinton’s efforts. 
Clinton calls them her “Hillblazers,” campaign bundlers who have given or raised at least $100,000 for her campaign. And she has erected an unparalleled and unprecedented infrastructure of 1,133 such people — nearly double the number of any past presidential candidate, including President Obama four years ago. 
While Clinton and her advisers like to tout her small online donors, it is these bundlers in more than 40 states and four foreign countries who form the true backbone of her financial operation. Combined, this elite $100,000-and-up club has amassed a minimum of $113 million for Clinton and the Democratic Party — and the actual figure is likely far, far higher than that. (The biggest bundlers typically collect millions for campaigns.) 
“We had the best base of donors and bundlers and raisers ever in 2008. It was even better in 2012. And it’s much better in 2016 than 2012,” said Wade Randlett, a San Francisco-based Democrat who has raised money for Clinton, Obama and Democratic causes for decades. “The Obama people basically 100 percent in are favor of Hillary. There’s really no loss because of ideology or bad blood. And she has added an enormous number of people, especially women.” 
Among her bundlers are celebrities (Will Smith) and sports stars (Earvin “Magic” Johnson), Hollywood directors (Steven Spielberg and George Lucas) and corporate executives (Marissa Mayer and Sheryl Sandberg), Wall Street-types (Marc Lasry), media executives (Haim Saban and Anna Wintour) and members of Congress, including her running mate, Sen. Tim Kaine, who helped raise more than $100,000 for Clinton before he joined the ticket in July. 
The Clinton campaign said 45 percent of its bundlers are women. 
There are also federal lobbyists, from whom the Democratic Party under Obama refused to accept money, a prohibition that has since been rolled back. 
This club has expanded to the point where Clinton would now struggle to fit all of these bundlers into a single ballroom. As of the end of June, she counted 496 such individuals and couples. By the end of July, it was 871. On August 31, it was 1,133. 
It includes billionaires George Soros, Warren Buffett and Tom Steyer, super lobbyists like Steve Elmendorf and bold-faced names like Calvin Klein and J.J. Abrams. There is also a sprinkling of longtime Clinton family advisers, such as Vernon Jordan.",0
15434,Trump Says He’d Love to Take on Biden in Literal DC Beatdown,"Trump-Hating Reporter Nearly Catatonic on Air After O’Reilly Proves She’s a Fraud 
“Did you see where Biden wants to take me to the back of the barn? Me. He wants to. I’d love that. I’d love that. Mr. Tough Guy,” Trump told the crowd. 
“You know, he’s Mr. Tough Guy. You know when he’s Mr. Tough Guy? When he’s standing behind the microphone by himself — that’s when,” Trump added. “Some things in life you could really love doing.” 
Trump’s remarks came after Biden made the threat last Friday. Advertisement - story continues below 
“The press always asks me: Don’t I wish I were debating him?” Biden said, referencing the possibility that he might have run for president in 2016. “No, I wish I were in high school, I could take him behind the gym. That’s what I wish.” 
Trump had already anticipated the criticism the media was going to have in advance, and parried back: “If I said that, they’d say: ‘He’s violent. How could he have done that,’” Trump told the crowd in reference to Biden’s comments. 
The he cleverly pivoted to his actual opponent in the 2016 election. 
“Let’s knock out Hillary Clinton,” he said. “She’s as crooked as a three-dollar bill.” Advertisement - story continues below",0
15435,EXCLUSIVE – Mike Huckabee to Trump: Ignore Detractors and Move U.S. Embassy to Jerusalem  ,"JERUSALEM  —   Speaking to Breitbart News during a trip to Israel, former Arkansas Governor Mike Huckabee hailed President Donald Trump’s historic trip to Israel and urged the president to fulfil his campaign promise to move the U. S. embassy from Tel Aviv to Jerusalem despite pressure against such a move. [“I think this is a historic trip,” said Huckabee. “He made the first ever flight from Riyadh to Tel Aviv. We had the first sitting U. S. president go to the Western Wall and offer a prayer. I think that is incredibly significant. ”  Huckabee said that Trump has been “very vocal in his support for Israel and I think that the people here sense it. ” Continued Huckabee: I also hope with all my heart that he will keep his campaign promise to move the U. S. embassy. I know there is enormous pressure for him not to do that. The rationale is that it will make certain people unhappy. Whoever those people are, they are unhappy already. They are not going to be made happy by the location of the U. S. embassy. Huckabee said Trump’s visits to Israel and Saudi Arabia have demonstrated that a “very strong America is much better than a weak America. This is so incredibly different from the eight years of Barack Obama’s administration. ” “The reception that Trump received in Saudi Arabia was a stunning contrast to the one received by Barack Obama,” he continued. “In Obama, they [the Saudis] saw a weak American leader, whereas with Trump they see someone who exhibits strength. Whose strength in leadership is out front. They might not have agreed with everything that Trump said [in his address in Saudi Arabia] but they have to respect that he spoke the truth. ” Huckabee, who ran against Trump in the 2016 presidential election before endorsing him, is in Israel on a brief tour with   American activist Dr. Joseph Frager. On Sunday night, Huckabee and Frager went for a nighttime visit to Joseph’s Tomb, Judaism’s third holiest site, located in a complex controlled by the Palestinian Authority. “It’s an amazing experience to have to come to this type of difficulty just to be able to come to a holy site for Jews and frankly even for Christians, who pay tribute to Joseph,” Huckabee said at the site, according to Ynetnews. “To have to do it in the dead of night, under armed guard, with the smell of tear gas in the air, burning tires along the route, it’s a stark reminder [of how different] it is in the heart of Israel, where the Israeli government protects every Muslim that accesses their holy site,” he added. “In Judea and Samaria [the West Bank] Jewish people do not have unhindered access to holy sites without having to go to extraordinary lengths in order to be able to access these places. ” Huckabee will also attend the annual Moskowitz Prize for Zionism reception. The prize was “established in recognition of the people who put Zionism into action in today’s Israeli society  —   at times risking their own personal security, placing the collective before personal needs and doing what it takes to ensure a strong, secure Jewish homeland. ” It was established by the late   Irving Moskowitz, whose wife Cherna continues the family’s philanthropy. U. S. law requires the relocation of the embassy to Jerusalem. However, President Obama signed successive waivers delaying the move. The current waiver expires on June 1. Numerous reports in recent days cited White House officials saying that Trump is not expected to use the visit to announce an embassy move. Still, that prediction is subject to change. Even if Trump does not announce an embassy move, there are   that could be put into place, including the possibility of David Friedman, the U. S. ambassador to Israel, setting up shop at the U. S. consulate in Jerusalem instead of the beachfront embassy building in Tel Aviv. Aaron Klein is Breitbart’s Jerusalem bureau chief and senior investigative reporter. He is a New York Times bestselling author and hosts the popular weekend talk radio program, “Aaron Klein Investigative Radio. ” Follow him on Twitter @AaronKleinShow. Follow him on Facebook.",0
15436,"Maddow: Trump’s Speech ’Militant,’ ’Dark,’ ’America First Has ’Dark Echoes’ of Anti-Semitism and Nazism - Breitbart","During MSNBC’s coverage of Friday’s Inauguration, anchor Rachel Maddow stated that President Trump’s Inaugural Address “was militant, and it was dark,” and “America First” “means a specific thing in this country,” the “infiltrated by Nazis” and “ ” America First Committee, and “to   it now, not that far down the historical path, it’s hard. ”  Maddow said, “This was a   speech. He  —   it was short and he went through it quickly, and it was militant, and it was dark, the crime, the gangs, the drugs, this American carnage, disrepair, decay. You can’t imagine the outgoing president giving a speech like that. This president also repeating  —   the new president, also repeating that our guiding principle will be America first, America first. We know how he has used that as a campaign slogan, that does also have dark echoes in American history. There was an America First Committee that formed in this country, hundreds of thousands of people in this country, some of the richest businessmen in the country were a part of of it. They were formed to keep us out of World War II. They were infiltrated by the Nazis. Many of them were   part of why they weren’t alarmed by Hitler’s rise in Germany. The America First Committee is something that means a specific thing in this country, to   it now, not that far down the historical path, it’s hard. It’s hard to hear. ” (  Daily Caller) Follow Ian Hanchett on Twitter @IanHanchett",0
15437,Monsieur Malbrough est Mort | New Eastern Outlook,"Region: Europe A recently published article titled with the words of a popular French song “ Marlbrough s’en va-t-en Guerre ” has attracted much attention around the background of Francois Hollande’s “achievements” Now that Donald Trump has been elected as the next President of the United States, a string of European politicians have started voicing their discontent, including the current French President. He has failed to hide such discontent with the decision Americans have made. However, he described Trump’s victory as a “lesson learnt,” the importance of which “goes far beyond the borders of the United States.” Little did he know, French politicians have interpreted this passage in their own reserved way. On November 10, the lower house of the Assemblée nationale has passed the vote to impeach Hollande, passing the bill with 152 votes out of the total of 199, resulting in the president of the Assemblée Nationale, Claude Bartolone, officially submitting a draft resolution for Hollande’s impeachment. The impeachment procedure has only been introduced in 2014 in accordance with Article 68 of the French Constitution. According to the laws of the Fifth Republic, a president can only be impeached if he blatantly ignored his duties. To start this procedure, one would have to obtain 58 votes in the Assemblée Nationale, where the Republicans are now holding a total of 193 seats. The demand for Hollande to leave was signed by a total 152 deputies, including the Republican Spokesperson in the Assembly, Christian Jacob and the former Prime-Minister Fran ç ois Fillon. The Right are convinced that Hollande should be held liable for disclosing state secrets in his book with the telling title “ A President Shouldn’t Say This “ (U n pr é sident ne devrait pas dire ç a …). They are convinced that a president should know better than putting down all the details of French secret service operations aimed at assassinating terrorist leaders abroad. If the draft is to be found valid, it will be handed over to a special judicial committee of the the lower house of the the Assemblée Nationale. Finally, when everything is said and done, the two houses will form the Republican High Court that will decide the fate of the sitting president. But regardless of how the impeachment procedure turns out in the end, this whole affairs has literally ended Hollande’s political career, since he has no chance to get reelected. Therefore, one could use the words of the above mentioned song : « Monsieur Malbrough est mort » ( Malbrough is now dead ). However, this wasn’t much of a surprise for anyone who has been following French politics, since, according to Le Figaro , Hollande’s approval rating has hit an all time low of 11%. No President in French history enjoyed less support from the population, with even the Socialist party reluctant to back up Hollande’s policies, with only 34% supporting him. However, it seems unlikely that Hollande will be the only European leader that will have to face the consequences of his mindless support of US President Obama’s warmongering policies that have, at the end of the day, inflicted serious damage to EU interests. Jean P é rier is an independent researcher and analyst and a renowned expert on the Near and Middle East , exclusively for the online magazine “New Eastern Outlook” Popular Articles ",0
15438,C.I.A. Chief Warns Donald Trump Against Tearing Up Iran Nuclear Deal - The New York Times,"LONDON  —   The director of the C. I. A. has issued a stark warning to   Donald J. Trump: Tearing up the Iran nuclear deal would be “the height of folly” and “disastrous. ” During the election campaign, Mr. Trump railed against the deal, calling it a disaster and pledging to “dismantle” the historic accord, reached in 2015, in which Tehran agreed to limits on its nuclear program in return for the lifting of international oil and financial sanctions. Representative Mike Pompeo of Kansas, a Republican whom Mr. Trump has chosen to succeed John O. Brennan as head of the C. I. A. wrote in   on Twitter, “I look forward to rolling back this disastrous deal with the world’s largest state sponsor of terrorism. ” But in an interview with the BBC that was published on its website on Wednesday, Mr. Brennan warned that scrapping the nuclear deal would undermine American foreign policy, embolden   in Iran and threaten to set off an arms race in the Middle East by encouraging other countries to develop nuclear weapons. “First of all, for one administration to tear up an agreement that a previous administration made would be unprecedented,” Mr. Brennan said in the BBC interview, which the broadcaster said was the first by a C. I. A. director with the British news media. “I think it would be the height of folly if the next administration were to tear up that agreement. ” Mr. Trump has professed admiration for President Vladimir V. Putin of Russia, calling him a strong leader, and promised closer relations with Moscow, but Mr. Brennan, who was appointed by President Obama and will step down in January after four years, warned that the incoming administration needed to be skeptical about the Kremlin. “I think President Trump and the new administration need to be wary of Russian promises,” he told the BBC, reiterating the widely held view that Russia had carried out hacking during the United States election and blaming Moscow for the deteriorating situation in Syria. He said he had spoken with officials in Russia about the hacking accusations and had warned them that such activity would have adverse consequences. The United States should not “stoop to their level,” he said, even as he emphasized that there were other means to make sure Moscow understood unequivocally that the United States would not tolerate such practices. He characterized the killing of civilians in Syria as “outrageous” and blamed the government of President Bashar   and Russia for the bloodshed, warning that Moscow had shown that it was willing to protect its interests with a reckless disregard for the people affected by its policies. “Russia is a country that will pursue its national interests, frequently to the detriment of the interests of the peoples of the countries wherein it operates,” he said. Mr. Brennan told the BBC that the United States should continue to support moderate rebels fighting Mr. Assad’s forces in Syria as a bulwark against the “onslaught” meted out by the Syrian government and its allies, Russia, Iran and Hezbollah. Alluding to the ferocious fighting in recent days in the Syrian city of Aleppo, which has seen thousands of civilians flee for their lives, he said Russia had failed to show that it was a dependable negotiating partner and had prolonged the discussion process with the aim of choking the city. “I do not have confidence that the Russians are going to relent until they are able to achieve as much tactical battlefield successes as possible,” he said. Mr. Brennan also took a strong stand against waterboarding, which he said had undermined the C. I. A. The agency came under fierce international criticism after using interrogation methods like waterboarding in the aftermath of the Sept. 11, 2001, attacks in the United States, and Mr. Obama has since banned the practice. During the campaign, Mr. Trump pledged to bring back waterboarding and said he was open to unspecified methods he characterized as “a hell of a lot worse. ” And even as he indicated in an interview last week with the The New York Times that he had heard persuasive arguments that torture was not effective, he has left the option open. Mr. Brennan warned that the use of waterboarding would be rejected by most officers at the C. I. A. “Without a doubt, the C. I. A. really took some body blows as a result of its experiences,” he told the BBC. “I think the overwhelming majority of C. I. A. officers would not want to get back into that business. ” Mr. Brennan warned that despite recent setbacks on the battlefield in Iraq and elsewhere, Islamic State operatives responsible for waging attacks against the West remained “very active” and retained the means to continue their campaign. He also said the incoming administration should be careful how it characterizes the fight against Islamic extremists, because of the risk of playing into the hands of terrorists. “The new team needs to be disciplined in the language that they use, the messages that they send, because if they are not disciplined, their language will be exploited by the terrorists and extremist organizations as a way to portray the United States and the government as being   and we are not. ” Mr. Brennan told the BBC that he was ready to sit down with the new administration and to outline the challenges. “There are a lot of people out there who read the papers and listened to news broadcasts where the facts may be a bit  —   you know  —   off,” he said. “And so I want to make sure the new team understands what the reality is. It ultimately will be up to them to decide how to carry out their responsibilities. ”",0
15439,Seattle Doling Legal Aid for Illegal Aliens,"Taxpayers in Seattle will soon be paying for illegal aliens to receive legal services against deportation charges in federal court. [The Seattle City Council has allocated $1 million to be distributed to   organizations aligned with the open borders lobby to cover legal expenses, the Seattle Times reports.  The neighboring Metropolitan King County Council passed a similar allocation, vowing to distribute $750, 000 for legal services. The decision comes as a new report found that the Department of Homeland Security (DHS) has made swift changes to immigration courts, seeking deportations for almost every illegal alien, Breitbart Texas reported Tuesday. Taxpayers in Washington, D. C. Los Angeles County and Chicago, Illinois, are now paying for legal services as well, Breitbart Texas reported. John Binder is a contributor for Breitbart Texas. Follow him on Twitter at @JxhnBinder.",0
15440,"This Honest Trailer for Sherlock is hilarious and, well, honest","Next Prev Swipe left/right This Honest Trailer for Sherlock is hilarious and, well, honest YouTubers Screen Junkies are past masters at producing brilliantly honest trailers for films and TV shows. Previous masterpieces include Ghostbusters (2016), Frozen and Deadpool. Now they’ve tackled the hit BBC show, Sherlock, which stars the omnipresent Benedict Cumberbatch . 
It tackles such issues as: Sherlock ‘s ability to produce floating words Martin Freeman ‘s reaction faces Inordinate amounts of tea drinking And mercilessly ripping the famous deerstalker hat Though, YouTube user Tom Brown added his own assessment of Sherlock as a comment on the video, “ Bilbo Baggins and Smaug join forces to solve mysterious crime in Middle-Earth!” 
Hmmm …not quite!",0
15441,Hillary Clinton Jumps the Shark with ‘Trump’s Secret Russian Server’ Conspiracy Theory,"
21st Century Wire says… 
Yesterday, WikiLeaks editor and founder Julian Assange confirmed what 21WIRE already knew – that Hillary Clinton and the Obama White House’s claim of the US election process being “hacked by the Russian government” was a desperate work of fiction. Not content with that fish tale, Hillary Clinton took the narrative to an embarrassing new low (if that was even possible) with another, wilder made-up conspiracy story about the Russians. 
The following statement made by Hillary Clinton yesterday epitomizes the term “ jumping the shark “: It's time for Trump to answer serious questions about his ties to Russia. https://t.co/D8oSmyVAR4 pic.twitter.com/07dRyEmPjX 
— Hillary Clinton (@HillaryClinton) October 31, 2016 
Apparently, Hillary Clinton’s campaign staff fed her a planted online news story (by the Clinton campaign?) which ran on a questionable pro-Democratic Party online news outlet. On Monday, the Slate ran the story by one of its alleged “journalists” named Franklin Foer , complete with a clickbait blog-like headline, “Was a Trump Server Communicating With Russia?” 
Whatever legitimacy the Slate had before last night, just evaporated. 
John Roberts from Forbes explains, “The bottom line is that Slate screwed up by publishing this in the first place, and by adding more kooky misinformation to an already addled election season. As for Foer, he says on Twitter a “follow up” piece is in the works.” 
Roberts rightly points out that the only follow-up story for this lemon should start with the word “RETRACTION.” 
CYBER FEUD: Assange believes Clinton has gone beyond the pale with her Russian conspiracy obsession. 
During his exclusive interview with award-winning filmmaker John Pilger, when asked what he thought of Hillary Clinton’s shrill antics, Julian Assange said, “ “I actually feel quite sorry for Hillary Clinton as a person, because I see someone who is eaten alive by their ambitions, tormented literally to the point where they become sick.” 
The saddest thing about this and the other dishonest and destructive actions of the Clinton campaign and the Democratic Party – is that no one in the party seems to see anything wrong with this level of deceit and dishonesty. Like Hillary Clinton in her sociopathic path to power, the party rank and file are acting like a cult coven following their high priestess. 
Still, Clinton surrogates in the media are trying to equate Clinton simultaneously scapegoating and baiting another nuclear superpower – with a decade-old misogynist hot mic audio excerpt of Donald Trump in a TMZ-style tabloid sting. That pretty much sums up Democratic Party strategy for this election season. 
Assange was right. Clinton, the Democratic Party and their surrogate, are eating themselves. Such are the spoils of power in Washington that men and women will do and say anything to have it. 
READ MORE ELECTION NEWS AT: 21st Century Wire 2016 Files 
SUPPORT 21WIRE – SUBSCRIBE & BECOME A MEMBER @21WIRE.TV ",0
15442,"Migrants and Smugglers Won’t Be Stopped by Donald Trump’s Wall, Ranchers Say - The New York Times","NACO, Ariz.  —   John Ladd has two old pickups he uses to bang around his ranch, which rambles for 10 miles beside the Mexico line. One’s a red Chevy that not long ago carried the body of yet another border crosser who had died on his property. The other is a blue Dodge with better shocks, and that’s what he is driving now, along an unpaved road in an unincorporated place called Naco. To his immediate right, cattle roam the mesquite and grass of his family’s   ranch. To his left, a    set of interlocking fences slices into the distance, this one 12 feet high, this one 18 feet high, this one a metal mesh, this one a vertical grille, section after section after section. Mr. Ladd, 61, looks and acts the way a rancher is expected to, with brush mustache, hard squint and    affect, all kept tight under a   cowboy hat. Bouncing westward, he points to spots where fencing had been peeled in the past like an upturned can of Spam. In the last four years, he says, more than 50 vehicles have rumbled through fence cuts and across his property. What is the protocol when you encounter armed drug smugglers driving on your land? “You pull over and say, ‘Adiós,’” Mr. Ladd says. “You don’t get in their way, because they’ll kill you. ” Here is one aspect of everyday life along the southern border, where national demarcations are blurred by the supply and demand for what the United States continues to crave: drugs and cheap labor. The attendant casualties include human rights, property rights, civil discourse and the security of sovereignty. But is the Great Wall of Trump, as proposed by the Republican candidate for president, the solution to the problems of ranchers like Mr. Ladd? If pixie dust sprinkled into the dry earth could make all the   obstacles disappear, beginning with the   cost, would a concrete divide constructed to Donald J. Trump’s aesthetics (“beautiful,” with “a big beautiful door”) and   specifications (25 feet high! 35 feet high!! 55 feet high! !!) serve its intended purpose? The answer heard time and again from Mr. Ladd and others along the border is a weary no. “The wall?” says Larry Dietrich, a local rancher. “I mean, it’s silly. ” But what if this beautiful wall  —   and “wall” is the term used in the Republican Party platform  —   had a foundation deep enough to discourage tunneling? What if the beautiful concrete panels were designed to thwart climbing over or plowing through? And what if it stretched for hundreds of miles, its beauty interrupted only by rugged, virtually impassable terrain? “It isn’t going to work,” Mr. Ladd says. Ed Ashurst, 65, an outspoken rancher who manages land about 20 miles from the border, is more assertive, but he needs to address something else first. “I’ll be straight up with you,” he says with a scowl. “If Hillary Clinton gets elected, I’m moving to Australia. ” Time will tell whether the Arizona rancher is forced to blend into the Outback, but his assessment of Mr. Trump’s plan is just as succinct. “To say you’re going to build a wall from Brownsville to San Diego?” he says. “That is the most idiotic thing I’ve ever heard. And it’s not going to change anything. ” The solution favored among ranchers is infused with a fatalism that nothing will change  —   government being government, and the cartels always one step ahead  —   so why bother. But here it goes: Intensive,    patrols along the border are required for a fence or wall to work otherwise, those determined to cross will always find a way. But, they argue, if you have boots on the ground, you will have no need for anything so beautiful as the Great Wall of Trump. It is easy, from a distance, to dismiss the ranchers along the border as   Chicken Littles whose complaints hint of racism. Too easy, in fact. Ranchers will say they saw people with backpacks trekking across their property last week, last night, early this morning. Some will say they have grudging agreements of access with drug cartels, as long as trespassers stay far from their homes. Dogs bark, motion lights flicker, things go missing. The unnerving has become everyday life, Mr. Ashurst says, and then he asks my colleague and me where we live. Metropolitan New York, we answer. Nice, Mr. Ashurst says, still scowling. “But how would you like it?” he asks, referring to the    parade of strangers, some armed, past his door. “Do you think you’re more important than the poor moron who has the misfortune to live along the border?” True, the overall number of migrants has plummeted in the last 15 years or so. Here, in what the Border Patrol categorizes as the Tucson sector  —   about 90, 000 square miles, with 262 miles of border  —   there were 63, 397 arrests in the 2015 fiscal year, compared with 10 times that in the 2001 fiscal year. Paul Beeson, the patrol’s chief agent for the Tucson sector, attributes the drop to an increase in officers and tactical equipment, an improvement in the Mexican economy, and the fencing erected along the border about a decade ago. But Mr. Ladd and other ranchers say there has been an unsettling swap: fewer migrants, but many more drug traffickers. Mr. Beeson acknowledges the change in demographics, and the challenge in facing an adversary with comparable intelligence and surveillance abilities. “They don’t have to move their product today,” he says of the cartels. “They can move it tomorrow. They can sit and watch, and they do that. Watching us. Watching us watching them. ” But he says the Border Patrol continues to bolster its “tactical infrastructure”  —   higher resolution cameras, for example, and an increased use of drones. “It’s unacceptable to us that folks along the border should be experiencing this type of activity,” Mr. Beeson says. “We’re doing all we can. ” It is telling, though, that Mr. Ladd never used to carry a gun or a cellphone. That changed six years ago, when his friend Robert Krentz Jr. known to help people no matter their nationality, was shot to death on his family’s ranch after radioing his brother that he had come upon another migrant in distress. His unsolved murder caused a national outcry, and it led to state legislation intended to crack down on illegal immigration. It also prompted Mr. Ladd’s wife to demand that he carry a cellphone and a Glock. But, really, what is a Glock going to do? About 100 miles northeast of Naco, in a New Mexico dot called Animas, a few people gathered recently to sip iced tea and discuss where things stand. The Elbrocks  —   Tricia and Ed  —   set the tone by recalling how drug smugglers kidnapped one of their ranch hands a few months ago. According to the Elbrocks, the smugglers threatened to kill his family, loaded his pickup with packs of marijuana and drove him and the drugs 75 miles to the Arizona town of Willcox. Then they tied him up and abandoned him and the truck the next morning. A spokesman for the F. B. I. in Albuquerque said the kidnapping remained under investigation. As for the ranch hand, Ms. Elbrock said, “He’s in counseling. ” The fear, the frustration, the sense of being forsaken  —   it can be exhausting. “Nothing seems to work, because we keep buying what they bring to sell,” said Crystal Foreman Brown, 62, an artist and the host of this   chat. “But Trump’s fence issue at least brings up the issue that there is an issue. For officials in Washington to act like we’re being silly and hysterical  —   it’s kind of inconceivable. ” Back in Naco, Mr. Ladd continues his   ride between Mexico and his ranch, along a   road called the Roosevelt Easement. His family has been in Naco for more than a century  —   before there was a Naco, in fact. Some say the name comes from combining the last two letters of Arizona and Mexico, but Mr. Ladd isn’t so sure. Naco is a drowsy dog of a place that seems not to have benefited much from being a sanctioned port of entry to Mexico. Adding to the stillness is a collection of abandoned barracks, built a century ago for American troops who chased after the Mexican revolutionary Pancho Villa after he attacked the New Mexico town of Columbus. They never caught him. Mr. Ladd says his family has sponsored three Mexicans for citizenship  —   but has seen more border sorrow than joy. Over the years, he says, the bodies of 14 people trying to get someplace else have been found on Ladd property. The last was in September. A party of six got caught in flooding five were rescued, and the body of the sixth was found several days later. Mr. Ladd waited for the authorities, but it was getting dark. So he moved the man’s body in his red pickup to Route 92, where a funeral home took custody. He recalls the event in that same measured way that underscores how common the uncommon is along the border. Rumbling west along the rutted road, Mr. Ladd points to his left and, referring to the cartels, says, “This is where they cut the wall down to drive trucks through. ” He is like an art museum denizen who has memorized the history of the permanent exhibits, commenting on the changing fence designs as he drives, noting the insignia of the military units who installed some of them on behalf of the Department of Homeland Security. The truck stops suddenly. “Well lookee there,” Mr. Ladd says, pointing to his right. “I got a cut fence. ” Snipped again, and Lord knows how many times his cows have wandered off as a result. The rancher slips white work gloves over his rough hands and reaches for a ball of blue   string. Soon he is stitching together what has been broken, as gunmetal rain clouds move east from the Huachuca Mountains and the wind whistles through the mesh divide.",0
15443,Value-Seekers Warm to a $450 Annual Credit Card Fee - The New York Times,"Seldom does a new credit card go viral. There are the unboxing videos posted on YouTube: People exulting in receiving the precious new metallic rectangle, lovingly unwrapping it, boasting to the world of their ownership of it. (One video features a cat ripping the package open.) There are message boards and blogs dedicated to obsessing over it, with more than 6, 000 comments so far on a Reddit discussion. It is so popular that JPMorgan Chase, the bank that issues the card, ran out of the engraved card’s fancy metal stock in only 10 days, and had to send a temporary plastic placeholder to disappointed customers. But the Chase Sapphire Reserve card has done more than generate product hysteria at its finest. It has also intensified the arms race among large credit card issuers, which are introducing increasingly lavish rewards programs to capture affluent consumers who spend large sums on travel and recreation, but no longer want to be bound to one particular hotel or airline’s affinity program. The price for these premium cards can seem outlandish: $450 a year. But for a growing number of customers, the math makes sense. Cards that were once more about elite service and social status are now emphasizing their   value proposition  —   even when it comes with a hefty annual fee. “American Express used to have a stranglehold on the   market, but folks like Chase and Citi are coming hard after their crown,” said Matt Schulz, an analyst for CreditCards. com, a comparison site. “It’s the best time in years to shop for a rewards card. ” American Express’s Platinum charge card pioneered the premium category, and was for a long time its undisputed champion. But in 2014, Citi overhauled its   Prestige credit card to take on the Platinum card with similar perks  —   free hotel stays, access to airport lounges and private golf courses, transferable points redeemable for airfares and upgrades  —   as well as spending incentives to let customers cash in faster. It quickly became a favorite among   road warriors. Chase started making plans early last year for its own entry into the market. Those who call themselves travel hackers, a community of   who go to elaborate lengths to maximize their reward points, obsessively analyze the nuances of the latest deals the way sports fans scrutinize their team’s draft picks. In late July, rumors began spreading on FlyerTalk, a popular message board, that Chase had a new card in the works, with a     bonus  —   twice the standard offer from its rivals. When an online link accidentally went live in   a week earlier than Chase planned, people pounced: Hundreds of applications poured in for a card Chase had not yet announced. “It significantly exceeded our expectations,” Amy Bonitatibus, a spokeswoman for Chase, said of the “tens of thousands” of cards the bank has issued so far. It has been a particular hit with millennials, who make up the majority of the cardholders  —   a noteworthy detail, given that many millennials have been turning   on credit cards. The card’s rich   bonus caught the eye of Amber Cooney, 29, who works for a nonprofit lender in Austin and is saving for a honeymoon next year in Italy and Croatia. She considers herself a casual credit card user, but she started paying attention to points and rewards a few years ago when she realized that her spending patterns could net her free vacations if she planned carefully. “Rewards cards made travel a reality for me,” she said. “I went from seeing Niagara Falls and calling that my international travel to visiting four different countries. ” Her points have paid for airfare to Argentina and hotels in Paris she plans to use her Chase card on a trip to Japan this year. Ben Schlappig, 26, a travel blogger who lives the life of an   nomad  —   he has no fixed address, preferring to live in hotel rooms  —   plans to shift most of his spending to his Chase Sapphire Reserve. The card offers triple points on dining and travel spending, the two categories that consume nearly all of Mr. Schlappig’s budget. Chase defines “travel” fairly flexibly, and includes services like Airbnb and Uber. Sapphire Reserve customers have spent $1. 5 million already with those two companies, earning 4. 5 million points, Ms. Bonitatibus said. “It’s an incredible deal,” said Mr. Schlappig, who writes the blog One Mile at a Time. “The card is almost too good to be true. I think a lot of people are scared that some of the perks will be cut. ” Ms. Bonitatibus insists that Chase has no current plans to make changes, but the general trend with loyalty and points program is that card issuers are quick to ditch benefits that dig too deeply into their profits. Citi Prestige customers grumbled this year when the card dropped its free access to American Airlines’ Admirals Club lounges, a perk that had disappeared two years earlier from American Express’s Platinum card. With credit card companies adjusting the perk programs so often, the value of each issuers’ reward miles and points changes frequently, prompting some people to  . One travel blogger, The Points Guy, posts monthly calculations, down to the micropenny, of what he considers each card’s benefits to be worth. Perhaps as a sign of the strengthened economy, the major issuers say that demand for their premium cards is rising. The number of Citi Prestige cardholders increased sixfold in the last 18 months, according to a company spokeswoman, and American Express says that its Platinum card membership is “large, growing and loyal. ” Customers seem increasingly willing to consider shifting from free cards to ones with fees and better perks. Americans received 1. 2 billion   credit card solicitations in the second quarter of this year, according to research by Mintel Comperemedia. A record proportion of them, 19 percent, were for   rewards cards, up from 14 percent a year ago. “Around the recession, we saw promotional innovation in the   space,” said Andrew Davidson, a senior vice president of Mintel. “Now, I think we might start seeing more innovation around points and miles in the premium space. What this launch has done is shake things up a bit: American Express and Citi will be forced to   their cards’ value proposition. ” The premium cards’ gains may come at the expense of the more traditional airline, retail and hotel cards issued by banks. Around 43 percent of adult Americans had at least one affinity credit card last year, a sharp decrease from the 55 percent who carried one in 2009, according to research from Packaged Facts, which regularly surveys the market. “If you look at the behavior of millennials, it’s clear they’re not going to commit to a relationship with one credit card, or brand, the way their parents did,” said David Robertson, the publisher of The Nilson Report, which follows the credit card industry. He is even casting a critical eye on his own   card, an American Airlines card from Citi that carries a $450 annual fee. “I look at it now, and it’s just a question of, do I want to spend the time to think about the value proposition on an alternative?” Mr. Robertson said. “There’s much to be said about inertia. ”",0
15444,Russia's New MiG-29K Carrier-Based Fighter to Be Battle Tested in Syria - Andrei Akulov,"Citizen journalism with a punch Russia's New MiG-29K Carrier-Based Fighter to Be Battle Tested in Syria 
The Russian aircraft carrier Admiral Kuznetsov is on its way to Syria. It’ll be its first-ever combat deployment and the first battle test of its MiG-29K fighters Originally appeared at Strategic Culture Foundation 
The MiG-29K is all-weather ship-based multirole 4++ generation fighter aircraft developed by the Mikoyan design bureau . Along with the Su-33, the aircraft is now part of the mixed wing on the Admiral Kuznetsov, the Russian aircraft carrier sailing to deploy in the Mediterranean. The MiG-29 K/KUB version is a two-seated variant which also can be used as a training aircraft. 
The MiG-29K was originally built for the Indian Navy, according to a contract signed in 2004. India has purchased 45 of MiG-29s over the last decade to be based on aircraft carriers: Vikramaditya and the future INS Vikrant set to become India’s first indigenous carrier in 2018. India might yet increase its MiG-29K fleet. The Mediterranean deployment is the best chance to showcase the ship-based jet’s capabilities to potential clients. 
The aircraft is in service with the Russian Navy since 2010. At the end of 2015, the MiG aviation company fulfilled a government contract for the delivery of 24 fighters for the naval aviation to be delivered to the Navy before the end of the year. The Mig-29K will eventually replace the Su-33. 
The fighter looks like the land-based version of the MiG-29. In reality, this is a completely different aircraft with foreign electronics replaced by domestic versions, and the «friend or foe» identification system completely rebuilt. The modification is devised for rigors of deck operation. The MiG-29K has folding wings, reinforced landing gear and an arrestor hook for carrier operations. It can perform short take-offs and land at low speeds. 
The plane is able to attain very high angles of attack. It has upgraded pilot displays and radar-absorbent coatings to reduce its radar signature. The open architecture allows the installation of new equipment and weapons. The MiG-29K boasts composite materials and an integrated digital «fly-by-wire» system with multiple backups. It is designed to operate from unprepared airstrips with its air intakes specially protected against debris. 
The aircraft has a length of 17.3m, height of 4.4m and a wingspan of 11.9m. The maximum take-off weight is 24,500 kg. 
The weapons suite includes a 30 mm cannon with 100 rounds in the port wing root, RVV-AE and R-73E air-to-air missiles, Kh-25ML/25MP, Kh-29T, Kh-31G/31A, Kh-35U air-to-surface missiles . The Kh-31A is a supersonic anti-ship missile resistant to air-defence. The Mig-29K is the only platform to carry it. The short-range R-73 infrared-guided missile can be targeted and fired through a helmet-mounted sight without the plane being pointed at an enemy fighter. Other armaments include rockets and guided aerial bombs. Kh-31P passive radar seeker missiles are used as anti-radiation weapons. The plane can carry 6.5 tons of precision-guided munitions. 
According to the plans, the aircraft may test the new Kh-38M (X-38) missiles in Syria. The missile has folding wings and tail fins for internal carriage, and would have a variety of seeker heads for different variants. Depending on the variant, it can have laser, active radar, IR or satellite guidance. The weapon’s range is up to 40 km (21.6 nmi). The speed is Mach 2.2. It can be armed with HE fragmentation, cluster warhead, armor-piercing warhead weighing up to 250 kg (551 lb). The Kh-38 has a 5-meter (16-ft) circular error probability. 
The MiG-29K has two RD-33MKs turbofan engines to give it excellent acceleration and a top speed of Mach 2.25. Equipped with smokeless combustion chamber and new full authority digital engine control (FADEC) system they are engineered to reduce infrared signature and improve aircraft camouflage . With 4,560 kg of internal fuel, a combat radius is 850 km (531 mi). It can be increased to 1,300 kilometers with 3 underwing fuel drop tanks. 
The fighter can both conduct aerial refueling and «buddy» refuel other aircraft. 
The MiG-29K is equipped with three multifunctional color liquid-crystal displays a four-channel digital fly-by-wire flight control system, passive anti-radar missile homing system, Sigma-95 GPS receiver, TopGun helmet-mounted targeting system and electronic countermeasures (ECM). An onboard oxygen generating system eliminates the need for heavy oxygen canisters. The types of combat missions can be increased by adding optronic/infrared imaging reconnaissance pods. 
The avionic suite is based around the Zhuk-ME pulse Doppler radar. With a detection range of up to 120 km, the Zhuk-M radar is capable of terrain mapping and following. In the air targeting mode, the Zhuk-ME can track up to ten air targets while engaging four targets simultaneously. In air to surface mode the radar can detect a tank from up to 25 kilometres (16 mi) away and a bridge at the distance from 120 kilometres (75 mi) away, a naval destroyer could be detected up to 300 kilometres (190 mi) away, while up to two surface targets can be tracked at once. The radar has a scanning area of +/- 85 degrees in azimuth and +56/-40 in elevation. The fighter has multichannel infra-red search and track (IRST) system with target designation system. IR and laser sighting devices for ground targets illumination can also be installed. 
The MiG-29K boasts low radar cross section, advanced aerodynamics, electronic-warfare capabilities, standoff weapons and a melee of air-to-ground weapons to strike terrorist targets. 
A deployment of ship-based strike aircraft in the areas far away from the mainland is something only a first-rate world power can do. Russia showcases it’s a member of the club. The deployment will significantly beef up the strike capability of Russian forces deployed in Syria. The overall strengthening of the Navy in the Mediterranean supports the policy aimed at strengthening Russia’s foothold in the Middle East and North Africa.",0
15445,Report: Imam Arrested for Running Prostitution Network from Saudi Mosque,"An imam was arrested earlier this week in Saudi Arabia on charges of performing illicit sexual acts and operating a prostitution network from within a mosque, the Saudi media reported. [The imam, a Bangladeshi immigrant from the city of Afif, allegedly solicited Bangladeshi housekeepers to have sex with him inside his mosque and passed them on to another man for a fee  —   though it remains unclear whether these acts were performed inside the mosque’s four walls.  A video of his arrest, in which several women were seen inside the mosque, sent shockwaves across the kingdom’s mainstream and social media. It was also reported that the local branch of the Ministry of Religions appointed a special investigator. Many social media users cursed the imam and evidenced an   sentiment. “This is what happens when you give immigrants too much credit,” Amer Alshamry tweeted. @araaaTV @ngd64ukl0 هذي. نتيجة الثقه الزائده بالعماله الاجنبيه,  —   عامر الشمري (@Am1234ir) March 17, 2017,  Abdullah Alshami was reminded of another incident: “There was an Egyptian imam somewhere, who worked as a teacher, and after he stopped being a teacher because he sold his students advance copies of their exams, he started working as an imam and it emrged that he rented the women’s section in his mosque to single laborers. ” @eKtwary كان في امام مصري في السرة، بعد ما سرحوه من التدريس كان يبيع امتحانات، اشتغل امام، وتالي ياجر مصلى النساء سكن عزاب.  —   abdullah alshami (@bobjad) March 18, 2017,  “And he is a volunteer muezzin, what will we say about all the other Bangladeshi workers,” Yazan Alyazani wrote. “The truth is that a Bangladeshi will always remain a Bangladeshi, but as soon as he arrives in the Gulf he turns into garbage. ” هذا البنغالي مؤذن فقيه مطوعكيف بقية البنغاليينحقيقةيظل البنغالي بنغاليحتى يصل الخليج فيصبح زنغالي https:  .   —   يزن اليزني (@yazanyazani) March 18, 2017,  Nawwara failed to grasp “How is a muezzin and imam from Bangladesh? What about those who were appointed by the government nad receive housing and a salary?” @3fif_g @eagmgc وشلون مؤذن وإمام بنغاليوين اللي معينتهم الوزارة وماخذين عليه رواتب وبيوت,  —   nawwara🌟🌟2009🌟🌟 (@nawwara2009) March 17, 2017, ",0
15446,America’s Primal Scream: David Icke Explains Reason for Trump’s Election Result,"Latest Posts 21wire We are a North American and European-based, grass-roots, independent blog offering geopolitical news and media analysis, working with an array of volunteer contributors who write and help to analyse news and opinion from around the world. We're covering news you won't necessarily find in the mainstream, and things which regularly confuse career politicians, FOX and CNN watchers... #SundayWire RT @JeanetteJing : Shocked that the finger-jabbing rich lady didn't appeal to voters. https://t.co/FbZxOQ6G8Q - 5 hours ago",0
15447,Trump's Election Marks the End of Liberal Capitalism,"Here's something interesting from The Unz Review... Recipient Name Recipient Email => 
Even before Donald Trump’s election victory it was becoming clear that we are living in an age of disintegration. Nation states are returning to relationships based on rivalry and friction when the trend was meant to be in the opposite direction. The internal unity of country after country is under stress or has already broken down. Governments and universities used to set up institutions to study greater integration and cooperation, while in fact they might have been better looking at how things fall apart. 
The phenomenon is most obvious in the wider Middle East where there are at least seven wars and three insurgencies raging in the swathe of countries between Pakistan and Nigeria. But in Europe and the US, foreign and domestic antagonisms are also becoming deeper and more venomous. In this more rancorous political landscape, the election of Donald Trump as US President feels like part of a trend, toxic and dangerous but wide-ranging and unstoppable. Distinct though the political and economic situation in the US, Europe and the Middle East may be in many respects, there is the same dissatisfaction or rejection of the status quo without much idea of what should be put in its place. 
Political shocks like the election of Trump can produce apocalyptic forebodings that in retrospect turn out to be misplaced or exaggerated. But, in this case, grim expectations about the future may be all too justified and unlikely to evaporate. Trump’s promises of radical change may be phoney or opportunistic, but they have a momentum of their own which will be uncontrollable. 
For all his demagoguery, there was a sense that Trump was often nearer to the issues that concerned voters than Hillary Clinton. In the final election rallies of Trump in Michigan and Clinton in North Carolina, he was promising voters the return of factories and well-paid jobs while she was repeating kindergarten waffle such as “love trumps hate” and “build bridges not walls”. He will find it difficult to retreat from these pledges and this is bound to bring confrontation with other trading nations. Overall, the high days of liberal capitalism since the fall of the Soviet Union in 1991, which continued despite a battering from the financial crisis of 2008, are finally finished. 
It is an age not just of disintegration but of extremes, with proponents of the status quo either weakened or discredited, as shown by the Brexit vote in Britain. The beneficiaries are mostly on the right: from the 1980s on, the mainstream left in Britain, France and Germany abandoned socialism for liberal free market capitalism as the proven recipe for human happiness, which meant that after 2008 they had no alternative system to advocate and could no longer provide a credible vehicle for protest. The political beneficiaries of disillusionment with things as they are have almost invariably been on the right as with Trump who, along with other rightist insurgencies, can plug into resurgent loyalty to the nation state in the wake of discredited globalisation. 
There are similarities – so long as the analogies are not overstrained – between the forces behind the Arab Spring protests of 2011, the Brexit vote and Trump’s electoral victory today. In all cases, the ruling establishment was weaker and more unpopular than even the most critical observers had imagined: the triumphant protesters were astonished by the extent of their own success. More ominously, it swiftly emerged in the Middle East that the proponents of change had little idea what it should be and had relied wholly on demonisation of their opponents as the source of all evils. 
There is another parallel between what happened in the Arab world five years ago and events in the UK and the US this year. The old regimes were battered or discarded but there was nothing to replace them with. There is no consensus on what to do. Travelling to Britain from the Middle East, it is striking how the political, social and geographical divisions expressed by the Brexit vote have only deepened with time, whatever pretences there are to the contrary. Political commentators in the UK and US who endlessly proclaimed that, whatever the rhetoric, elections were won by those who seized the centre ground turned out to be wrong because there was not much centre ground to seize. 
These are not the only political shibboleths which should be discarded. Shocks like these usually provoke jeremiads from the “commentariat” about how all is chaos and the centre cannot hold. Such dire warnings are swiftly followed by more hopeful commentary about how things have not changed as radically or dangerously as first feared. But, unfortunately, in the case of the US election, the first gloom-filled predictions may be the most accurate. 
It is true that Trump’s authority will be thwarted by the division of powers laid down by the US constitution – though this is somewhat contradicted by Republican control of both Houses of Congress as well as the presidency. Presidential powers are also diluted by those of other state institutions such as the Pentagon and the Treasury. But these comforting thoughts are probably wishful thinking. The extent of the rejection of the American establishment – Democrats, Republicans, celebrities, media – by US voters underlines its weakness. The US media in particular is so much part of the political class that it had become an echo chamber in which it heard only its own views. 
Leaving aside these dangerous historical trends, there is another more immediate menace stemming from election of Trump in the US and the Brexit vote in Britain: it empowers and legitimises the crackpots and the cranks, those who want to roll back the verdict of past elections since the New Deal if not the Civil War. Those around Trump are not just the Team “B” of American politics but the Team “C” or even lower down the alphabet. They may not want to blow up the world but, out of sheer idiocy, they could do just that. 
I am writing this in the Iraqi Kurdish capital Irbil which is 60 miles from Mosul, where rival armies are fighting their way into Isis’s last great stronghold. Nobody expects this to be the end of the wars in Iraq and Syria or the multiple crises tearing the region apart. The experience is evidence of the fragility of states and how easily they can be capsized, not just by domestic divisions and foreign enemies but by avoidable political errors. With Donald Trump soon to be in the White House, it is difficult to avoid the feeling that the world has just become a lot more dangerous place. (Reprinted from The Independent by permission of author or representative)",0
15448,THE END GAME closes in on the Clintons as the deep state turns... massive collection of criminally damning evidence about to be revealed that will bring down the Clinton crime family forever,"THE END GAME closes in on the Clintons as the deep state turns... massive collection of criminally damning evidence about to be revealed that will bring down the Clinton crime family forever 
Wednesday, November 02, 2016 Tags: deep state , Clinton cartel , damning evidence (NaturalNews) My fellow Americans, we are watching history unfold before us with such sound and fury that we are likely to never witness comparable events again in our lifetime. As of today, I am now convinced that the deep state has turned on Hillary Clinton and will unveil damning evidence in the next few days that will end the Clintons' reign of terror over America and collapse her bid for the presidency.The mainstream media, of course, will never report this news for the simple reason that they are the propaganda arm of the criminal Clinton cartel. As such, they will lie to the public to the bitter end, even as the Clinton Titanic sinks with all of them on board (in deep, frigid waters, no less, with no more lifeboats to be found).The so-called ""deep state"" -- the powerful insiders who really run the intelligence services and inner layers of untouchable bureaucracy -- has decided Hillary Clinton is too damaged to defend any longer . Even if she were to win by stealing the election, she would be so mired in criminal investigations and political illegitimacy that she would rip the nation to shreds while fighting for her own political survival.It has now been decided, I believe, that Hillary Clinton will be taken out of power by releasing criminally damaging emails which have long been held by the NSA and FBI. This will likely happen before the coming weekend. Once that is accomplished, the next goal will be to wait for President Trump to take office, then destroy the U.S. economy through a controlled, global debt collapse so that Trump can be blamed for the near collapse of western economies. (Remember: The deep state isn't pro-Trump. They're still all about defending the establishment. But Hillary is one bridge too far for even the statists to stomach...)Instead of allowing Hillary Clinton to take power and destroy America from the top, in other words, deep state power brokers have reverted to ""Plan B"" which is to let Trump take the White House, then destroy America through the controlled demolition of its currency and economy. This is simpler than it sounds. Bringing down the debt pyramid of a nation carrying nearly $20 trillion in national debt isn't exactly rocket science. All they have to do is stand back and stop manipulating the markets and stop printing new money for a few months while raising interest rates. Monetary gravity will do the rest...In the mean time, Hillary Clinton and a long list of her co-conspirators are going to find themselves charged with obstruction of justice , lying under oath, destruction of evidence, conspiracy, corruption and other serious charges that will lead to serious prison time for many.The criminal racket of the Clintons is about to implode. The participants will be charged under the RICO Act for ""racketeering"" activities, for which ample evidence already exists. A new video from Steve Pieczenik describes some of this In this video, intelligence insider Steve Pieczenik lays out how high-level intelligence insiders are now working in concert to ""reverse the Clinton coup"" that's attempting to take over America and destroy it from within.Even if you don't believe Pieczenik -- and I fully realize he's controversial in his own way -- this short video is a very important ""must watch"" explanation to know what people in the intelligence community are doing... ""we've initiated a counter-coup..."" The Clintons are going to go ""full murder"" in a last ditch, desperate effort to save themselves Beware of what may yet unfold in the coming days. Like a cornered wild animal, the Clintons are extremely dangerous when they realize they have nothing to lose by going ""full murder"" in an attempt to save themselves.I will not be surprised the least bit if bodies of people in high places start piling up over the next week. Watch for news reports of mysterious car crashes, swimming pool accidents or ""natural"" deaths involving people like James Comey, who'd better have armed security personnel around him at all times.Look for desperate measures such as the Clintons attempting to blackmail Obama, Comey or anyone who they think might serve as leverage to save their own skins. We might also see desperate false flag attacks unfold in the next few days, although that's increasingly unlikely since it seems the Clintons are now on their own (they would need the assistance of Obama to pull off another Sandy Hook, you see). A deal has already been struck with Obama Most likely, deep state operatives have already struck a deal with Obama to avoid prosecuting him for his own serious crimes as long as he stays out of the way as Hillary Clinton's head is served up on a platter. This likely explains why Obama is now publicly saying he trusts Comey (and refuses to go to bat for Hillary). There's no love lost between Obama and the Clintons (remember 2008?).As all this is going down, the propaganda ministry of the Clinton regime -- CNN, NYT, Washington Post, etc. -- is going to explode into an all-out ""bat-s##t crazy"" conspiracy theory phase where they blame the Russians, extraterrestrials, Bigfoot and the Loch Ness Monster for everything that's imploding around the Clintons. Mainstream media news reports are going to increasingly sound like sociopathic babble from crazy people grasping at whatever outlandish theories they can invoke. Maybe crop circles were created by the Russians as a secret code to Wikileaks and Donald Trump, eh?Meanwhile, conspiratorial operatives like George Stephanopoulos fully realize they are probably going to jail for collusion and sedition , so they have nothing left to lose by desperately trying to put Hillary in the White House via any means at their disposal, including totally faking negative news against Donald Trump (which is, of course, the entire news mission of CNN at this point, a disgraced propaganda network run by anti-American traitors). If the vote is stolen for Hillary Clinton, all hell breaks loose Should the globalist Soros operators manage to steal the vote, bribe the electoral voters or rig the black box voting machines sufficiently to place Hillary Clinton in the White House, all Hell breaks loose across America :• The FBI goes into full indictment mode to push criminal charges for the Clinton criminal regime.• Donald Trump launches a massive legal challenge to the election outcome, dispatching an army of lawyers to level a vast assortment of charges involving coordinated voter fraud, the rigging of voting machines, the attempted bribery of Electoral voters and so on.• The U.S. military revs up its plans for an armed military coup to depose Clinton and restore democracy. This one should be especially entertaining to watch unfold if it gets activated... (and yes, YOU will beg for a short-term military dictatorship as long as they promise to depose Clinton and restore open, fair and free elections).• Armed U.S. citizens prepare for a massive march on Washington to take back their democracy and restore a lawful society where the political elite don't get away with corruption, fraud and murder. Expect this march to be joined by police officers and federal law enforcement officials of all kinds.• The NSA likely goes into ""full dump"" mode to unleash every scrap of damning criminal evidence against Hillary Clinton. This will likely be joined by CIA assets who already have the goods on the Clintons and their ""Lolita Express"" pedo joy rides.• Wikileaks, Anonymous and every former NSA analyst goes into ""destroy the Clintons"" mode and begins to hack and expose every last shred of email evidence ever possessed by the Clintons and anyone close to them. Anonymous alone has enough technical clout to accomplish this with little or no outside help. (I expect Kim Dotcom to be aiding this entire effort as well, as he rightly holds extreme hatred toward Hillary Clinton... as do we all, come to think of it.)• The establishment Republicans in the U.S. Congress will, as usual, meekly surrender to the democrats, pulls down their britches and bend over to prepare to take it in the rear because that's what they do best when the going gets tough. Totally useless politicrats like John McCain can't get their pants around their ankles quickly enough when democrats start accusing them of something. These useless heaps of human baggage will be tossed out of Washington as the revolution unfolds, replaced with individuals who actually honor the U.S. Constitution (like Rep. Louie Gohmert). I root for all groups working to save America and expose the criminal politicians Bring out the marshmallows and weiners, folks: This is going to be the most bizarre campfire front row seat to U.S. history that anyone has witnessed in over 200 years. Try not to trip and ""face plant"" into the flames as all this unfolds. It might be a smart idea to have some preparedness supplies at the ready, since no one really knows just how nasty this is all going to get. (And thank God Hillary doesn't have her fingers on the nuclear launch codes, or she'd probably launch them just to change the narrative...)As for me, I'm with anybody who's trying to save America , restore democracy and throw the establishment criminals in prison. Like almost everybody else, I've had enough of the lies, the corruption, the media deceptions and the incessant blood sucking parasites in Washington D.C. who are too arrogant and stupid to realize just how much they're universally despised. The revolution is ON. Anonymous, Wikileaks, Project Veritas, the FBI and the NSA have all been activated. There's no stopping them now, and all the details of all the crimes of the Clintons are about to spill onto the stage of history, dirty deeds and all.Be warned, you are probably not psychologically prepared for the truth about what the Clintons really are. You will probably vomit. Health Ranger Approved AquaTru Water Filter Back in Stock 
I've secured 500 units of the amazing AquaTru at $100 off for Natural News readers (while supplies last). 
Breakthrough filter removes nearly 100% of hundreds of contaminants. No plumbing needed. SHIPS TODAY .",0
15449,"Jo Cox, EgyptAir, Golden State Warriors: Your Thursday Evening Briefing - The New York Times","(Want to get this briefing by email? Here’s the  .) Good evening. Here’s the latest. 1. The focus in Orlando was on comforting the bereaved. President Obama met with families of the scores of people killed and injured in the attack on a gay club early Sunday. “Their grief is beyond description,” Mr. Obama said after he and Vice President Joe Biden met privately with mourners for two hours. _____ 2. A new analysis of federal data shows that gay, lesbian, bisexual and transgender people are the most frequent targets of hate crimes in the U. S. That was true even before the attack in Orlando. One analyst suggested that, as society becomes more tolerant of L. G. B. T. people, some opponents become more radical. _____ 3. A   Democratic filibuster led by Senator Christopher Murphy of Connecticut, above, forced the Senate majority leader, Mitch McConnell, to allow a vote on two   amendments in coming days. But our congressional correspondent writes that, given   politics, neither is likely to pass. _____ 4. British campaigning over the   Brexit vote next week was halted after a rising member of Parliament was killed in her district of northern England. Jo Cox, 41, was wrapping up a meeting with constituents at a library near Leeds when she was stabbed and shot, a rarity in a country where guns are tightly controlled. A    man was arrested, but the authorities did not immediately comment on a motive. _____ 5. Donald J. Trump’s campaign is so focused on   for the general election that his appearances are being mostly kept to southern, heavily Republican states where he is already popular. That puts him at a disadvantage in battleground states, where Hillary Clinton has been campaigning vigorously. In a sign that a small, but growing, crowd in the financial world is warming up to the idea of backing Mr. Trump, a who’s who of financiers will host a   for the candidate on Tuesday at an undisclosed location in New York City. _____ 6. Senator Bernie Sanders spoke to his supporters via videoconference. He didn’t drop out of the race or endorse Mrs. Clinton, choosing instead to deliver a shortened version of his stump speech. Mr. Sanders pledged to make certain that Mr. Trump is defeated but added that defeating him cannot be the only goal. _____ 7. It was a busy day in sports. The the United States men’s national soccer team, above, beat Ecuador,   advancing to the semifinals of Copa América. LeBron James scored 41 points, leading the Cleveland Cavaliers in a rout of the Golden State Warriors,   and sending the N. B. A. finals to a decisive Game 7. And rain halted play at the U. S. Open as Jordan Spieth began defending his title. This year, the golf tournament is at Oakmont, in Pennsylvania, one of the toughest courses in North America. _____ 8. Microsoft became the first major U. S. corporation to plan a role in the burgeoning marijuana industry, announcing a project to create   software. The announcement of the new   offering came just days after Microsoft signaled its intent to diversify with a $26. 2 billion deal to buy LinkedIn. _____ 9.   Miranda, the creator and star of “Hamilton,” confirmed that he would leave the Broadway blockbuster on July 9 (and get a haircut). Among his more immediate projects: working on a Disney film and preparing for a   sequel to “Mary Poppins,” with Emily Blunt. He said he would rejoin “Hamilton” or its touring arms from time to time. “This is a role I am going to be going back to again and again,” he said. _____ 10. Gone from Lake Wobegon: Garrison Keillor hosts his final official “Prairie Home Companion” on July 1. One of our   stories today looks at how he flourished on the radio show for four decades, known for a garrulous persona that is, in fact, a far cry from his introverted own. “His gaze is often floating and takes you in from a strange distance,” the writer Roger Angell said. “He is certainly the strangest person I know. ” Above, Mr. Keillor in the 1970s. _____ 11. Investigators recovered the cockpit voice recorder from EgyptAir Flight 804 after locating wreckage on the Mediterranean floor. The recorder was in “a damaged state,” an official said, but may still be able to provide valuable clues as to why the Airbus 320 veered off course a month ago and plunged into the sea, killing all 66 aboard. Above, a diving robot at work. _____ 12. Finally, Orlando got an infusion of unconditional love from specially trained experts. Lutheran Church Charities sent 12 golden retrievers from its   Comfort Dogs team to make the rounds of hospitals, churches and vigils. “We’ve had a lot of people here that start petting the dog, and they break out crying,” a charity official said. _____ Your Evening Briefing is posted at 6 p. m. Eastern. And don’t miss Your Morning Briefing, posted weekdays at 6 a. m. Eastern, and Your Weekend Briefing, posted at 6 a. m. Sundays. Want to look back? Here’s last night’s briefing. What did you like? What do you want to see here? Let us know at briefing@nytimes. com.",0
15450,La Cruzada Albigense amenaza el cetro Cristiano (Ronaldo),"La Cruzada Albigense amenaza el cetro Cristiano (Ronaldo) RESUMEN DE LA JORNADA 11 DE LA LIGA SANTANDER 2016-2017 Resumen de la jornada Sevilla 1-2 Barcelona 
Un Leo Messi deslumbrante, prodigioso, quimérico, enajenado, mirífico, sobrehumano, preternatural, mágico y defraudador de Hacienda llevó a su equipo lideradamente a la victoria. Su tanto y el tanto de Luis Suárez dieron, por tanto, la vuelta al tanto de Vitolo, lo que les permite seguir a dos puntos del albino líder de la clasificación. Real Madrid 3-0 Leganés 
Con Ronaldo desaparecido fue el galésico Bale quien se echó el equipo a la espalda. Con sus diez compañeros subidos a caballito encima de él, el galileico fue capaz de hacer dos goles. Morata, desde la chepa del galileo, cerró el marcador ante un Leganés impotente que acabó pidiendo la Viagra. Villarreal 2-0 Real Betis 
Los astados llegaron al Madrigal, plaza difícil, con casta y empuje. Faenas de estética hueca pero efectiva de Trigueros (una oreja) y Roberto Soriano (oreja y vuelta al ruedo). Celta 2-1 Valencia 
Se adelantó el Valencia gracias a un penalti. Parejo fue el encargado en transformar la pena máxima en gol, lo que dejó caras de sorpresa en los celtipetas, que empezaron a llamar a Parejo “El Druida” o “El hombre que transforma cosas en gol” y a tratarlo como una especie de semidiós de la cultura galaica. Superaron el estupor con dos goles que finalmente permitieron a los celtiñas llevarse la victoria y el corazón aún palpitante de Parejo. Espanyol 0-0 Athletic 
Espanyol y Athletic terminaron firmando el armisticio en el campo de Cornellá tras un partido muy disputado: sorprendieron los vascos al situar el regimiento de Húsares cerca de la portería rival. Los cañones españolistas no tardaron en responder con varias andanadas pero sin dejar grandes ocasiones claras. Ya en la segunda mitad, la infantería de los partidarios de Isabel II y la Reina Regente pusieron en serios aprietos a las tropas Carlistas, pero sin obtener el resultado esperado. A destacar la actuación de Espartero. Las Palmas 1-0 Eibar 
Jonathan Viera logró el tanto de la victoria para Las Palmas al límite del tiempo aunque en realidad fue en el minuto 94 de partido porque el último minuto fue el 90 y ahí no había marcado gol, con lo que en propiedad estaba fuera del tiempo pero, si nos abstraemos de términos físicos, podemos llegar a la conclusión de que nuestra forma de considerar el tiempo está ligada al modo en el que pensamos porque, al fin y al cabo, nosotros no vemos realmente el paso del tiempo sino que, simplemente, sufrimos una serie de experiencias distintas de las que tenemos almacenadas en nuestros recuerdos y es esta diferencia lo que nuestra mente consciente percibe como tiempo. Importante victoria de los palmípedos. Osasuna 0-1 Alavés 
Lucha de santos en el Sadar: por un lado, el nuevo fichaje del Alavés, Christian Santos, y por otro el delantero pamplonica, San Fermín. Mayor fortuna tuvo el alavita que marcó un gol con el aura, tanto que daba la vitoria a los de Victoria. Real Sociedad 2-0 Atlético de Madrid 
El Atlético de Madrid llegó a Anoeta con más ilusión que otra cosa; ilusión que se vio desbordada por la dura realidad (dos penaltis). La actitud de los realistas fue demasiado para los de Simeone, que se encontraron con un realismo sucio, complejo, enfangante, que les dejó postrados en un estado de total impotencia. Granada 1-1 Deportivo 
“Todo va bien, la vida te sonríe, crees que nada puede hacerte daño… hasta que el inútil de tu portero se mete un gol en propia meta. Oh, hados… oh, Fortuna… oh, portero”. (Gaizca Garitano, entrenador del Deportivo). Málaga 3-2 Sporting 
Lo más destacado del encuentro fue descubrir que en el equipo asturiano juega un señor que se apellida Cop. Cop significa “policía” en inglés -de ahí la película Robocop (Robot Policía o Polirobot, porque en realidad “cop” se traduciría más bien como “poli”)- pero Cop, el jugador, es de nacionalidad croata y a estas horas la redacción de El Mundo Today aún no ha logrado averiguar qué significa “Cop” en dicha lengua, aunque sí se sabe que, en catalán, “cop” significa golpe. Seguiremos informando.",0
15451,"CIA and FBI agents ""urgently withdrawn"" from Ukraine","CIA and FBI agents ""urgently withdrawn"" from Ukraine November 16, 2016 - Fort Russ News - PolitNavigator - translated by J. Arnoldski - American intelligence officers stationed at the General Prosecutor and SBU buildings in Kiev have urgently left Ukraine. This was reported by former Verkhovna Rada deputy Igor Markov live on the Russian debate-show “The Meeting Place.” According to Markov, this is evidence that the US is “slyly withdrawing” from Ukraine. “A week ago, all the FBI representatives based at the General Prosecutor and the CIA officers stationed in the SBU were urgently redeployed to Romania and Czech Republic. For security forces, this is a clear signal that the US is slyly withdrawing from Ukraine. Only analysts remain, all operative agents have left,” Markov stated. Follow us on Facebook!",0
15452,The Bundy Verdict is Another Defeat for Obama,"The Bundy Verdict is Another Defeat for Obama October 28, 2016 Daniel Greenfield 
Obama Inc. has a lot more luck with the media than it does with trials. Its lynchings of police officers have not gotten very far. Baltimore was the biggest and most resounding defeat. But it wasn't the only one. And the vastly differing treatment of the Bundy protesters and the Dakota pipeline protesters, from killing to government backing, have not had their intended effect. 
Instead Obama lost at trial. Again. 
This time it's the Bundy case. That was when the left realized it hated civil disobedience, just before rediscovering it again when it came to environmental protests. But big gov lost this one . Again. 
A jury Thursday delivered a stunning across-the-board acquittal to the leaders and participants in the Malheur National Wildlife Refuge occupation and a remarkable blow to the federal government as it tries to tamp down a national movement led by a Nevada family to open public lands to ranchers, miners and loggers. 
The verdicts finding Ammon Bundy, older brother Ryan Bundy and five others not guilty of a federal conspiracy drew elation from defense attorneys who spent five weeks arguing that the armed takeover amounted to a time-honored tradition of First Amendment protest and civil disobedience. 
The high-profile case riveted the state and drew national and international attention to the isolated bird sanctuary in rural eastern Oregon. The jury's decision proved no less dramatic and sets up a showdown in the next stage of the land-rights movement. 
It means that Big Green Gov will have to think twice next time around. Or do a much better job of picking a jury. 
The Oregon prosecutors sat silently in front of their boss, U.S Attorney Billy Williams, and the head of the FBI in Oregon, Greg Bretzing, as the judge announced the ""not guilty'' pleas one by one. 
But it was quickly back to more of the same. 
ut the trial fireworks weren't quite over. A brawl broke out at the very end, when six to seven U.S. marshals surrounded Ammon Bundy's lawyer as he stood before the judge, arguing and shouting for his client to walk out the door a free man. They tackled him and stunned him with a Taser gun. As Mumford yelled, ""What are you doing?,'' U.S. District Judge Anna J. Brown ordered, ""Everybody out of the courtroom!'' 
""All I was asking for was papers,'' Mumford said after emerging from federal custody nearly two hours later. ""Just show me you have the authority to take Mr. Bundy into custody.''",0
15453,Headed to Miami? Here’s What You Need to Know About Zika - The New York Times,"The Centers for Disease Control and Prevention is suggesting that pregnant women and their partners postpone trips to   County after five people, three of them tourists, were diagnosed with Zika that was transmitted from mosquitos in Miami Beach, the second reported area in the United States where transmissions have occurred. At least fourteen people have contracted the virus from mosquitoes in Miami’s Wynwood area, prompting the C. D. C to issue its first call for pregnant women to steer clear of a section in Miami. Here is what travelers need to know if they are in Miami or plan to travel there. Is it safe to travel to Miami? In general, yes, said Dr. Stephen Morse, an epidemiology professor at the Columbia University Mailman School of Public Health, although pregnant women or women who wish to become pregnant in the near future may want to avoid visiting. “Miami is definitely a city in a subtropical climate, and it has plenty of mosquitoes   so there is always a chance of getting bitten,” he said. Will airlines let you change or cancel your flight? Some carriers will. Delta Air Lines has been dealing with customers who want to make changes or cancel their reservations on flights to areas affected by Zika since February, said Morgan Durrant, a spokesman. “Refunds are and have been available,” he said in an email. “Customers are asked to call and speak to a Delta reservation sales specialist to discuss. ” JetBlue is also working with travelers scheduled to fly to Miami. The airline’s policy states: “Customers traveling   destinations reported by the C. D. C. to be affected by the Zika virus may qualify for a refund or the option to make changes to their current travel plans to alternate destinations or travel dates. ” And American Airlines, which had held out, is softening its language surrounding ticket changes. “If a customer is concerned about traveling to Miami due to Zika, they are encouraged to contact our reservations team to discuss what options may be available, Ross Feinstein, the carrier’s spokesman, said on Friday. Yet he added that the carrier had not changed the policy in effect after the Wynwood cases, which was to not offer refunds. When those cases were diagnosed, Mr. Feinstein said, “The C. D. C. is not telling people not to travel to Miami. They are saying that pregnant women should avoid the Wynwood area of Miami so we don’t see the need to offer refunds. ” On Friday he noted: “Miami Beach is not all of Miami. ” Will hotels let you cancel your stay if you paid a   rate?  Right now, it’s too soon to say. Hotels don’t seem to have implemented formal cancellation policies yet. Are hotels in Miami taking any precautions to protect their guests from contracting Zika?  Some hotels have ramped up their pest control in the last few weeks and are placing bottles of mosquito repellent in key areas throughout their properties, such as at their pools, for guests to use. Acqualina Resort  Spa on the Beach, a luxury Miami Beach property in Sunny Isles, increased its mosquito protection when Zika hit the Caribbean earlier this year, said Deborah Yager Fleming, its chief executive. “Currently, we have an active, weekly mosquito elimination program in place and have added   mosquito repellents for guests’ use,” she said. Mandarin Oriental, Miami has implemented additional health and safety standards since Zika hit Miami, according to Alexandra Wensley, a spokeswoman. Also, the hotel is providing guests with mosquito spray at its Peruvian restaurant, La Mar, which has outdoor terraces, as well as at its poolside cafe. Will there be deals out there for travelers who want to visit Miami? The first C. D. C. advisory, about Wynwood, seems to have had little impact on price. Data from STR, a Hendersonville, Tenn.  analytics company specializing in hotels, shows that a year ago, the average room rate per night at a hotel in the city was a $150 today it’s also $150. But data from Expedia. com suggests that hotels are offering savings on packages, a strong indicator that hotels are giving great discounts, according to its spokeswoman, Sarah Gavin. On Expedia. com, travelers can save 17 percent more on a package since August than they could on package savings June through July also, travelers can save 27 percent more on packages this August versus last summer. So while there are not necessarily deals, perhaps rates are holding steady when they would otherwise increase. Has hotel occupancy decreased in Miami since Zika was first reported in the city in July? Only marginally, but it’s not because of Zika, said Jan Freitag, a senior vice president at STR. According to STR’s data, for the week ending Aug. 13, hotel occupancy in Miami  —   a city with around 53, 000 hotel rooms  —   was down 3. 6 percent to 76 percent, compared to the same week last year. But there are more hotel rooms in the city than there were a year ago so the decline was likely caused by increased inventory rather than a drop in travelers. “Zika has, thus far, not impacted travel to Miami,” he said. In other words, don’t expect a quieter stay. What can we do to minimize the chance of contracting Zika? The single best way to protect yourself is to use mosquito repellent. Each brand has different directions for frequency of application, but Dr. Ian Lipkin, an epidemiology professor at the Columbia University Mailman School of Public Health, recommended doubling that use. If your bottle suggests reapplying every four hours, for example, you should reapply every two hours. “If you’re outside in a warm climate, the repellent will evaporate faster because you’re likely perspiring,” he said. Also, if you’re in a room that doesn’t have   he says that using a window, standing or table fan keeps mosquitoes at bay because the insects don’t have wings strong enough to fly against the current of the fan. What should you do if you’re in Miami and have been bitten by a mosquito? Don’t panic, Dr. Morse said. “There is such a low probability that the mosquito is carrying the virus,” he said. “It’s highly unlikely, at this time, that you’re going get Zika. ” How would you know if you’ve contracted Zika? You may have a rash, mild flulike symptoms, a fever, a headache or severe joint pain. These usually appear within a week or 10 days of having been bitten by a mosquito carrying the virus. Only about 20 percent of people infected with the Zika virus become ill, according to the C. D. C.",0
15454,America having a ‘bad hair’ day,"Posted: Nov 9th, 2016 by Guest Click for more article by Guest .. More Stories about: Ticker",0
15455,College warns against ‘deplorable and problematic’ costumes,"College Reform October 27, 2016 
Grinnell College is promoting a guide to help students avoid “cultural appropriation” this Halloween, warning that some costumes could be considered “deplorable and problematic.” 
The guide provides several examples of costumes that might fit the definition of “cultural appropriation,” defining the term as “the act of displaying people’s cultures in a disrespectful or condescending manner.” 
The guide, called “My Identity, Not Your Costume,” goes on to list several examples of “offensive” Halloween costumes, featuring pictures of Grinnell students holding photos of costumes that would be considered disrespectful towards their culture. 
In one instance, the guide shows a picture of a burly white man dressed in lingerie with a sash proclaiming “Call me Caitlyn,” referring to Caitlyn Jenner. The photo is held by a Grinnell student wearing a “National Coming Out Day” pin, and includes a caption stating, “the misrepresentation of my identity bothers me because people categorize me by my looks and may not understand my culture.” 
Another example of culturally appropriated Halloween costumes, according to the guide, is “using other cultures as accessories to appear more hip/interesting without adequate understanding or permission,” one example of which is a picture of someone dressed as a Hindu deity being held by an Indian student and the message that such costumes are “deplorable and problematic.” 
It then warns students that if their costumes take “defining characteristics of another culture” without “permission, or understanding of the historical background behind the said culture,” then these costumes might be too offensive to wear. 
The guide then concludes with two questions the school thinks students should consider before selecting a Halloween costume, asking, “Does your costume perpetuate stereotypes or inaccurately portray my culture as a joke?” as well as “Why would I find your ‘Halloween costume’ to be offensive?” 
Campus Reform reached out to Grinnell for a comment on the matter but did not receive a response in time for publication. This article was posted: Thursday, October 27, 2016 at 5:53 am Share this article",0
15456,I dare you to restrain yourself from laughing at Trump and Hillary in a stronger hot show,"I dare you to restrain yourself from laughing at Trump and Hillary in a stronger hot show # akajsaid 1 
off court okay a woman of the people that's what you're a man of the people who don't like carbon i was living in the white boy tell you what professional wrestling skin like a Russian drive safe russian and get there you going back with any probably couldn't find me you don't the job drunk think that decade not quite y'all just American side ... Tags",0
15457,Denver sued by homeless over 'sweeps' as vagrant camps return,"Denver sued by homeless over 'sweeps' as vagrant camps return Published time: 27 Oct, 2016 01:02 Get short URL © Tami Chappell / Reuters Denver seems to be losing its battle with homelessness, as sporadic camps reportedly resurfaced after a major clean-up in March. On top of that, the city is battling through a lawsuit from homeless people claiming they were subjected to unlawful “sweeps.” 
“Since the beginning of the summer it seems like there are more people on the streets and sidewalks,” a local woman, Stephanie Mills, told KCNC. “It just seems to be getting worse and worse as the weeks go by.” Read more Church faces daily $100 fine for housing homeless on its lot, battles with neighbors 
It has been half-a-year since Denver started its crackdown on numerous homeless campsites. Citing health concerns, city officials started clearing out camps that blocked public sidewalks. However, the order did not last long. 
According to KCNC, the city receives complaints about homeless camps daily, but it cannot do anything to fix the problem. 
“We’ll get calls from people who have one homeless person and they want us to ‘Beam them up, Scotty,’” Bennie Milliner, executive director of Denver’s Road Home, told the news channel. 
According to Milliner, Denver has enough shelters to accommodate its homeless population, but not everyone wants to go there. Instead, many are willing to remain on the street, especially downtown. 
Those sleeping rough are not willing to give up easily. They have high hopes of winning a class-action lawsuit filed in August, challenging the city’s so-called “homeless sweeps.” This month, the case made it to a federal court. 
“These ongoing sweeps are conducted without notice or with inadequate notice and in a manner that prevents Plaintiffs and Plaintiff Class from retrieving their property,” the lawsuit reads, stating that the way the sweeps are conducted “shock[s] the consciences.” 
“It is difficult to imagine what it must feel like to be already homeless and suffering, then be forced to watch as everything you own in the world is thrown into a dump truck while you are afforded no means to contest the seizure and destruction of your property,” a defense team representing the homeless wrote. Lawsuit Challenges Denver’s Sweeps Of The Homeless https://t.co/HrMa6dVlSY pic.twitter.com/A2SdfwddeE — CBSDenver (@CBSDenver) October 26, 2016 
They argue that Denver has no legal basis for treating “this vulnerable class as though their civil rights were non-existent.” 
The lawsuit, which speaks on behalf of thousands of homeless people, also names a number of individual officials, including Mayor Michael Hancock and Police Chief Robert White as main violators. Attorney representing homeless class action suit, addresses media b4 1st hearing at 9am & Denver homeless gather 2 voice concern @CBSDenver pic.twitter.com/UZivcRLPLv — Jamie Leary (@JamieALeary) October 12, 2016 
It will be up to the court to decide whether Hancock, White, and other city officials have violated any rights during more than two years of clearings. 
Approximately 5,500 of Denver’s residents are homeless, according to the Metro Denver Homeless Initiative, the lawsuit states.",0
15458,DAMNING Clinton Footage Leaks DAYS Before Election – SEE IT BEFORE IT'S DELETED,"Comments 
Throughout this election, Hillary Clinton has been claiming to be a “warrior for women” who will do everything in her power to help victims of sexual assault. That’s why it came as bad news to her when the video above this story surfaced… 
Infowars reported that the video shows child rape victim Kathy Shelton explain how Clinton allowed her rapist to go free when she was his defense lawyer, even thought she knew he was guilty. Afterwards, Clinton was caught on a recording laughing about the fact that she’d just knowingly set a child rapist free. 
“He took a lie detector test,” Clinton said on the recording, according to The American Thinker. “I had him take a polygraph, which he passed, which forever destroyed my faith in polygraphs (laughs).” 
SHARE this story so we can spread Shelton’s story and let people see who Hillary Clinton REALLY is! ",0
15459,Review: ‘Hairspray Live!’ Had Power Voices but Still Lacked Power - The New York Times,"For “Hairspray Live!” on Wednesday night, NBC lassoed some talented performers with fine singing voices but sacrificed cohesion by cramming the evening with too much interstitial fluff. Based on the 1988 John Waters film, the musical’s story of social outcasts and racial barriers is set in 1962, and it should amaze and distress us with its continued relevance in 2016. The broadcast, though, didn’t generate as much power as it could have because of all the shots of the cast members   from one set to another, of viewing parties in various cities and so on. Only Jennifer Hudson, who played Motormouth Maybelle, found the real strength of this Tony   musical, delivering a knockout rendition of “I Know Where I’ve Been,” a   power number, late in the show. [Related: After 7 TV Musicals in 3 Years, Here’s What Works] The production, directed by Kenny Leon, was the fourth installment of what has become a December tradition for NBC. (“The Sound of Music,” “Peter Pan” and “The Wiz” preceded it.) Maddie Baillio, a newcomer selected from an open casting call, played Tracy Turnblad, the plump teenager who becomes a   sensation and helps bring down racial divides. She did pretty well, though no novice is going to compete with voices like those of Ms. Hudson and Kristin Chenoweth, who portrayed Velma Von Tussle, the Turnblad family’s nemesis. Harvey Fierstein growled his way through the role of Tracy’s mother, Edna, which he played on Broadway. He’s probably more entertaining in a theater than he proved to be over the air John Travolta, in the 2007 film version of the musical, made better use of the   the TV cameras make possible. The secondary players included Martin Short as Edna’s husband, Ariana Grande as Tracy’s friend Penny and Andrea Martin as Penny’s overly protective mother. The standout in the supporting cast, though, was Ephraim Sykes, a veteran of Broadway’s “Hamilton,” who put an athletic charge into the role of Seaweed, Penny’s love interest. It’s too bad he wasn’t around more. Mr. Leon moved his cast all over the place, both on studio sets and outdoors, a technique that is becoming the norm for these   show hybrids. He made especially good use of the medium on a number early in the show, “Mama, I’m a Big Girl Now,” mixing   moments with traditional stagecraft. The ancillary nonsense, though, sapped the momentum of the show, which ran three hours and somehow still didn’t have room for “The New Girl in Town,” a smart, punchy number from the film version. Happily, though, it did fit in another song from the movie, “Ladies’ Choice,” albeit giving it to Corny Collins (Derek Hough) rather than Link Larkin (Garrett Clayton). All in all, it wasn’t an unpleasant revisiting of a great musical it just wasn’t a particularly coherent or revelatory one. Now someone just needs to mount a Broadway revival and cast Ms. Hudson in it.",0
15460,Eating a Vagina cures Cancer according to Cancer Treatment Studies,"The professionals have actually been making use of a lot of their time looking for brand-new option to the issues that the culture is dealing with now. Particularly when it involves illness. They are continuously looking for brand-new manner ins which could be reliable as well as effective for all individuals.


Did you know that eating a female’s personal body organ could conserve you from deadly conditions such as cancer cells and also cardiovascular disease? 

Baseding on the research study that was made in the State College of New york city, one of the most vital dish that a guy need to take is consuming a vaginal area. 

The bodily hormones such as the DHEA Hormonal agents as well as Oxytocin are being generated whenever cunnilingus takes place. These hormonal agents can protecting against cancer cells to a person.
This act does not just please the urges of males and female however additionally assists enhance the health and wellness problem of a person. It is a means of taking pleasure in the satisfaction while having health and wellness advantages. 

So the following time that you question concerning decreasing on a female, make certain to maintain every one of these points in your mind. This is not just for your safety and security however likewise for the satisfaction of your body.

SOURCE ",0
15461,The U.S. Revolution is Underway - Hillary Clinton's Coup Has Been STOPPED,"The U.S. Revolution is Underway - Hillary Clinton's Coup Has Been STOPPED # Omega_Archive 3 
Steve Pieczenik, served with several U.S. administrations as a psychological profiler and in evaluations of Federal officials for the US government. He describes the coup and 'soft' counter coup, which have just taken place within the United States federal government. Several agencies, including the FBI and New York City police, participated. 
Pieczenik may be best known to the public, as a real-life basis for the ""Jack Ryan"" character in the famous and eerily prophetic Tom Clancy military action movies. 
The films released today (including this one), are the first public appearance Pieczenik has made in decades - though his narratives of behind-the-scenes events in government have been heard by millions. Tags",0
15462,Clinton campaign urges FBI to detail new developments in email case,"By Reuters   6:34 pm Democrat Hillary Clinton's top aides on Saturday lashed out at FBI Director James Comey for igniting a new controversy over a long-running private email investigation less than two weeks before the presidential election, saying there was no evidence of wrongdoing and accusing him of spreading ""innuendo.""   
By Roberta Rampton and Steve Holland 
DAYTONA BEACH, Fla./GOLDEN, Colo. (Reuters) – Democrat Hillary Clinton’s top aides on Saturday lashed out at FBI Director James Comey for igniting a new controversy over a long-running private email investigation less than two weeks before the presidential election, saying there was no evidence of wrongdoing and accusing him of spreading “innuendo.” 
Comey, who has headed the Federal Bureau of Investigation since 2013, notified the U.S. Congress on Friday that the agency is again reviewing emails, even though in July it decided not to seek prosecution of Clinton for her handling of classified materials on a private email server while she was secretary of state. 
John Podesta, who heads Clinton’s presidential campaign, told reporters that Comey’s letter to Congress was “light on facts, heavy on innuendo,” and he urged Comey to “come forward and give those answers to the American public” about the exact nature of the FBI’s latest review of emails. 
Sources close to the investigation on Friday said the latest emails were discovered as part of a separate probe into Anthony Weiner, the estranged husband of top Clinton aide Huma Abedin. 
Weiner, a former U.S. congressman from New York, is the target of an FBI investigation into illicit text messages he is alleged to have sent to a 15-year-old girl in North Carolina. 
With the Nov. 8 elections quickly approaching, Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump pounded away at the new FBI development, devoting a large part of a campaign speech in Golden, Colorado, to attacking Clinton and arguing that she is not to be trusted with the presidency. 
“Her criminal action was willful, deliberate, intentional and purposeful,” Trump said, standing in front of hay bales stacked in a horse barn. “Hillary set up an illegal server for the obvious purpose of shielding her illegal actions from public disclosure and exposure.” 
Comey, however, has not provided any details on whether the emails now under review are being seen for the first time by the FBI or the nature of their contents. 
Clinton’s campaign tried to play down the new review. “There’s no evidence of wrongdoing, no charge of wrongdoing,” Podesta said, in the FBI’s latest announcement that it was taking “appropriate investigative steps” after learning of emails “that appear to be pertinent” to the earlier probe. 
Clinton campaign manager Robby Mook, trying to tamp down speculation of a voter backlash this late in the campaign, said Americans had already “factored” what they knew about the email investigation into how they would cast their ballots. 
“We don’t see it changing the landscape” for undecided voters, Mook said. 
Clinton aides also said this latest controversy has further energized her supporters. 
Clinton was campaigning in Florida on Saturday, a battleground state that many analysts say Trump must win in order to have any chance of being elected. 
In recent weeks, Trump has been running behind Clinton in most public opinion polls. 
Justice Department officials, according to a source who asked not to be identified, were opposed to the FBI director’s letter being sent to Congress and believe his actions conflict with a Justice Department memo outlining instructions that agencies should not to act in ways that could influence elections. 
While Attorney General Loretta Lynch did not discuss the matter directly with Comey, the source said aides were in touch with each other. 
Comey let it be known he felt he had to send the letter as a follow-up to his congressional testimony earlier this year regarding the FBI’s probe of Clinton’s emails, the source said. 
Meanwhile, Clinton supporters rallied to her defense following Friday’s FBI disclosure. 
The Congressional Black Caucus, comprised of about 45 members of the House of Representatives, nearly all Democrats, held a news conference in Columbus, Ohio, and urged Comey to release more details. 
(Reporting by Steve Holland in Golden, Colorado, ans Roberta Rampton in Daytona Beach, Florida; Additional reporting by Mark Hosenball in Washington; Writing by Richard Cowan; Editing by James Dalgleish and Leslie Adlerand Leslie Adler) 
Clinton campaign urges FBI to detail new developments in email case added by Reuters on Sat, Oct 29th, 2016",0
15463,Europe Mounts Historic Challenge to Google’s Domination of Tech Services,"Europe Mounts Historic Challenge to Google’s Domination of Tech Services Posted on Oct 31, 2016 Jon Russell / (CC BY-SA 2.0) 
The European Commission has slapped Google with three sets of monopoly charges , starting a fight that could cost the company up to 10 percent of its annual revenue and show American firms that “there’s a bazooka in Europe that can be shot at companies” that seek to obtain dominant market positions. 
The New York Times’ DealBook reports: 
The cases relate to Android, Google’s mobile operating system, some of its dominant online search services and some of its advertising products. 
While each response will be couched in legalese, Google’s main argument is that its business practices do not fall afoul of the region’s tough antitrust rules and that competitors can freely offer their own rival digital services to Europe’s more than 500 million consumers. 
“Our search engine is designed to provide the most relevant results and most useful ads for any query,” Kent Walker, Google’s general counsel, wrote in a blog post when previously rebutting some of Europe’s antitrust charges. “Users and advertisers benefit when we do this well. So does Google.” 
The company’s detractors—including small European start-ups, some local politicians and significant American firms like Oracle—disagree with Google’s optimistic outlook. 
“Google has taken its best shot, but the European Commission has decided that it’s still on the right track,” said Thomas Vinje, a lawyer for FairSearch Europe, which represents those of Google’s rivals that filed complaints against the company’s perceived dominance. 
“I don’t doubt Google feels like it has a strong defense. But that’s what other previously dominant companies thought, too,” he added. 
DealBook continues: 
Whatever happens, Google’s battle in Europe will not end overnight. 
European officials must first review the company’s rebuttals, and a final decision in any of the cases is not expected until midway through 2017, at the earliest. 
If found to have breached the region’s rules, Google faces fines totaling up to $7.5 billion, or 10 percent of its annual revenue, and may be forced to change how it operates in the 28-member bloc. While any antitrust fine is not expected to reach the maximum possible, the company is likely to appeal any European ruling, further lengthening the process. 
Yet it is this death-by-a-thousand-cuts regulatory limbo that arguably represents the biggest headache for Google.",0
15464,House May Have to Vote Again on American Health Care Act - Breitbart,"House Republicans may have to vote again on the American Health Care Act (AHCA) after narrowly passing the bill earlier this May. [House Speaker Paul Ryan has not sent the AHCA to the Senate yet because the bill may have to be reworked, depending on how the Congressional Budget Office (CBO) scores the bill. House leadership wants to ensure that the bill conforms with the Senate’s rules for budgetary reconciliation, a mechanism that allows the Senate to pass bills with a simple majority.  The House quickly pushed through the AHCA after they added the MacArthur amendment, which allows states to obtain waivers to repeal Obamacare regulations that raise the cost of premiums. The House rushed the AHCA through without a CBO score that would allow lawmakers and the American people to evaluate the bill’s effects on costs and health insurance coverage. Previous CBO scores of the AHCA estimated that 24 million Americans could lose insurance by 2026, while the previous version would save $150 billion between 2017 and 2026 compared to the original bill, which would have saved $337 billion. The AHCA waivers that allow states to disregard certain Obamacare regulations could allow citizens to sign up for cheaper insurance. The bill’s $138 billion in funding for   pools could drastically change the cost of premiums and health insurance coverage for millions of Americans. According to several Congressional aides and procedural experts, if Republicans send the bill to the Senate and the CBO confirms that the bill does not save at least $2 billion, the Republicans would have to restart the repeal process with a new budget resolution. Congressional rules would prevent Republicans from fixing the AHCA after the bill moves to the Senate. The Senate’s rules require that the AHCA must hit a separate $1 billion in spending cuts in the Finance Committee as well as the health committee. Republican aides added that falling short of those targets would force the House to rewrite portions of the bill, even if the AHCA meets the overall deficit reduction targets. If the House leadership holds onto the bill until after the CBO unveils their score, then the House can still address the problems explained by the CBO through another vote on the House floor. Ryan told radio host Hugh Hewitt last week that he does not think that the House will need to vote again on the AHCA. Speaker Ryan said, “We just want to, out of an abundance of caution, wait to send the bill over to the Senate when we get the final score. ” House Republicans could cloak the vote through arcane procedural votes, although the vote will still be weighed down by the CBO’s latest revelations about the bill’s impact on health insurance coverage and cost. Greg Walden, the chairman of the House Energy and Commerce Committee, urged caution regarding the CBO’s score. “We’ve got to wait for the CBO score. To prove that you meet the reconciliation test. ” Congressman Dennis Ross ( ) was not aware that House leadership was holding onto the bill. Ross, a member of the House leadership whip team, said, “I had no idea. ” Ross added that the prospect of another vote “does concern me. ” Democrats were critical of House Republicans’ unwillingness to delay the vote on the AHCA until the CBO released their scoring of the health care bill. Louise Slaughter, the ranking Democrat on the House Rules Committee, chided her Republican colleagues. She said, “Every school child knows that when you pass a bill in the House, you send it to the Senate. You don’t hide it in a drawer somewhere for two weeks, while you wait for information that you should have had before you passed it. ”",0
15465,Afghanistan’s Green Gold: Taliban Terrorists Earn $15 Million a Year Selling Pistachios,"Taliban jihadists generated $15 million for terrorist activities in 2016 from harvesting Afghanistan’s “green gold,” pistachios, over 32, 000 hectares in the Kushki Kuhna district of the country’s western Herat province. [“They are being collected by the Taliban and armed locals,” lamented the head of the Badghis governor’s office, Sharafuddin Madjeedi, referring to the pistachios, reported Agence   (AFP) last year.  Syed Mohammad Chishti Modudi, the Kushki Kuhna district’s administrative chief, told Pajhwok Afghan News that “an investigation by agriculture experts showed $15 million in annual income from [the] pistachio crop in the district lined [the] Taliban’s pockets. ” “He said two pistachio forests spread over 32, 000 hectares of land existed in the district,” notes Pajhwok, adding that “the forests had been partially destroyed by local powerful individuals and Taliban. ” However, the Taliban managed to illegally harvest up to 40 percent of the country’s crop after it raided the pistachio forests in Herat last year. Afghanistan’s “pistachio belt” runs through the provinces of Badakhshan in the northeast Kunduz in the north and Herat in the west. The U. S.  Afghan National Defense and Security Forces (ANDSF) which include soldiers and police officers, are unable to protect some pistachio forests in the   country because the Taliban closely monitors them and towns nearby. “Government forces have no authority over the pistachio forests in Badghis province because they lie in   areas,” explained Hafizullah Benish, agriculture director in the western province. As of   2016, the   government had lost control   influence of about 43 percent of Afghanistan. Known as Afghanistan’s green gold, Afghans proudly harvest   pistachios, noted Agence   (AFP) in July 2016, adding that the Taliban had laid its eyes on the lucrative crop. Over the past few years, Afghan authorities have imposed a ban that makes it a crime to access pistachio forests in 11 provinces. Nevertheless, the restrictions have failed to serve as a deterrent for Taliban and other “strongmen” in the country. “Fears are growing that the Taliban and local strongmen are depriving” poor farmers in the   country “of   export income,” noted AFP. The Taliban also generates millions from the sale of the illicit drug opium, which is primarily cultivated in Afghanistan. U. S. Gen. John Nicholson, the top commander of American and NATO forces in Afghanistan, revealed last year that opium and its heroin derivative “provides about 60 percent of the Taliban funding. ” Taliban jihadists “tax the farmers, they tax the narcotics traffickers and this is how they derive their revenue,” the top American general explained to Pentagon reporters. It appears that the Taliban generates a substantial portion of the remaining 40 percent from the harvest of pistachios. Pistachio profits are “not enough to compete with opium production that generates, according to the UN, about $160 million a year in Afghanistan. But enough, for some, to make ends meet,” pointed out AFP. The Taliban may have more than tripled the profits from pistachios over the last two years, from an AFP estimate of $4. 2 million in 2014 to about $15 million last year. Mohammad Aman Amanyar, the forest supervisor for Afghanistan’s Agriculture Ministry, pointed out in 2016 that “nearly four decades ago, before the near continuous wars that have since ravaged Afghanistan, the country was carpeted with up to 450, 000 hectares of pistachio forest. ” “Now, after violence and misery, ’40 to 50 percent of the trees are gone for firewood, or are victims of climate change and drought,’” he added. Late last year, Gen. Nicholson determined that the ongoing war in Afghanistan is at a stalemate.",0
15466,Donald Trump Attacks ’Sleepy Eyes Chuck Todd’ for ’Phony’ Russia Story,"President Donald Trump continued his war against the media, criticizing NBC’s Chuck Todd for his coverage of the ongoing investigation of the president’s campaign ties to Russia. [“When will Sleepy Eyes Chuck Todd and NBC News start talking about the Obama SURVEILLANCE SCANDAL and stop with the Fake   story?” Trump asked on Twitter, accusing former Obama aides of fueling the narrative.  Trump compared the ongoing narrative to the same predictions during the election that turned out to be false. “It is the same Fake News Media that said there is “no path to victory for Trump” that is now pushing the phony Russia story,” he wrote. “A total scam!” The ongoing story was fueled by Trump former National Security Adviser Mike Flynn after reports that he would be willing to testify in the congressional investigation of the campaign if granted immunity. “Mike Flynn should ask for immunity in that this is a witch hunt,” Trump said on Twitter this week. On Friday, Chuck Todd criticized Trump for fueling the Russia story on Twitter. “Obviously, the Russia cloud darkens all of the time, and all of these problems right now that they’re dealing with front and center are   by one person, the President of the United States, who could not help himself with a tweet on this wiretapping nonsense,” Todd said during an interview with his colleague Andrea Mitchell.",0
15467,Goldman Sachs Endorses Hillary Clinton For President,"Goldman Sachs Endorses Hillary Clinton For President   Shadowproof 
He’s with her. On Sunday, former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton earned the endorsement of Goldman Sachs CEO Lloyd Blankfein —an endorsement she had been working toward for years. 
As was revealed by Wikileaks, Hillary Clinton spent the run up to her presidential campaign giving speeches to Goldman Sachs and other Wall Street banks, where she praised their talents and explained her positions on financial regulation. 
On October 24, 2013, Clinton told Goldman Sachs that Dodd-Frank had to be done mostly for “political reasons” because Congress needed to look like it was doing something about the crisis. She said, “There’s nothing magic about regulations, too much is bad, too little is bad. How do you get to the golden key, how do we figure out what works? And the people that know the industry better than anybody are the people who work in the industry.” 
Yes, she essentially endorsed Wall Street writing the rules because Wall Street knows its business best and complained to Goldman Sachs that regulations had frightened bankers. 
“I mean, right now, there are so many places in our country where the banks are not doing what they need to do because they’re scared of regulations, they’re scared of the other shoe dropping, they’re just plain scared, so credit is not flowing the way it needs to to restart economic growth,” Clinton said. “So people are, you know, a little — they’re still uncertain, and they’re uncertain both because they don’t know what might come next in terms of regulations, but they’re also uncertain because of changes in a global economy that we’re only beginning to take hold of.” 
Music to Wall Street’s ears. For Goldman Sachs, was there really any other choice this cycle? After all, they did pay Hillary Clinton $675,000 for those three speeches, and have generously supported her political career. 
Despite her private comments to Goldman Sachs, Hillary Clinton has taken a tough public position on Wall Street during the campaign, likely due to Senator Bernie Sanders’ success in the primaries. Of course, Wikileaks also revealed that Clinton told the National Multi-housing Council in a private speech that “you need both a public and a private position.” 
So the real question is, what do Blankfein and Goldman want in return and what is Clinton’s private position on giving it to them? Share This Article...",0
15468,"Mosul, ‘Brexit,’ U.S. Presidential Race: Your Monday Briefing - The New York Times","Good morning.  We’re trying something new for our readers in Europe: a morning briefing to   your day.  What do you like? What do you want to see here? Email us with your feedback at europebriefing@nytimes. com. Here’s what you need to know: • The Iraqi government has begun its battle to reclaim Mosul from the Islamic State. The militants’ hold on the sprawling city lent the most credence to their claim to rule a fledgling nation. European Union foreign ministers are meeting today to discuss recent developments in Syria. Rebels claim to have captured the village of Dabiq, forcing the Islamic State from a stronghold. • Russia’s furious response to American, British and French accusations of war crimes in Syria sent diplomatic relations into the kind of tailspin not seen for decades. Some analysts believe that President Vladimir V. Putin is raising the stakes for coming negotiations over Syria. Talks are expected to resume in Lausanne, Switzerland, on Saturday. • France is confronting entrenched   bias, brought to a head after a Chinese migrant living in a Paris suburb was beaten to death. The death exposed the complexities of the country’s volatile racial tensions, which have often been portrayed too simplistically as defined by frictions involving the large Muslim minority. Economic weakness and a rise in inequality appear to be causing a disturbing growth in ethnic nationalism in countries around the world. • A court in London is considering whether a set of archaic rules known as the royal prerogative would allow Prime Minister Theresa May to start the clock on leaving the E. U. without the kind of involvement Parliament is demanding. And The Sunday Times of London published an  “Brexit” column that Boris Johnson, now the foreign secretary, wrote before deciding to embrace the movement. “Hold your breath,” he wrote. “Think of Britain. Think of the rest of the EU. ” • Silicon Valley is taking sides in the U. S. presidential race as the election on Nov. 8 approaches. Much of the sentiment being openly expressed is in opposition to Donald J. Trump, but Peter Thiel, a tech billionaire, is giving $1. 25 million to support his candidacy. Meanwhile, Republican leaders and election officials from both parties are countering claims by Mr. Trump that a conspiracy is underway between the news media and the Democratic Party to commit vast election fraud. The candidates’ third and final debate is on Wednesday, with most polls heavily favoring Mrs. Clinton. • Montenegro’s governing party won parliamentary elections on Sunday, according to unofficial results, but failed to secure an absolute majority. The outcome of coalition negotiations will determine whether the country continues on its Western course under the longtime prime minister, Milo Djukanovic, or turns back to Russia, its traditional ally. • A sweeping accord on banning hydrofluorocarbons reached in Kigali, Rwanda, could be even more   than the Paris climate accord. And it might not have happened without the active backing of the world’s chemical companies, which are disrupting their own businesses to fight climate change. • Russia and India are moving forward with a revitalized relationship after signing billions of dollars’ worth of military and energy deals at a summit meeting over the weekend. • China is in the midst of a dizzying housing bubble, but the growing use of mortgages could make this property boom particularly unstable. • E. U. trade ministers will meet on Tuesday to decide on a free trade deal with Canada, known as CETA. • Here’s a snapshot of global markets. • The Economist: “Europe Is Trying to Teach Its Gender Norms to Refugees. ” Teaching sexual conventions is tricky, especially when there is no agreement on what those norms should be. • NPR: “In Fight Against Food Waste, Brits Find A Worthy Battlefield. ” A campaign encouraged food manufacturers to reduce the portion sizes of prepackaged meals. • Deep Dives: “The (Mobile) Games Women Play. ” A   reminder that many of the people downloading games to their smartphones are women. • In Aleppo, Syria, a drone video reveals destruction so complete that our architecture critic says it obliterates even a sense of time. “At a glance,” he writes, “the video could show Berlin in 1945 or Grozny, 2000. Mass death erases all distinctions. ” • The death of Thailand’s revered king has brought both the country and the crown prince, above, to the brink of an ascension neither appears to be ready for. His lavish lifestyle in Germany has caused great anxiety in the kingdom. • China sent two astronauts to an orbiting space lab for a   stay earlier today. Beijing’s space program calls for a permanent space station by 2018, an unmanned rover to Mars in 2020 and an astronaut to the moon in 2025. • The United States has been so successful protecting wild horses in the West that   herds are overgrazing public lands. About 46, 000 horses are now held on ranches at a cost of $49 million a year. Weather and wars are responsible for many disasters these days. But two centuries ago, one was caused by an unusual culprit: beer. On Oct. 17, 1814, the London Beer Flood took the lives of eight people in a densely populated slum known as St. Giles Rookery. A series of vats exploded at a brewery, breaking through a wall. Witnesses described a wave of porter ale and debris up to 15 feet high. An “immense mass of ruins” is how one newspaper described the scene. Among the victims were said to be a mother and daughter having tea. Others killed included mourners attending a wake. Decades earlier, the poverty of St. Giles inspired “Gin Lane” by the artist William Hogarth. Perhaps because of the neighborhood’s reputation, accounts of onlookers trying to scoop up the free booze became part of the tragedy’s lore. A local pub pays tribute to the anniversary with special beers on tap. One that was once served was called the Beer Flood Porter. Sean Alfano contributed reporting. Your Morning Briefing is published weekday mornings. What would you like to see here? Contact us at europebriefing@nytimes. com.",0
15469,"Civil Rights Act Protects Gay Workers, Court Rules - The New York Times","In a significant victory for gay rights, a federal appeals court in Chicago ruled Tuesday that the 1964 Civil Rights Act protects gay workers from job discrimination, expanding workplace protections in the landmark law to include sexual orientation. The decision by the United States Court of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit, the highest federal court yet to grant such employment protections, raises the chances that the politically charged issue may ultimately be resolved by the Supreme Court. While an appeal is not expected in this case, another appellate court, in Georgia, last month reached the opposite conclusion, saying that the law does not prohibit discrimination at work for gay employees. The ruling on Tuesday comes as gay rights advocates have voiced concern about the potential rollback of protections under President Trump. While the Supreme Court legalized   marriage, many other legal protections, including in employment and housing, have not been extended at all levels to gay people. The White House considered and then scuttled a plan to overturn   protections for lesbian, gay, bisexual and transgender people. But the Trump administration also rescinded protections for transgender students that had allowed them to use bathrooms corresponding with their gender identity. In the decision on Tuesday, the judges ruled by an    vote that the civil rights law, which already prohibits discrimination on a variety of factors, also includes protections based on sexual orientation. They concluded that such discrimination was no different from a form of sex discrimination, which the law prohibits. Five of the eight judges in the majority were appointed by Republican presidents. The case stems from a lawsuit by Kimberly Hively, an Indiana teacher who has alleged that she was fired from Ivy Tech Community College because she is a lesbian. She applied to six   jobs at the school in South Bend, Ind. that she did not get, and she was let go from her   position there in 2014. The community college denies that she was discriminated against because of her sexual orientation. “Hively’s claim is no different from the claims brought by women who were rejected for jobs in traditionally male workplaces, such as fire departments, construction and policing,” the court’s chief judge, Diane P. Wood, wrote in the opinion. “Ivy Tech is disadvantaging her because she is a woman. ” The court did not rule on Ms. Hively’s specific   lawsuit. But the ruling allows for Ms. Hively’s employment case to proceed. A lower court had dismissed her case, ruling that the Civil Rights Act did not include sexual orientation protections. Ms. Hively, who represented herself in the lower court because she said no lawyer thought she would win, said late on Tuesday that she was still processing the significance of the ruling. “I wasn’t doing it just for me, but for anyone who was going to be bullied in a job for who they decided to love,” she said in an interview. Greg Nevins, the employment fairness program director for Lambda Legal, which represented Ms. Hively, called the ruling a “tremendous victory. ” He said the Seventh Circuit’s approach to the Civil Rights Act was a momentous shift from past cases. “The problem with the old decisions was a focus on the words that were not in the statute  —   ‘We don’t see sexual orientation in the statute, so you lose’  —   instead of what is in it: sex discrimination,” Mr. Nevins said in an interview. An official at Ivy Tech said on Tuesday night that it “respects and appreciates” the ruling and does not plan to appeal it to the Supreme Court. “The college denies that it discriminated against the plaintiff on the basis of her sex or sexual orientation and will defend the plaintiff’s claims on the merits in the trial court,” said the official, Jeff Fanter, the senior vice president for communication and marketing at Ivy Tech. Lawyers with the firm Barnes  Thornburg, which is representing Ivy Tech, did not immediately return phone calls or respond to emails. In another case involving sexual orientation and the federal civil rights law, an employee at Georgia Regional Hospital in Savannah claimed that she was essentially forced out of her security guard job because she is a lesbian. A   panel in the United States Court of Appeals for the 11th Circuit ruled last month that the law did not apply to her. In a case in New York, an employee at Omnicom Group, a marketing company, said a manager repeatedly taunted him because he is gay. A federal judge dismissed the case, which was appealed to the United States Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit. A   panel ruled last week against the employee, but the chief judge, Robert A. Katzmann, noted that legal and societal views had shifted on legal protections and rights for gay people. “Other federal courts are also grappling with this question, and it well may be that the Supreme Court will ultimately address it,” he wrote. Susan Chana Lask, who is representing the employee in the New York case, said she planned to ask for a rehearing before the entire Second Circuit appeals court.",0
15470,WikiLeaks: Email Claims Clinton Murdered Vince Foster,"Hillary Clinton is responsible for the death of Vince Foster – at least according to an astonishing WikiLeaks email. 
Via Yournewswire 

The email chain is part of the WikiLeaks’ Global Intelligence Files, over five millions emails from Stratfor, the Texas headquartered “global intelligence” company. In the email Matthew Powers tells Sean Noonan, “I thought Vince Foster was the only person the Clinton’s killed. How naive I was .”

The full email can be viewed here. 
WikiLeaks.org was targeted by a massive DDoS attack late Sunday night. The website was taken offline minutes after the massive DNCLeak2 dump and WikiLeaks topics including Vince Foster began trending on Twitter.
Twitter was also taken offline in DDoS attack.
Twitter & #wikileaks both went down right when #VinceFoster and #DNCLeak2 started trending.
Because of this email- https://t.co/TkvUxPtAHQ pic.twitter.com/BbqdmSzwU4 
— Deplorable Manon (@aristocratssoul) November 7, 2016 

Was the DDoS attack an attempt at suppressing new information?
In 1993, during the Clinton administration, Vince Foster, a personal friend of Hillary Clinton and Deputy White House Council, was found dead in his car. Though two investigators – Robert Fiske and Kenneth Starr – separately concluded that Foster shot himself and died, his suicide has long been considered suspicious.
New evidence 
Recently discovered evidence suggests Vince Foster did not commit suicide, but died of two gunshot wounds to the neck – not the one wound initially reported.
Discovered in the files of the National Archives and Records Administration, Starr’s lead prosecutor Miguel Rodriguez submitted a 2-page resignation letter and a 31 page memo about the injuries Foster sustained. Rodriguez notes in the letter details about injuries around Foster’s neck which were not reported in official government documents.
At the time, the FBI claimed that Foster’s neck injury photos were underexposed, and therefore useless to them. Rodriguez claims that after he produced additinal damning evidence of a possible Foster murder cover-up, he became a target and was investigated internally!
In the letter, he explained twelve ways in which the case has mishandled and compromised. Then, he noted: “I steadfastly maintained, and continue to maintain, that I, at all times, conducted myself as an experienced and trained prosecutor, with years of federal prosecutorial experience and federal grand jury experience.”
These records indicate Foster didn’t really die from one .38 caliber gunshot… but two gunshots! The other shot was on the right side of his neck, made by a “small caliber” bullet hole. This raises serious questions about Foster’s motives for suicide. He was tied to Hillary Clinton’s roles in White House scandals at Whitewater and the White House Travel Office.
Here is the new evidence in the Vince Foster case:

The Political Insider reports :
The theory is, as Vince Foster was one of Hillary’s closest friends, he knew too much about these scandals. In fact, he may have had a romantic relationship with the then first-Lady.
Foster had been a long-time friend and companion to Hillary. The two shared a brokerage account called Midlife Partners. When Barbara Walters asked Hillary if she had been having an affair with Vince Foster, Hillary lowered her eyes and told the 20/20 cameras, “He was a very special man.” When he died, Hillary said publicly that Vince Foster was the last person who would have committed suicide. Friends reported she was genuinely shocked and aggrieved.
Why, then, did Hillary lie under oath about the last time she saw Vince Foster?
Testifying before the Office of the Independent Counsel (OIC) in 1994, she claimed that the last time she had spoken to Vince Foster was on the phone “the Friday or Saturday before Father’s Day.” Yet documents from the National Archives, acquired by the New York Megaphone, show that Foster’s assistant, Tom Castleton, reported he “saw Hillary Clinton in Foster’s office approximately four times during the five weeks he was employed.” Castleton didn’t start working for Foster until after Father’s Day, 1993.
According to Ambrose Evans-Pritchard in a 1996 Telegraph (UK) article, Hillary Clinton asked Vince Foster to help her spy on her libertine husband in 1990. Foster hired Jerry Parks, an Arkansas investigator who later worked as the head of security for the Clinton/Gore campaign. According to Parks’s widow, “Jerry asked Vince why he needed this stuff on Clinton. He said he needed it for Hillary.” When Vince Foster showed up dead in a Washington-area public park in the summer of 1993, Parks was terrified. Two months later Parks was shot nine times at close range, at a stoplight, in his SUV, in Little Rock. Parks’s home was then raided by eight Federal agents, including officers from the FBI, IRS, Secret Service, and (unusual for a domestic case) the CIA.
If true, this means Vince Foster was murdered to make sure he didn’t tell the world what he knew about President Bill Clinton and his wife Hillary. He was too honest, and therefore couldn’t be trusted anymore.
This is actually worse than transmitting classified documents on a home email server… This is murder!
",0
15471,Ruling May Allow Russia to Add Seven Athletes - The New York Times,"After weeks of debate over Russia’s participation in the Rio Games, Olympic officials announced Thursday  —   less than 24 hours before the opening ceremony  —   that 271 Russian athletes would compete in Rio. They excluded more than 100 others, branding them tainted by a government doping program. But on the first day of the Games, the list of who would represent Russia in Rio was not necessarily final, as a new court ruling made it possible for seven more Russian athletes to be added to competition schedules at the last moment. What is the number of Russian athletes competing in Rio? It was 271 on Thursday. It looked likely to grow on Friday, possibly reaching 278. The seven additions could include swimmers, cyclists and a wrestler with previous doping violations who have served their punishments. Several, if not all, of those seven have traveled to Rio and are hoping for a favorable outcome, Russia’s sports ministry said. The governing bodies for those three sports must decide whether to approve the athletes in question, after which the Olympic committee must give final approval. A decision was expected Friday night, a spokesman for the Russian Olympic Committee said. Why the   uncertainty? And hadn’t all Russians who were caught doping already been barred from Rio? World sports’ highest court decided Thursday that Olympic officials’ decision to automatically exclude all Russian athletes who had been caught doping in the past but had served sanctions was “unenforceable. ” How did the Olympic committee react to the possibility that Russians with drug violations might compete in Rio? The committee said in a statement Friday that it was disappointed with the court’s decision but that it respected the ruling. How had officials justified barring Russians with doping histories, given that Olympians from other countries with past drug violations can compete? Russia has been accused of an extensive   doping program that corrupted the results of recent Olympics. After global antidoping officials said that they had strong evidence of cheating by Russia, Olympics officials said that Russian athletes would be considered guilty until proven innocent. The Olympic committee instructed sports authorities that no Russian who had ever been caught cheating should be allowed to compete in Rio and that even those with clean histories were not necessarily to be considered clean. Why has it taken so long to make a decision? The debate over Russia’s participation has been hotly disputed, testing loyalties in the political world of international sports. Antidoping officials and some top athletes called for a blanket ban on the entire country, while some Russian officials decried that punishment as a conspiracy to undercut their country. This week in Rio, the president of Russia’s Olympic committee said it was discriminatory to reverse the presumption of innocence to which athletes are usually entitled. The president of the International Olympic Committee said on Thursday that he and his colleagues had wrestled with a “difficult” question: “Can you hold an individual responsible for the wrongdoing of his or her country?” How many Olympians does Russia usually send to the Games? Around 400. The country sent 436 athletes to the last Summer Olympics, at which it won 82 medals. Russia tried to enter 387 athletes in this year’s Rio Games. Regardless of small final changes to the roster that may come, it will have at least 100 fewer athletes than it had hoped for. Only one athlete will represent Russia in track and field, one of its strongest sports and one in which it won 18 medals at the last Summer Games.",0
15472,CNN’s Jim Acosta to Spicer: Is Trump ’Detached From Reality?’ - Breitbart,"Wednesday at the White House press briefing CNN’s Jim Acosta asked if President Donald Trump was “detached from reality” because of comments the president made at a White House gathering for Senators on Tuesday night.  Acosta questioned Trump saying U. S. soldiers in Iraq were fighting “like never before,” and that passing health care reform would be “easy. ” White House press secretary Sean Spicer said the comments were a “  moment. ” (  RCP Video) Follow Pam Key on Twitter @pamkeyNEN",0
15473,"Berlin, Putin, Trump, Israel: Your Friday Evening Briefing - The New York Times","(Want to get this briefing by email? Here’s the  .) Good evening. We’ll be off on Monday. Your Evening Briefing will resume publishing on Tuesday. Here’s the latest. 1. Anis Amri, the chief suspect in the Berlin Christmas market attack, was killed by the police outside Milan, ending a manhunt across Europe. Mr. Amri was stopped by the police outside a train station around 3 a. m. local time. He quickly pulled out a pistol and shot one officer. He was shot and killed by another officer. Hours later, the Islamic State released a video featuring Mr. Amri in which he declares he was avenging coalition airstrikes that have killed civilians in Syria. Investigators were trying to determine if Mr. Amri had been working with anyone else, and how he managed to flee Germany. _____ 2. “Let it be an arms race. ” That’s what   Donald Trump said in a phone call with an MSNBC host who asked about his recent comments on Twitter on nuclear weapons. “We will outmatch them at every pass and outlast them all,” Mr. Trump said. We attempted to translate and explain his tweet on this subject. Mr. Trump also released a letter from Vladimir Putin in which the Russian president said he hoped to “bring our level of collaboration on the international scene to a qualitatively new level. ” Mr. Trump called it “a very nice letter. ” In his annual marathon news conference in Moscow, Mr. Putin said Russia was not seeking a new arms race, but is looking to improve its armaments so that they could pierce other nations’ missile defenses. _____ 3. The United States abstained in a U. N. vote against Israel’s settlement policy, defying calls to veto from Israel and Mr. Trump. That broke a longstanding American tradition of serving as Israel’s sturdiest diplomatic shield. The   Security Council voted   in favor of the measure, which states that construction and expansion of Israeli settlements imperil the viability of a   solution. _____ 4. All 109 passengers and crew members on board a hijacked Libyan airliner were released, hours after two men claiming to be carrying explosives forced the plane to divert to Malta. The hijackers were apparently members of a group that supported Col. Muammar   and were seeking asylum in Europe. The flight was operated by the   Afriqiyah Airways. _____  5. We visited the historically Christian villages and towns around Mosul, Iraq. They were among the first places to be liberated from the Islamic State earlier this year. Many residents remain fearful about their future there, but some say the experience strengthened their faith. “They can destroy our houses, our things, but not our souls,” one nun said. _____ 6. An experimental vaccine has been shown to provide 100 percent protection against one of the most common forms of Ebola. The findings were published in a medical journal this week. The vaccine has not yet been approved for use. “It’s certainly good news with regard to any new outbreak  —   and one will occur somewhere,” a top scientist said. “But we still need to continue working on Ebola vaccines. ” _____ 7. Here in the U. S. immunotherapy has become the hottest area in cancer research and treatment. But the clinical trials are overwhelmingly white, and researchers are seeking a more diverse patient pool. _____ 8. Pope Francis is elevating a new crop of leaders to realign the Roman Catholic Church with his priorities. Among them is Cardinal Joseph W. Tobin, the    incoming archbishop of Newark, N. J. He’s an amiable guy from a   neighborhood in Detroit who has ministered to the poor, AIDS patients and   inmates. Here’s the story of his journey to the pinnacle of the global church. _____ 9. Among our   articles today is this confirmation that human connection lies at the heart of our  . Research has found loneliness is as important a risk factor for early death as obesity and smoking. Older people are particularly vulnerable. But new programs are coming up with creative ways to encourage   community. _____ 10. Finally, one of our nation’s   diplomats has gone viral. Caroline Kennedy is closely followed in Japan, where she has been posted since 2013. For Christmas, she dressed as Santa for a video that features embassy staff mimicking dance moves from a popular Japanese TV series. Nearly 4 million people have watched it on YouTube. “We thought people would enjoy it,” an embassy spokesman said. “But we had no idea how popular it would become. ” Happy holidays! _____ Photographs may appear out of order for some readers. Viewing this version of the briefing should help. Your Evening Briefing is posted at 6 p. m. Eastern. And don’t miss Your Morning Briefing, posted weekdays at 6 a. m. Eastern, and Your Weekend Briefing, posted at 6 a. m. Sundays. Want to look back? Here’s last night’s briefing. What did you like? What do you want to see here? Let us know at briefing@nytimes. com.",0
15474,"Wielding Claims of ‘Fake News,’ Conservatives Take Aim at Mainstream Media - The New York Times","WASHINGTON  —   The C. I. A. the F. B. I. and the White House may all agree that Russia was behind the hacking that interfered with the election. But that was of no import to the website Breitbart News, which dismissed reports on the intelligence assessment as “  fake news. ” Rush Limbaugh has diagnosed a more fundamental problem. “The fake news is the everyday news” in the mainstream media, he said on his radio show recently. “They just make it up. ” Some supporters of   Donald J. Trump have also taken up the call. As reporters were walking out of a Trump rally this month in Orlando, Fla. a man heckled them with shouts of “Fake news!” Until now, that term had been widely understood to refer to fabricated news accounts that are meant to spread virally online. But conservative cable and radio personalities, top Republicans and even Mr. Trump himself, incredulous about suggestions that fake stories may have helped swing the election, have appropriated the term and turned it against any news they see as hostile to their agenda. In defining “fake news” so broadly and seeking to dilute its meaning, they are capitalizing on the declining credibility of all purveyors of information, one product of the country’s increasing political polarization. And conservatives, seeing an opening to undermine the mainstream media, a longtime foe, are more than happy to dig the hole deeper. “Over the years, we’ve effectively brainwashed the core of our audience to distrust anything that they disagree with. And now it’s gone too far,” said John Ziegler, a conservative radio host, who has been critical of what he sees as excessive partisanship by pundits. “Because the gatekeepers have lost all credibility in the minds of consumers, I don’t see how you reverse it. ” Journalists who work to separate fact from fiction see a dangerous conflation of stories that turn out to be wrong because of a legitimate misunderstanding with those whose clear intention is to deceive. A report, shared more than a million times on social media, that the pope had endorsed Mr. Trump was undeniably false. But was it “fake news” to report on data models that showed Hillary Clinton with overwhelming odds of winning the presidency? Are opinion articles fake if they   facts to draw disputable conclusions? “Fake news was a term specifically about people who purposely fabricated stories for clicks and revenue,” said David Mikkelson, the founder of Snopes, the   website. “Now it includes bad reporting, slanted journalism and outright propaganda. And I think we’re doing a disservice to lump all those things together. ” The right’s labeling of “fake news” evokes one of the most successful efforts by conservatives to reorient how Americans think about news media objectivity: the move by Fox News to brand its   coverage as “fair and balanced. ” Traditionally, mainstream media outlets had thought of their own approach in those terms, viewing their coverage as strictly down the middle. Republicans often found that laughable. As with Fox’s ubiquitous promotion of its slogan, conservatives’ appropriation of the “fake news” label is an effort to further erode the mainstream media’s claim to be a reliable and accurate source. “What I think is so unsettling about the fake news cries now is that their audience has already sort of bought into this idea that journalism has no credibility or legitimacy,” said Angelo Carusone, the president of Media Matters, a liberal group that polices the news media for bias. “Therefore, by applying that term to credible outlets, it becomes much more believable. ” Conservative news media are now awash in the “fake news” condemnations. When coverage of Mr. Trump’s choice for labor secretary, Andrew F. Puzder, highlighted his opposition to minimum wage increases, the writer and radio host Erick Erickson wrote that Mr. Puzder should have been getting more credit for pointing out that such increases lead to higher unemployment. “To say otherwise is to push fake news,” he wrote. (The effects actually have been found to vary from city to city.) Infowars, the website run by the conservative provocateur and conspiracy theorist Alex Jones, labeled as “fake news” a CNN report that Ivanka Trump would move into the office in the White House normally reserved for the first lady. Mr. Trump has used the term to deny news reports, as he did on Twitter recently after various outlets said he would stay on as the executive producer of “The New Celebrity Apprentice” after taking office in January. “Ridiculous  untrue  —   FAKE NEWS!” he wrote. (He will be credited as executive producer, a spokesman for the show’s creator, Mark Burnett, has said. But it is unclear what work, if any, he will do on the show.) Many conservatives are pushing back at the outrage over fake news because they believe that liberals, unwilling to accept Mr. Trump’s victory, are attributing his triumph to nefarious external factors. “The left refuses to admit that the fundamental problem isn’t the Russians or Jim Comey or ‘fake news’ or the Electoral College,” said Laura Ingraham, the author and radio host. “‘Fake news’ is just another fake excuse for their failed agenda. ” Others see a larger effort to slander the basic journalistic function of  . Nonpartisan websites like Snopes and Factcheck. org have found themselves maligned when they have disproved stories that had been flattering to conservatives. When Snopes wrote about a State Farm insurance agent in Louisiana who had posted a sign outside his office that likened taxpayers who voted for President Obama to chickens supporting Colonel Sanders, Mr. Mikkelson, the site’s founder, was smeared as a partisan Democrat who had never bothered to reach out to the agent for comment. Neither is true. “They’re trying to float anything they can find out there to discredit ” he said. There are already efforts by highly partisan conservatives to claim that their   efforts are the same as those of independent outlets like Snopes, which employ research teams to dig into seemingly dubious claims. Sean Hannity, the Fox News host, has aired “ ” segments on his program. Michelle Malkin, the conservative columnist, has a web program, “Michelle Malkin Investigates,” in which she conducts her own investigative reporting. The market in these divided times is undeniably ripe. “We now live in this fragmented media world where you can block people you disagree with. You can only be exposed to stories that make you feel good about what you want to believe,” Mr. Ziegler, the radio host, said. “Unfortunately, the truth is unpopular a lot. And a good fairy tale beats a harsh truth every time. ”",0
15475,All dogs on dog Tinder,"All dogs on dog Tinder 14-11-16 DOGS are using social media for no-strings hookups with other dogs, it has emerged. Experts believe that all dogs are using dog phone apps to meet fellows dogs for secret liaisons, often under their owners’ noses. Stephen Malley, a golden retriever, said: “I use Doggr to meet other dogs who I might like to casually hump while I’m out and about. “I’m in a committed relationship with a chew toy, but there’s such a thrill about meeting some anonymous dog in the park and just going at it in the bushes. “I like to have my owner with me in my profile picture, because it shows I have a sensitive, affectionate side, and bitches love that.” Nikki Hollis, a highland terrier, said: “I like Sniffr, because it matches me with other dogs whose anal glands I want to sniff. Which is all other dogs.” Professor Henry Brubaker, of the Institute for Studies, said: “We believe users of Doggr only ever swipe right, whether they’re looking at a picture of a dog, an armchair, a human leg, or a cat. “We have also identified dog Uber, which involves lying down and whining until you’re picked up and carried home.” 
Share:",0
15476,BREAKING: Wall Street Journal Reveals Shock Business Details About Podesta and Russia,"BREAKING: Wall Street Journal Reveals Shock Business Details About Podesta and Russia Oct 28, 2016 Previous post 
Democrat presidential candidate Hillary Clinton’s campaign chairman John Podesta has been linked to an investment firm owned by the Russian government. Moreover, it has been shown that he tried to hide this connection from the U.S. government. 
Five years ago, the U.S.-based solar energy startup Joule Unlimited elected Podesta to its board of directors in the hopes that he would help it foster the sorts of international relationships needed for long-term success, according to The Wall Street Journal . 
Lo and behold, Podesta did exactly that. Within months of his election to the board, the Russian firm Rusnano announced plans to invest about $35 million in the solar company. Several months later, Joule invited Rusnano’s chairman Anatoly Chubais to join its board of directors. 
Note that around this time, Podesta joined then-Secretary of State Hillary Clinton’s Foreign Affairs Policy Board, seemingly unconcerned about the potential conflicts of interest at play. This attitude changed in 2014, when he signed up to serve as a counselor to President Barack Obama. 
Hacked emails published by WikiLeaks last week showed that in 2014, Podesta asked that his shares in Joule be transferred to a newly created entity called Leonidio Holdings, LLC. 
Speaking with reporters on Wednesday, a Clinton campaign representative confirmed this finding, but claimed that the entity was owned by Podesta’s children — and that his purpose in transferring his holdings to them was to recuse “himself from all matters pertaining to Joule for the duration of his time at the White House.” 
Here’s the problem: The emails published by WikiLeaks also revealed that Podesta paid the bill for Leonidio’s incorporation in Delaware — and that he also took care of expenses for some legal work performed for Joule in 2005 by a law firm 
FOR ENTIRE ARTICLE CLICK LINK",0
15477,Gawker.com to Shut Down Next Week - The New York Times,"For nearly 14 years, Nick Denton and Gawker. com have defined Gawker Media. But over the last several months, a split of some kind between the company, its founder and its flagship site became inevitable: Gawker Media, under financial pressure from a $140 million legal judgment in an    lawsuit brought by Hulk Hogan, the former professional wrestler, also encountered a seemingly unbeatable adversary in the form of Peter Thiel, the billionaire Silicon Valley entrepreneur who was financing legal efforts against the company. Left with few options, Gawker Media filed for bankruptcy and put itself up for sale in June. On Thursday, less than 48 hours after Univision’s $135 million bid won an auction for Gawker Media, the bond finally broke. Gawker. com will shut down next week, and Mr. Denton, whose sites pioneered a wry, conversational and brash form of web journalism that would influence publications across the internet, will leave the company. “Sadly, neither I nor Gawker. com, the buccaneering flagship of the group I built with my colleagues, are coming along for this next stage,” Mr. Denton wrote in a note to the staff on Thursday afternoon shortly after a bankruptcy judge approved the company’s sale to Univision. The fate of Gawker. com had been the subject of much speculation ever since the Hogan verdict. Still, it was an abrupt outcome after what had been a long period of uncertainty. “It was a culmination of a year of dread,” said John Cook, the executive editor of Gawker Media. “Through a year of just utter constant trauma and assault, it was the thing that I was trying to prevent  —   it was the thing that we were all trying to keep from happening. ” Gawker. com’s archives will remain online, but after Monday it will not publish new material, Mr. Denton wrote in his note. As for Mr. Denton, he said he would “move on to other projects,” but provided few clues as to what those were except to say they would be “out of the news and gossip business. ” Before the bankruptcy hearing, Mr. Denton gathered the staff of Gawker. com in a windowless conference room at Gawker’s offices to tell them the site would stop publishing. “I’m not going to say we lost, but Peter Thiel achieved his objective,” Mr. Denton said, according to a person at the meeting. Founded in 2003 as one of Gawker Media’s first two blogs, Gawker. com initially covered news and gossip about New York media and society. The site was considered by many as an incubator of talent, and its journalists have gone on to work at places like The New Yorker and New York magazine. Mr. Denton, a former financial journalist, was known for saying that journalists shared the most interesting stories they knew not in their articles but with each other at the bar after work. Gawker. com, perhaps more than any other site, reflected an attempt to change that. Its articles could be at turns witty and caustic, humorous and weighty. Mr. Denton often said that if something was interesting, it was news. But the site also attracted criticism for publishing articles that detractors said were in bad taste. Last summer, an article about a married male media executive who sought to hire a gay escort was published and then removed. The article drew widespread condemnation, and its removal led to the resignation of two top editors. In the aftermath, Mr. Denton vowed to make Gawker nicer, and the site shifted its focus to politics. Gawker Media’s portfolio of sites also includes the technology site Gizmodo the sports site Deadspin and Jezebel, a site aimed at women. The news that Gawker. com was shutting down was met with an outpouring of both relief and grief on social media. A number of journalists and news organizations tweeted and published articles that read like eulogies. “The loss of @Gawker is huge  terrible,” Glenn Greenwald, the journalist, wrote on Twitter. “Most people disagreeing don’t read it. ” The site’s demise could also reignite the debate about press freedom and whether anyone with an agenda and deep enough pockets should be able to sink a news organization. No layoffs were planned in connection with the shutdown, and journalists had been assured they would be offered jobs elsewhere at the company. But the shuttering of Gawker. com nevertheless represents a victory for Mr. Thiel, whose fight with the company began in 2007, when Valleywag, one of Gawker Media’s   blogs, published an article saying he was gay. “Since cruelty and recklessness were intrinsic parts of Gawker’s business model, it seemed only a matter of time before they would try to pretend that journalism justified the very worst,” Mr. Thiel wrote in an   for The New York Times published this week. At Gawker Media’s offices, the mood on Thursday afternoon was sad but also angry and defeated. A goodbye party planned for two journalists was turning into a goodbye party for Gawker. “I think that people are going to find that they miss Gawker, even the people who hated Gawker,” said Hamilton Nolan, a writer for Gawker who has worked there for eight years. In his note, Mr. Denton said the company had been unable to find a buyer for the site. But while his words were somewhat wistful, he also provided a hint of optimism. “Gawker. com,” he wrote, “may, like Spy Magazine in its day, have a second act. ”",0
15478,Teachers Strike Allowing Children To Sample The Kind Of Free Time They’ll Have On The Dole,"0 Add Comment 
WITH 400 schools shut and 200,000 students not attending lessons, striking teachers have provided children with an insight into what their life will be like on the dole after they leave school. 
“It obviously wasn’t the ASTI’s intention, but it’s an interesting lesson for my three lads, sitting around on the couch, bored out of their holes thinking ‘is this it? Is this all I can do?’ That’s basically the dole like. Things being largely out of your control. Good to get training in early,” shared concerned parent Olwyn Nelligan. 
As youth unemployment remains worryingly high in Ireland at over 15%, teachers striking for better pay have inadvertently given their students a window into what life will be like post-second level education for many of them as despite being keen to learn and further themselves all they have is free time on their hands. 
“Teachers are striking for better pay, and if they were granted it, it would could serve as a way for the government to show it cares about education standards in Ireland and those who provide it,” explained one teacher on strike, pleading with the government to show the education sector the respect it deserves. 
A government spokesman did respond when we put the teacher’s concerns to them earlier today. 
“We. Don’t. Care. I thought that was pretty obvious. Have you not being paying attention to our policies for the last few years at all?” the spokesman responded. 
“Having said that teachers are the rock bed of the foundation of the first steps of a child’s life, blah, blah, blah,” the spokesman added. 
The government refused to comment on ongoing funding concerns with several IT colleges, or lengthy waiting lists for third level students wishing to access counselling services. 
Some 99% of the country was backing the ASTI’s bid to be paid for supervision work until they learned it may require an increase in their taxes in order to fund it.",0
15479,ROBOPOCALYPSE: The Coming Leftist Panic on The Robot Economy - Breitbart,"“They’re taking our jobs! They’re taking our jobs! ”[Once used by South Park to mock conservative critics of mass immigration, these lines may soon be applied to the left, as a new progressive panic over the robot economy now appears to be well underway.  Fears over the rise of the robots have existed for decades, of course. But the left has recently kicked things up a notch. Bill Gates, the billionaire progressive and founder of Microsoft, caused a stir in tech circles last month by suggesting that robots ought to be taxed in order to compensate for human job losses. This followed a similar robot taxation proposal made by   policymakers in the European Parliament. Calls for a robot tax comes as the pace of change begins to accelerate. Last week, we reported on “flippy,” a   robot that has replaced human fast food workers at a restaurant in California. The next day, news emerged of a new startup using robots to deliver takeout food in Washington D. C. You may have thought the automation of fast food would end at ordering kiosks, but now robots will cook your food and deliver it too. They won’t ask for minimum wage increases either! The oncoming political panic should be concerning to Republicans, especially Republicans who consider themselves allies of the Trump insurgency. Donald Trump took the Rust Belt by promising to protect jobs from overzealous free trade policies and mass immigration. There was no need to mention robots, because robots were not yet a serious threat to human jobs. That may not be the case in 2020. Even if robots are not a significant threat to human jobs, Democrats have every interest in owning this issue. They lost the working class because their neoliberal “New Democrat” element prevented them from seriously addressing that constituency’s concerns. They couldn’t attack free trade and the outflow of jobs from America without attacking themselves as Hillary Clinton’s private speeches extolling the virtues of a “borderless world with open trade and open borders” attest to, the party establishment was thoroughly globalist. If Democrats wish to claw back their lost   support, stoking fears over the robot economy is an attractive option. It is easy, perhaps easier, to present robots in the public imagination as a greater threat to jobs than free trade or immigration. Moreover, there would be virtually no electoral blowback from such a strategy. Robots, unlike Mexicans, do not vote. If the left wish to exploit the panic over robots for political purposes, they won’t have to look very far. Already, alarmism is everywhere: in the same month Bill Gates called for a robot tax, Elon Musk suggested that humans would have to become cyborgs to avoid going obsolete. A few weeks later, The Guardian went full doomsday, publishing claims that an obsolete working class would be subject to a “genocidal war of the rich against the poor. ” Even if they don’t go as far as   genocide, predictions that robots will make humans obsolete are increasingly common. Historian Yuval Noah Harari, in his latest book, predicts the rise of a “useless class” of humans in the near future. Bestselling author and futurist Martin Ford predicts a   revolt against the robot economy. Moshe Vardi, professor of Computer Science at Rice University, predicts unemployment rates of 50 per cent or more. These predictions could all be wildly inaccurate, of course. Predicting the future, whether it’s climate patterns, election results, or the future of technology, is a notoriously tricky task and frequently leaves   “experts” embarrassed. But the public’s fear of robots shouldn’t be underestimated a recent poll in Australia found that 16 per cent of respondents believed their job would be automated out of existence within five years. That number is likely to grow, especially if the left decide that protecting workers from robots should be the next great political crusade. And why wouldn’t they? The proposed solutions for   unemployment are things that the left already favoured. Gates and European leftwingers want a robot tax. Economics professor Noah Smith suggests redistribution of wealth from the robot economy. Martin Ford  —   the same author who predicts a worker’s uprising against robots  —   thinks a guaranteed basic income is the answer. These are all very   ideas. For conservatives who want to understand what’s going on, there is an obvious parallel: global warming. Regardless of one’s opinions on the science of that topic, a very familiar pattern is emerging. First, there is the prediction of a coming apocalypse, endorsed by a consensus of experts, which feeds a smouldering public fear of what lies ahead. Then come the proposed solutions: taxation, redistribution, government intervention, and a radical overhaul of the economy. The picture could not be more tempting for the left. Protecting workers from the robopocalypse offers them an opportunity to roll back Trump’s gains among their former   supporters. Sufficient public panic would also create pressure to implement many of the redistributive,   policies they’ve always wanted. Last but not least, demonizing robots allows the left to assuage their guilt over abandoning the working class without conceding any ground to the Trumpist right on free trade or immigration. How are conservatives to respond to this? They won’t have much difficulty casting doubt on some of the more alarmist predictions of the left, i. e genocidal wars, but it’ll be hard to persuade people that robots aren’t replacing their jobs when virtually every McDonalds in the country now has an array of touchscreen waiters. One point that conservatives should repeatedly emphasize is that progressive policies are making    jobs less viable. A   robot may be expensive, but is it more expensive than a mandatory $15 minimum wage? As noted above, at least one California burger joint doesn’t think so. It must also be acknowledged that, left unchecked, globalist billionaires will certainly try to reap the profits of the robot economy while screwing over the little guy. As always, big government is likely to be their ally in this, not their enemy. As regulations on the robot economy increase, the cost of entry into the market for smaller players is likely to increase in tandem. Savvy conservatives will articulate this, and keep the focus on the fat cats who would benefit from such an arrangement. Or, to put it another way: the Republican of 2012 rails against the minimum wage, and loses. The Republican of 2016 rails against the minimum wage and globalist billionaires, and wins. The only way to really counter the growing panic over robots, of course, is to put an end to the idea that human labour is going to become obsolete. To do this, we have to look to history: every   technological advance in history has resulted in the emergence of new industries, because although the advances eliminate jobs, the “eliminated” workers are then free to do other things. You can explain this in more concrete terms. The money saved by the California burger chain employing “flippy” can be invested elsewhere  —   in say, cancer research, or colonizing Mars. That investment creates new jobs in those sectors. And if a robot replaces those jobs too? That frees up investment to open a new theatre or museum or art studio. The idea of   becoming artists and cancer researchers sounds  . After all, art and science are prestige professions. But to a   peasant toiling in a cold field, the job of a cook must have seemed like a prestige profession, reserved for just a few favoured servants of the local nobleman. The fact that   is now seen as a lowly profession is because the real lowly professions have been eliminated by technology. Similarly, occupations we currently see as prestigious, like science and space exploration, may in the future become common. That sounds great, of course, but it’s still a difficult message to sell to the people whose jobs are at risk. In 2016, Democrats tried to convince   workers that the destruction of their industries would be followed by a promised land of   green jobs. Those promises fell on deaf ears  —   partly because they were false, but also because the message implicitly admitted that Democrats would do nothing to prevent the disappearance of existing jobs. Again and again throughout history, there have been panics that new technology will make entire classes of people obsolete. The English Luddites who smashed mechanical looms in the 18th century did so because they believed the looms were putting them out of jobs. They weren’t wrong, but they failed to understand that that new jobs would inevitably open up elsewhere. However, for the   who is about to lose his job to a robot right now, that’s a difficult case to make. That’s probably why panics and backlash have accompanied virtually every major technological advance in the past two centuries. Humans just aren’t very good at learning from history. Perhaps we should get a robot to do it for us? You can follow Allum Bokhari on Twitter and add him on Facebook. Email tips and suggestions to abokhari@breitbart. com.",0
15480,Why Do Obese Patients Get Worse Care? Many Doctors Don’t See Past the Fat - The New York Times,"You must lose weight, a doctor told Sarah Bramblette, advising a     diet. But Ms. Bramblette had a basic question: How much do I weigh? The doctor’s scale went up to 350 pounds, and she was heavier than that. If she did not know the number, how would she know if the diet was working? The doctor had no answer. So Ms. Bramblette, 39, who lived in Ohio at the time, resorted to a solution that made her burn with shame. She drove to a nearby junkyard that had a scale that could weigh her. She was 502 pounds. One in three Americans is obese, a rate that has been steadily growing for more than two decades, but the health care system  —   in its attitudes, equipment and common practices  —   is ill prepared, and its practitioners are often unwilling, to treat the rising population of fat patients. The difficulties range from scales and scanners, like M. R. I. machines that are not built big enough for very heavy people, to surgeons who categorically refuse to give knee or hip replacements to the obese, to drug doses that have not been calibrated for obese patients. The situation is particularly thorny for the more than 15 million Americans who have extreme obesity  —   a body mass index of 40 or higher  —   and face a wide range of health concerns. Part of the problem, both patients and doctors say, is a reluctance to look beyond a fat person’s weight. Patty Nece, 58, of Alexandria, Va. went to an orthopedist because her hip was aching. She had lost nearly 70 pounds and, although she still had a way to go, was feeling good about herself. Until she saw the doctor. “He came to the door of the exam room, and I started to tell him my symptoms,” Ms. Nece said. “He said: ‘Let me cut to the chase. You need to lose weight. ’” The doctor, she said, never examined her. But he made a diagnosis, “obesity pain,” and relayed it to her internist. In fact, she later learned, she had progressive scoliosis, a condition not caused by obesity. Dr. Louis J. Aronne, an obesity specialist at Weill Cornell Medicine, helped found the American Board of Obesity Medicine to address this sort of issue. The goal is to help doctors learn how to treat obesity and serve as a resource for patients seeking doctors who can look past their weight when they have a medical problem. Dr. Aronne says patients recount stories like Ms. Nece’s to him all the time. “Our patients say: ‘Nobody has ever treated me like I have a serious problem. They blow it off and tell me to go to Weight Watchers,’” Dr. Aronne said. “Physicians need better education, and they need a different attitude toward people who have obesity,” he said. “They need to recognize that this is a disease like diabetes or any other disease they are treating people for. ” The issues facing obese people follow them through the medical system, starting with the physical exam. Research has shown that doctors may spend less time with obese patients and fail to refer them for diagnostic tests. One study asked 122 primary care doctors affiliated with one of three hospitals within the Texas Medical Center in Houston about their attitudes toward obese patients. The doctors “reported that seeing patients was a greater waste of their time the heavier that they were, that physicians would like their jobs less as their patients increased in size, that heavier patients were viewed to be more annoying, and that physicians felt less patience the heavier the patient was,” the researchers wrote. Other times, doctors may be unwittingly influenced by unfounded assumptions, attributing symptoms like shortness of breath to the person’s weight without investigating other likely causes. That happened to a patient who eventually went to see Dr. Scott Kahan, an obesity specialist at Georgetown University. The patient, a    woman, suddenly found it almost impossible to walk from her bedroom to her kitchen. Those few steps left her gasping for breath. Frightened, she went to a local urgent care center, where the doctor said she had a lot of weight pressing on her lungs. The only thing wrong with her, the doctor said, was that she was fat. “I started to cry,” said the woman, who asked not to be named to protect her privacy. “I said: ‘I don’t have a sudden weight pressing on my lungs. I’m really scared. I’m not able to breathe. ’” “That’s the problem with obesity,” she said the doctor told her. “Have you ever considered going on a diet?” It turned out that the woman had several small blood clots in her lungs, a   condition, Dr. Kahan said. For many, the next step in a diagnosis involves a scan, like a CT or M. R. I. But many extremely heavy people cannot fit in the scanners, which, depending on the model, typically have weight limits of 350 to 450 pounds. Scanners that can handle very heavy people are manufactured, but one national survey found that at least 90 percent of emergency rooms did not have them. Even four in five community hospitals that were deemed bariatric surgery centers of excellence lacked scanners that could handle very heavy people. Yet CT or M. R. I. imaging is needed to evaluate patients with a variety of ailments, including trauma, acute abdominal pain, lung blood clots and strokes. When an obese patient cannot fit in a scanner, doctors may just give up. Some use   to scan, hoping for the best. Others resort to more extreme measures. Dr. Kahan said another doctor had sent one of his patients to a zoo for a scan. She was so humiliated that she declined requests for an interview. Problems do not end with a diagnosis. With treatments, uncertainties continue to abound. In cancer, for example, obese patients tend to have worse outcomes and a higher risk of death  —   a difference that holds for every type of cancer. The disease of obesity might exacerbate cancer, said Dr. Clifford Hudis, the chief executive officer of the American Society of Clinical Oncology. But, he added, another reason for poor outcomes in obese cancer patients is almost certainly that medical care is compromised. Drug doses are usually based on standard body sizes or surface areas. The definition of a standard size, Dr. Hudis said, is often based on data involving people from decades ago, when the average person was thinner. For fat people, that might lead to underdosing for some drugs, but it is hard to know without studying specific drug effects in heavier people, and such studies are generally not done. Without that data, if someone does not respond to a cancer drug, it is impossible to know whether the dose was wrong or the patient’s tumor was just resisting the drug. One of the most frequent medical problems in obese patients is arthritis of the hip or knee. It is so common, in fact, that most patients arriving at orthopedists’ offices in agonizing pain from hip or knee arthritis are obese. But many orthopedists will not offer surgery unless the patients first lose weight, said Dr. Adolph J. Yates Jr. an orthopedics professor at the University of Pittsburgh School of Medicine. “There are offices that will screen by phone,” Dr. Yates said. “They will ask for weight and height and tell patients before they see them that they can’t help them. ” But how well grounded are those weight limits? “There is a perception among some surgeons that it is more difficult, and certainly some felt it was an added risk,” to operate on very obese people, Dr. Yates said. He was a member of a committee that reviewed the risks and benefits of joint replacement in obese patients for the American Association of Hip and Knee Surgeons. The group concluded that heavy patients should first be counseled to lose weight because a lower weight reduces stress on the joints and can alleviate pain without surgery. But there should not be blanket refusals to operate on fat people, the committee wrote. Those with a body mass index over 40  —   like a     woman weighing 250 pounds or a   man weighing 300  —   and who cannot lose weight should be informed that their risks are greater, but they should not be categorically dismissed, the group concluded. Dr. Yates said he had successfully operated on people with body mass indexes as high as 45. What is behind the refusals to operate, he said, is that doctors and hospitals have become   because they fear their ratings will fall if too many patients have complications. A lower score can mean reductions in reimbursements by Medicare. Poor results can also lead to penalties for hospitals and, eventually, doctors. A recent survey of more than 700 hip and knee surgeons confirmed Dr. Yates’s impressions.   percent said they used body mass index scores as cutoffs for requiring weight loss before offering surgery. But there was no consistency in the figures they picked. “The numbers were all over the map,” Dr. Yates said. And 42 percent who picked a body mass index cutoff said they had done so because they were worried about their performance score or that of their hospital. “It’s very common to pick an arbitrary B. M. I. number and say, ‘That is the number we won’t go above,’” Dr. Yates said. Yet a person with an index of, say, 41 might be healthy and active, he said, but in terrible pain from arthritis. A knee replacement could be life transforming. “It’s a   game, with everyone trying to have the   patient,” Dr. Yates said. “Patients who may be at a marginally higher risk may be treated as a class instead of individuals. That is the definition of discrimination. ” Surgery involves anesthesia, of course, giving rise to another issue. There are no requirements for drug makers to figure out appropriate doses for obese patients. Only a few medical experts, like Dr. Hendrikus Lemmens, a professor of anesthesiology at Stanford University, have tried to provide answers. His group looked at several drugs: propofol, which puts people to sleep before they get general anesthesia succinylcholine, used to relax muscles in the windpipe when a breathing tube must be inserted and anesthetic gases. Propofol doses, Dr. Lemmens found, should be based on lean body weight  —   the weight of the body minus its fat. Using total body weight, as is routine for   people, would result in an overdose for obese patients, he said. But succinylcholine doses should be based on total body weight, he determined, and the dosing of anesthetic gases is not significantly affected by obesity. As for regional anesthetics, he said, “There are very few data, but they probably should be dosed according to lean body weight. ” “Bad outcomes because of inappropriate dosing do occur,” said Dr. Lemmens, who added that 20 to 30 percent of all obese patients in intensive care after surgery were there because of anesthetic complications. Given the uncertainties about anesthetic doses for the obese, Dr. Lemmens said, he suspects that a significant number of them had inappropriate dosing. Yet for many fat people, the questions about appropriate medical care are beside the point because they stay away from doctors. “I have avoided going to a doctor at all,” said Sarai Walker, the author of “Dietland,” a novel. “That is very common with fat people. No matter what the problem is, the doctor will blame it on fat and will tell you to lose weight. ” “Do you think I don’t know I am fat?” she added.",0
15481,White House: ’Heinous’ Syria Chemical Attack a Result of Obama Admin’s ’Weakness and Irresolution’ - Breitbart,"WASHINGTON, D. C.  —   Press Secretary Sean Spicer issued a statement Tuesday on the chemical attack in Syria, condemning the “heinous actions” of Bashar   against innocent people and placing blame on the former Obama Administration for “weakness and irresolution. ”[Spicer read the statement to reporters in an   White House briefing:  Today’s chemical attack in Syria against innocent people, including women and children, is reprehensible and cannot be ignored by the civilized world. These heinous actions by the Bashar   regime are a consequence of the past administration’s weakness and irresolution. President Obama said in 2012 that he would establish a “red line” against the use of chemical weapons and then did nothing. The United States stands with our allies across the globe to condemn this intolerable act. The attack on northern Idlib province, Syria has so far killed 100 and injured 400, according to a Syrian relief organization cited by the Associated Press. Another report put the death toll at 57. An initial attack appears to have been followed with airstrikes on hospitals treating those injured by the first round of the attack. Humanitarian workers on the ground have reported that the wounds of those being treated and the bodies found lifeless later on suggest the bombs made use of sarin gas, a chemical weapon prohibited by international law. Both Syria and Russia have denied responsibility for the attacks. Asked about the Administration’s position on Syria in light of comments from the Secretary of State and the U. S. Ambassador to the United Nations, Spicer said, “I think we had opportunities in the past several years to look at regime change. I think those are fundamentally —  the landscape is fundamentally different than it is today. ” In 2013, an attack in the Ghouta region left nearly 1, 500 dead, more than 400 of which were children, and the U. S. attributed it to chemical weapons. The attack crossed the “red line” set by   Barack Obama, who had pledged to take action if the Syrian government used chemical weapons. Following the strike, the Obama administration accepted Assad’s claim that Syria had relinquished its chemical weapons arsenal, according to NPR. Speaking of President Donald Trump, Spicer said, “He is not here to telegraph what we’re gonna do. Rest assured that I think he has been speaking with his national security team this morning and will continue to have that discussion both internally with our national security team as well as with our allies around the globe. ” “There is not a fundamental option of regime change as there has been in the past,” he told reporters, offering instead, “What we need to do is fundamentally do what we can to empower the people of Syria to find a different way. ” Asked about the timing of the attack, Spicer replied, “I think the idea that someone would use chemical weapons on their own people, including women and children, is not something that any civilized nation should sit back and accept or tolerate and I think that is what we’re making very clear today. ” Asked about any potential for Russian involvement, Spicer referred the reporter to the statement, which does not mention Russia, and his confidence in it. He reiterated that the President was briefed on the situation in Syria “extensively this morning by his national security team. ” “We did have alternatives to regime change and they weren’t taken,” Spicer said in response to a question regarding Obama’s “red line. ” Follow Michelle Moons on Twitter @MichelleDiana ",0
15482,"At Golden Globes Afterparties, Stars Applaud Meryl Streep - The New York Times","At the Golden Globes afterparties, hoi polloi who aren’t invited to the ceremony descend by the thousands on the Beverly Hilton to whoop it up and stalk celebrities. Hosts of this year’s Hilton parties  —   held in ballrooms and massive tents around its compound  —   included HBO, the Weinstein Company, Fox, NBCUniversal, Netflix, Amazon, Warner Bros. and InStyle. The biggest stars often skipped those parties altogether, and instead beelined to the exclusive talent agency fests, held at the Sunset Tower Hotel and the Chateau Marmont. Confined to the Hilton, the Bagger joined the star stalkers herself, seeking answers to the burning question: What did celebrities think of Meryl Streep’s speech? (For a general idea, click here). The Bagger first cornered the preternaturally glamorous Joan Collins, as the British actress was carefully ascending a small flight of stairs at the Fox party. “I think she is one of the greatest actresses of a generation,” Ms. Collins said of Ms. Streep. “She has the right to say whatever she wants. And I think if you look at people’s faces in the audience, people went along with her. ” At the HBO party, Eddie Redmayne said he found Ms. Streep’s speech “incredibly emotional,” but was so distracted by her presence in the audience while presenting the award for best musical or comedy that he almost forgot to read the nominees. He wouldn’t say whether he thought Hollywood should take a page from Ms. Streep and speak out politically. The Bagger nabbed Bryan Cranston at the HBO party, too. Mr. Cranston, who has spoofed a Donald J. Trump presidency on “Saturday Night Live,” got a little misty just speaking about Ms. Streep’s words. “She was able to deliver an important message that resonated with all of us, with grace and dignity and no vitriol or hyperbole,” he said, “It was just beautifully delivered, to convey the anxiety that we are feeling, and the concern. ” Vince Vaughn, who has supported Republican presidential candidates in the past, was chatting a few feet away, so the Bagger asked him, too. Did he think Ms. Streep’s speech was an example of how Hollywood should respond to the politics of our time? “I think people should say what they want to say, and what she said was beautiful,” Mr. Vaughn said. The Bagger’s eyes then fell on John Corbett, a. k. a. Aidan from “Sex and the City. ” Was Hollywood the platform to address politics? “A whole lot of ‘Apprentice’ watchers just elected the president of the United States,” Mr. Corbett said, breaking into a dazzler of a grin, “so I guess it is!” The night ended on a high note, with Kerry Washington, who was at the party with her husband, Nnamdi Asomugha, agreeing to weigh in. (“One question!” her manager told the Bagger.) Ms. Washington said she found Ms. Streep’s speech beautiful too, adding that in a democracy, there’s never a time when citizens, whatever their stripe, shouldn’t speak out. “I don’t think that people of Hollywood should be silenced because of what we do for a living,” Ms. Washington said. “I don’t think it’s important that she said what she said because she’s an actress. I think it’s important she said what she said because she’s a citizen. We all have a First Amendment right of free speech. ”",0
15483,Tips For Interacting With Celebrities - The Onion - America's Finest News Source,"Tips For Interacting With Celebrities Close INFOGRAPHIC November 10, 2016 As you introduce yourself, avoid making direct eye contact, as they may think you are challenging their alpha status and attack. Make casual small talk by providing a detailed description of the one other time you met a famous person. Instead of shoving your screenplay in their face, discreetly slip it into their purse. Don’t come across as too fawning. Temper any lavish praise of their work with an equal amount of constructive criticism. If they simply don’t seem willing to engage, respect their privacy and snap a few dozen pictures instead. 
Go behind the scenes of late night TV with Nightcap, an all-new comedy on Pop TV about a producer faced with the never-ending onslaught of celebrities and their A-list personalities. Share This Story: Sign up For The Onion's Newsletter 
Give your spam filter something to do. Daily Headlines ",0
15484,Comment on Your Ancestors Didn’t Sleep Like You – Are We Doing It Wrong? by 1A. The History and Future of Sleep:,"  In 2001, historian Roger Ekirch of Virginia Tech published a paper that included over 15 years of research. It cited an overwhelming amount of historical evidence which reveals that humans used to in fact sleep in two different chunks. ( 1 ) In 2005, he published a book titled “At Day’s Close: Night in Times Past,” which included more than 500 references to a disjointed sleeping pattern. It included diaries, medical books, literature and more taken from various sources ranging from Homer’s Odyssey all the way to modern tribes in Nigeria. “It’s not just the number of references – it is the way they refer to it, as if it was common knowledge.”– Ekirch ( source ) What Was Found In The Research Ekirch’s research found that we didn’t always sleep for an average of 8 hours straight. Instead, we would sleep in two shorter periods throughout the night. All sleep would occur within a 12 hour time frame that started with 3 or 4 hours of sleep, followed by being awake for 3 hours or so, and then sleeping again until the morning. There was also some research done in the early 1990’s by psychiatrist Thomas Wehr. He conducted an experiment where 14 people were put into complete darkness for 14 hours a day for an entire month. By the fourth week the participants had settled into a very distinct sleeping pattern: the same bimodal sleeping pattern that Ekirch described. The subjects slept for approximately 4 hours, woke for another few, and then went back to sleep until morning. ( 2 )   “Ekirch found that references to the first and second sleep started to disappear during the late 17th Century. This started among the urban upper classes in northern Europe and over the course of the next 200 years filtered down to the rest of Western society. By the 1920’s the idea of a first and second sleep had receded entirely from our social consciousness.” ( source ) Possible Reasons As To Why It Was Like This One reason could be that this type of segmented sleep is what really comes naturally to the human body. At least, that’s what Wehr’s experiment would suggest, but there are other theories. 
Historian Craig Koslofsky writes: “Associations with night before the 17th Century were not good. The night was a place populated by people of disrepute – criminals, prostitutes and drunks. Even the wealthy, who could afford candlelight, had better things to spend their money on. There was no prestige or social value associated with staying up all night.” (source) Things changed, however, in 1667 when Paris became the first city in the world to light its streets, and eventually throughout Europe staying up at night became the social norm. And then the industrial revolution happened: “People were becoming increasingly time-conscious and sensitive to efficiency, certainly before the 19th Century, but the industrial revolution intensified that attitude by leaps and bounds.” ( source ) Eventually, we got to the point where parents were forcing their children to sleep at a certain time, pushing them away from the segmented sleeping pattern that was more dominant. Many Sleeping Problems May Have Roots In The Human Body’s Natural Preference For Segmented Sleep Ekirch believes that many modern day sleeping problems have roots in the human body’s natural preference for segmented sleep. He believes that our historical sleeping patterns could be the reason why many people suffer from a condition called “sleep maintenance insomnia,” where individuals wake in the middle of the night and have trouble getting back to sleep. This type of condition first appeared at the end of the 19th century, at approximately the same time segmented sleep began to die off. “ For most of evolution we slept a certain way. Waking up during the night is part of normal human physiology . The idea that we must sleep in a consolidated block could be damaging, he says, if it makes people who wake up at night anxious, as this anxiety can itself prohibit sleep and is likely to seep into waking life too. ” – Psychologist Greg Jacobs ( source ) 
According to Russell Foster, a professor of circadian [body clock] neuroscience at Oxford: “ Many people wake up at night and panic. I tell them that what they are experiencing is a throwback to the bi-modal sleep pattern. But the majority of doctors still fail to acknowledge that a consolidated eight-hour sleep may be unnatural. Over 30% of the medical problems that doctors are faced with stem directly or indirectly from sleep. But sleep has been ignored in medical training and there are very few centers where sleep is studied .” ( source ) 
As far as what people did during this in-between time of wakefulness, Ekirch’s research suggests that they primarily used the time to meditate on their dreams, read, pray, or partake in spiritual practices. 
Related CE Articles :",0
15485,Trump and Brexit: Directed History Proceeds Apace?,"Trump and Brexit: Directed History Proceeds Apace? By Daily Bell Staff - November 09, 2016 
The American voters have Brexited, leaving behind their global dominance America has Brexited. It’s an imperfect comparison. The United States can’t leave itself. But on Wednesday, with the election of Donald Trump, it withdrew from a number of agreements it long ago entered, some more enduring than others. The American people have voted to leave behind the late 20th century consensus on free trade and open immigration. -SMH 
The populism versus globalism meme is in full effect today and given the thousands of references to it currently, it’s an honor to have been the first publication to have identified this particular element of propaganda as you can see here. 
We also predicted several times throughout the recent months that Donald Trump might win the election and then, as a populist, face a good deal of elite retribution. 
Infowars has an article today dealing with this, and we wrote about it again yesterday as you can see here. 
The difference between our interpretations and others is that we have a very difficult time believing that all of this is spontaneous. 
Of course, Trump’s victory has unfolded in a logical way, providing justifications for those who believe that any inference that we are watching a scripted even is just so much “conspiracy theory.” 
On the other hand, his victory immediately provides critics with opportunities to assert the benefits and superior moral value of globalism. 
More: 
The 1992 candidacy of Pat Buchanan was a bellwether for Trump, a call for “America First” paired with a move toward economic protectionism and closed borders. 
Buchanan lost his bid for the Republican nomination, and his ideas were muted, ignored. Not by everyone – not by the populists who carried his banner, who marched sometimes with the Republicans and sometimes with the Democrats and sometimes with third-party candidates like Ross Perot. 
But the GOP ignored them, and to a lesser extent, the Democrats as well. The parties agreed, more or less, and until tonight, they were comfortable in their agreement. 
The American people have likewise voted to leave behind the nation’s global dominance and its global partnerships. 
We can see in this excerpt the predictable references to populism and the characterization of the US’s current situation as one in which it is in the midst of repudiating its “global dominance and global partnerships.” 
This doesn’t seem right to us. It just seems like rhetoric but we are fairly convinced that the next four years will feature this rhetoric both in the US and in Britain – throughout the West, in fact. 
Again, we have a hard time believing it’s a coincidence. The idea from our point of view, as we have been stating over and over in the past few months, is that this rhetorical stance is the gateway to further elite, globalist consolidation. 
It may seem strange to make a statement that the elite forces of this world intend to “win” by losing. But everything we understand about their employment of the Hegelian dialectic gives us a sense that this is just what’s going on. 
Top banking elites functioning out of the City of London have never reigned overtly. They have always set up two opposing sides and then gradually steered the world in the direction they want it to go. 
That direction is toward a globalist empire. It is simply incontrovertible. The two world wars of the 20 th century were evidently manufactured – the internet shows us that – and after both wars gigantic leaps towards globalism occurred. 
After World War II, the UN was created along with the International Monetary Fund and the World Bank. The control of the Bank for International Settlements that runs central banking was updated. 
Now in Britain, Brexit is in force. And in the US Donald Trump has won. The “populists” are in power and we are given to understand this is a “peasant revolt” of the first magnitude. 
But history shows us in the past few hundred years that important societal processes are strictly controlled. At a lower level, perhaps, you can be “free.” But events at the highest level are not free. 
We simply cannot imagine that Trump made up`his mind to run for president and did so successfully as an independent candidate and without the silent acquiescence of those who remain in power behind the scenes. 
Maybe we’re wrong, but let us state for the record, as we often do, that the world’s power base is located among trillionaires in London who invented and control the world’s central banks. 
This group has been leading the way, worldwide, not for hundreds but probably for thousands of years, first in Sumer, then Babylon, then Egypt, then Rome, then Venice and finally in England where members intermarried with Royals. 
Since the Civil War, anyway, this group has been tightening its grip on a every sector of the US from education to the military to politics and industry. 
It has control in Europe too – and we would make the argument that at the very top, elites in Russia and China work together as well. This is one reason we continue to make arguments against the standard history of nuclear weapons. 
We think it is a kind of shared lie around the world that will eventually prove clearly that the global narrative is a manufactured one on many levels. 
To believe that this history – if you do believe it – has been turned upside down by a single election in the 21 st century is, for us, a bridge too far. 
As we predicted more than a decade ago, the Internet, like the Gutenberg Press before it, has made the elite’s secretive control impossible to sustain. They need another way of influencing events. 
The easiest way is to provoke a public argument over the merits of populism (versus globalism) and then to use directed history to ensure people get the message loud and clear that “populism” (read freedom and self-determination) doesn’t work. 
For this reason we continue to expect a variety of catastrophes to continue and deepen – mostly from an economic and military standpoint. 
We will also be surprised if Trump’s larger vision for the revitalization of the US is going to be especially successful. It will have to be discredited along with Brexit. 
It could be that Trump – and Hillary – are unaware of these trends. Not everything has to be a gigantic conspiracy at all levels. But one way or another, first Brexit and now Trump seem to be creating a kind of “directed history,” 
Conclusion: Add the sudden appearance of the populism vs. globalism meme and you have rhetoric married, sooner or later, to action. One or two of these elements would be coincidental. All three or not. These events seem arranged.",0
15486,"Hillary Clinton, the Most Corrupt Politician in History [Audio]","Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email. %d bloggers like this:",0
15487,10 money-saving tips,"Next Swipe left/right 10 money-saving tips Most of us could do with saving a bit of money, especially as Christmas draws near – luckily Michael Spicer has ten great tips to help make our bank accounts a little bit healthier.
1.",0
15488,Cop Arrested for Using Police Status to Rape Little Boys at Home for Abused Children,"Home / Badge Abuse / Cop Arrested for Using Police Status to Rape Little Boys at Home for Abused Children Cop Arrested for Using Police Status to Rape Little Boys at Home for Abused Children Matt Agorist November 3, 2016 2 Comments 
Santa Rosa County, FL — Florida Department of Law Enforcement (FDLE) Agent Charles Calvin McMullen was arrested this week after two 8-year-old boys came forward with allegations that the cop repeatedly sodomized and sexually abused them. 
According to police, the boys disclosed their information separately and did not know the other was coming forward. #BREAKING : #FDLE agent, Charles C. McMullen arrested, charged with sexual assault/battery on a victim younger than 12 y/o. #C3N #NWFL 
— WEAR ABC 3 (@weartv) November 2, 2016 
McMullen, who has been with the FDLE for five years, worked on cases with the Gulf Coast Kids House and the Santa Rosa Kids House, centers that advocate for abused children. 
McMullen’s position in law enforcement allowed him easy and trusted access to the children and he was able to repeatedly rape the young boys from the time they were only 7-years-old. 
The first boy came forward on October 28 to deputies with the Santa Rosa County Sheriff’s Office (SRCSO). After the 8-year-old reported McMullen had been touching him “downstairs on his private part” on a frequent basis, an investigation was launched which led to the other boy coming forward. 
According to a report from WEAR, 
The child said the abuse began when both children were 7-years-old. He said McMuMullen made them perform sex acts like sticking their fingers in his buttocks, putting their mouth on his penis. 
The victim also said McMullen put his penis in the other child’s buttocks at least four times, the last time being October 27. He also disclosed that McMullen made him touch the other victim’s penis. 
The first child’s interview detailing McMullen’s abuse mirrored the second child’s. He said some of it happened at McMullen’s home. 
The first victim said when he told McMullen he didn’t like to be touched that way, McMullen would stop. However, he’d make the second victim rub his penis. 
When McMullen was confronted by investigators, he reportedly began to cry and then denied touching the children sexually. 
One of the boys told police that the abuse went on for so long because he was afraid to come forward because McMullen told him not to tell anyone. 
He said McMullen told him this was “between you and me” and not to tell anybody because it would break up his relationship, according to the report. 
In July of this year, ABC 3 actually interviewed McMullen who was investigating a man for driving around town and exposing himself to little boys. 
“There was a residence in Milton that was sharing images and videos of child pornography through their social media platform,” said McMullen in July, likely admiring his fellow sicko. “Mr. Braswell indicated that he did have a sexual attraction towards children. And that he, in the past, had driven around neighborhoods in the Milton community and would expose himself to children as they would walk down the street,” McMullen said. 
Since his arrest, McMullen’s bond was set at $1.5 million. However, on Wednesday that amount was reduced to only $300,000. McMullen is currently still receiving his paycheck while on administrative leave. Matt Agorist is an honorably discharged veteran of the USMC and former intelligence operator directly tasked by the NSA. This prior experience gives him unique insight into the world of government corruption and the American police state. Agorist has been an independent journalist for over a decade and has been featured on mainstream networks around the world. Follow @MattAgorist on Twitter and now on Steemit Share",0
15489,Kellogg to Cut 250 from American Workforce - Breitbart,"As a long list of companies announce new initiatives to add jobs and enlarge investment in the U. S. economy in the coming age of Trump, Kellogg Co. is announcing that it intends to cut another 250 jobs in America. [The famed breakfast cereal company has confirmed recent reports that it intends to scale back its workforce, according to USA Today.  The move is intended to make the company more efficient and is to be “focused on eliminating work that doesn’t drive the highest returns. ” Kellogg was still trading on Wednesday near its   low, closing at $71. 98, which was five cents below its Tuesday closing. “The majority of the impacted employees work at our headquarters in Battle Creek, and changes are taking place across most functions in the organization,” the company told the media. “As you would expect from Kellogg, we’ll help our impacted people through these transitions, including offering severance benefits and outplacement services. ” Kellogg has manufacturing plants across the country as well as in 17 other countries. But the company’s profits have been slipping for several years, now, resulting in a cutting of several thousand jobs since 2014. Last November the company announced it was cutting up to seven percent in its international workforce, and that was even after the company cut jobs at its Tennessee Eggo plant in June. And in 2014 Kellogg closed down a plant in London, Ontario, Canada with a loss of about 500 jobs. The announcement of yet another round of job cuts comes after the company decided to cut its advertising with Breitbart News at the end of 2016, thereby snubbing Breitbart’s 45, 000, 000 readers. In November, Kellogg noted that Breitbart News’s conservative readers are not “aligned with our values as a company. ” While the decision by Kellogg to cease advertising made virtually no revenue impact on Breitbart. com. it did represent an escalation in the war by leftist companies like Target and Allstate against conservative customers whose values propelled Donald Trump into the White House. Follow Warner Todd Huston on Twitter @warnerthuston or email the author at igcolonel@hotmail. com.",0
15490,Un empleado de Pringles tropieza y acaba laminado y metido dentro de un tubo de cartón,Un empleado de Pringles tropieza y acaba laminado y metido dentro de un tubo de cartón EL MUNDO TODAY 24 HORAS El Mundo Today en tu buzón Tu Email 83 muertos y 20 heridos graves en la pesadilla de una señora ENTRE LOS FALLECIDOS SE ENCUENTRA UN SEÑOR QUE LLEVABA EL PENE FUERA Este sitio web utiliza cookies para analizar cómo es utilizado el sitio. Las cookies no te pueden identificar. Si continuas navegando supone la aceptación de la Política de Cookies. Estoy de acuerdo. Más info.,0
15491,Bannon’s Worldview: Dissecting the Message of ‘The Fourth Turning’ - The New York Times,"WASHINGTON  —   Stephen K. Bannon has great admiration for a provocative but disputed theory of history that argues that the United States is nearing a crisis that could be just as disruptive and catastrophic as the most seminal global turning points of the last 250 years. This prophecy, which is laid out in a 1997 book, “The Fourth Turning,” by two amateur historians, makes the case that world events unfold in predictable cycles of roughly 80 years each that can be divided into four chapters, or turnings: growth, maturation, entropy and destruction. Western societies have experienced the same patterns for centuries, the book argues, and they are as natural and necessary as spring, summer, fall and winter. Few books have been as central to the worldview of Mr. Bannon, a voracious reader who tends to see politics and policy in terms of their place in the broader arc of history. But what does the book tell us about how Mr. Bannon is approaching his job as President Trump’s chief strategist and what he sees in the country’s future? Here are some excerpts from the book, with explanations from The New York Times. The “Fourth Turning” authors, William Strauss and Neil Howe, started using that phrase before it became a pop culture buzzword courtesy of HBO’s “Game of Thrones. ” But, as the authors point out, some winters are mild. And sometimes they arrive late. The best thing to do, they say, is to prepare for what they wrote will be “America’s next rendezvous with destiny. ” In an interview with The Times, Mr. Bannon said, “Everything President Trump is doing  —   all of it  —   is to get ahead of or stop any potential crisis. ” But the magnitude of this crisis  —   and who is ultimately responsible for it  —   is an unknown that Mr. Trump can use to his political advantage. This helps explain Mr. Trump’s tendency to emphasize crime rates, terrorist attacks and weak border control. The rhythmic, seasonal nature of history that the authors identify foresees an inevitable period of decay and destruction that will tear down existing social and political institutions. Mr. Bannon has famously argued that the overreaching and ineffective federal government  —   “the administrative state,” as he calls it  —   needs to be dismantled. And Mr. Trump, he said, has just begun the process. As Mr. Howe said in an interview with The Times: “There has to be a period in which we tear down everything that is no longer functional. And if we don’t do that, it’s hard to ever renew anything. Forests need fires, and rivers need floods. These happen for a reason. ” One of the authors’ major arguments is that Western society  —   particularly American culture  —   has denied the significance of cyclical patterns in history in favor of the more palatable and   belief that humans are on an inexorable march toward improvement. They say this allows us to gloss over the flaws in human nature that allow for bad judgment  —   and bad leaders that drive societies into decline. Though he probably did not intentionally invoke Mr. Strauss and Mr. Howe, Mr. Trump was channeling their thesis when he often said during his campaign, “The American dream is dead. ” One of the scenarios the book puts forward is one in which leaders who emerge during a crisis can revive and rebuild dead institutions. Mr. Trump clearly saw himself as one of these when he said his goal would be to bring back the American dream. The authors envision a return to a more traditional, conservative social order as one outcome of a crisis. They also see the possibility of retribution and punishment for those who resist or refuse to comply with the new expectations for conformity. Mr. Trump’s “with us or against us” attitude raises questions about what kind of leader he would be in such a crisis  —   and what kind of loyalty his administration might demand.",0
15492,This is no time for unity -- Trump must be confronted with relentless protest,"November 9, 2016 
Calls for unity behind a Donald Trump administration are irresponsible, dangerous, and must be rejected. 
In her concession speech this morning, Hillary Clinton told a stunned nation the following: “Last night, I congratulated Donald Trump and offered to work with him on behalf of our country… I hope that he will be a successful president for all Americans.” 
“We owe him an open mind and the chance to lead,” she added. 
Many of Clinton’s most fervent supporters were rightly taken aback. After all, these words came from someone who only days earlier was denouncing Trump as a violent misogynist , a racist and Islamophobe, and a would-be dictator unfit to lead, too emotionally unstable to trusted with the country’s nuclear codes. Liberals who had seen in Clinton a last line of defense against the aggressive right were now witnessing her rebrand him as somehow worthy of the presidency. 
That Clinton would overlook Trump’s history of sexual assault may be no surprise, given her role in covering-up her own husband’s behavior. That she would overlook his blatant appeals to white nationalism and Islamophobia is similarly unsurprising given her own rhetoric about Black “superpredators” and hawkish interventionism in the Middle East. 
But still, this was a campaign consciously designed around stoking the fear that Trump was unlike any other candidate, an abnormally pernicious threat to women, people of color, and even democracy itself. The strategy failed spectacularly, and Clinton’s about-face was predictable if no less spectacular. 
Meanwhile, Trump was suddenly sounding presidential, insisting in his victory speech that “Now it’s time to bind the wounds of division… to come together as one united people.” Even his exuberant supporters, who had only an hour before been chanting “Lock her up!” must have been shocked to hear him insist that Clinton is owed “a major debt of gratitude for her service to our country.” 
For those who have long dismissed the two-party system as a farce, this shared rhetoric by the two candidates wouldn’t be surprising. In a phrase that has become the fodder for memes, superimposed over images of the smiling Clintons and Trumps or Michelle Obama hugging George W. Bush , the Italian Marxist Antonio Gramsci once argued that “The historical unity of the ruling classes is realized in the state.” 
But despite this unity among elites, Trump has mobilized and encouraged a ferociously white supremacist movement , and this base won’t go away quietly. 
When Clinton wishes him a “successful” presidency, what does this mean? Successfully building a wall along the southern border? Successfully rolling back what little protections exist for people of color, queer and trans people, and women? No, we wish no success for Trump. 
As Keeanga-Yamahtta Taylor, author of From #BlackLivesMatter to Black Liberation , put it this morning: “No, we don’t owe this monster an open mind… Trump deserves revulsion and relentless protest. After a year of calling this man a fascist and a unique evil, they tell us to unite and give him a chance… No one is interested in unifying with this garbage; we have to confront this racism and sexism in the streets and organize like we never have before.” 
Clinton is no ally of the left: her record of support for mass incarceration, neoliberalism, and brutal wars and coups abroad makes this perfectly clear. We don’t owe Trump “an open mind and a chance to lead.” We owe him nothing but our ferocious opposition in the streets, and that starts today. 

George Ciccariello-Maher is an organizer, radical political theorist, and professor at Drexel University. Follow him on Twitter @ciccmaher . ",0
15493,Trump Takes a Gamble in Cutting Programs His Base Relies On - The New York Times,"WASHINGTON  —   President Trump’s proposal on Thursday for deep cuts to the budgets of a broad part of the federal bureaucracy was billed as a   and necessary corrective to the growth of the government’s power. But even members of his own party questioned some of the cuts  —   and what was not being cut. The harshest criticism of Mr. Trump’s budget came from Democrats and liberal organizations. But in a city where many federal programs enjoy longstanding bipartisan support, some Republicans also assailed the president’s judgment. “While we have a responsibility to reduce our federal deficit, I am disappointed that many of the reductions and eliminations proposed in the president’s skinny budget are draconian, careless and counterproductive,” said Representative Harold Rogers, Republican of Kentucky and a former chairman of the House Appropriations Committee. “We will certainly review this budget proposal, but Congress ultimately has the power of the purse. ” The spending plan’s bottom line is roughly the same as in President Barack Obama’s last budget request, but it marks Mr. Trump’s first major attempt to dismantle what his aides dismissively call the “administrative state. ” The $1. 1 trillion spending plan envisions deep cuts to many government programs while leaving entitlement programs like Social Security untouched. It increases spending on the military and border security. Mr. Trump was elected on a promise to wage war against what he has frequently mocked as a bloated and ineffective federal work force, and he is betting that his first budget will help consolidate support by calling for a significant shift of resources away from established programs that aid the poor, the environment, foreigners and the arts. To those who object to deep cuts in those programs, Mick Mulvaney, the president’s budget director, had a blunt message on Thursday: What did you expect? He said that   programs had failed to help children in schools, that housing programs were “not well run,” that government health research had suffered “mission creep” and that grants to local communities “don’t do any good. ” Mr. Mulvaney waved aside questions about cuts to the United Nations, saying that they “should come as a surprise to no one who watched the campaign. ” And he said that the president made no apologies for eliminating the government’s efforts to curb climate change. “We’re not spending money on that anymore,” Mr. Mulvaney told reporters at the White House. “We consider that a waste of your money to go out and do that. ” The approach is a risky gamble for Mr. Trump, whose victory in November came in part by assembling a coalition that included   workers who rely on many of the programs that he now proposes to slash. For now, the president and his advisers appear willing to take that risk by casting the administration as better caretakers of taxpayers’ money. “We are trying to focus on both recipients of the money and the folks who give us the money in the first place,” Mr. Mulvaney said. If the president gets his way, funding for the environment, diplomacy, housing, health services and the arts will be cut 20 to 30 percent. In 19 cases, funding will be eliminated, including for the Appalachian Regional Commission, the Neighborhood Reinvestment Corporation and the Corporation for Public Broadcasting. Military spending would increase by $54 billion, a 10 percent rise, in 2018, in addition to a $30 billion increase in the current year. White House officials said steep cuts at the State Department and increases in the military budget would refocus the United States away from helping other nations, sending a message that Mr. Trump intends to make greater use of “hard power” around the globe. They also said the president’s budget would increase resources for military veterans. Military supporters praised Mr. Trump for beginning what they believe is a needed rebuilding of the armed forces, though several key lawmakers said that even his proposed increase would not be enough for a military that they say is too small and unprepared to meet modern threats. Conservatives hailed his vision as an antidote to decades of bureaucratic growth even as they predicted fierce resistance from the interest groups and lawmakers with deep links to the affected agencies and the beneficiaries of the programs that will see their budgets slashed. “That sound you hear from Washington, D. C. this morning is the weeping and gnashing of teeth from bureaucrats and politicians who have built the federal government into an industry on the backs of taxpayers,” said David McIntosh, the president of the Club for Growth, a conservative   advocacy group. Reaction to Mr. Trump’s budget proposal came in a flurry of angry statements on Thursday morning as various other groups began preparing their lobbying campaigns to block the president’s plan in Congress. Christine Owens, the executive director of the National Employment Law Project, called the proposed cuts to the Labor Department a “draconian” budget that “is virtually a complete breach of faith with America’s workers. ” Amnesty International called the cuts to foreign aid “shameful” and predicted “global consequences. ” The Union of Concerned Scientists said cuts to scientific programs were “antiquated ideas and misguided science, which will hurt our economy, kill jobs, make us less safe. ” The American Library Association said that eliminating federal funds for libraries was “counterproductive and shortsighted. ” Randi Weingarten, the president of the American Federation of Teachers, said, “This budget takes a meat cleaver to public education. ” Environmental activists criticized Mr. Trump’s priorities. Michael Brune, the executive director of the Sierra Club, said that “the only thing that matters in his America is corporate polluters’ profits and Wall Street billionaires. ” “If Trump refuses to be serious about protecting our health and climate, or our publicly owned lands, then Congress must act, do its job and reject this rigged budget,” Mr. Brune said. For Mr. Trump, the complaints from nearly all quarters may serve to amplify his image as an outsider who is not beholden to the special interests in Washington. That could help the White House pressure Republican lawmakers to embrace his vision for a spending plan. But the early reaction from members of his party on Capitol Hill was muted at best, reflecting in part the discomfort among many of the party’s leaders with a budget that makes no progress on tackling the growth of entitlements. Senator Rob Portman, Republican of Ohio, criticized Mr. Trump’s decision to cut $300 million from a program that aims to protect Lake Erie. “I have long championed this program,” Mr. Portman said, “and I’m committed to continuing to do everything I can to protect and preserve Lake Erie, including preserving this critical program and its funding. ” Speaker Paul D. Ryan, who has long asserted a need to overhaul entitlement programs as a means to fiscal discipline for the federal government, told reporters that he was “encouraged” by the proposed increases in military spending but said little else about the contents of the budget blueprint. Earlier in the day, Mr. Ryan issued a statement saying he was “determined to work with the administration to shrink the size of government, grow our economy, secure our borders and ensure our troops have the tools necessary to complete their missions. ” He did not address any of the proposed cuts. Senator Mike Lee, Republican of Utah, called Mr. Trump’s budget proposal “a solid step toward addressing the gross overspending that is driving our national debt. ” He said the president should be “commended” for making some tough calls. He did not pledge to support Mr. Trump’s spending plan, however, adding that he looked forward to working with his congressional colleagues “to craft and pass a balanced, fiscally sound budget in the coming months. ”",0
15494,Watch: Spicer Compares 2016 Election to Super Bowl LI - Breitbart,"Wednesday, White House press secretary Sean Spicer was asked to comment on Hillary Clinton saying she would have won the election had it been held on October 27 instead of November 8.  Spicer likened her comments to the New England Patriots’ comeback victory after being down   late in Super Bowl LI. “Well look, I’m a Patriots fan and I think if games ended in the third quarter, there would have been a different team here last week,” Spicer answered. “But you play a game four quarters and you play an election until election day, so with all due respect to her, that’s not how it works. You don’t get to pick the day the election is on. ” He added, “I think it’s somewhat sad that we’re still debating why the president won in the fashion that he did. ” Follow Trent Baker on Twitter @MagnifiTrent",0
15495,NATO pushing east amid mounting tensions with Moscow,"By wmw_admin on October 27, 2016 Tara Copp, John Vandiver — Stars and Stripes Oct 26, 2016 
NATO on Wednesday solidified plans for deploying combat-ready units to the alliance’s eastern edge, with several member states pledging troop contributions to round out a force of 4,000 soldiers to be spread across three Baltic nations and Poland. 
The deployments, set to begin in early 2017, are central to NATO’s effort to reinforce territory in a tense region where as allies were meeting Wednesday, Russian war ships were steaming into the Baltic Sea. 
“Close to our borders, Russia continues its assertive military posturing,” NATO Secretary General Jens Stoltenberg said at the start of talks among allies. “It is important and it is necessary that NATO responds when we see the substantial and significant military buildup of Russia over a long period of time.” 
Stoltenberg said NATO was monitoring the recent movement of Russian vessels into the Baltic Sea as it simultaneously eyes a Russian battle group patrolling toward the Mediterranean Sea. 
The meeting of NATO’s top defense officials is to put into action plans agreed to during the alliance’s July summit in Warsaw for the U.S., Canada, the United Kingdom and Germany to deploy a battalion each. Additional support will be needed from other countries. 
The U.S. will serve as the lead nation in Poland, where some troops from the Vilseck, Germany-based 2nd Cavalry Regiment will be positioned. 
“The United States will lead a battalion in Poland and deploy an entire battle-ready task force of approximately 900 soldiers from the 2nd Cavalry Regiment,” Defense Secretary Ash Carter told reporters in Brussels. 
The task force will include a headquarters element, three Strkyer-equipped maneuver companies and a mobile gun system, an artillery battery as well as anti-tank explosive ordnance disposal and engineer capabilities. 
Romania and the United Kingdom will provide companies to bolster the U.S.-led battalion in Poland, Carter said. 
The 2nd Cavalry Regiment will arrive in northeastern Poland by April. 
The battalion will be under the tactical control of a Polish brigade, which falls under the operational command of NATO’s top officer, Gen. Curtis M. Scaparrotti. 
“This is significant, and we are encouraging others to make the same kind of command and control arrangements with NATO,” Carter said. 
In addition, the Pentagon plans to rotate a U.S.-based armored brigade to Europe, along with the unit’s tanks and other fighting vehicles, in early 2017. The troops, from the 3rd Armored Brigade Combat Team, 4th Infantry Division, will rotate throughout the Baltics and Poland. 
Germany, Canada and the United Kingdom will serve as lead nations for multinational battalions heading for Lithuania, Latvia and Estonia. Some forces will begin moving into bases in the Baltics and Poland in January and are expected to become fully operational by June. U.K. Defense Minister Michael Fallon told The Wall Street Journal that British troops would be accompanied by tanks and drones. Countries agreeing Wednesday to augment the forces in the Baltics include Albania, Italy, Poland, Lithuania, Belgium, Croatia, France, Luxembourg, the Netherlands, Norway and Denmark. 
“Our forces will be truly multinational, sending an unmistakable message that NATO stands as one,” Stoltenberg said. “An attack on one ally is an attack on all.” 
NATO also is trying to configure a new force in the southeast, where Romania will host a multinational brigade with contributions from neighboring Bulgaria. The unit is intended to facilitate the flow of forces throughout the region, including U.S units that are conducting periodic training exercises on Romanian and Bulgarian firing ranges. 
That amounts to a “new land presence in NATO’s southeast,” said Doug Lute, U.S. ambassador to NATO, during a Tuesday news briefing. 
“Not yet fully completed are plans to also bolster air and sea presence in the southeast. Of course the sea presence here, we’re talking about presence in the Black Sea,” Lute said. 
However, the expansion south will involve troop commitments around the Black Sea region at land, air and sea from several nations, including the U.S., Canada, Germany, the Netherlands, Poland and Turkey, Stoltenberg said. 
The expansion of a continuous force presence into the Soviet Union’s old sphere of influence was prompted by Moscow’s 2014 intervention in Ukraine, which allies say altered the security landscape in Europe. NATO’s moves are designed to achieve two aims: reassure allies rattled by a more aggressive Russia and send a signal of military resolve to Moscow that alliance territory is off limits. 
While NATO has emphasized its moves are defensive in nature, Russia sees NATO’s push east to the edge of Russia’s borders as a threat and a provocation. 
Moscow has warned of countermeasures and earlier this month started moving nuclear-capable Iskander missiles into Kaliningrad, a Russian enclave on the Baltic Sea that is wedged between Lithuania and Poland. 
While Russia has deployed Iskander missiles to Kaliningrad before for exercises, U.S. officials say they are watching to see if the latest move is permanent or if there is any attempt to position nuclear weapons on site. That, Lute said, “would be a change in the security posture in a way that would not promote stability, but would rather continue to raise questions about instability.” 
Stars and Stripes reporter John Vandiver reported from Stuttgart, Germany.",0
15496,Hillary Clinton Has Brain Damage Confirmed by Abedin and Podesta,"
According to new Wikileaks emails recently released, Huma Abedin, who is Hillary’s main right hand and John Podesta her campaign manager, both confirmed that Hillary Clinton still has brain damage!!
It seems there’s still cause for concerns about Hillary’s health. Her concussion was cause for talk about her head and whether she was functioning normally.
In an email from April 2015 with the Wikileaks ID 29549 , her aide Huma Abedin said:
“She’s going to stick to notes a little closer this am. Still not perfect in her head. ”
See below:
Then there’s also another Wikileaks ID 27111 from John Podesta in September 2015 where he says:
“ How bad is her head? ”
Even if we ignore all the pay to play and other corruption scandals, though why would anyone ignore that? Are you people sure that this person is even psychically and physically fit to be the president?
Just yesterday while in Lake Worth Florida, Hillary Clinton needed HELP from her aide guy to climb a SINGLE STEP! She stopped in front of the step, raised her hand, turned her head over to see if the guy is there and waited to grab his hand. He immediately rushed towards her and helped her out. See for yourself:

Also, remember this scene from last month at 9/11 in New York where she completely collapsed? She was all frozen up, like a peace of wood, a plank or something. They just dragged her like a corpse:

Hundreds of top doctors came out and confirmed that she has brain damage and is not fit for office. Some were working for the leftist media and when they acknowledged her problems, they had their shows canceled.
",0
15497,"Bernie Sanders Rises In The Senate, Prepares To Become Trump’s WORST Nightmare (TWEETS) | Addicting Info | The Knowledge You Crave","on November 16, 2016 4:56 pm · 
It was just a few days ago that Bernie Sanders responded to Trump’s election win with the perfect message from Democrats. He said : 
“If Donald Trump takes people’s anger and turns it against Muslims, Hispanics, African Americans and women, we will be his worst nightmare.” 
And from what was just announced, it seems that Sanders has every intention of making good on that warning. Earlier today, the Vermont Senator was named chair of outreach during a closed-door Senate Democrat caucus meeting, according to The Hill . In his new role, Sanders will lead outreach to blue-collar voters — the very voters who became Trump supporters this year. Sanders will also be the ranking member on the Senate Budget Committee. Acknowledging that he has a “heavy responsibility to help shape the priorities of the United States government,” Sanders said: “I’m going to do everything that I can to make sure that the budget that leaves the United States Congress is a budget that represents the needs of working families and a shrinking middle class and not billionaires.” With the announcement of Sanders’ new position, Trump is definitely going to be a nervous wreck. He’s spent his entire presidential campaign claiming that he would help the working class, and now Sanders is in the position to challenge him and hold him to it for the next four years. By elevating Sanders to this new role, Democrats are moving to a more grassroots message, fully aware that Sanders’ presidential campaign and vision for America resonated with many voters. As we saw with Sanders’ popularity in the primaries, the Vermont Senator struck a nerve with workers and families, making him the perfect candidate to go up against Trump as he takes office. Sen. Debbie Stabenow (D-Mich.) commented on Sanders’ new responsibility: “We want to expand on that, and he will be reaching out to all our allies. We have a tremendous amount of talent in our caucus and we want to make sure everyone is contributing.” Sanders hardly needed this promotion to upset Trump, as he’s been one of the most outspoken politicians on Twitter since Trump’s win: Twitter Twitter Twitter 
However, Sanders’ new role is great news for our country, and we know he’s going to give Trump hell. 
Featured image via Zach Gibson and Alex Wong / Getty Images Share this Article! Author: Vera My passion is bringing attention to human rights and equality issues. In addition to writing for Addicting Info, I also run a website and digital magazine dedicated to social issues and promoting equality in all forms. Search ",0
15498,"Chart Of The Day: Automobile Demographics—Steadily Older Fleet, Fewer New Cars Needed","Chart Of The Day: Automobile Demographics---Steadily Older Fleet, Fewer New Cars Needed By David Stockman. Posted On Thursday, November 24th, 2016 
David Stockman's Contra Corner is the only place where mainstream delusions and cant about the Warfare State, the Bailout State, Bubble Finance and Beltway Banditry are ripped, refuted and rebuked. Subscribe now to receive David Stockman’s latest posts by email each day as well as his model portfolio, Lee Adler’s Daily Data Dive and David’s personally curated insights and analysis from leading contrarian thinkers.",0
15499,"Begging on Liberia’s Streets by Day, Heating Up Its Clubs by Night - The New York Times","MONROVIA, Liberia  —   Emmanuel Dongo, who spends his days begging on Monrovia’s streets, plunged with his crutches onto the concrete stage and into the glare of neon. He thrust his muscular shoulders forward, limp legs hanging behind him, and transformed himself into Lyrical D, rising rap artist. “Handicap man trying to survive, then you sitting there just to criticize, when that you, what thing you will really do?” he asked, snapping out the lyrics to a rapt crowd at Code 146, where Liberia’s aspiring rap stars come to make their names. “Will you close your mouth and turn your back on you? I feel too bad when I sitting in this wheelchair, just want to be walking like you, man. See me passing and you mocking at me telling me I not even look like human being. ” Putting down his crutches, Mr. Dongo leaned back into his wheelchair and propelled himself across the stage, dancing frenetically and spitting out angry rhymes about his experiences of discrimination in a society that largely views disability through the lens of superstition. Even though disabled victims of war are a common sight on Liberia’s city streets, handicapped people are often seen as cursed, their amputations or paralyzed limbs viewed as the result of witchcraft by the cruel and envious, or else as punishment for some wrongdoing. Music seems an unlikely career choice for a Liberian with Mr. Dongo’s many difficulties. But the proliferation of makeshift studios,   engineers and a distinct Liberian sound has given rise to a thriving music scene here, opening up space for emerging artists like Mr. Dongo. Aspiring artists can record songs for as little as $20 if the engineer likes them, or even free if they are a big enough name. That night at Code 146, the D. J. played the beat to Lyrical D’s latest club track. Onstage, Mr. Dongo swung back into his wheelchair and began to twist, turn and thump the chair’s front tire up and down. “Make some noise, party people, make some noise!” he shouted. The listeners in the audience responded, shaking their bodies and raising their arms in the air. Code 146 is owned and run by Jonathan Koffa, Monrovia’s most famous rapper. Known as  Takun J, Mr. Koffa is widely considered a pioneer of HipCo, Liberia’s articulation of rap that uses the nation’s unique patois as its base. His downtown club is hidden at the end of a dark alley. Its walls are lime green and covered with paintings of the city’s musical icons. Performances rarely start before 11 p. m. with music pumping through crackling speakers till the early hours. On the evening Mr. Dongo performed, his producer, Alhaji Yaits, 22, who goes by the name Young Master, sat nodding to the beat he had helped produce a week earlier. Mr. Yaits discovered Mr. Dongo, 27, on the streets of Monrovia three years ago and, in between other paying projects, has been helping him produce an album free of charge. Mr. Dongo’s wheelchair is regularly parked at the bottom of the steps leading to Mr. Yaits’s studio. Inside, the walls are decorated in   colors with the names of artists Mr. Yaits has worked with and a large picture of him presiding over a mixing board. Mr. Yaits, like Mr. Dongo, was inspired by Takun J and HipCo music, a sound born in Monrovia in the aftermath of Liberia’s civil war, which ended in 2003. HipCo is raw, gritty and deeply   in spirit. It throws punches at politicians and the Liberian elite, whom HipCo rappers accuse of plundering the country’s wealth and ignoring the poor. Dozens of artists like Mr. Dongo jockey for a chance to perform at Code 146’s weekly   sessions. In the early days of his career, Mr. Dongo was ridiculed when he performed at the street jams that regularly spring up across the city, but at Code 146 he was welcomed with open arms. Born in a rural area outside the capital, Mr. Dongo came into the world on the eve of a conflict that killed more than 250, 000 and displaced millions. His mother was never able to reach a clinic to have him vaccinated for polio, leaving Mr. Dongo with two withered legs. His uncle, a health worker, eventually brought Mr. Dongo to Monrovia but lost his job and was not able to support him. Instead, he sent Mr. Dongo to a grim   home for disabled people. Mr. Dongo lived there for over a decade before moving out on his own to pursue his dream of becoming a rap star. By day, Mr. Dongo sits on busy traffic islands and begs outside the shiny supermarkets that serve Liberia’s expatriates and elite, who drive around in ample S. U. V.s and live in plush   compounds protected by barbed wire. He uses most of the money to support his    son, who lives with Mr. Dongo’s mother. The rest of the money goes toward the fledgling music career he hopes will lift him out of poverty in a nation where opportunities for handicapped people simply do not exist. Just getting around Monrovia is tough for the disabled. Footpaths are rare, and when they exist, they are often a series of disjointed concrete panels that jut out like jagged teeth. Metal manholes are often stolen for scrap metal, leaving open holes in the middle of roads. Many of Monrovia’s main thoroughfares have been paved in recent years, though, and Mr. Dongo and other disabled people can often be seen gliding in their wheelchairs through city traffic, dodging cars in a country where road rules are rarely respected. Like many Monrovians, Mr. Dongo lives in a slum, called Clara Town, where he has to muscle his way through the narrow dusty pathways that run between the community’s zinc shacks. While largely independent, he often pays neighbors to fetch him water from the pump to bathe, to   his clothes and sometimes to cook. Mr. Dongo fantasizes about a future in which he no longer begs in order to survive or navigates potholed roads and back streets instead, he’s ferried around in a black S. U. V. accompanied by a bodyguard who pushes him past screaming fans to the stage. On the streets he feels embarrassed when those who know him as an artist see him begging. “I know that sitting on the street begging I belittle myself,” Mr. Dongo said. “But when I perform onstage, I feel good because I know that my dream is working and people go wild for me. ” As Lyrical D finished his short set at Code 146, Mr. Koffa stood behind the bar, a quietly commanding presence. His bare, muscular arms were tattooed with maps of Liberia and tributes to HipCo. At the end of the performance, Mr. Koffa told Lyrical D that he liked his new track and shook his hand. Several days later, Mr. Dongo was out on the street filming a video for his song “Show Love. ” A director told Mr. Dongo where to position himself as workers shooed people away from the shot. A friend played the song through a mobile phone plugged into a boom box, and Mr. Dongo began to sing. He was accompanied by two friends dressed in matching    striped   and jeans: his backup dancers, twirling in wheelchairs. Mr. Dongo furrowed his brow and performed small stunts with his chair. “I can remember when I used to go on show, people used to laugh,” he sang. “But I keep pushing, no fun, keep pushing, no fun, keep pushing, I not give up. ”",0
15500,Packer to lose more money as Carey wants back-out fee,"Saturday, 12 November 2016 Pundits are surprised Packer and Carey Split - after all they had such a good body image match 
Packers luck is going from bad to worse, just after his dodgy Whale Hunting got all his Chinese staff arrested now Carey has dumped him and is demanding $50M for a Back-out relocation fee. 
Huge controversy surrounds who is the dumper and who is the dumpee and Emperor OctoTrumpus has vowed to put the full weight of his administration into big issues like this. 
""I have the greatest respect for women of any man in the world"", he was quoted as saying and ""would put several of his personal security agencies like the NSA, CIA and FBI onto the case with the highest urgency"". 
Womens movements are stunned claiming his presidential election campaign was the most denigrating display against women recorded in the annals of US public governance, though they did award Bill Clinton a special mention. 
Apparently the pre-nup agreement ran into 346 pages with some weird clauses like not showing her breasts unless he authorised the outing. 
Her claim of $50M as a relocation fee will be hotly contested through the courts his lawyer said Make Jung in the Jungle's day - give this story five thumbs-up (there's no need to register , the thumbs are just down there!)",0
15501,PressTV-Sanders to Trump: Don’t target minorities,"Politics US Senator Bernie Sanders 
Former US Democratic presidential candidate Bernie Sanders has threatened President-elect Donald Trump, warning that his camp will be Trump’s “worst nightmare” if he goes after minorities in America. 
""If Donald Trump takes people's anger and turns it against Muslims, Hispanics, African Americans and women, we will be his worst nightmare,"" the Vermont senator wrote on his Twitter page on Thursday. 
The 74-year-old senator had earlier issued a statement after the New York businessman’s victory in the US election on November 8, promising to work with him on certain issues but also to oppose him should he pursue divisive and discriminatory policies. 
“To the degree that Mr. Trump is serious about pursuing policies that improve the lives of working families in this country, I and other progressives are prepared to work with him,” Sanders said. 
“To the degree that he pursues racist, sexist, xenophobic and anti-environment policies, we will vigorously oppose him,” he added. 
During the primaries, Sanders ran a close race with Clinton and promised to continue the fight all the way until the Democratic National Convention in June, where the party’s nominee was going to be named. 
Towards the end of the race, however, Sanders changed his tone and bowed out in favor of Clinton. He also appeared next to her during the DNC and supported his party opponent in the Democratic campaigns. 
On July 12, 2016, Sanders formally endorsed Clinton after facing mounting pressure from major Democratic figures, including outgoing US President Barack Obama himself. US Republican president-elect Donald Trump delivers his acceptance speech during his election night event at the New York Hilton Midtown in the early morning hours of November 9, 2016 in New York City. (Photo by AFP) 
On Tuesday, Trump stunned the world by defeating heavily favored Clinton in the presidential election, sending the United States on a new, uncertain path. 
Trump rode a wave of anger toward the elite US establishment to win the White House race against Clinton, a longtime Washington insider. 
The New York businessman garnered 290 electoral votes in the 2016 US election, while his rival and the former secretary of state received 232 votes despite winning the popular vote. 
Thousands of people since then have rallied in cities across the US to protest against Trump's presidential election victory, condemning his controversial campaign rhetoric against Muslims, immigrants, women and other groups. 
This is while Trump said in his victory speech he would be president for all Americans. ""It is time for us to come together as one united people,” he said. 
The real estate mogul's election campaign had been marred by his disparaging remarks against minorities in the US. His comments include a call to ban all Muslims from coming to America as well as stopping Mexican migrants by building a long wall along the US-Mexico border. 
He has also sought for a database to track Muslims across the United States and said that the US would have ""absolutely no choice"" but to close down mosques. 
Trump’s proposal was widely condemned by Muslim and human rights groups as well as his Democratic rivals and many of his Republican proponents who describe the proposal as divisive, counterproductive and contrary to American values. Loading ... ",0
15502,"Unbrexit! Parliament must vote on triggering article 50: the 9 funniest, most ironic reactions","Next Prev Swipe left/right Unbrexit! Parliament must vote on triggering article 50: the 9 funniest, most ironic reactions 
Britain has exploded today the news that the Government must offer Parliament a vote on invoking Article 50. 
Here’s the BEST 9 tweets, the ones most gleefully relishing the change in fortune. 
1 So, next steps for #Brexit and #Article50 could be a UK Government appeal to the European Court of Justice. How hilarious would that be. 
— James Doman-Pipe (@james_mdp) November 3, 2016 
2 With this Article 50 ruling, I can see a real path back to our previous position as the graceless arrogant begrudging arseholes of the EU 
— Jon Blyth (@disappointment) November 3, 2016 
3 Glad to hear the Brexit saga has been resolved comprehensively to the satisfaction of all parties, and we won't be hearing any more about it 
— Dai Lama (@WelshDalaiLama) November 3, 2016 
4 The High Court has upheld Parliamentary sovereignty over Brexit vote, in a move so ironic it threatens to destroy the fabric of spacetime. 
— Unnamed Insider (@Unnamedinsider) November 3, 2016 
5 Brexit means Brexit but also not Brexit but kind of Brexit but that Brexit maybe this Brexit but with a hint of Brexit 
— TechnicallyRon (@TechnicallyRon) November 3, 2016 
6 Someone please publish an article explaining today's Article 50 decision that just says ""Article 50 decision is Article 50 decision"". 
— reluctant ex baby (@mutablejoe) November 3, 2016 
7 If there is a civil war do the remainers get to have the rest of europe on our side? 
— Richard K Herring (@Herring1967) November 3, 2016 
8 
— James Herring (@itsjamesherring) November 3, 2016 
9 Sneak peek at tomorrow's Daily Mail front page. They don't seem to be taking #unbrexit very well. pic.twitter.com/nQbDf1iNbZ 
— The Poke (@ThePoke) November 3, 2016 
And our favourite was UKIP party spokesperson Suzanne Evans frothing with, “How dare these activist judges attempt to overturn our will? It’s a power grab & undermines democracy. Time we had the right to sack them.” 
Activist judges? Amazing. Those activist judges occupying democracy with their hippy laws.",0
15503,Trump Wrote A Book About Sexually Assaulting Women And Casual Racism,"Comments 
As it happens Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump has written a book other than “The Art Of The Deal” and in true Trumponian fashion, it is a fiction novel titled “ Trump Tower “that should more likely be classified as smut. 
Trump described the book as “ The sexist novel of the decade” and was originally billed as, “ The debut novel from ‘New York Times’-bestselling author, international business mogul, television superstar, and New York City icon, Donald J. Trump.” 
“Trump Tower” was a magnificent flop and Trump, staying true to his penchant for not admitting obvious failure, removed his name from the book in its second iteration and gave all credit to ghostwriter Jeffrey Robinson. However, as Trump is now to learn, once something is on the Internet it is on their forever — even if you are a not-yet-convicted sexually predatory offender with money. Below is the original listing with the U.S. ISBN agency: Jeffrey Robinson’s #TrumpTower has it all. The ultra rich, powerful, and beautiful. It’s your summer must-read http://t.co/lQKvIzzV 
— Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) August 13, 2012 
In delving into the story, which appears to have been written for those with the reading comprehension of a first grader in mind, it routinely degrades women. The opening chapter speaks of a tenant who is bound and gagged to a bed naked only to be found by one of the tower’s staff: 
There she was, completely naked and gagged, her arms above her head, handcuffed to the top of the bedstead, with her legs tied to the bed and stretched wide apart. 
That sounds icily similar to the rape accusations being levied against Trump, no? The official court documents filed against Trump state : 
Defendant Trump tied Plaintiff to a bed, exposed himself to Plaintiff, and then proceeded to forcibly rape Plaintiff. During the course of this savage sexual attack, Plaintiff loudly pleaded with Defendant Trump to stop but with no effect. Defendant Trump responded to Plaintiff’s pleas by violently striking Plaintiff in the face with his open hand and screaming that he would do whatever he wanted. 
The other gems of literary genius included: 
“Take off your sweatshirt,” he said again. Her hands were trembling. “No.” “Yes,” he said. “Take off your sweatshirt. She reached for the bottom of her sweatshirt, but all she could do was hold onto it. “No.” “Yes.” “I can’t.” “Yes you can. Do as I tell you. Take off your sweatshirt.” She tried to swallow, but her mouth was totally dry. “I can’t…” “Do it. Take off your sweatshirt. Do as I tell you.” She closed her eyes, hesitated, then pulled off her sweatshirt. 
And: 
“I’d probably like his mama’s titties, too,” and, instead of using his key, he rang the bell. 
On top of the sordid sexual scenarios in Trump’s book, there are disrespectful racial references: 
Come on, you’re a shoo-in.” He reminded her, “Two white guys and a great-looking minority girl with perfect boobs? No contest.” 
Apparently Trump was too cheap to hire an editor as the book is riddled with grammatical errors such as, “In fact, none of the apartments in the tower was numbered.” 
In his quest for attention Trump attempted on numerous occasions to have his clap trap babble transitioned to television. The book had been in the works since the late 90s and according to Bob Frederick, who represents MVP Entertainment, “We hired a writer out of Los Angeles and developed a pilot with Showtime. And Donald was happy with it.” 
More than a decade later in 2008 Trump pitched the story to Lifetime which presented its own disgusting irony. The likely soon-to-be-convicted sexual predator wanted his story on a network known for producing shows about sexual predators. 
Trump’s co-author, Mr. Robinson, has refused to comment on the book. However, if one were so inclined they are able to read the first few chapters for free on Amazon’s kindle version , using the preview option. That is all one should read for two reasons. The first is purchasing the book would put money in Trump’s pocket, and the second is ingesting the entire story will likely lead to psychosis, the loss of brain cells, and IQ points.",0
15504,Clinton’s Campaign Chairman John Podesta Invited to an Occult ‘Spirit Cooking’ Dinner by Marina Abramović,"Support Us Clinton’s Campaign Chairman John Podesta Invited to an Occult ‘Spirit Cooking’ Dinner by Marina Abramović 0 
The Podesta e-mails released by Wikileaks contain various bizarre entries, including an invitation to a ‘Spirit Cooking’ dinner from notorious occultist Marina Abramović. These parties include blood, semen, breast milk … and God knows what else. 
A leaked e-mail reveals that John Podesta was invited to a ‘Spirit Cooking’ dinner by Marina Abramović in 2015. John David Podesta is the Chairman of the 2016 Hillary Clinton presidential campaign. He previously served as Chief of Staff to President Bill Clinton and Counselor to President Barack Obama. Hillary Clinton and John Podesta, 2011. 
– Advertisement – 
Here’s the leaked e-mail. Marina Abramovic sent an e-mail to Tony Podesta (John Podesta’s brother) who then forwarded it to his brother. 
Before going any further, here’s a video of Marina preparing a ‘Spirit Cooking’ ritual. 
Yes, the process involves buckets of congealed pig’s blood. Marina paints on walls instructions coded in classic occultist matter. 
Spirit cooking refers to “a sacrament in the religion of Thelema which was founded by Aleister Crowley” and involves an occult performance during which menstrual blood, breast milk, urine and sperm are used to create a “painting”. 
Strange fact: In another leaked e-mail, Podesta contacts his doctor about an infected finger. Strange coincidence. 
Further in the video, Marina drenches in blood a statue shaped like a small child. Why do I have the sick feeling that actual children might be used during these ceremonies? 
Why would an occultist such as Marina Abramović be in direct and friendly contact with people at the highest levels of power? Because they are all part of the OCCULT ELITE. Marina Abramović 
Marina Abramović is considered to be the “grandmother of performance art”. Most of her work however takes place in private settings where she conducts magick rituals. She is an important and powerful figure in pop culture and is greatly influential in Hollywood, the fashion world and the music business. Marina ‘training’ Lady Gaga in the ‘Abramovic Method’. Marina performing with Jay-Z. 
Marina is an “occult pop culture” icon. Here are symbolic pictures celebrating this fact. On this cover of Vogue Ukraine, Marina represents the stronghold of occultism on the fashion world. In the same photoshoot, Marina is holds a goat’s head by the horns – a classic way of representing the drawing of magickal power from Baphomet. Same photoshoot: Marina standing in front of a model with inner body parts exposed while doing an occult handsign. This picture was featured in The New Yorker along with a lengthy article praising her career. A serpent hiding one eye: The perfect way of representing a member of the occult elite. Marina on the cover of ELLE with one eye hidden. Mimicking Baphomet horns. “Cleaning the Mirror”, 1995. 
Another interesting fact: Marina’s Twitter name is @AbramovicM666 
This is why the term ‘occult elite’ is used to describe the highest level of power. Do you see the dots connecting?",0
15505,BREAKING: Trump Announces DEVASTATING Cuts To Social Security & His Reason Will Make You Vomit,"0 419 
Social Security is the lifeline of many people who are either too elderly or disabled to support themselves or their loved ones financially. However, to Republicans and conservatives alike, it is an expenditure deemed too costly, even if it means certain death for those who depend on it. 
Forget for a moment that elderly people who worked their entire lives have paid into social security, and should therefore be completely off limits. How could anyone with a soul leave the elderly to die in poverty? And what about those people who are physically and/or mentally disabled? Should we, as a nation, not take care of those citizens? Should we leave them to survive on the streets? 
Donald Trump is not known to do much critical thinking, especially before releasing a statement to the media, but his insane remarks on cutting Social Security have really got liberals fuming. Check out that time Trump told Paul Ryan that he would love to cut Social Security if he didn’t think it would be political suicide: 
“From a moral standpoint, I believe in it. But you also have to get elected. And there’s no way a Republican is going to beat a Democrat when the Republican is saying, ‘We’re going to cut your Social Security’ and the Democrat is saying, ‘We’re going to keep it and give you more.’ ” 
Trump is really trying to say that the lazy people in this country will always vote Democrat because it is Democrats who ensure that the less fortunate are, at least, able to keep their heads above water. To politicians like Donald Trump, these “extras” are killing the country. 
That’s right folks, it’s Ma and Pa Kettle who are ruining the country with their $1200 monthly allotment from the Treasury Department. It certainly wouldn’t be wasteful, greedy real estate moguls who use other people’s money to pay for their extravagant business deals. 
Alex Lawson is the Executive Director of Social Security Works, and he has a much different theory on Trump’s motives with Social Security. Lawson had this to say about it: 
“It is really clear: Donald Trump would 100 percent go along with the Republican donor class position of cutting Social Security. He openly says he will lie to the people about it because he knows that the people are against it.” 
“In his eyes the ‘moral’ thing to do is to steal people’s hard-earned benefits and not talk about it.” 
As we have learned throughout this election season, Donald Trump almost never tells the truth. Yet, he still convinces his mindless followers that he would somehow be good for America, regardless of the fact that there is nothing but evidence to prove the opposite. Trump won’t be happy until our grandparents are living in squalor and eating ramen for every meal. 
Wake me up when November ends.. Share this Article!",0
15506,Detached but Sympathetic: Prosecutor’s Dual Response to Imam’s Killing - The New York Times,"In a brief statement this week about the still mysterious murders of a Bangladeshi imam and his assistant, the Queens district attorney, Richard A. Brown, captured, perhaps unwittingly, the dueling imperatives a prosecutor faces in a case that strikes at an entire community. Mr. Brown’s primary task in issuing the statement was to announce that his office was charging Oscar Morel, the man accused in the killings, with   murder, based on the fact that the daylight shooting had caused the deaths of at least two people. But in a more emotive tone, the district attorney also extended his “deepest sympathy” to the families of the victims and then made a promise: He would “work tirelessly to ensure that justice is done. ” New York City’s five district attorneys are never just dispassionate executors of the law. As elected officials who draw their powers  —   and their paychecks  —   from the public, they at times assume a more symbolic role: that of the community defender, one who is responsive to, and responsible for, the constituents they serve. The community in this case, a Muslim enclave in Ozone Park, clearly called for a response from Mr. Brown as many in the neighborhood fearfully described the killings of the men, Alauddin Akonjee and Thara Miah, as a hate crime. That put Mr. Brown in a complicated position, several lawyers said. The police, so far, have not determined a motive for the murders  —   let alone found evidence of a hate crime. So Mr. Brown, a Democrat, had to file charges that were factually and tactically defensible while still being seen as answering the neighborhood’s anxious call as firmly as he could. “He was responding to the technical requirements of the law, but also to public pressure  —   there’s no doubt about it,” said Murray Richman, a veteran member of the city’s defense bar. “While he came forward with the right charge, a lot of it was political. Whenever there’s something that agitates a particular group, you don’t have a choice. You have to respond. ” While prosecutors do not have to establish motive to charge people with a crime, it is an essential part of their subsequent efforts to prove their case at trial. Should Mr. Morel go to trial, an assistant district attorney will want to furnish to the jury a credible explanation for why he undertook two murders that he has denied committing. Some lawyers said that in the absence of a motive, it was a bit unusual to have accused Mr. Morel of   murder. “It would seem to me that murder in the first degree is all about motive,” Gerald L. Shargel, another veteran defense lawyer, said. “You don’t need it, but it is definitely relevant to the defendant’s state of mind. Was this the guy who did it because, say, he had pictures of other Muslim leaders on his basement wall?” Other lawyers, though, said that by pursuing a   charge, Mr. Brown relieved himself of the strategic burden of establishing a motive at a trial. The police and prosecutors say they have evidence indicating that Mr. Morel intentionally killed Mr. Akonjee and Mr. Miah. Under the law,   murder can narrowly be defined as the intentional killing of more than one person. “If what we’re hearing is true,” said Mark Bederow, a lawyer who has handled several murder cases, “then the guy walked up, boom, boom, and the cops found the gun. It’s easily provable  —   a nice, clean case. ” A bias case would be much more difficult to prove, Mr. Bederow said. A   killing is, by definition, a   murder charge, so Mr. Brown would have not been able to deliver the same impact that comes with   murder. But more important, by filing   charges, prosecutors would assume the obligation of offering a motive  —   which is to say, that Mr. Morell had acted out of intolerance or hate  —   and proving it. “They would literally be promising the jury, ‘We are going to tell you why this happened,’” Mr. Bederow said. “And there’s just no need to do that. It’s messy. That’s the last thing you want  —   a messy case. Though I’ll admit, that’s just the cold analysis of a lawyer. ”",0
15507,BDS Fail: UN Ambassador Nikki Haley Says ’U.S. Has Israel’s Back’ Against ’Hateful’ Boycott Movement - Breitbart,"TEL AVIV  —   U. S. Ambassador to the United Nations Nikki Haley received a standing ovation at the General Assembly on Wednesday after pledging to defend Israel against the Boycott, Divestment and Sanctions (BDS) movement, saying it was a modern day incarnation of an “ancient hatred. ”[“Know that the United States has Israel’s back, and know that you now have a fighter and a friend in the UN to help you,” Haley told some 2, 000 people at Wednesday’s “Ambassadors Against BDS” conference in New York City.  “The effort to delegitimize the state of Israel being waged on college campuses and the   obsession at the UN are one and the same.  They both seek to deny Israel’s right to exist. They are both efforts to intimidate her friends and embolden her enemies. They are both extensions of an ancient hatred,” she added. Haley slammed the boycott movement for its complete disregard for truth or history, and for ignoring the human rights violations by countries such as Syria, North Korea and Iran. “It makes absolutely no sense and has no connection to any reasonable definition of justice,” she said. Haley said she felt “privileged” to have passed the U. S.’ first   bill in 2015 when she was governor of South Carolina. “In our state we said we will not use taxpayers’ funds to do business with any company that discriminates on the basis of race, color, religion, gender or national origin,” said Haley. “And make no mistake, that is exactly what the BDS movement does. ” “What a tragic irony that today I am once again engaged in a fight against those who seek to harm Israel, but this time as the US ambassador to the United Nations,” she said. Israel’s Ambassador to the UN Danny Danon thanked Haley for her efforts in combating the movement, which he called “pure antisemitism. ” “By associating these vile acts with legitimate political movements, we run the risk of legitimizing the illegitimate,” Danon said. “Those who topple Jewish tombstones in the dark of night and those who seek to delegitimize the Jewish state are not members of any political group. ” “We cannot rest for even a moment,” he said. “The BDS movement is still active and still strong. The real danger of BDS is not in their numbers, it is in their ability to cower us into silence. “Silence is weakness, silence is defeat,” Danon said. “We are all here to say we cannot, we will not, be silent. ” On Monday, Haley told the annual AIPAC policy conference, “The days of   are over. For anyone who says you can’t get anything done at the UN, they need to know there is a new sheriff in town. ” The   conference hosted by the Israeli Mission to the UN in partnership with several   groups including the World Jewish Congress, the Zionist Organization of America, Israel Bonds, StandwithUs, CAMERA, B’nai B’rith International, Maccabee Task Force, Hillel International, Students Supporting Israel, Hasbara Fellowships, the Jewish Agency for Israel, and the Simon Wiesenthal Center.",0
15508,Now Batting: 14 New Baseball Books - The New York Times,"It happens every spring. It’s time to play ball, so publishers fill out a new lineup card of biographies, team histories and other baseball scholarship. This season must begin by acknowledging the surreality that after 108 years, the Chicago Cubs are again World Series champions. “The Plan” (Triumph, $24. 95) by David Kaplan, is a chronicle of the project to turn “one of the worst organizations in baseball” into “a dynasty in the making. ” Kaplan starts with the 2009 purchase of the franchise by Tom Ricketts, and the subsequent wooing of Theo Epstein, the general manager behind two titles for the formerly cursed Boston Red Sox. Chicago’s farm system is stocked and Joe Maddon, the Tampa Bay Rays manager, is signed ahead of the 2015 season. Add youngsters like Kris Bryant and Kyle Schwarber, and free agents like Jon Lester, and a   club is finally No. 1. There’s too much   esoterica  —   one appendix lists clauses from   contracts for buildings around Wrigley Field  —   but Cubs fans won’t mind. As for New York teams, “Casey Stengel” (Doubleday, $27. 95) by Marty Appel, is the ultimate biography: Stengel not only played for the Brooklyn Dodgers and New York Giants, he managed the Dodgers before steering the New York Yankees to their greatest run of dominance and became the first manager of the New York Mets. Paul Dickson’s “Leo Durocher” (Bloomsbury, $28) chronicles the adventures of Leo the Lip, the colorful player (briefly for the Yankees, later the Dodgers) and manager (for the Dodgers, Giants and other clubs) who stayed in the sports pages for more than 40 years. Steve Steinberg’s “Urban Shocker” (University of Nebraska, $32. 95) recalls a Yankees pitcher who should be better known for his name alone. A spitballer who was traded to the St. Louis Browns, Shocker had four   seasons before returning to New York in time to be part of the 1927 championship team. “Piazza” (Sports Publishing, $24. 99) by Greg W. Prince, revels in a more recent and beloved player. The   catcher of all time, Mike Piazza was already a Los Angeles Dodgers star when he was traded twice in 1998, first to the Florida Marlins, then to the Mets. After all Piazza did for the team (and the team for him) Prince’s book explains why it meant so much to New York fans that Piazza went into the Hall of Fame last year as a Met. Around the league, former players telling stories include Rick Ankiel, the St. Louis Cardinal who lost his ability to pitch. In “The Phenomenon” (PublicAffairs, $27) written with Tim Brown, Ankiel speaks of succumbing to the anxiety disorder commonly called the yips, then reclaiming his career as an outfielder. Ankiel has company. Dennis Snelling’s compelling biography, “Lefty O’Doul” (University of Nebraska, $27. 95) tells of the pitcher who, after a sore arm, became one of baseball’s greatest hitters and hitting coaches before helping to establish the game in Japan. “Ballplayer” (Dutton, $27) is a confessional memoir from Chipper Jones (with Carroll Rogers Walton) the likely Hall of Famer who spent his entire   career with the Atlanta Braves. Mets fans know he enjoyed beating their team so much that he named one son Shea, after Shea Stadium they may not recall that Jones hit his first   homer there. He details that moment and many others, including   behavior that led to two divorces. “One Nation Under Baseball,” by John Florio and Ouisie Shapiro (University of Nebraska, $29. 95) looks at how the turmoil of the 1960s sowed the seeds for today’s game. A recurrent theme is ballplayers’ fight for higher wages, and when the labor lawyer Marvin Miller was hired in 1966 to lead the players’ union, it was all over but the court filing: The Curt Flood case taking on baseball’s reserve clause would eventually lead to free agency. This excellent read also covers race relations and other social issues, as well as the decade’s most memorable teams, players and events. Free agency would eventually disrupt all clubs, but its earliest victims may have been the Oakland A’s. “Dynastic, Bombastic, Fantastic” (Houghton Mifflin Harcourt, $26) by Jason Turbow, recounts the team’s   dominance, when it won three straight World Series with a lineup that included Reggie Jackson, Joe Rudi and Sal Bando and a pitching staff anchored by Catfish Hunter, Vida Blue and Rollie Fingers. By 1976, free agency broke up the squad, and the club’s owner, a sympathetically drawn Charlie Finley, would sell it a few years later. “Off Speed” (Pantheon, $23. 95) by Terry McDermott, tracks the evolution of pitching from its earliest days, when the ball was thrown underhanded, to the modern science of hurling one at virtually superhuman speeds. McDermott describes nine pitches, weaving player and coach interviews into an absorbing examination of this arcane art. (Along the way he discloses secrets of the game: How have I never heard of Lena Blackburne Baseball Rubbing Mud?) As Jane Leavy did in “Sandy Koufax,” McDermott frames his book around the nine innings of a perfect game here it’s the one Felix Hernandez of the Seattle Mariners threw in 2012. An ideal counterpart is “Almost Perfect” (Lyons, $26. 95) by Joe Cox. As that baseball fanatic Tolstoy almost wrote, “All perfect games resemble one another each imperfect game is imperfect in its own way. ” Cox analyzes the 16 games between 1908 and 2015 in which pitchers retired at least the first 26 batters they faced, only to see perfection elude them. The    books will bring us safely home. Two fresh collections hail from north of the border. In “Baseball Life Advice” (McClelland  Stewart, paperback, $18) the Canadian novelist Stacey May Fowles, an avid Toronto Blue Jays fan, raises topics not often discussed, starting with an affecting account of how, during periods of intense depression, the game kept her going when nothing else would. And her analysis of everything from Jose Bautista’s epic bat flip (she favors it) to Jose Reyes’s public rehabilitation after his suspension for domestic abuse (she’s opposed, mostly) brings a perspective that’s all too rare. “Fail Better” (Biblioasis, paperback, $16. 95) by Mark Kingwell, a University of Toronto philosophy professor, is a ballpark ramble of memoir, lore and nostalgia. Its north star is baseball’s     its leisurely Zen gaps between actions. In one brief detour, he draws a line from Chicago’s championship to the election, days later, of Donald J. Trump. Kingwell doesn’t quite say it, but the implication is clear: This is what happens when the Cubs win the Series.",0
15509,Dior Is Expected to Name Maria Grazia Chiuri as Artistic Director - The New York Times,"Christian Dior has finally found its designer. In a move that will break up one of the most feted design teams in fashion, Maria Grazia Chiuri of Valentino is expected to be named artistic director of Dior, becoming the first woman to lead the brand in its   history. The move, which is expected to be announced next month, has the potential to disrupt the luxury fashion landscape as Ms. Chiuri, now   director at Valentino, parts ways with her longtime collaborator, Pierpaolo Piccioli. The news, reported earlier by Reuters, broke just a day after the Valentino men’s wear show in Paris and hours after Ms. Chiuri hosted a dinner in the city at Caviar Kaspia, on Place de la Madeleine, with Mr. Piccioli in celebration of the collection. Both Dior and Valentino declined to comment, but a person briefed on the negotiations confirmed the appointment. “I think it’s nothing short of a brilliant appointment,” said Robert Burke, founder of his own luxury consultancy. “It makes perfect sense from both an aesthetic standpoint and a consumer standpoint. There are few brands that compete with Dior, but Valentino is one. ” Ms. Chiuri and Mr. Piccioli were appointed   directors at Valentino in 2008, staying at the Italian fashion house when it was sold by the private equity group Permira to the   Mayhoola for Investments in 2012. Together they brought Valentino to   status, making it a darling of both the fashion and celebrity worlds in the process. Annual sales have more than quadrupled, to 987 million euros, since 2009 as Ms. Chiuri, Mr. Piccioli and Stefano Sassi, Valentino’s chief executive, led an expansion of the brand’s product range and distribution. And after it nearly doubled its profit on revenue of more than $1 billion in 2015, there has been growing speculation in the luxury industry about an initial public offering of stock. The fashion house said this year that it expected revenue to grow at a   pace in 2016, and it has plans to open about 25 stores globally. The company now operates 130 shops directly and is aiming for about 200 in the next two to three years. The Dior appointment will be Ms. Chiuri’s first solo design post and will leave Mr. Piccioli alone at the creative helm of Valentino. Ms. Chiuri originally hired Mr. Piccioli to work with her in the accessories department of Fendi in 1992, and the two have moved in tandem since then. They have been professionally so intertwined that they often finish each other’s sentences,   handwritten letters, send emails from the same account and dress alike in matching black trouser suits. “I always thought of them as a team, not as individuals. The big question is whether they can do separately what they did together,” said Mr. Burke. “That’s the risk. ” Scott Schuman, a photographer known as “The Sartorialist” who worked in a wholesale showroom that sold Valentino early in his career, said, “I am interested to see how they play on their own. ” He continued: “A lot of the   couture labels seem like golden cages. The sensibility I understand for her, she’ll create clothes you can buy and wear  —   not just accessories. ” Ms. Chiuri will be joining Dior at a delicate time. The luxury market is expected to grow only 2 percent this year, according to a study from Bain  Company and Altagamma, the Italian trade association. Dior has been   since October, when its artistic director, Raf Simons, left the company after three years. Mr. Simons had been appointed after the firing of John Galliano, who had been accused of a drunken   rant. Mr. Simons was credited with not only modernizing the Dior aesthetic, but also restoring an internal calm to the fashion house. His departure threw it into limbo once again. Rumors that Ms. Chiuri was being considered for the artistic director position had been circulating in the fashion world since the beginning of the year. However, the job has traditionally involved only women’s wear and not men’s wear, designed by Kris Van Assche jewelry, designed by Victoire de Castellane or retail, designed by Peter Marino, and it was viewed as difficult to fill. This had to do with both its demands  —   six collections a year, including Cruise collections in exotic locations  —   and its limitations, including the involvement of celebrity ambassadors. Mr. Simons, for example, was said to be particularly upset to discover he had not been consulted on the signing of Rihanna as a Dior face, given the gulf between the aesthetic he had established for the brand and that of the pop star. The parent company of Moët Hennessy Louis Vuitton, Dior is the cornerstone of the luxury empire built by Bernard Arnault, its chairman and chief executive. Though it reported more than €5 billion in sales last year and has 195 stores worldwide,   of its revenue came from perfumes and cosmetics. Christian Dior Couture, which includes all the clothing lines, contributed €1. 8 billion to sales in 2015. Recent shows created by the internal design team led by Serge Ruffieux and Lucie Meier have been met with tepid applause, and Dior’s fashion sales growth has fallen in the last 18 months, going from   growth to flat in the first quarter of 2016. A dip in tourist numbers to Europe after terror attacks in Paris and Brussels and sales declines in several crucial Asian markets contributed to the losses. Ms. Chiuri will be charged with reversing that trend. In Paris, Pamela Golbin, chief curator of fashion and textiles at the Musée des Arts Décoratifs, noted Ms. Chiuri’s long successful track record and willingness to grow. “She does have an incredible knowledge of haute couture, and that’s going to be a very important aspect of her job,” Ms. Golbin said. “There aren’t that many people who have shown over a long period of time that they could take it to the next level and have it evolve. She’s done that over the years at Valentino. What will happen at Dior is a big question. ” The next couture season, scheduled for the week of July 4, will herald Ms. Chiuri’s final show with Mr. Piccioli. A new era for Dior, Valentino and their designers will begin in September with the women’s    shows.",0
15510,"Trump Weighs Cuts to Coast Guard, T.S.A. and FEMA to Bolster Border Plan - The New York Times","WASHINGTON  —   The Trump administration is considering deep cuts in the budgets of the Coast Guard, the Transportation Security Administration and the Federal Emergency Management Agency as it looks for money to ratchet up security along the southern border, according to a person familiar with the administration’s draft budget request. The goal is to shift about $5 billion toward hiring scores of additional agents for Customs and Border Protection and Immigration and Customs Enforcement, as well as toward infrastructure to support a crackdown on illegal immigration at the border. A significant portion of the money would go toward erecting a wall along the border with Mexico, one of President Trump’s signature campaign promises. To fund those efforts, though, the plan would seek significant reductions in other areas, including a 14 percent cut to the Coast Guard’s $9. 1 billion budget and 11 percent cuts to both the T. S. A. and FEMA. The three agencies have played   roles in the Department of Homeland Security’s  . 11 security architecture. All told, the plan would increase the department’s budget by 6. 4 percent, to $43. 8 billion, for the 2018 fiscal year, also using savings from other executive branch departments to fund it. News of the proposal, which was first reported by Politico on Tuesday, has befuddled longtime veterans of the Department of Homeland Security. Lawmakers in both parties indicated they would scrutinize, and perhaps even oppose, a slew of potential cuts they argued would not only expose new weaknesses but also undermine Mr. Trump’s own strongly stated goals of curtailing terrorism, narcotics and illegal immigration. “It’s a little bit like putting an extra lock on the front door and none on the back door,” said Michael Chertoff, who led the Homeland Security Department for four years. “You are not really protecting the house. ” Reports of the proposal were confirmed to The New York Times by an official who had seen the documents and who spoke on the condition of anonymity to discuss the closely guarded budgeting process. Mr. Trump is expected to present the budget this month, although it already is viewed as a largely aspirational proposal created by the Office of Management and Budget of the White House and individual departments to set priorities for Congress. A spokesman for the Homeland Security Department said he could not comment on the deliberations, and John Czwartacki, a spokesman for the budget office, said it was “premature” to discuss any proposals before an official budget blueprint was released. “The president and his cabinet are working collaboratively as we speak to create a budget that keeps the president’s promises to secure the country and prioritize taxpayer funds,” Mr. Czwartacki said. Still, reports of the cuts prompted considerable pushback on Capitol Hill, where several of the lawmakers who will eventually vote on appropriating money to the department expressed doubts that the proposal would serve Mr. Trump’s stated goals. Of chief concern were the potential cuts to the Coast Guard, the nation’s primary domestic maritime security force, which lawmakers and experts said had already been stretched thin by the wars on drugs, illegal immigration and terrorism. “Given the vital installations they guard and how many drugs and contraband they intercept along our maritime borders, cutting the Coast Guard to pay for a vacuous and expensive vanity project like a border wall would be dangerous and irrational,” Senator Chuck Schumer of New York, the Democratic minority leader, said in a statement on Wednesday. Representative Duncan Hunter, a California Republican who is chairman of the subcommittee on the Coast Guard and maritime transportation, was even more acerbic, calling the proposal “an insult” that would put the nation’s security at risk. The proposal also appears to have drawn the ire of Senator Thad Cochran, Republican of Mississippi, who leads the appropriations committee through which any budget must eventually pass. It was Mr. Cochran who in 2015 successfully pushed to build an additional $600 million cutter for the Coast Guard at Ingalls Shipbuilding in his home state  —   an order the budget plan now recommends be canceled. The proposal would seek other savings to the Coast Guard by cutting the use of Maritime Security Response Teams, patrol and first responder teams with advanced counterterrorism training, and delaying other new purchases. “Chairman Cochran appreciates the Coast Guard’s important role in protecting U. S. national security interests,” Mr. Cochran’s spokesman, Chris Gallegos, said on Wednesday. “Any proposals to reduce support for the Coast Guard will receive careful scrutiny in Congress. ” In addition to monitoring the United States’ waterways for foreign and domestic threats, the Coast Guard plays a significant role in combating problems Mr. Trump wants to address. In the 2016 fiscal year alone, it intercepted more than 6, 000 undocumented immigrants, and 200 metric tons of cocaine and 52, 000 pounds of marijuana worth almost $6 billion, according to its spokeswoman, Lt. Amy Midgett. Should law enforcement officials clamp down on the land crossings into the United States, experts said, the maritime interdiction role would most likely only increase, putting additional pressure on the Coast Guard. “Where do you think drug smugglers and illegal immigrants will go next if you make the land border more impervious?” said David Heyman, who was assistant Homeland Security secretary for policy from 2009 to 2014. “It’s obvious they would next try to sneak in by sea or by air, which is precisely what the administration is trying to cut. ” The proposed cuts at the T. S. A. the agency tasked with protecting air travel in the United States, and FEMA, which is best known for providing disaster relief, are relatively smaller, but they have likewise raised concerns about opening up new vulnerabilities to the nation’s transit hubs and cities. Within the T. S. A. the proposal calls for the elimination of a handful of programs that have played a critical role in airport security and counterterrorism since the Sept. 11, 2001, attacks. They include a program that trains pilots to respond to an attempted armed takeover of the cockpit a grant program that supports local law enforcement patrols at airports and another, the Visible Intermodal Prevention and Response program, that sends both undercover and highly visible officers to conduct security sweeps in   airports and train stations. At FEMA, potential cuts would target for reduction an array of grants to state and local governments that have helped fund the development of emergency preparedness and response plans for natural disasters and   events. The proposed savings would allow the Homeland Security Department to take significant steps toward addressing Mr. Trump’s priorities along the border between the United States and Mexico. The plan would free up funds to begin paying for the border wall, to construct detention facilities, and to hire an additional 500 Border Patrol agents and 1, 000 Immigration and Customs Enforcement agents who will be responsible for border security and the deportation of immigrants already in the country illegally. Mr. Chertoff said that considering the department’s overall imperatives, it made little sense to so strengthen one portion of the budget at the expense of another, critical area. “If you are going to look at the mission of D. H. S. in which priority No. 1 is security, you have to take an approach to the budget that balances all the elements of security,” he said.",0
15511,The Democratic Debacle – The Day After,"2016 presidential campaign by BAR executive editor Glen Ford 
The GOP won at the polls, but Black, brown and working class Democrats have been taking a beating from their own party for decades. “The Democratic Party has failed to deliver even small net increments of social justice to its base constituencies, always giving away more than it gained, and at times taking the lead in savaging the people.” Hillary Clinton hoped to lead a Government of Ruling Class Consensus – a victory only for the One Percent. The Democratic Debacle – The Day After by BAR executive editor Glen Ford 
“The net economic loss to the people -- especially the masses of Black folks, who have been stripped of much of the gains of the Sixties and Seventies, and nearly all of their household wealth – has been staggering and unrelenting.” 
The White Nationalists won and Hillary Clinton’s Big Tent, the bastion of the ruling class that Blacks and browns were led to believe was their sanctuary, has ignominiously folded. The media echo chamber smothered the deep, rumbling sounds of the impending quake, allowing only the corporate consensus to be heard outside the precincts of the Deplorables. But Deplorables want good jobs, too, and a future secure from the predations of Mad Capital, if only for their own “kind.” Whites in the “Rust Belt” joined with Confederates to choose their own brand of “lesser evil” – evils being the only items on the duopoly menu. 
Social democrats – a broad group that includes the vast bulk of Black America, according to political scientist Michael Dawson -- huddled around the latrine of Hillary’s Big Tent, trying desperately to perfume the stench. Except for a few percentage points worth of Green voters, they opted, once again, for a fraudulent “incrementalism” – a foolishness dressed up as “pragmatism” and even masquerading as high “strategy” -- which has led “progressives” straight down a road to disaster in the neoliberal era. (My excessive use of quotation marks is intended to convey that even the language of much leftish discourse is crafted for the purpose of surrender to Power.) 
“Whites in the ‘Rust Belt’ joined with Confederates to choose their own brand of ‘lesser evil’ – evils being the only items on the duopoly menu.” 
Rather than gradually strengthening the political hand of the working and oppressed classes, bit by bit, year by year -- which is the purported justification for incrementalism -- progressive slavishness to the Democratic Party has facilitated the deepening dictatorship of capital. The net economic loss to the people -- especially the masses of Black folks, who have been stripped of much of the gains of the Sixties and Seventies, and nearly all of their household wealth – has been staggering and unrelenting. 
For the past 40 years and more, Democrats have been perfect partners in the Dance of the Duopolists. It’s a simple two-step. The basic move is: the Democrats hug as closely as possible to the left flank of the Republican Party, thus staying within dog-whistle range of the White Man’s Party’s core base, rooted in white supremacy, while claiming everything to the left of Robert E. Lee as Democratic turf, including the huge, heavily Black social democratic electorate whose progressive agenda the Democrats have no intention of substantively addressing. 
The Clintons turned this two-step into a disciplined tango with their GOP partners. In 1994, the Republicans threatened to launch a social justice Armageddon through their Contract with America -- legislation they were incapable of fully enacting, however, without some level of Democratic consent. The Clintons vowed to defend Black, brown and poor people from the GOP barbarians at the gate – and wound up ramming through Congress corporate-crafted measures that the Republicans could not have passed on their own. Bill and Hillary cut a rug to that tune for eight years in the White House, stomping out welfare as we knew it, eviscerating Franklin Roosevelt’s New Deal banking regulations, presiding over the largest surge in mass Black incarceration in modern history, and delivering the broadcast spectrum to monopoly media, all the while pretending to defend a “progressive agenda.” 
“Islamic jihadists were enlisted en mass as U.S. imperialism’s hellish foreign legion in the Muslim world.” 
On the foreign policy side, the Clintons pioneered Washington’s “humanitarian” military intervention doctrine, later refined by Barack Obama and his secretary of state, Hillary Clinton. In the Democratic Republic of Congo, Bill Clinton set in motion the worst genocide since World War Two, a holocaust that has killed at least six million people under three US. administrations, and still counting. Humanitarian intervention, or Responsibility to Protect (R2P), became Obama’s favored instrument of aggression, a more domestically palatable alternative to George Bush’s massive boots-on-the-ground fiasco in Iraq. Islamic jihadists were enlisted en mass as U.S. imperialism’s hellish foreign legion in the Muslim world. Together, “New” Democrats Barack Obama and Hillary Clinton turned Syria and Libya into maelstroms of slaughter and moved towards nuclear war with Russia. 
Obama’s domestic aggressions on behalf of Big Capital were equally bold. With both houses of Congress in Democratic hands and the GOP on the ropes in 2009, he rushed to put Social Security, Medicare and “all entitlements” “on the table” for cutting. Now dancing by himself, not even bothering to triangulate in the Clinton style, Obama tried to forge a “Grand Bargain” with the GOP by pulverizing the remnants of the social safety net. Only the Republicans' institutional imperative to defeat, rather than collaborate with,   -- its white supremacist DNA -- prevented consummation of the Grand Bargain, Obama’s Holy Grail. 
From Jimmy Carter to Barack Obama, the Democratic Party has failed to deliver even small net increments of social justice to its base constituencies, always giving away more than it gained, and at times taking the lead in savaging the people. There is no historical basis in the neoliberal era for the claim that the Democratic Party provides net incremental benefits to Black and working people, or that the party can be seized from its corporate masters and transformed into a machine that fights for the people. It fights for Capital – tooth and nail, as Bernie Sanders’ followers discovered. 
“The First Black President rushed to put Social Security, Medicare and ‘all entitlements’ ‘on the table’ for cutting.” 
Hillary Clinton seized the opportunity presented by the Trump-generated split in the GOP to create a ruling class consensus and headquarters in her own campaign tent. It was the ultimate betrayal, the incubator of a thoroughly corporatized Democratic Party – an undertaker of social democracy. Instead, the White Deplorables derailed her, as they had earlier derailed the Republican corporate establishment. 
Thus, the crisis of legitimacy in U.S. ruling institutions deepens. 
It now appears, in the early hours of President Elect Donald Trump, that the new administration will be a conventional rightwing Republican regime, with a cast of villains including Newt “Contract with America” Gingrich, and a Vice President Mike Pence in the role of Dick “The Real President” Cheney. Maybe Trump will insist on giving peace with Russia and China a chance, maybe not. The Trans Pacific Partnership is probably dead, unless it can somehow be resurrected in the lame duck session of Congress that begins next week, but there is no way Republicans or Democrats will slap 35 percent tariffs on U.S. corporations’ foreign-produced goods. That’s rhetorical theater a la Trump. 
The Trump regime has no fix for the ills of late stage capitalism that have immiserated both the triumphant Deplorables and the darker folks they scapegoat, and whom they can be counted on to harass, repress and deport. Neither does the Democratic Party, whose next administration, had it not been still-born, would have served the interests of the One Percent even more dependably than did Obama. 
Leave Hillary’s nasty tent in the dirt, where it lies. The people need vibrant social movements that will produce new leadership in struggle and shape the parties of the future. BAR executive editor Glen Ford can be contacted  ",0
15512,5 Susan Rice Scandal Facts Every American Must Know - Breitbart,"It was revealed Monday that President Obama’s national security adviser Susan Rice allegedly ordered the unmasking of the identities of Trump campaign aides who were reportedly being surveilled during the 2016 election. [The recent reports further prove, at least in part, President Donald Trump’s claims that senior Obama officials had collected intelligence on Trump aids and disseminated it throughout the government. Rice’s involvement  —   as it relates to her reported role in the unmasking of Trump aids and circulating sensitive information  —   places the longtime Obama operative at the center of another major political scandal.  Below are five facts from Susan Rice scandals every American should know. 1. Susan Rice allegedly ordered surveillance of Donald Trump’s 2016 election campaign aides as part of a political intelligence operation.  Rice allegedly maintained spreadsheets of Trump aides’ telephone calls “one year before the 2016 presidential election,” according to the Daily Caller. The Daily Caller reports: “What was produced by the intelligence community at the request of Ms. Rice were detailed spreadsheets of intercepted phone calls with unmasked Trump associates in perfectly legal conversations with individuals,” diGenova told The Daily Caller News Foundation Investigative Group Monday. “The overheard conversations involved no illegal activity by anybody of the Trump associates, or anyone they were speaking with,” diGenova said. “In short, the only apparent illegal activity was the unmasking of the people in the calls. ” 2. Rice claimed that climate change was responsible for the deadly civil war in Syria.  “In the years prior to civil war breaking out in Syria, that country also experienced its worst drought on record,” Rice said in October 2015, during a speech at Stanford University. “Farming families moved en masse into urban centers, increasing political unrest and further priming the country for conflict. ” Hundreds of thousands of Syrians have been killed in the conflict since President Barack Obama drew his infamous “red line” in 2012, promising to retaliate against Syrian President Bashar  ’s regime if it used chemical weapons on its own people. 3. Rice once declared that there is “no military solution” to the raging conflict in Yemen. “As in Syria, there is no military solution to the crisis in Yemen,” Rice said in April 2015, during a speech at the Arab American Institute’s Kahlil Gibran Gala. Seven months before Rice’s speech, President Obama had called his administration’s drone   military operation in Yemen a success story. President Trump, however, ordered more airstrikes against   in Yemen in February than any year in Obama’s presidency. 4. Susan Rice said accused deserter Sgt. Bowe Bergdahl served “with honor and distinction. ” In March 2015, Sgt. Bowe Bergdahl was charged with treason for allegedly deserting his fellow soldiers and abandoning his Afghanistan outpost in 2009. In a June 2014 broadcast of ABC’s This Week, Susan Rice defended Bergdahl, saying he “served the United States with honor and distinction. And we’ll have the opportunity eventually to learn what has transpired in the past years. ” As Breitbart News reported, six soldiers lost their lives searching for   First Class Bowe Bergdahl after he abandoned his outpost. 5. Susan Rice was the driving force behind a misinformation campaign about the Sept. 11, 2012, Benghazi terror attacks.    Ambassador Rice, acting as the Obama White House’s spokeswoman, appeared on five Sunday morning talk shows and repeatedly claimed that the Benghazi attacks had been caused by an   video. Rice appeared on ABC, CBS, NBC, Fox News, and CNN and regurgitated talking points purporting that the protests that had erupted “spontaneously” near two U. S. government facilities in Benghazi, Libya and were a result of a “hateful video” that was offensive to Islam. But government documents, released following a Judicial Watch lawsuit, reveal that government officials monitoring the attack in   did not cite an   video as an explanation for the paramilitary attack on the U. S. diplomatic mission in Benghazi. In May 2015 interview, former Obama CIA Director Mike Morell said Rice’s Benghazi talking points blaming an   YouTube video crossed “the line between national security and politics. ” “I think the line in there that says one of our objectives here right on the Sunday show is to blame the video rather than a failure of policy,” Morell said on Fox News’ Special Report. “And as you know, I say in the book that I think that that is crossing the line between national security and politics. ” Follow Jerome Hudson on Twitter: @JeromeEHudson",0
15513,"If Clinton Goes Down, Loretta Lynch Will Go Down With Her","
Oh, Loretta.
I’ll bet that AG Loretta Lynch is shaking in her boots right now, because when Hillary Clinton goes down, Lynch’s career will go down with her. Heck, maybe they’ll even be cellmates.
Loretta Lynch’s ties to the Clintons go back to 1999 when then-President Bill Clinton appointed her to run the Brooklyn US Attorney’s office. She left in 2002 and went into private practice, but returned to the Brooklyn office in 2010 at the behest of President Barack Obama. ( Here’s her official bio. )
In 2015, she was sworn in to become the 83rd Attorney General of the United States, taking the place of the blatantly corrupt Attorney General, Eric Holder , who will probably be most famous for his roles in the Fast and Furious operation, inciting racial tensions, and his mishandling of the Lois Lerner/IRS debacle.
First, there was the secret airplane meeting with Bill Clinton 
It all started to publicly go downhill for Lynch during the first investigation into Hillary Clinton’s carelessness with national secrets via her home email server . Right before FBI Director James Comey was to meet with Hillary Clinton to interrogate her about the subject, Lynch was busted having a secret meeting with Bill Clinton. The Washington Post reported:
Clinton’s private, unplanned meeting with Attorney General Loretta E. Lynch at the Phoenix airport last week, coming at a time when the Justice Department should be nearing completion of its examination of Hillary Clinton’s use of a private server for her emails as secretary of state, will inevitably — and negatively — affect public attitudes about that investigation…
…Lynch has tried to make amends, though not without leaving some confusion in her wake. In a conversation Friday with Washington Post editorial writer Jonathan Capehart at the Aspen Ideas Festival, she insisted again that the conversation was innocent — about grandchildren and golf and such — and did not touch on the investigation of the emails.
But she said she recognized that others would not see it that way. “The fact that the meeting that I had is now casting a shadow over how people are going to view that work is something that I take seriously, and deeply and painfully,” she said.
Lynch said that she would “be accepting” whatever recommendation the career prosecutors and FBI Director James B. Comey bring her — though she did not say she would remove herself completely from the case. She also said she had made that decision some months ago but was only now making it public.
Of course, it was all much easier for Lynch to abide by the decision when Comey miraculously found that Hillary Clinton was not criminal in her negligence with national secrets.
Now, though, people are asking questions about that ill-founded meeting. Judicial Watch has filed a lawsuit for “all records” related to the illicit meeting between Attorney General Lynch and former President Bill Clinton.
“On June 29, 2016, Attorney General Loretta Lynch is reported to have met privately with former President Bill Clinton on board a parked private plane at Sky Harbor International Airport in Phoenix, Arizona. The meeting occurred during the then-ongoing investigation of Mrs. Clinton’s email server, and mere hours before the Benghazi report was released publicly involving both Mrs. Clinton and the Obama administration. Judicial Watch filed a request on June 30 that the U.S. Department of Justice Office of the Inspector General investigate that meeting.”
Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump suggested that during that meeting, Bill Clinton may have offered to extend Lynch’s position in the AG’s office during a Hillary Clinton administration.
Then she blocked a congressional investigation into the notorious Iranian ransom payment. 
Last week, AG Lynch blocked a congressional investigation into the cash payments that the Obama administration made to Iran by pleading the Fifth. The Washington Free Beacon reported:
Attorney General Loretta Lynch is declining to comply with an investigation by leading members of Congress about the Obama administration’s secret efforts to send Iran $1.7 billion in cash earlier this year, prompting accusations that Lynch has “pleaded the Fifth” Amendment to avoid incriminating herself over these payments, according to lawmakers and communications exclusively obtained by the Washington Free Beacon …
…“It is frankly unacceptable that your department refuses to answer straightforward questions from the people’s elected representatives in Congress about an important national security issue,” the lawmakers wrote. “Your staff failed to address any of our questions, and instead provided a copy of public testimony and a lecture about the sensitivity of information associated with this issue.”
“As the United States’ chief law enforcement officer, it is outrageous that you would essentially plead the fifth and refuse to respond to inquiries,” they stated. “The actions of your department come at time when Iran continues to hold Americans hostage and unjustly sentence them to prison.”
How very judicial of her.
Lynch tried to shut Comey up about the new investigation into the Clinton emails. 
Now, even the mainstream media can’t turn its head.
Earlier I wrote about the fact that FBI Director James Comey made the decision on his own to go public about the new investigation into the Hillary Clinton emails. But let’s talk a little further about Lynch’s desperate attempts to shut him up.
The New York Times reported that the Justice Department “strongly discouraged Comey” against releasing the information:
The day before the F.B.I. director, James B. Comey, sent a letter to Congress announcing that new evidence had been discovered that might be related to the completed Hillary Clinton email investigation, the Justice Department strongly discouraged the step and told him that he would be breaking with longstanding policy, three law enforcement officials said on Saturday.
Senior Justice Department officials did not move to stop him from sending the letter, officials said, but they did everything short of it, pointing to policies against talking about current criminal investigations or being seen as meddling in elections.
How interesting that it’s seen as “influencing the election” to investigate someone now but it wasn’t back when she was investigated and not charged. I’m not sure exactly how that works, but according to USA Today (emphasis mine), a “…federal official familiar with Comey’s decision said Saturday that the FBI director considered the attorney general’s advice during a spirited discussion of the matter Thursday and early Friday but felt compelled to act.”
Do you remember Janet Reno? 
Poor Janet was another Attorney General who went down for the Clintons. She was also sworn in as AG under Bill Clinton, and many questioned her appointment at the time. According to a report in the Chicago Tribune :
She arrived in Washington from Miami as Caesar’s wife, and so she has remained. She was ignorant and independent of insider D.C. and has stayed that way. Bill Clinton never much liked her and never confided in her, and she reciprocated.
She became AG just in time to take the fall for the debacle in Waco , actually. According to History.com 
The Waco standoff had already begun by the time Janet Reno became the first female attorney general on March 12, 1993. She approved the FBI’s tear gas plan the following month, explaining that negotiations with the Branch Davidians had stalemated and that the children inside the compound were at risk. “We will never know whether there was a better solution,” Reno said in 1995. “Everyone involved … made their best judgments based on all the information we had.” Nonetheless, a Republican-led congressional report called her decision “premature, wrong and highly irresponsible.” She was also criticized when facts emerged contradicting some of her earlier statements.
The Tribune post continued to discuss Reno’s position as a scapegoat:
Every day since she took office , she has been supervising at least one probe embarrassing to Clinton–Whitewater, fundraising, Lewinsky, China espionage, etc. Clinton can’t afford the political beating he would take if he cashiered her.
…But no such attorney general could have survived the Clinton scandals, much less survived them with her own reputation–and her department’s–intact.
Attorney Generals who have anything to do with the Clintons don’t seem to fare too well. They end up so embroiled in Clinton scandals that they, too, are pulled down into the mire, regardless of what their intentions were when they started out.
Lynch can see her future…and it has something to do with “Help Wanted” ads 
The last time Lynch was involved in the Clinton email kerfuffle, she promised to abide by FBI Director James Comey’s recommendation.
I wonder if she’ll make that same promise this time?
She really can’t, because if she does, it will show she was complicit with the Clintons the last time around, and also this time when she decried Comey’s release of information about the investigation.
I wonder if she and Hillary Clinton will be able to get adjoining cells when/if the truth comes out. Delivered by The Daily Sheeple 
We encourage you to share and republish our reports, analyses, breaking news and videos ( Click for details ). 
Contributed by Daisy Luther of DaisyLuther.com . ",0
15514,Wolf Blitzer Walks Into Middle Of Olive Garden Commercial To Announce Breaking Election Results - The Onion - America's Finest News Source,"Wolf Blitzer Walks Into Middle Of Olive Garden Commercial To Announce Breaking Election Results Close Vol 52 Issue 44 · News Media · Election 2016 
NEW YORK—Briskly striding into frame and interrupting a jubilant family meal, CNN anchor Wolf Blitzer reportedly entered the middle of an Olive Garden commercial airing during the network’s election coverage Tuesday night to announce a late-breaking election result. “Breaking news: CNN is calling Nevada for Hillary Clinton,” said Blitzer, stepping directly in front of a smiling mother passing a heaping plate of fettucine alfredo to her daughter and shushing the laughter of surrounding tables so that he could add that the victory dealt a severe blow to Donald Trump’s chances of reaching the Oval Office. “We are projecting that Secretary Clinton will take the crucial swing state’s six electoral votes, putting her on the inside track to securing the 270 electoral votes needed—hey, excuse me, will you please keep it down?—needed to win the presidency.” At press time, Blitzer was ducking in panic as the Olive Garden logo came swooping into frame. Share This Story: WATCH VIDEO FROM THE ONION Sign up For The Onion's Newsletter 
Give your spam filter something to do. Daily Headlines ",0
15515,Russia prevented Spain from diplomatical conflict denying its proposal,"Russia prevented Spain from diplomatical conflict denying its proposal 27.10.2016 | Source: AP Photo 
Russian ships led by the Admiral Kuznetsov aircraft carrier will not enter into the Spanish harbor of Ceuta because of the naval group's route change, the Russian embassy in Spain said Wednesday. 
""We confirm that the ships will not enter the Ceuta port because the route has changed,"" stated the embassy official. 
Earlier the Spanish Foreign Ministry said that Madrid was considering granting the Russian naval task group access to Ceuta on October 28-November 2, drawing criticism from NATO. 
On October 15, the Russian Northern Fleet's press service said that a group of warships headed by the Admiral Kuznetsov, accompanied by the Pyotr Veliky battle cruiser, the Severomorsk and Vice-Admiral Kulakov anti-submarine destroyers, and support vessels, had been sent to the Mediterranean to hold drills and strengthen capabilities. 
Such decision may sound ridiculous due to the fact that a week ago Spain has signed the EU's announce on Russian's military offence in Aleppo. Moreover, two weeks ago Spain had developed a resolution that blamed Russian's military activities in Syria. 
Pravda.Ru's political expert Alexander Chichin revealed the nature of the contrariety of Spain's policy on Russia. 
Expert said that this decision is connected with NATO's attitude. Initially it all was referred to one tanker which was not an issue for Spain. Then they discovered that there was a whole fleet. Afterwards spanish realised that this fleet included aircraft carrier 'Admiral Kusnetsov', cruiser 'Pyotr Veliky' and antisubmarine aircraft carrier 'Severomorsk'. 
That's why Spain had to refuse. At the moment spanish people say that they are very ashamed for not refusing straight away. They are disappointed that they have recieved NATO's warn. 
It is worth mentiong that Spain could have got benefits from this proposal because the country needs money. These ships during only six days could make a great sum of money from Russia to Spain. 
Spain had to choose between its international authoriy and its inner financial profits. Abandonnig the proposal, Russia saved Spain from resolving this kind of dilemma. 
Pravda.Ru 
Read article on the Russian version of Pravda.Ru Will Spain rise to glory with Felipe VI?",0
15516,Difficult Questions: How Much the Clinton-Trump Debates Matter - The New York Times,"Forty years later, a moment in the annals of presidential debates remains a classic, worth recalling as Hillary Clinton and Donald J. Trump prepare to go head to head on Monday. “There is no Soviet domination of Eastern Europe,” President Gerald R. Ford declared when he went up against Jimmy Carter in 1976, “and there never will be under a Ford administration. ” Reality could not have been more starkly different, and it was reflected in the startled reaction of a debate panelist who had brought up the issue: Max Frankel, a senior editor at The New York Times, who then became the newspaper’s editorial page editor and later executive editor. “I’m sorry,” Mr. Frankel said. He continued: “Did I understand you to say, sir, that the Russians are not using Eastern Europe as their own sphere of influence and occupying most of the countries there and making sure with their troops that it’s a Communist zone?” Undeterred, Ford went on to say that several Eastern European nations he named did not think of themselves as   and that “the United States does not concede” any domination exists. His misstep and the panelist’s instant response are recalled in an examination of presidential debates by Retro Report, a series of documentaries that explore important news stories of the past and their lasting impact. How deeply the debaters should be scrutinized is a question with special resonance this year, given that Mr. Trump, in particular, has earned enough “Pinocchios” from fact checkers to fill many Geppetto workshops. Then, too, the scheduled moderator for a third   debate, Chris Wallace of Fox News, has shrugged off suggestions that it is his duty to hold the candidates accountable if they leave critical facts in the dust. “I don’t view my role as ” he said, a comment that has drawn considerable fire. “” even if it was not called that, became the most enduring memory from that 1976 debate. Actually, Mr. Frankel thought he was tossing the president a lifeline, not a gotcha line. “My giving Ford a chance to clarify was instinctive,” born of journalistic tradition, he said in a recent email exchange. “We do not trap a president with trick questions or acquiesce in confusion. We aim to explain policy, and should follow up if he has left his meaning unclear. ” Across the years, presidential debates have tended to be remembered less for their intellectual heft than for their gaffes and   be it Ford’s stumble, or Ronald Reagan’s “there you go again” riposte in 1980, or Michael Dukakis’s bloodless answer in 1988 on how he would react if his wife were raped and murdered, or George Bush’s impatient glance at his wristwatch in 1992, or Al Gore’s exasperated exhaling in 2000  —   proof that Herman Hupfeld didn’t get it quite right in his   song, “As Time Goes By,” of “Casablanca” fame. Sometimes, a sigh is not just a sigh. But whether bloopers and snappy retorts are game changers is a question that has dogged presidential election debates since the first one, held on another Sept. 26, in 1960, between John F. Kennedy and Richard Nixon. Their encounter is Retro Report’s main focus, notably the story line that swiftly took root. It held that Kennedy won on good looks alone, that against a light backdrop he appeared crisp and commanding in his dark suit while Nixon, recovering from an injury, looked pale and sweaty, his bearing hardly improved by an   gray suit. Those who saw none of that and only listened on radio  —   a far more common situation in 1960 America than today  —   believed Nixon had triumphed. So the story went. Many scholars have debunked that narrative, among them David Greenberg, a professor of history, journalism and media studies at Rutgers University. In the Retro Report video, Professor Greenberg contends that Kennedy’s overall performance, not just his looks, won the day. He showed, as a senator, that he could hold his own again a sitting vice president. As for Nixon’s supposedly prevailing on radio, the evidence for that is skimpy because, Professor Greenberg noted, no scientifically rigorous surveys were done at the time. (Whatever the reality, Nixon felt burned by the experience and came to view television warily  —   until he ran again for president in 1968, this time successfully, tutored in the art of the camera by a young producer named Roger Ailes. Mr. Ailes, ousted in July as chairman of Fox News, is once again a media mentor, for Mr. Trump.) When it comes to substance, and not just a stumble here or a clever line there, can a debate make or break a candidacy? Experts have long been divided. Some consider the debates decisive. That view was offered last month by Gary May, a University of Delaware historian, who wrote on the Daily Beast website, “For good or ill, television’s laserlike eye reveals the candidates’ fitness for the presidency. ” Well, maybe not, suggests another academician, John Sides, an associate professor of political science at George Washington University. Writing in Washington Monthly in 2012, Professor Sides said, “Scholars who have looked most carefully at the data have found that, when it comes to shifting enough votes to decide the outcome of the election, presidential debates have rarely, if ever, mattered. ” Even blunders may not be   right away. Mr. Frankel acknowledged that he himself had not immediately recognized the damaging potential of Ford’s “no Soviet domination” remarks. Many other Americans also failed to see it until newspaper and television analyses shaped their consensus that a serious presidential slip had occurred. These days, voters no longer need to wait for received wisdom to form. They can get it, or at least what passes for wisdom, in real time by watching squiggly lines on their television screens that represent focus group impressions of the candidates, or by following an avalanche of opinions put forth by the commentariat on Twitter and other social media. As a share of the United States population, the television audience for debates has declined. The number of viewers in 2012, about 67 million, was pretty much what it was in 1960. But there were an estimated 314 million Americans in 2012 and only 180 million in 1960. Of course, millions of people these days, both in this country and overseas, may be tuning in via online streaming services. In decline or not, “debates are important,” Mr. Frankel said, “because we normally get so few opportunities to meet the candidates and confront them with difficult questions. ” For Professor Greenberg, the merits of what the candidates say onstage may not be as important as the mere fact that they stand there, subjecting themselves to a grilling before millions of eyes and ears. “Debates draw strength from their status as important rituals,” he wrote in the journal Daedalus in 2009. The experience, he said, “serves, in some quiet way, to thicken our commitments to political life. ”",0
15517,Parent Activists Outraged as West Virginia Republicans Amend Their Own Bill to Replace Common Core - Breitbart,"Parent activists battling to replace the Common Core standards in West Virginia are outraged that the very Republican lawmakers who sponsored a bill to replace the Core with highly acclaimed   standards have voted to amend the legislation. [“I am just sick and tired of seeing the unethical actions, stretching the truth, manipulating the circumstances and using rules and regulations written by an administrative agency, i. e. the State Board of Education, to control the   of our children,” West Virginia education activist David Flinn tells Breitbart News. “The truth is never heard or seen by the people and even some of the legislators because the whole story is never aired. ”  Some Republican lawmakers and education bureaucrats in West Virginia are jointly explaining their actions by declaring that the Common Core standards have already been “repealed” in the state when, in fact, the current standards  —   called the West Virginia   and   Standards  —   consist of language that is identical to Common Core. The legislators succeeded in altering a bill that would have replaced the rudimentary Common Core standards in the state with the highly acclaimed 1997 California math standards and the equally celebrated 2001 Massachusetts English and Language Arts (ELA) standards. SB 524 now no longer requires the state to adopt any new standards, but still says the state Board of Education is “prohibited from implementing Common Core academic standards. ” State Sen. Robert Karnes, a Republican and a sponsor of the original measure, actually suggested the amendment to the bill that removed the adoption of the California and Massachusetts standards. Another of Karnes’s amendments changed the date West Virginia would be “prohibited from implementing Common Core academic standards” from July 1, 2017, to July 1, 2018. Karnes spoke at length with Breitbart News, describing the intense political pressure from   Core forces and their political allies to keep the current state standards, which, he agrees, amount to a “Common Core rebrand. ” “I would say our current standards are well over 99 percent the same as Common Core,” he states. “I don’t disagree with that. ” Karnes says he appreciates the California and Massachusetts standards, and even spent time over a year ago speaking with Dr. Sandra Stotsky, who helped develop the Massachusetts ELA standards. Dr. Jim Milgram of Stanford University led the development of the 1997 California math standards. He explains: I’m fine with those standards, but there was a real concerted effort by some to  …    I don’t know if you could exactly say slander, but let’s just say they hit those standards very hard for being old and out of touch  …    and it was carrying a lot of weight. So, the amendment, essentially, served one purpose, and that was to keep the bill alive and move it over to the House. And there’s an effort over there to define more clearly what we did in the amendment, essentially saying that state teachers, state educators, will be involved in any standards formulation, adoption, etc. We put that in there, and I’m told that on the House side they’ve got some even better language. But, having those specific standards in there, I believe would have essentially killed the bill. It’s better to keep it moving than to watch it die. Some Republicans in the state senate, however, are proclaiming Common Core to be already dead in West Virginia. State Senate Education Committee chairman Kenny Mann, a Republican who   the original bill to replace Common Core with the higher level standards, held up a state death certificate on the West Virginia Senate floor and said, “I want to just use this to say that Common Core is dead in West Virginia. I strongly believe that. ” Parent education activist Erin Tuttle, who dealt with a similar struggle against establishment Republican lawmakers in Indiana, testified early on before a West Virginia House education committee about a bill to repeal Common Core in that state. She tells Breitbart News: Despite boastful claims from state legislators that Common Core was repealed, the people of West Virginia aren’t buying it. The fact that every school is still using Common Core textbooks and administering a Common Core test (Smarter Balance) is an everyday reminder to students, parents, and teachers that the state legislature’s claim is false. Education bureaucrats and their political allies, however, are continuing the narrative that all standards are basically the same and that the California and Massachusetts standards are outdated. According to the Charleston   bureaucrat Sarah Stewart, director of policy and government relations for the West Virginia Department of Education, said her department recommended removing the renowned California and Massachusetts standards from the bill. She added that, with the removal of the amendment to adopt the   standards, the state board of education would now not be required to change the current standards. “I think all standards have a layer of commonality,” Stewart said. “We’re not arbitrarily gonna teach something different at third grade just for the sake of being different. So I think that our standards that we have in place were adopted with the input of teachers, so we will have met the statutory requirements if this bill passes. ” “State Schools Superintendent Michael Martirano publicly argues that the state school board already repealed Common Core when it made its last revisions to the standards,” reports the  . Democrat state Sen. Bob Plymale, reports The Legislature, a West Virginia School Board Association publication, questioned state Senate Majority Leader Ryan Ferns (R) also a sponsor of the Common Core replacement bill. “In the bill, it also says that you’ll repeal Common Core,” Plymale said. “That’s already been repealed. Why in the world would we put that in the bill?” Ferns replied, “It’s my understanding that the Smarter Assessment [sic] part of Common Core was adjusted, but no new standards were adopted. ” Plymale said Ferns was incorrect, attacking the bill for calling for the Core’s replacement with the California and Massachusetts standards. “The standards that are put forth in this bill aren’t even used in the states that are referred to,” Plymale said. “For example, the 1997 standards aren’t even being used in California. ” “I think we’re directing the state board to use these standards that were established in 1997 in California and 2001 in Massachusetts,” Plymale continued. “The standards that we have now were adopted by teachers  —   the teachers’ input. They went around the state. ” Much to the outrage of parents and many educators in the states of California and Massachusetts, their state legislatures and governors replaced their   standards with the Common Core, in exchange for federal grant money and relief from the burdensome No Child Left Behind federal legislation. Jamie Gass, education director at the   Pioneer Institute, wrote at Breitbart News in 2014 about the effects of removing their higher quality standards and replacing them with Common Core: Today Massachusetts’ SAT scores are down 20 points from their 2006 highs.   reading scores are the best predictor of future academic success. Last year, after several years of stagnation, the percentage of Massachusetts   who scored proficient or advanced on MCAS reading tests fell to its lowest level since 2009. At 57 percent, the portion of   reading at or above the proficient level is 10 points lower than it was in 2002. “Martirano and Plymale have been behind all of the opposition arguments in every year that we have been fighting Common Core,” Flinn says. “They, with the help of others who we, at various times were convinced were on our side, in the end cooperated with the opposition to kill our bills to stop or repeal. ” The state senate approved the “symbolic Common Core repeal” by a vote of   in favor of the amended SB 524, according to West Virginia Public Broadcasting. The report notes: The bill, which originally repealed Common Core and replaced the state’s current education standards with those from Massachusetts and California from 20 years ago, now only ensures West Virginia is no longer a part of the memorandum of understanding between states in the Common Core consortium. It no longer requires the replacement of standards, but a “cyclical review” which must include West Virginia educators. The bill now heads to the West Virginia House of Delegates. Angela Summers of West Virginia Against Common Core posted the following to the group’s Facebook account: Karnes says the bill as it passed the state senate still has some value: There’s a couple of things in there that are still worthy, in the sense that we officially terminate the Common Core standards  —   which is of marginal value  —   but the other thing that it does  —   which is of more value  —   is that it withdraws us from the memorandum of understanding, so that our state is no longer in any way bound to the Common Core standards. So, better that we’re   than tied to that system. When you’re still part of the consortium related to Common Core, you’re bound  —   you’ve signed off on this agreement  —   so that we won’t deviate more than 15 percent from Common Core. So, this bill does completely cut us free from our involvement with the consortium, and, therefore, any changes that we do in our standards from this point forward are no longer bound by that 15 percent limitation. The Republican state senator, however, appears doubtful about whether the higher level California and Massachusetts standards will get back into the bill in the state House: One of our issues is that we have a lot of educators in the House side, and I think they’re not convinced on those [California and Massachusetts] standards. And, so, I think if they’re not convinced on those standards as being the best standards, so between what I knew was going on over there, and what I knew was going on over here, I was pretty comfortable with the idea that, if we didn’t put that amendment in there, the bill was going to die. “As long as the House can still work on it, it’s not dead and we still have something to work with,” Karnes says. “Not dead is better than dead. ” The Common Core standards are owned by two private groups: the Council of Chief State School Officers (CCSSO) and the National Governors Association (NGA). Two   test consortia funded by the U. S. Department of Education  —   Partnership for Assessment of Readiness for College and Careers (PARCC) and the Smarter Balanced Assessment Consortium (SBAC)  —   have developed assessments based on the Common Core standards. Both consortia have dwindled significantly in their membership, however, as grassroots parent groups around the country have pressed lawmakers to break free from the Common Core reform. Tuttle says state lawmakers must educate themselves about the true nature of the Common Core reform and work for what is educationally sound for the children of their states. “Until state legislators stop lying to themselves and admit what everyone else knows to be true, very little progress will be made by West Virginia’s schools,” she says. “The state legislature needs to face reality and pass a bill that not only repeals Common Core, but ensures it is replaced by standards that work. ” Mann and Ferns did not return Breitbart News’s request for comment.",0
15518,"Orlando, Hillary Clinton, Donald Trump: Your Monday Evening Briefing - The New York Times","(Want to get this briefing by email? Here’s the  .) Good evening. Here’s the latest. 1. Waves of grief, shock and anger spread through the country after the deadliest mass shooting in U. S. history. Most of the 49 people killed at a gay club in Orlando early Sunday were in their 20s and 30s. Anguish over the carnage exposed some of the nation’s deepest fault lines: gay vulnerabilities, fear of immigrants and Muslims, gun control, and the limits of domestic security. _____ 2. The gunman, Omar Mateen, 29, claimed allegiance to the Islamic State over the phone with negotiators before being killed in a gunfight. A survivor told of cowering for hours in a bathroom stall  —   and hearing two people hiding in the next one being shot dead. Investigators pored over the gunman’s history: born in New York to Afghan immigrants, abusive to his former wife, once claiming a connection to Al Qaeda, two pilgrimages to Saudi Arabia. _____ 3. After a briefing, President Obama said the gunman appeared to be a homegrown extremist. He also urged Americans to reconsider gun laws that “make it very easy for individuals who are troubled, or disturbed, or want to engage in violent acts to obtain very powerful weapons very easily, and it’s a problem. ” 4. The attack loomed over the presidential race. Donald Trump seized on the attack to criticize the president, calling him a “fool. ” Mr. Trump continued to question the loyalties of Muslims in the U. S. saying that they should turn in terrorists in their midst and warning that “thousands of people already in our country are sick with hate. ” Hillary Clinton called for resolve and political unity, saying that “lone wolves” could be hunted down and that “weapons of war” should removed from the streets. _____ 5. In Orlando, people lined up by the hundreds to donate blood for the victims. “I’ve been here 13 years and never seen a response like this,” a blood center official said. _____ 6. Flags flew at   at U. S. embassies and in the capital, and messages of condolence flooded in from around the world. Tim Cook, the C. E. O. of Apple, led a moment of silence at the company’s annual developers conference. (That overshadowed the news there: App developers will be able to incorporate messaging and the Siri voice command system.) _____ 7. The biggest business deal of the day: Microsoft is acquiring LinkedIn for $26. 2 billion. The move is the latest, and biggest, sign that Satya Nadella, Microsoft’s C. E. O. is betting the future on cloud computing, moving away from the traditional software business that Bill Gates started with. _____ 8. The Supreme Court delivered a setback to Puerto Rico’s efforts to handle its deepening fiscal crisis. The justices rejected the territory’s bid to revive a law that would have let it cut billions of dollars in debt at public utilities. Above, New York’s Puerto Rican Day parade, which took place on Sunday. _____ 9. In the N. B. A. finals, the Cleveland Cavaliers beat the Golden State Warriors   forcing a Game 6 and staving off elimination in the finals. Big performances from LeBron James and Kyrie Irving helped the Cavaliers send the series back to Cleveland. _____ 10. A judge in Oregon has allowed this retired U. S. Army sergeant to legally choose neither sex and be classified as “nonbinary. ” Transgender rights advocates called it a landmark ruling. Born male, the petitioner, Jamie, took hormone treatments to transition to female, but discovered that neither sex fit. “I’m at peace with my biology,” Jamie said. _____ 11. Lastly, the most ambitious   aircraft yet has passed another milestone. The Solar Impulse 2 soared over New York Harbor this weekend, landing at J. F. K. at the end of its 14th leg, its last in the U. S. Next up: crossing the Atlantic, to a destination to be determined by weather and wind forecasts. _____ Your Evening Briefing is posted at 6 p. m. Eastern. And don’t miss Your Morning Briefing, posted weekdays at 6 a. m. Eastern, and Your Weekend Briefing, posted at 6 a. m. Sundays. Want to look back? Here’s the Weekend Briefing. What did you like? What do you want to see here? Let us know at briefing@nytimes. com.",0
15519,3 Priceless Zen Teachings on Fear,"3 Priceless Zen Teachings on Fear Nov 4, 2016 21 2 
If the ego had an engine, its fuel would be fear. Trepidation isn’t all bad, but it certainly has its time and place. Fear can render us quivering and useless, or motivate us toward change. In the study of Zen, we learn how to not only overcome our fears, but to become fearless. This is called the Lion’s Roar of Zazen . 
The lion is the living embodiment of self-possessed power. This animal has dominion over all he sees as well as the courage, speed, and might to attain all he desires. His deportment is regal and calm, though, never bullying and neither shrinking. The metaphor of the lion is used to describe how one overcomes fear in the Majjhima Nikaya , a Collection of Middle Length Discourses on Buddha’s teachings, and they are immaculate at describing the fears most of us face. Many Zen teachers describe how to become regal and fearless in their discourses as well. Fear of the Loss of Life 
Zen master, D.T. Suzuki says that fear of the loss of body is usually what we must overcome first. Following this, an internal consciousness becomes aware that we are threatening the slated, well-accepted notion of being merely corporeal, and we ‘think’ we are frightened. Suzuki says we needn’t look any further than the bodily sensations that arise when we simply ponder fearfulness. An empty feeling in the lower abdomen ensues, there is an immobility at the base of the tongue, and our breathing becomes restricted. If we were to remove these sensations, though, fear becomes a meaningless thing. 
Szkuki attests that according to Zazen, we aim to keep a lower abdomen full of power , the breathing always uniform, the heart beat tranquil, and the muscles of the whole body resilient so that if emotions like fear arise, they can easily be encountered and dismissed. Fear of the Loss of ‘Self’ 
Some fear is understandable, even – such as when we realize we must face a spiritual death in order to progress on our path. Although we may long to richer higher levels of consciousness, we aren’t always so keen to let go of the habits and crutches that have propped up our current level of awareness. As the Sufi poet Rumi once said , “No one will find his way to the Court of Magnificence until he is annihilated.” 
Other types of fear make us meek and fallible. Our consciousness easily wavers, and we cannot attain Mu , or a state of Zen , let alone get on with our daily activities. It is only by cultivating the 4 Zen States of Mind that we can ‘fill our abdomens’ with power and roar like a lion with fearlessness. 4 Zen States of Mind Shoshin or “Beginner’s Mind” ( 初心 ) is the first stage in cultivating fearlessness. Think of a time when you were excited, and eager to start a new endeavor. There might have been unknowns, but you were brimming with glee over trying something new. This is the type of mind we want to cultivate with all aspects of life. Instead of begin nervous or fearful, we can aim to be eager and open, accepting all that comes our way. In order to approach life from the beginner’s mind we need to let of preconceived notions, and be optimistic. If you’ve been able to have this feeling with one thing you’ve done in life, you can translate that feeling to other areas also. Fudoushin ( 不動心 ) means you have an “Immovable Mind .” It doesn’t mean you are stubborn, but fudoushin does translate to being determined in the face of obstacles. Does a lion run away from present danger? Hardly. The animal doesn’t get angry or judgmental about obstacles either. He is peaceful like the eye of the storm until he is upon his prey. If you can develop fudoushin when you are under stress, you will be unstoppable in life. Mushin (無心) or “Without Mind.” This is a similar philosophy to the Chinese Taoist idea of wei wuwei. When we are ‘in the zone’ working on a great masterpiece or doing something we love, we’ve likely already experienced the state of mushin. When we are empty of thoughts, yet moving and acting purely in the present moment, without fear, anger, ego, or other emotion, we are a force to be reckoned with. By developing equanimity and learning how to focus to the point of no-thought, we can cultivate mushin. The last of the four states of Zen Mind is called Zanshin ( 残心 ) which literally translates to “Remaining Mind.” This state of mind contains two precise elements. It means you are both relaxed and keenly aware of your surroundings. This is the state that marital artists aim to be in so that they can react at any moment to anything that comes their way. By maintaining relaxed alertness fear cannot sway you, even in the face of a frightening opponent. Fear of Suffering 
The Buddha taught that self-grasping and ignorance are the root of all remaining fears. Healthy fears aside , our tendency to try to avoid suffering – the fear of failure, heartbreak, being trapped, being lost, etc. are all caused by a single root – and arise from the mind. In Shantideva’s Guide to the Bodhisattva Way of Life , is is said that the Buddha articulated, “The source of all our fear comes from our own uncontrolled minds or “delusions.”” 
In order to overcome this root cause of fear, the Buddha, and Zen masters alike, teach to strive for no-self or emptiness. This doesn’t mean a nihilistic view for life is adopted. Friedrich Nietzsche accused Buddhism of being existentialist , but the Buddha taught us to seek the Middle Way between the mundane and the spiritual, seeing objects as real but dependently originated, not-self and unsatisfactory. Instead of seeing all things as pointless and empty, we see mundane life as meaningless but recognize spiritual goals as meaningful. 
As the Zen master, Sojo has said , “Heaven and earth and I are of the same root, the ten-thousand things and I are of one substance.” 
After all, even once the Buddha gave up all his worldly possessions he realized he was no closer to achieving Nirvana. He discovered that exaggerated asceticism was not required to attain enlightenment. 
By learning how to work through these fears, we can achieve the ‘lion’s roar’ of full realization.",0
15520,"Lights, Camera, Propaganda! Washington's Anti-Russia Campaign Invades Hollywood - Danielle Ryan","Lights, Camera, Propaganda! Washington's Anti-Russia Campaign Invades Hollywood 
Keep those Russian baddies coming! Originally appeared at RT 
For years the influence of the CIA in Hollywood was hidden and unacknowledged. Now it’s more of an open secret; not publicized, but pretty easy to read up on if you care. Just ask the spy agency’s Entertainment Industry Liaison. 
Yes, such a thing really exists . 
You see, the CIA’s man in Hollywood wants to help actors, authors, directors, producers and screenwriters “gain a better understanding” of the intelligence agency in order to ensure “accurate portrayals” of its activities. It even wants to help fire up the neurons and actually give you some good ideas if you’re coming up short in that department. Indeed, the CIA provides “inspiration for future storylines” and lists them on its website. Of course, it’s all in the interest of creating authentic and balanced portrayals of US intelligence agencies and the US military. And they’re quite busy, too. Between 2006 and 2011, the CIA public relations office had input into at least 22 film and movie projects. 
In a column for the Washington Post in 2011, David Sirota noted that the Pentagon too enlists the help of Hollywood for PR purposes when things are going awry and Americans are becoming weary of war. Movies like Top Gun in the 1980s and Zero Dark Thirty more recently were made in consultation with the Pentagon and White House. The result of this“creative input for Pentagon assistance” bargain created an entertainment culture “rigged to produce relatively few anti-war movies and dozens of blockbusters that glorify the military” and which amounts to “government subsidized propaganda,” 
The CIA has had a hand in creating TV shows like 24, Homeland andAlias. The Americans — an FX show about two Russian spies living undercover in the US — was created by a former CIA agent, and the agency reportedly approves the scripts for each episode. 
A piece in the Guardian in 2008 called the CIA’s involvement in Hollywood a “tale of deception and subversion that would seem improbable if it were put on screen”. Of course, it’s unlikely to be put on screen, given that the agency which provides guidance on CIA-related movies (...) is the CIA. 
Enlisting Hollywood help with “anti-Russia messaging” 
Remember the “inspiration for future storylines” list mentioned earlier? Well, guess what? The liaison’s “current pick” for a possible future movie project is about one Ryszard Kukliński — a Polish colonel and spy for NATO who spent years passing secret Soviet documents to the CIA. I wonder why they’d be interested in that sort of thing right now. It couldn’t be anything to do with deteriorating relations between Russia and the West, could it? 
It may sound like conspiracy theory, but the 2014 hack of Sony Pictures Entertainment revealed that the the US State Department has actively sought out the biggest players in Hollywood and tried to enlist their help with what they called“anti-Russia messaging” for the public’s consumption through innocent entertainment. In other words, the government asked Hollywood for help producing propaganda — although I’m sure the State Department would call it something nicer. 
Richard Stengel, the US under secretary for public diplomacy, wrote to Sony CEO Mark Lynton explaining that the government needed help countering both ISIS and “Russian narratives” and said this wasn’t something the State Department could do “on its own”. He suggested convening a meeting of media executives to discuss ideas, content, production and “commercial possibilities”. Lynton responded with a list of media executives at other entertainment companies including Disney and Fox. It’s unclear from the emails whether that meeting Stengel requested ever happened, but judging by much of the recent entertainment industry output, one might be forgiven for assuming it did. 
Negative depictions of Russia in American and British news and entertainment media are hardly new — but at least as far as I can tell, there’s certainly been an uptick over the past 12-18 months, and it coincides nicely with a major US government-led anti-Russia messaging campaign which has also spilled over into much of Western print and broadcast media. Gratuitous mentions of Russia and Vladimir Putin where they are not necessary are becoming tiresome. For me, the last straw was sitting down to watch Bridget Jones’s Baby last month and being subjected to an entirely unnecessary and irrelevant subplot about the anti-Putin punk band Pussy Riot and their struggle for free speech. It was the last straw because it was just one more in a long line of useless allusions to big bad Russia that seemed to come from nowhere. 
For me, the last straw was sitting down to watch Bridget Jones’s Baby last month and being subjected to an entirely unnecessary and irrelevant subplot about the anti-Putin punk band Pussy Riot and their struggle for free speech. 
In the Netflix political drama House of Cards, Pussy Riot — the real ones this time — got their own cameo alongside evil Putin (not the real one). But even when there isn’t a major storyline attached to Russia, somehow the country frequently gets thrown in anyway. Russia is still the go-to country when there needs to be a joke about scary or immoral foreigners. There are endless examples. 
In NBC’s Scandal, one character suggests Putin might randomly invade Belarus. In CBS’s Madam Secretary, one character spews the line: “I can’t go back to Russia, it’s a pigsty.” In the recently released movie Bad Moms, one of the bad moms, protesting something or other which I can’t recall, shouts “What is this, Russia?” The short-running show Allegiancewas entirely about a Russian sleeper cell in the US which was suddenly reactivated and whose members — now fully adapted to blissful life in America — no longer wanted anything to do with Russia. How original. 
NBC’s Blacklist has given us multiple Russian baddies and the sitcom 2 Broke Girls has made its fair share of Putin jokes. The third installment of The Purge introduced us to a gang of menacing Russian “murder tourists” who take advantage of the annual 12-hour period during which any crime, including murder, becomes legal. I could go on, but you get the idea: Russians are bad. 
Is it all CIA influence? Is it all the result of the State Department’s“anti-Russia messaging” campaign? Not necessarily. While the CIA does have huge influence in Hollywood on specific projects, many of the random negative references to Russia are probably the result of a media information war which naturally spills over into the creative output of writers and directors. Many of them probably shouldn’t be blamed too harshly. They’re fed a diet of anti-Russia messaging through the news media, so it’s no wonder these kinds of lines end up in their movies and TV shows. 
Interestingly, in June, the Senate Intelligence Committee included an amendment to Congress’ annual intelligence spending bill which would require the Director of National Intelligence to submit reports detailing the relationship between the CIA and Hollywood. But the Senate committee is no doubt less worried about the propaganda effects and more worried about the CIA divulging sensitive and classified information to movie directors, as was the case, controversially, with Zero Dark Thirty. 
Anyway, tip for aspiring filmmakers and TV producers: Leave the Russia jokes out. It’s getting boring. Did you enjoy this article? - Consider helping us! Russia Insider depends on your donations: the more you give, the more we can do. $1 $10 Other amount 
If you wish you make a tax-deductible contribution of $1,000 or more, please visit our Support page for instructions Click here for our commenting guidelines On fire",0
15521,Germany to Fit Ankle Trackers to Suspected Jihadists,"BERLIN (AFP)  —   Germany’s government on Wednesday approved the use of ankle bracelets to monitor extremists considered potentially dangerous as it moves to get tough on suspected jihadists after the Berlin truck attack. [The proposed measure would allow the federal criminal police to electronically track the movements of a person deemed a security threat, even before they have been convicted of a crime.  “Ankle bracelets are not a panacea but they are an important instrument to facilitate the surveillance of dangerous people,” Interior Minister Thomas de Maiziere said after the cabinet agreed to a change in the law to allow the measure. The proposal still has to be approved by parliament. It comes as part of a series of security reforms announced in response to the December 19 attack in which Tunisian national Anis Amri plough a truck into a crowded Christmas market in Berlin, killing 12 people. The attack was claimed by the extremist Islamic State group, with Amri shot dead by Italian police in Milan several days later. Public anger quickly erupted after it emerged that Amri was already on the radar of intelligence services and was known to have links to Islamist radicals. As a failed asylum seeker, he should have been deported months before the attack but Tunisia failed to send the necessary paperwork in time. The German government has since vowed to speed up deportations and mooted plans to place rejected asylum seekers who are considered a threat in detention ahead of their expulsion. German security services have a list of more than 550 Islamists considered “threats to public security” who have lived or currently reside in Germany. Interior ministry spokesman Johannes Dimroth declined to speculate how many suspects might now face electronic monitoring. “How many of them could in the future be affected by such a measure is a purely hypothetical question,” he told reporters in Berlin.",0
15522,Report--White House Computer Logs: Susan Rice Accessed Intel Reports Re Trump Associates,"Circa News reported Monday that White House staffers found logs that document and date stamp President Barack Obama’s national security adviser Susan Rice accessing intelligence reports that included associates of the Donald Trump’s 2016 presidential campaign:[Intelligence sources said the logs discovered by National Security Council staff suggested Rice’s interest in the NSA materials, some of which included unmasked Americans’ identities, appeared to begin last July around the time Trump secured the GOP nomination and accelerated after Trump’s election in November launched a transition that continued through January. The intelligence reports included some intercepts of Americans talking to foreigners and many more involving foreign leaders talking about the future president, his campaign associates or his transition, the sources said. Most if not all had nothing to do with the Russian election interference scandal, the sources said, speaking only on condition of anonymity given the sensitive nature of the materials. When intelligence or law enforcement agencies accidentally gather information related to American citizens, outside their legally sanctioned collection mission, the data appears in reports with simple labels, such as American 1 or American 2. However, when the reports were circulated inside the Obama administration, the actual names were used, or unmasked, or labelled in a way that made the speaker’s identity obvious.  The report written by Sara Carter and John Solomon also quotes an intelligence source, who said it is the common practice to step up surveillance of foreign governments after an election and that after Trump’s surprise victory Nov. 8 this ramped up intelligence gathering provided more opportunities for incidental collection of Trump associates, as the transition team reached out to foreign governments to prepare for the new administration.",0
15523,The Arrivals Bosanski Prijevod 15-hollywoodAndThePromisedLand,Support Us The Arrivals Bosanski Prijevod 15-hollywoodAndThePromisedLand,0
15524,"FBI Director Just Admitted His New Hillary Probe Is A Smear To Help Trump, GOP","Comments FBI Director James Comey just followed up his first memo to Congress with a “cover your ass” memo to his staff in The Washington Post. The impact within the FBI has been swift after the first memo. Newsweek is reporting that the Republican FBI Director’s inappropriate letter to Congress put him in a very danger of a “mutiny at the FBI,” whose proper role is protecting America from domestic terror threats and investigating serious crimes – not influencing elections. In the FBI Director’s second letter, he admitted that his agency doesn’t “ordinarily tell Congress about ongoing investigations,” and that he doesn’t know anything about, “the significance of this newly discovered collection of emails.” He also claimed that, “I don’t want to create a misleading impression,” and Comey then made a final admission that, “in the middle of an election season, there is a signficant risk of being misunderstood.” Well, it’s too late now. FBI Dir. Comey sent a second letter today – to FBI employees. He seems to have some doubts about what he did (via WashPost) pic.twitter.com/IagFJRZYyU 
— West Wing Reports (@WestWingReport) October 29, 2016 Newsweek’s report about this latest non-scandal points out firmly that the FBI Director’s letter literally points out emails that have nothing to do with the Democratic nominee. 
The disclosure by the Federal Bureau of Investigation late on Friday, October 28 that it had discovered potential new evidence in its inquiry into Hillary Clinton’s handling of her personal email when she was Secretary of State has virtually nothing to do with any actions taken by the Democratic nominee, according to government records and an official with knowledge of the investigation, who spoke to Newsweek on condition of anonymity. The revelation that the FBI has discovered additional emails convulsed the political world, and led to widespread (and erroneous) claims and speculation. 
Moreover, despite the widespread claims in the media that this development had prompted the FBI to “reopen” of the case, it did not; What we know: FBI found some emails on a new device. They dont know whats in them or if they're copies or if they're classified. That's it. 
— Kurt Eichenwald (@kurteichenwald) October 29, 2016 Sources inside the FBI told Newsweek they were furious with Director Comey’s rare public revelations from the Clinton investigation from the start. Comey’s decision to leak news about a politically driven investigation is threatening his professional standing and ability to function inside the Bureau. Newsweek’s top investigative reporter Kurt Eichenwald told the story in a tweetstorm: Word from inside @FBI . FURIOUS at Comey, think he's mishandled public revelations from get go. ""Outrageous incompetence"" one agent told me. 
— Kurt Eichenwald (@kurteichenwald) October 29, 2016 If Comey doesn't get ahead of this, going to have a mutiny at @FBI . ""This is why u say 'We dont talk about investigations'"" one told me…. 
— Kurt Eichenwald (@kurteichenwald) October 29, 2016 …his original decision to lay out info on clinton case, then opine on what it meant outside of criminal findings, infuriated these folks.. 
— Kurt Eichenwald (@kurteichenwald) October 29, 2016 …to begin with, because it was inappropriate precedent set. Then it set him up for what he did today, and because he knew how angry… 
— Kurt Eichenwald (@kurteichenwald) October 29, 2016 …people inside were with him, he was trying to play to two audiences — updating his testimony while not revealing too much. But that…. 
— Kurt Eichenwald (@kurteichenwald) October 29, 2016 ….just made everything worse. 
— Kurt Eichenwald (@kurteichenwald) October 29, 2016 
The FBI has a difficult job to perform in the best of times, and when it comes to political investigations agents must walk a tightrope between performing their duties properly, and unduly influencing public opinion with the results of their investigations. For an entire year, they managed to quietly, but diligently investigate the sensitive matters surrounding Hillary Clinton’s emails which they ultimately concluded, “were not a cliff-hanger” because there was literally no there, there. 
These events show precisely why the FBI does not ordinarily publicly release the results or targets of their investigations until charges are filed. 
These memos have set off a chain off events sure to end with the termination of his tenure as head of the agency. A serious criminal complaint has already been levied against him by the Democratic Coalition Against Trump for engaging in partisan activity. Related Items:",0
15525,"Weakened Democrats Bow to Voters, Opting for Total War on Trump - The New York Times","WASHINGTON  —   Reduced to their weakest state in a generation, Democratic Party leaders will gather in two cities this weekend to plot strategy and select a new national chairman with the daunting task of rebuilding the party’s depleted organization. But senior Democratic officials concede that the blueprint has already been chosen for them  —   by an incensed army of liberals demanding no less than total war against President Trump. Immediately after the November election, Democrats were divided over how to handle Mr. Trump, with one camp favoring   confrontation and another backing a seemingly less risky approach of coaxing him to the center with offers of compromise. Now, spurred by explosive protests and a torrent of angry phone calls and emails from constituents  —   and outraged themselves by Mr. Trump’s swift moves to enact a   agenda  —   Democrats have all but cast aside any notion of conciliation with the White House. Instead, they are mimicking the Republican approach of the last eight years  —   the “party of no”  —   and wagering that brash obstruction will pay similar dividends. Gov. Jay Inslee of Washington, vice chairman of the Democratic Governors Association, said there had been a “tornado of support” for    resistance to Mr. Trump. Mr. Inslee, who backed a lawsuit against the president’s executive order banning refugee admissions and travel from seven   countries, said Democrats intended to send a stern message to Mr. Trump during a conference of governors in the nation’s capital. “My belief is, we have to resist every way and everywhere, every time we can,” when Mr. Trump offends core American values, Mr. Inslee said. By undermining Mr. Trump across the board, he said, Democrats hope to split Republicans away from a president of their own party. “Ultimately, we’d like to have a few Republicans stand up to rein him in,” Mr. Inslee said. “The more air goes out of his balloon, the earlier and likelier that is to happen. ” Yet Democrats acknowledge there is a wide gulf between the party’s desire to fight Mr. Trump and its power to thwart him, quietly worrying that the expectations of the party’s activist base may outpace what Democratic lawmakers can achieve. “They want us to impeach him immediately,” said Representative John Yarmuth, Democrat of Kentucky. “And of course we can’t do that by ourselves. ” Some in the party also fret that a posture of unremitting hostility to the president could imperil lawmakers in red states that Mr. Trump won last year, or compromise efforts for Democrats to present themselves to moderate voters as an inoffensive alternative to the polarizing president. Rarely have Democrats been so weakened. Republicans control the White House, both chambers of Congress and 33 governorships, and they are preparing to install a fifth conservative, Neil M. Gorsuch, on the Supreme Court. Further, because of changes to Senate rules that were enacted under Democratic control, the party has been unable to block Mr. Trump’s cabinet nominees from being confirmed by a simple majority vote. Democrats, in other words, have few instruments at the moment to wound Mr. Trump’s administration in the manner their core voters are demanding. Still, a mood of stiff opposition has taken hold on Capitol Hill, with Democrats besieged by constituents enraged by Mr. Trump’s actions  —   and lawmakers sharing their alarm. “We have to fight like hell to stop him and hopefully save our country,” said Senator Jeff Merkley, Democrat of Oregon, echoing the   stakes liberal voters are giving voice to at crowded town hall meetings. Senator Thomas R. Carper of Delaware, a     Democrat up for   in 2018, cautioned that loathing Mr. Trump, on its own, was not a governing strategy. He said he still hoped for compromise with Republicans on infrastructure funding and perhaps on a plan to improve or “repair” the Affordable Care Act. “There is this vitriol and dislike for our new president,” Mr. Carper said. “The challenge for us is to harness it in a productive way and a constructive way, and I think we will. ” But Mr. Carper said the deliberations over Mr. Trump’s cabinet appointments had woken up Democrats, recalling that he had heard from thousands of voters about Scott Pruitt, Mr. Trump’s Environmental Protection Agency administrator, and Betsy DeVos, his education secretary. Virtually every message expressed seething opposition, he said. At times, Democratic frustration with Mr. Trump has already flared well beyond the normal range of opposition discourse: In Virginia, Tom Perriello, a former congressman seeking his party’s nomination for governor, apologized after calling Mr. Trump’s election a “political and constitutional Sept. 11. ” And in New Jersey, Phil Murphy, a former Goldman Sachs banker and ambassador to Germany, drew criticism in his campaign for governor after likening the current political moment in America to the rise of Adolf Hitler. Among    Democrats, however, it is far from clear that the rhetoric of heated opposition is unwelcome. A survey published on Wednesday by the Pew Research Center found that nearly   of Democrats said they were concerned the party would not do enough to oppose Mr. Trump only 20 percent were concerned Democrats would go too far in opposition. A handful of liberal groups have already sprung up threatening to wage primary challenges against incumbent Democrats whom they see as insufficiently militant against Mr. Trump, raising the prospect of the same internecine wars that plagued Republicans during President Barack Obama’s administration. In the race for the chairmanship of the Democratic National Committee, which concludes with a vote in Atlanta on Saturday, the restive mood of liberal activists has buoyed a pair of insurgents, Representative Keith Ellison of Minnesota and Mayor Pete Buttigieg of South Bend, Ind. against the perceived   Thomas E. Perez. Mr. Perez, who was Mr. Obama’s labor secretary, is still viewed as a favorite in the race, and he has been backed by former Vice President Joseph R. Biden Jr. But he has struggled to dispel the impression that he is an anointed favorite of Washington power brokers. And Mr. Ellison and Mr. Buttigieg have continued to collect   endorsements: Mr. Ellison won the support of Representative John Lewis of Georgia, the civil rights leader, on Tuesday, and Mr. Buttigieg was endorsed Wednesday by Howard Dean, the former party chairman who remains admired on the left. In a sign of how little heed Democrats are paying to traditional forces, Mr. Ellison remains viable despite being bluntly attacked as “an  ” by Haim Saban, one of the most prolific donors to the party and its candidates. Christine C. Quinn, a vice chairwoman of the New York State Democratic Committee, who was a prominent surrogate for Hillary Clinton last year, said she backed Mr. Ellison, who was the first Muslim elected to Congress, in part because of the forcefulness of his criticism of the White House. “This is not a normal Republican president, and these are not normal times,” said Ms. Quinn, a former speaker of the New York City Council. “This isn’t a time for polite parties anymore. This is a time to take a different posture of true aggressiveness. ” Martin O’Malley, a former Maryland governor who has endorsed Mr. Buttigieg, said impatient Democrats might challenge even members of their own party in their enthusiasm to take on Mr. Trump. Mr. O’Malley said the party base plainly wanted leaders who would be “willing to fight the fight and where necessary filibuster and otherwise obstruct. ” He said he expected younger,   liberals to run against some Democratic incumbents as well as Republicans. “That’s a good thing, and it’s overdue,” he said. So far, the most prominent leaders of the Democratic Party’s activist wing, including Senators Elizabeth Warren of Massachusetts and Bernie Sanders of Vermont, have not encouraged challenges to sitting Democratic lawmakers who have accommodated Mr. Trump. Mr. Merkley, an ally of Mr. Sanders, suggested liberals seeking scalps would get no help from progressive senators if they try to unseat Democratic senators from conservative Missouri, Montana, North Dakota and West Virginia, calling those lawmakers “perfectly suited to those states. ” Two mayors in Democratic cities, however, have gotten a taste of what awaits those who do not bow completely to the demands of the   forces: When Carolyn Goodman of Las Vegas, a Democrat turned independent, and Levar Stoney of Richmond, Va. a Democrat, resisted deeming their municipalities “sanctuary cities,” each was met with anger from supporters of expanding protection against deportation for undocumented immigrants. “They want change to happen overnight,” Mr. Stoney said of the newly energized activists. Nowhere is it more clear, however, that the protesters are leading the politicians than on Capitol Hill. Senate Democratic leaders had hoped to capitalize on Mr. Trump’s nomination of Tom Price as health secretary by assailing Republicans for wanting to trim Medicare, an issue Democrats aim to run on in 2018. But Mr. Price was vastly overshadowed by the nomination of Ms. DeVos, who galvanized the new activists like no other cabinet pick. “Part of what I think the Bernie campaign taught us, even the Trump campaign taught us, and now the resistance is teaching us, is just ditch the consultants and consult with your conscience and constituents first,” said Senator Brian Schatz of Hawaii, warning his fellow Democrats that “it’s a fool’s errand to try to plan this out like it’s a traditional political operation. ” Mr. Merkley boasted that “we’re doing things in the Senate that are less conventional,” efforts he said were aimed at conveying to   voters that “hey, we’re here and we’re fighting. ” Those efforts have included tactics like walking out on nomination hearings and opposing even less controversial cabinet appointments, such as that of Transportation Secretary Elaine Chao, the wife of the Senate Republican leader, Mitch McConnell. The fear factor is real, said Adam Jentleson, a former Senate Democratic aide. Images of angry constituents jeering Senator Sheldon Whitehouse, a reliable liberal from Rhode Island, at a town   meeting in late January for supporting the selection of Mike Pompeo as C. I. A. director quickly circulated among other Democratic senators, he said. “It was ” Mr. Jentleson said, “because it made clear that the base is not going to let them off the hook. ”",0
15526,"Ingrid LaFleur, Artist and Curator, Enters Detroit’s Mayoral Race - The New York Times","Actors have been mayors (Clint Eastwood). So have singers (Sonny Bono)  high school football coaches (Rob Ford) and media moguls (Michael Bloomberg). Why not somebody from the art world? On Tuesday, a    curator and artist, Ingrid LaFleur, threw her hat into the ring for this year’s mayoral race in Detroit, a city where municipal finances and art have been uncomfortable bedfellows in recent years. During the city’s federal bankruptcy proceedings in 2013 and 2014, creditors pushed for the sale of valuable pieces from the collection of the Detroit Institute of Arts. Ms. LaFleur, a Detroit native, helped establish an artist’s residency program at the Andy Warhol Museum in Pittsburgh and founded an   art and film program, Afrotopia, in Detroit. She said in an interview that after returning to her hometown after several years in New York and elsewhere, “I was at once very shocked at the state of the city, and at the same time really impressed with all the creative and social justice communities that were growing here. ” “I think this is our moment to reimagine not just the city, but city governing,” she said. “How we can truly govern in a way that supports our citizens in the work that they’re already doing and not create barriers to make it more difficult?” She said she was nearing the 500 petition signatures needed to get her name added to the ballot to challenge Mayor Mike Duggan, the first white mayor of the   city since 1973, who has announced he will run again. (Ms. LaFleur is  .) The Detroit Free Press reported that 15 people had taken out petitions so far to run for mayor but that no significant challenger to Mr. Duggan, a Democrat elected in 2013, had yet emerged. The primary is Aug. 8, and the nonpartisan election Nov. 7. Ms. LaFleur said she considered her lack of campaign or governing experience a plus in a city with a long history of municipal corruption. “I’m hyperaware of what I’m doing,” she said. “I’m not naïve about the political landscape of Detroit. But I’m a person who’s not beholden to anyone except the citizens of Detroit. I can be someone to reimagine the role of politician because I don’t have that kind of background. ” She added: “As curator and artist I’ve learned how to bring people together, to solve problems creatively, to be a good organizer, a good researcher. ” What about a good  ? “I know that Duggan raised $3 million for his run,” Ms. LaFleur said. “I won’t say I can’t do that. I’m just going to say that’s not our focus. ” “We plan to tap into the huge art and creative community that has taken root in this city, to reach voters through them,” she said. “Of course, if we could raise that kind of money we’d be very happy, and we’d use it wisely. ”",0
15527,Comment on An ex-police Sergent tells how and why you should fight ALL speeding fines by Sinead,"Home / Badge Abuse / An ex-police Sergent tells how and why you should fight ALL speeding fines An ex-police Sergent tells how and why you should fight ALL speeding fines 
DriftSpec.org 
My name is Stan. I am a retired Sergeant of the Police force for 14 years. I was also a police prosecutor at times, so I know what I am talking about. I spent half my life in Magistrates Court during my time in the Force. I was only ever a very fair copper, and I am proud of my time in the job, looking after the interests of citizens, often to the detriment of my family and my health. 
I never booked any driver for a trifling offence “ever”. People committing trifling offences commonly used to get a warning and a licence / vehicle check. It had to be serious before I booked anyone. 
I am so annoyed at what is happening these days, in what I call “Indiscriminate revenue gathering” It is absolutely disgusting. The government and the Police Force need to hang their heads in shame. If you did a survey of current serving members of the police forces in this country, you would be hard pushed to find many who disagree with me. 
I know how the legal system works, and I know how to beat the system. This is how to do it, and if about 10% of all drivers booked follow my specific instructions, then the entire system will crash and become unworkable to the extent, that the government will have no choice but to stop issuing fines for every type of traffic offence. The whole lot of them. Seriously. 
I do not feel guilty about coming out with this information, as I think it’s about time someone stood up for hard working, civil minded, law abiding taxpayers in this country, who are being screwed. 
This is very simple and very basic. The idea is to clog up the system in the traffic camera office and the courts by drivers exercising their rights to remain innocent until proven guilty. 
SIMPLE BASIC LEGAL STEPS TO FOLLOW . 
1. Do not accept the alleged offence. There are numerous valid reasons to dispute every single alleged offence. Often the charges are incorrect or the evidence is illegally or incorrectly gathered. 
2. Challenge it, tell them that you are going to defend the matter. Make them earn their miserable $150 or $200 or whatever. They have to prepare evidence and witnesses. Just the wages for the camera operator or the Policeman on the day of the court, will be more than the actual fine. You are also taking a camera operator or a member of the Police Force off the street for the day. But it won’t get to that point…..read on…. 
3. If a court date is ever set, and it does not suit you, do not accept it, ask for a delay to a time and place that suits you. 
4. When they re set the date, delay it as often as possible. keep pleading not guilty all through the process. You have every right to be sick, or go for an adjournment if the day does not suit for any legitimate reason. For example you may have pressing family or work commitments which prevent you from attending a particular court on a particular day. 
5. If it ever actually gets to court, (which is unlikely if everyone does this) and if you are unwell that day, ring the court in the morning and tell them that you cannot make it as you are sick. The camera operator, and a police prosecutor will already be at court, and will be greatly inconvenienced, by having to come back another day. The whole time this is going on, the amount of paperwork involved at the traffic camera office is huge. Several staff are involved, and it rapidly becomes very costly, probably running into thousands. …..with me so far…..keep reading……. 
6. The court system is then placed under such a massive load by people who wanted “their day in court” that it simply will not be able to cope unless they open up about another 50 magistrates courts, and this is obviously going to cost the government a lot more than any revenue raised. If all the above fails, which is highly unlikely….and you actually go to court and get convicted……you have a right of appeal. Make sure you appeal the conviction. You don’t need to be a rocket scientist to see what happens. They are not going to spend millions chasing hundreds. 
7 Tell everyone you know to challenge their alleged offences, and the entire system will crash within a few weeks. 
8. Please pass this on. AND ALWAYS REMEMBER THAT YOU ARE INNOCENT UNTIL PROVEN GUILTY AND THAT THERE IS A VERY HIGH PROBABILITY THAT THE EVIDENCE USED AGAINST YOU IS WRONG. YOU HAVE EVERY RIGHT TO CHALLENGE ANY ALLEGED OFFENCE. THIS IS WHY COURTS EXIST….SO USE THEM……A LOT. 
Regards, like, share, and comment. make a change! this isn’t hard to do, but it will help everyone. 
The article originally published at Driftspec.org and although it is from our friends from across the pond, the information is invaluable as well as universally applicable. Share",0
15528,Putin: Crimean Integration Into Russian Legal Framework Goes Forward,"Get short URL 0 23 0 0 The integration of Crimea into the Russian legal and administrative systems is a complex process, but the majority of the key issues have already been addressed, Russian President Vladimir Putin said Wednesday. 
YALTA (Russia), (Sputnik) — During the All-Russia People's Front forum in Crimea, Putin said: ""There are a lot of questions and small problems, which are invisible at first glance. The federal authorities try to do something themselves, but they do not know the local conditions… That's why the question of entering, as I said, the Russian legal and administrative framework has turned out to be a difficult process, but we have practically overcome the main issues."" 
The president also noted that one of the main impediments to progress has been the fact that local authorities, who have volunteered to oversee the integration, ""do not know how the laws and the system of Russia are organized."" Putin: Drinking Water Issue in Crimea No Longer Acute The two-day regional All-Russia People's Front forum, called the 'Forum of action. Crimea,' covered issues of energy, gas supplies, development of agricultural industry and other promising sectors of the economy.
Crimea , Russia's historical southern region, seceded from Ukraine to rejoin Russia in March 2014. Almost 97 percent of the region's population voted for reunification in a referendum. Sevastopol, which has a federal city status, supported the move by 95.6 percent of votes. The referendum was held after a coup in Ukraine in February 2014. ...",0
15529,St. Louis Cardinals Refuse to Bow to LGBT Demands to Punish Christians,"The St. Louis Cardinals have sponsored “Christian Day” for 30 years, but recently gay activists have begun to pressure the Major League Baseball team to cancel the special day, or at the very least to remove former Cardinals star Lance Berkman as the event’s spokesman. To it’s credit the team has rejected the demands. [Gay activists are upset that the Cardinals have allowed Berkman to be the spokesman of “Christian Day” because he recently spoke out against transgender boys posing as girls in school locker rooms. As Paul Mirengoff reported, Berkman said:  The issue is, what to do about a 15 or    boy who thinks he’s a girl and wants to shower with the girls. Maybe he is [transgender] maybe he’s confused. But I wouldn’t want him in the shower with my daughters. We shouldn’t have the rights of 2 percent of the population trump the rights of the other 98 percent. In an interview, Berman added, “To me, tolerance is the virtue that’s killing this country. We’re tolerant of everything. You know everything is OK, and as long as you want to do it and as long as it feels good to you then it’s perfectly acceptable do it. Those are the kinds of things that lead you down a slippery slope, and you’ll get in trouble in a hurry. ” LGBTQ in St. Louis was outraged by the player’s comments. A spokesman for St. Louis Pride said they were “disappointed by the decision of the St. Louis Cardinals to provide a public platform for Berkman, an individual whose words and actions towards the LGBTQ+ are divisive and demeaning. ” To their credit, the Cardinals have resisted the demands made by the   activists to remove Berkman or cancel the July 30 “Christian Day” promotion. In a statement, the team said it sees nothing wrong with its sponsorship of Christian Day. “The Cardinals have hosted a Christian Day at the ballpark for nearly three decades,” the team said in its statement. “The   event usually features a   keynote speaker (often a former Cardinal or professional athlete) who talks about his or her experience of being a practicing Christian in the public arena. “Lance Berkman participated in Christian Day when he was a Cardinals player, and we welcome him back this year to discuss his faith. ” The ball team points out that it has a large number of special promotional days to bring members of the community together. “As an organization, the Cardinals have always been committed to bringing   groups together to share in the unifying experience of Cardinals baseball,” the statement continued. “We are an inclusive organization with a social responsibility to be welcoming to all types of people and organizations. “We continue to try and reach out to every part of our community, and have hosted a variety of themed events like Christian Day, Jewish Community Night, Catholic Family Night, Bosnian Heritage Night, Fiesta Cardenales, and many others. “We are excited to announce that we will be hosting our first Pride Night later this season (details to follow shortly) which will bring members of the LGBT Community together to enjoy Cardinals baseball. ” Despite the pressure, the Cardinals have signaled full speed ahead with its Christian Day promotion. Follow Warner Todd Huston on Twitter @warnerthuston or email the author at igcolonel@hotmail. com.",0
15530,Familie Erdoğan und Daesh (Fortsetzung),"Familie Erdoğan und Daesh (Fortsetzung) Voltaire Netzwerk | 5. November 2016 français Español italiano Türkçe Eine Gruppe von türkischen Hackern, RedHack, hat E-Mails von dem Minister für Energie gehackt. Ein türkisches Gericht hat sofort die Veröffentlichung und die Wiedergabe dieser E-Mails verboten.
Diese 20 Gigabytes schweren Data wurden jedoch analysiert von Professor Ahmed Yayla, stellvertretender Direktor des ICSVE (internationales Zentrum für die Erforschung des gewalttätigen Extremismus) und ehemaliger Leiter des türkischen Anti-Terrorismus analysiert [ 1 ]. Sie bestätigen hartnäckige Gerüchte und liefern neue Details.
Das von Daesch in Syrien gestohlene Öl wurde durch 8500 Tankwagen von einem Unternehmen namens Powertans transportiert, das das Transport-Monopol des Öls auf türkischem Gebiet ohne Ausschreibung erhalten hatte. Es gehört einer sehr geheimnisvollen Grand Fortune-Ventures Firma, mit Sitz in Singapur und der dann auf die Kaiman-Inseln übertragen wurde. Hinter dieser Fassade verbirgt sich Calık Holding, die Firma von Berat Albayrak (Foto), Schwiegersohn und Energie-Minister von Präsident Erdoğan.
“ Hacked Emails Link Turkish Minister to Illicit Oil ”, Ahmed Yayla, World Policy , October 17, 2016.
Übersetzung
Horst Frohlich",0
15531,Complete the Sentence: an Exploration of Orin Langelle’s “If Voting Changed Things…”,"Email 
To view photojournalist Orin Langelle’s new online photography exhibit If Voting Changed Things is to accept a challenge. Don’t expect a passive viewing of simple, aesthetically pleasing photography or a mindless stroll through apolitical eye candy. The challenge should be apparent from the title of the exhibit: It is a riddle, a fragment, an incomplete sentence awaiting your contribution. To view his display is to realize that there is no single way to finish the statement. Langelle invites you to see the complexity of the world through his lens, but to draw your own conclusions about the meaning of the images. 
If Voting Changed Things… people would vote. They don’t. Only 58% of eligible voters did in the last presidential election. Recent polls indicate that the majority of Americans feel disenfranchised by the 2016 presidential election process and candidates. They aren’t proud or hopeful about the outcome, and half of Americans feel helpless. There is no emphasis on issues that matter to them. Election discussion centers around voting for the least worst candidate, which makes civic duty seem like an exercise in self-denial and a concession that our aspirations are not achievable. 
Of course, the counter is that if you don’t vote, you’re giving someone else the power to make decisions for you. But that perspective ignores the range of opportunities for civic engagement and citizen action: Protesting, demonstrating, picketing, civil disobedience, rallies, striking, tax resistance, boycotting, sit-ins, sabotage, hacking and DDoS, tree-sitting, resistance, law-breaking, insurrection, rebellion, revolution. Langelle’s images of protest activity outside of national conventions in 1972 and 2004 raise the question of whether voting, and the electoral circus that accompanies it, is about citizen empowerment or an explicit and ceremonial abdication of power by citizens to a status quo elite. Which leads to the observation that… 
If Voting Changed Things… they wouldn’t let us do it. Chomsky wrote that “The smart way to keep people passive and obedient is to strictly limit the spectrum of acceptable opinion, but allow very lively debate within that spectrum—even encourage the more critical and dissident views. That gives people the sense that there’s free thinking going on, while all the time the presuppositions of the system are being reinforced by the limits put on the range of debate.” Photographs from 1972 and 2004 capture moments outside of the system, beyond the framing of the acceptable discourse. Protesters explicitly reject governmental authority through symbols, slogans, caricatures, and artwork. The elephant pulling a coffin through Miami’s city streets conveys a belief that political parties are leading us to death and destruction. The black hoods and orange jump suits communicate that protesters in Boston, relegated to a “Free Speech Zone,” have become the equivalent of Guantanamo Bay detained terrorist suspects. It is not accidental that the media ignores or minimalizes these displays of collective action. In 2016 delegates—the people who were there (never mind viewers at home)—at the Republican and Democratic National Conventions remarked that they were unaware that protests were occurring outside throughout. Langelle deftly illustrates that this is because authorities have increasingly managed and marginalized protest behavior. Which demonstrates that… 
If Voting Changed Things … this exhibit wouldn’t be necessary. For many, Langelle’s work will be shocking because it lays bare the evolution of policing and the criminalization of dissent. Photos of the 1972 demonstrations include arson, sabotage, gratuitous nudity, and graffiti that challenges, “Amerika—Love it or Destroy it,” and yet not a single police officer is identifiable among the activists. The activists are in the streets, climbing in trees, occupying fields and grassy lawns, neighborhoods and parks. Contrast this with images of Boston Police in 2004, appearing ready for war in riot gear; armed with Tasers, guns, clubs; a menacing and ubiquitous presence atop scaffolding towers. Because of new draconian laws, protesters have been herded into holding pens of chain link fences and razor wire, surrounded by surveillance cameras, concrete, and girders. The photos depict a world that has changed drastically in thirty years, and which has militarized against, marginalized, and narrowly framed the acceptable boundaries of citizen dissent. Moreover… 
If Voting Changed Things … it wouldn’t contrast so distinctly with other forms of citizen action. There is a humor and a vibrancy to “the people” that Langelle juxtaposes brilliantly against the sterile and colorless state apparatus. There is a diversity of skin color, age, gender among the protesters. Their slogans are racy, their clothing is colorful and fun. They wield musical instruments, engage in “guerilla theatre” and share poetry. They engage in property destruction with irony—wearing clogs as they break windows and asking through their graffitti with (gallows) humor if the protest restraint area represents the “Land of the Free?” Their defiance comes in the form of patches, to be worn on the derriere, sold by a young girl in a flowered dress. They paint their faces and wear straw hats. 
The stark reality of the state is helmeted, with dark gray protective gear and weapons to enforce compliance. The only colors are the red, white, and blue banners and flags that appear more as a hypocritical challenge to the popular movements than a patriotic display. It is evident that Langelle sees a dour system that is oppressive and lifeless. Voting is a part of that system, a reinforcement of its values and an affirmation of the status quo. 
If Voting Changed Things… marginalized groups wouldn’t be in the streets. The electoral process in America has produced and validated a government that has produced institutional racism, militarization within and from our society, mass incarceration, crippling debt, perpetual war, homelessness, a failed health care system, eroding and ineffective education, and environmental exploitation. If Voting Changed Things… we wouldn’t have a 1%. We wouldn’t allow the .01%, 16,000 Americans , to hold as much wealth ($9 trillion) as 80 percent of the nation’s population – some 256,000,000 people – and as much as 75 percent of the entire world’s population. We wouldn’t allow the five largest white landowners in America to own more agricultural land than all of black America. If Voting Changed Things… demographics wouldn’t be used as a basis for electoral strategies. We would vote away the cleavages that exist across generations, racial and cultural groups, religious affiliations. But we don’t, because we can’t. 
If Voting Changed Things… would we be where we are? The work of Orin Langelle may offer you a lens from which to answer that question. Or to find your own conclusion to the sentence. 
If Voting Changed Things can be viewed online at: If Voting Changed Things: Exhibit Online . It is also on display at the ¡Buen Vivir! Gallery for Contemporary Art in Buffalo, NY until December 2 nd . 
Dave Reilly is professor and chair of political science and director of international studies at Niagara University in Lewiston, New York, where he serves as president of the faculty union and moderator for the Black Student Union.",0
