id,title,text,label
4509, WATCH: President Obama HAMMERS Trump For Claiming Black People Are Worse Off Today,"Donald Trump thinks African-Americans are worse off now than they have ever been, and President Obama just took him to the woodshed for it.During a rally, Trump declared that  African-American communities are absolutely in the worst shape than they ve ever been in before. The assertion suggests that slavery was a picnic for black people and that Jim Crow was heaven on earth.But President Obama set Trump straight during an interview with Good Morning America at the Smithsonian National Museum of African American History and Culture. You know, I think even most 8-year-olds ll tell you that whole slavery thing wasn t very good for black people,  Obama told Robin Roberts.  Jim Crow wasn t very good for black people. What we have to do is use our history to propel us to make more progress in the future. Here s the video via ABC.President Obama also slammed those who think racism no longer exists in this country simply because he was elected to the presidency or because some black people make a lot of money. It s unrealistic to think that somehow that all just completely went away, because the Civil Rights Act was passed or because Oprah s making a lot of money or because I was elected president. You know, that s not how society works. And if you have hundreds of years of racial discrimination it s likely that the vestiges of that discrimination linger on. And we should acknowledge that and own that. As President Obama said, Donald Trump could learn a lot from a visit to this museum. To think that black people had it easy as slaves is offensive and it s almost as if Trump thinks they would be better off going back to being slaves. So he s definitely on a slippery slope, and while that may get his white supremacist supporters frothing at the mouth, it does nothing to help him get black people to vote for him.Featured Image: Jim Lo Scalzo-Pool/Getty Images",0
4510, Clinton Ad SLAMS Trump For His Disgusting Insults Towards Women And Their Bodies,"It s no wonder Trump is losing   and losing badly   with women. A new poll from McClatchy-Marist shows Clinton leading Trump by 24 points among registered female voters (58 percent to 34 percent), and 23 points among likely female voters. Remember, Mitt Romney lost the female vote by 11 points, and John McCain by 13 points.While the Trump campaign and his supporters scratch their heads as to why he s performing so poorly with the demographic that makes up the majority of the country, the Clinton campaign is reminding them why.A new (and brutal) ad has just been released from the Clinton camp. Asking voters if Trump is  the president we want for our daughters?  the ad, titled Mirrors, uses the Donald s deplorable, sexist, offensive and objectifying words against women against him. From,  I d look her right in that ugly face of hers,  to A person who s flat-chested is very hard for them to be a 10,  Mirrors showcases women all across the country looking at themselves   their bodies, appearance   at their phones, wondering if they are worthy, as Trump s disgusting words echo off the screen.When talking about Kim Kardashian, Trump thought it would be a good idea to talk about her famous asset:  Does she have a good body? No. Does she have a fat ass? Absolutely. So presidential.The most damning part comes at the end, when Howard Stern asks Trump,  So you treat women with respect? Trump s answer? No, I can t say that either. This ad is so powerful. Trump, who is well known to be a serial misogynist, sexist, and all around pig, should be ashamed of the way he regards women, their appearances, and livelihoods. No wonder his first wife cited  cruel and inhumane  treatment as the grounds for their divorce, and called him a  chauvinist  on TV.Little girls, and indeed little boys, are watching. Their parents have a choice: do we elect a man who has a proven track record of demeaning women he doesn t even know, or do we elect a woman who wants to tap everyone s potential, no matter who they are or what they look like.Watch the powerful ad that showcases just how much of a pig Donald Trump is:Featured image via Justin Sullivan/Getty Images",0
4511, The King Of Anti-Hillary Trolling Is A Near Billionaire Whose Company Was Bought By Facebook,"If you ve spent much time on social media, you might notice that almost regardless of the subject, a string of anti-Hillary memes seems to just automatically show up. That s not a coincidence. It s all part of a highly coordinated  shitposting  designed by billionaire and Oculus founder, 24-year-old Palmer Luckey.Luckey is best known as a boy genius who invented his version of virtual reality goggles, called the Oculus Rift. Facebook bought Luckey s company in 2014 for $2 billion. Forbes estimates that he s worth about $700 million.The epicenter of his trolling seems to come from Reddit, where he uses the pseudonym  NimbleRichMan.  Luckey is a backer, likely the key backer of a pro-Trump 501(c)(4) charitable  social welfare  organization that s dedicated to backing Trump. If you think that sounds seriously sketchy, you d be right. According to the IRS, a 501(c)(4) is not supposed to have politics as its primary activity, and any politicking it does is not tax exempt. The Daily Beast published an expose on Thursday, which says in part:Nimble America says it s dedicated to proving that  shitposting is powerful and meme magic is real,  according to the company s introductory statement, and has taken credit for a billboard its founders say was posted outside of Pittsburgh with a cartoonishly large image of Clinton s face alongside the words  Too Big to Jail. We conquered Reddit and drive narrative on social media, conquered the [mainstream media], now it s time to get our most delicious memes in front of Americans whether they like it or not,  a representative for the group wrote in an introductory post on Reddit.People on Reddit aren t happy. In fact, the biggest pro-Trump subreddit, r/The_Donald, refused to believe that Luckey was NimbleRichMan, but Luckey insisted that he s just the money behind the idea and well, he did it for a lark   because, you know, screwing with the future of the free world is fun! I ve got plenty of money,  Luckey added.  Money is not my issue. I thought it sounded like a real jolly good time. He prides himself on putting out memes that are so bad that even the Trump campaign wouldn t promote them.Before you think he s a Millennial who is still angry that Bernie Sanders didn t win, think again. He has zero problems with money in politics. The American Revolution was funded by wealthy individuals,  NimbleRichMan wrote on Saturday. Luckey confirmed to The Daily Beast he penned the posts under his Reddit pseudonym.  The same has been true of many movements for freedom in history. You can t fight the American elite without serious firepower. They will outspend you and destroy you by any and all means. Luckey isn t just spending money on anti-Hillary memes. He s spending money to support Trump.As an early supporter of @Oculus this makes me sick to my stomach. This is the org @PalmerLuckey is backing Cc @TechCrunch @UploadVR pic.twitter.com/athqtwol7e  Cody Brown (@CodyBrown) September 23, 2016This is a message from @PalmerLuckey, the founder of @Oculus. pic.twitter.com/CWlAA8ugMx  Cody Brown (@CodyBrown) September 23, 2016Luckey has apparently been banned from Twitter, but that doesn t mean that Nimble America, along with the backing of white supremacist and Breitbart propagandist, Milo Yiannopoulos. They plan on releasing more memes and purchasing billboards.It s not clear if Luckey has maintained any sort of relationship with Facebook or if he has pull with the organization. Let s hope not. While 4Chan, who is responsible for many of the anti-Hillary paid trolls throughout social media, is also associated with r/The_Donald, there s no evidence, at this point, that Luckey is behind financing that movement. Stay tuned, though.Featured image via Bryan Steffy/Getty Images.",0
4512, NC GOP Rep. Makes Outrageously Racist Statement In Response To Charlotte Protests (VIDEO),"We are heading into yet another day of unrest in Charlotte, North Carolina, and one GOP congressman is blaming the victims of systemic racism that lead to the deaths of so many black people at the hands of those sworn to serve and protect in the most blatantly racist way yet. North Carolina GOP Congressman Robert Pittenger had some extraordinary opinions to express here, but he swears he is not racist. Pittenger said that the protesters: The grievance in their minds, the animus, the anger. They hate white people because white people are successful and they re not. Yes, he actually said that. Here is video of the statement, via BBC NewsNight on Twitter:Protesters in #Charlotte ""hate white people""   North Carolina Congressman Pittenger tells #newsnight https://t.co/q6ELYD01QV  BBC Newsnight (@BBCNewsnight) September 22, 2016As if that weren t bad enough, Pittenger went on to say: We have spent trillions of dollars on welfare, and we ve put people in bondage, so they can t be all they re capable of being. Of course, the backlash was swift, leading the fool who should never be allowed to hold any position of power whatsoever to quickly try and pretend that isn t what he really meant, that he isn t really a racist. He insisted that he is simply upset, that what is taking place in my hometown right now breaks my heart.  He also said, My anguish led me to respond to a reporter s question in a way that I regret. Pittenger, a die-hard Trumpkin, insists that he isn t racist eh? No, Rep. Pittenger, you ARE racist. Anyone who isn t would even think such a thing in response to these protests, much less say it. Face it   you re a racist. You and the rest of the GOP can whine and complain anytime someone calls you on your ignorance and bigotry all you want   we all know the truth, right from your own mouths.Those of us who are aware know the truth, even though you don t want to look in the mirror and see yourselves for what you are: flaming racists. Run along now, I m sure your sheet and hood are ready to be picked up from the dry cleaners.Featured image via video screenshot",0
4513, Trump Campaign Official Predicts The Future: ‘Bow Down To President Trump’ (VIDEO),"A member of Donald Trump s presidential campaign has creepy words about what could happen if her candidate becomes president of the United States. As part of a PBS Frontline special on the candidates, former Apprentice contestant and current Trump 2016 director of African-American outreach Omarasa Manigault said the key to the campaign was Trump s desire to see his political enemies on their knees:Omarosa Manigault, a contestant on  The Apprentice  who is director of African-American outreach for Trump s campaign, explains what she sees as Trump s motivations for running for president. Among them: resentments. Every critic, every detractor, will have to bow down to President Trump,  she says.  It s everyone who s ever doubted Donald, whoever disagreed, whoever challenged him   it is the ultimate revenge to become the most powerful man in the universe. In the video accompanying Manigault s comments, the night of the 2011 White House Correspondent s Association dinner is revisited, in which President Obama infamously roasted Donald Trump, who was in attendance. The President, riffing on Trump s promotion of the birther conspiracy theory, came at the reality TV star with his comedy guns blazing. Obama heaped joke after joke on Trump during the roast, and reports have indicated that Trump was seething but sitting stone-faced during the monologue.Some now believe that the episode embarrassed Trump so completely that he decided then to run for president as revenge for the humiliation.Regardless of whether that is true or not, history will record that as Obama was crushing Trump s spirit, he had already given the green light to the Navy s infamous Seal Team Six to go into Pakistan and capture or execute al Qaeda leader Osama bin Laden.As the Correspondent s Association audience laughed at Obama making fun of Trump, members of the U.S. Navy were in the process of killing one of the most wanted men in world history. And Obama never broke a sweat.Featured image via screen capture",0
4514," Good News Folks, God Is Now Protecting Donald Trump From A ‘Concentrated Satanic Attack’ (VIDEO)","Were you worried that Donald Trump might fall victim to a  concentrated Satanic attack?  Yeah? Well, you aren t alone. But good news folks, you don t have to worry about that anymore! God himself is now protecting the GOP nominee from the Dark Lord.On Wednesday, Trump attended the Midwest Vision and Values Pastors Leadership conference in Cleveland. Trump-loving black man who lost his damn mind pastor Darrell Scott was worried that Satan might be after Trump too, which is ironic since most of us assumed the Republican nominee was working for the Prince of Darkness already.Scott claims that before Trump began is bid for the presidency, a nationally known  preacher warned him  that if you choose to run for president, there s going to be a concentrated Satanic attack against you. He said there s going to be a demon, principalities and powers, that are going to war against you on a level that you ve never seen before and I m watching it every day,  Scott said.Scott s wife, Belinda Scott, prayed over Trump as those around him laid hands on the bigoted billionaire, making sure Satan knew they were serious, dammit: God we ask you right now that Your choice is this choice. God, I ask that you would touch this man, Donald J. Trump,  she continued,  give him the anointing to lead this nation. Because what would Jesus do? Well, duh! He d make America great again. And naturally, he would use a racist demagogue to do it. (*Insert eye roll here.) Personally, I think they are a little late. At this point, they probably should have moved straight to an exorcism before his head starts spinning around.Watch Trump become immune to Satan, here:[youtube https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LyRBtbC69V0]Featured image via video screen capture",0
4515, Hillary Literally Laughs In The Face Of Reporter Who Pushes Insane Health Conspiracies (VIDEO),"In case you have been living under a rock, we recently learned that Hillary Clinton is human through a series of reports about That One Time She Coughed and The Time She Got Pneumonia. Yes, somehow anytime Clinton gets the sniffles, the Right pounces on it, using anything and everything they can to push absolutely bonkers conspiracy theories about the former Secretary of State s health (she s on her deathbed, don tchaknow).During an interview with ACB s Sarina Fazan Wednesday, the reporter asked Clinton perhaps one of the dumbest f*cking questions she has been asked regarding her health: if she would undergo  neurocognitive tests  to appease inflated, only-existing-on-Trump s-side-of-the-aisle concerns about whether or not her presidency will be like a four-year-long edition of Weekend at Bernie s.Hillary just laughed in her face.  I m very sorry I got pneumonia, I m glad antibiotics took care of it, and that s behind us now,  the former Secretary of State said, somehow managing to avoid knocking the reporter for starting off by claiming 9/11 was  last week.  Clinton explained that her health meets and exceeds the standards anyone else running for office has met, but Fazan was all  so, ummmm, you gonna take those tests? There s no need for that,  Clinton said firmly, surely wondering how the f*ck this woman got hired in the first place.  The information is very clear. Hillary wasn t the only person laughing at Fazan, who also beat the dead horse that is the email  scandal.  Twitter lit up with people mocking the reporter for having the gall to waste time during an exclusive interview badgering the 2016 Democratic nominee about her health:@hannahfc and you are reporting this nonsense as if it is legitimate. Is this why you became a journalist? @danmericaCNN @abcactionnews  (((David Galiel:-))) (@davidgaliel) September 22, 2016@Women4Trump @hannahfc @dmartosko @abcactionnews her career needs to die a hideous death  Naked Punditry (@NakedPundit) September 22, 2016@hannahfc @abcactionnews oh jesus christ  Chris (@hugetinymistake) September 22, 2016@hannahfc @danmericaCNN @abcactionnews No wonder media has an even higher negative rating than Trump these days. What dumb question!  Violetta Argueta (@Vva10967) September 22, 2016@hannahfc @danmericaCNN @abcactionnews Wanna ask her if she covered up benghazi next? Any other conspiracy theories yall wanna fan flames of  P. Williamson (@PWilliamson2006) September 22, 2016@hannahfc @albamonica @abcactionnews Has this reporter asked Trump if he'll undergo psychological tests? At least it's OBVIOUS he needs to.  Peggy Holtman (@holtmapa) September 22, 2016@hannahfc @danmericaCNN @abcactionnews Sarina who (?) had the fucking you asked her WHAT??? Go back to school. Find a new career.  (((bartnbeka))) (@bartnbeka) September 22, 2016@SarinaFazanWFTS Well at least people are talking about you for awhile even if it's for being a terrible journalist. Enjoy it while it lasts  mattydean (@mattydean) September 22, 2016As some pointed out to this simpleton, Hillary released her medical records just after the 9/11 anniversary, which was more than a week ago. She was diagnosed with a  mild, non-contagious bacterial pneumonia,  was given antibiotics, and had to practically be tied down to keep her from rushing back out on the campaign trail because she has traditionally insisted on being f*cking Superwoman.What s next? Gonna ask her about Benghazi? Maybe she knows where Obama s real birth certificate is hidden. Could she have some inside information on a second gunman involved in the JFK assassination? Quit your job, Sarina. Seriously.Featured image via screen capture",0
4516, Pence Says There Is ‘Too Much Talk’ About Racism In Policing And Institutional Bias,"While Charlotte, North Carolina faces a state of emergency and unarmed black people continue to get shot dead by police, Mike Pence has a few words to say regarding the mounting racial tensions gripping this nation. To him, it s annoying   but not in the way one might think.As black people   who have done nothing wrong that warranted getting killed   lie dead in the street, Pence and Trump are annoyed hearing about it. How do we know? Because Pence was *smart* enough to admit it to reporters:Trump and I believe there s been far too much talk about institutional bias and racism within law enforcement.Gee, sorry black people dying and being targeted at disproportionate rates annoys you so much, Pence. Sorry the plight of black America is a burden to your message of  Build that Wall. Thirty-eight percent of the U.S. population is non-white. When a third of the population can fall victim to institutional bias and racism in law enforcement, the conversation (or  talk  as Pence puts it) is extremely important. Sorry if the talk makes your uncomfortable or triggers your prejudices, but it needs to happen. Skirting it under the rug or blaming it on drug use doesn t make it go away.The statistics tell us all we need to know:So, even with all these glaring statistics, Mike Pence thinks talking about it has been  far too much  for his and Trump s comfort.Newsflash, Pence: you re running for Vice President of the United States, not Vice President of the white community. If the talk is too much, get out of the race.We already know Trump doesn t care about the black community nor does he want to actually fix anything that afflicts it, but Pence was supposed to give the illusion that a potential Trump Administration would care. That s been shattered.Good luck getting the black vote in November when you completely wish to disregard what hurts them the most: systemic racism.Featured image via Chip Somodevilla/Getty Images",0
4517," Trump Blames Charlotte Rioting On Drug Use, Without Any Proof","Another day, another racist dog whistle echoed by Donald Trump. While the urban unrest in Charlotte, North Carolina continues, Trump   in a pathetic attempt to sound presidential   blamed the rioting on drug use, without citing any facts to back up his claim.The comment, made in a speech in Pittsburgh, was off-script: If you re not aware, drugs are a very, very big factor in what you re watching on television. Somehow, everyone but Donald Trump is unaware of the  factors  contributing to a legitimate unrest that stems not from drugs, but from the black community being continuously fed up with racial injustices and the murders of unarmed men who posed no credible threat to law enforcement.What Donald Trump is seeking to do is sow the seeds of a racist, stereotype that plagues this country: blacks are on drugs, and it makes them violent.The facts are out there: white people do more drugs, and serve less time. This notion that because black Americans are fed up with injustice is somehow attributed to drug use or a yearning for drugs is, yes, racist. It reaffirms people s ignorant and misguided stereotypes about urban black communities while simultaneously deflecting from other drug crises that are affecting white communities at much more critical levels.Recent findings in the American Journal of Public Health, the abuse and dependency on  hard drugs  are less common among delinquent African American youth than those who are non-Hispanic white.  White people, in general, are also more likely to deal drugs than black people. So the people selling drugs to our kids, parents, and members of the community are more likely to be white than black, but yet black people are still seen as the culprits of America s drug problem.And Donald Trump s claim, no matter how minuscule it may be, just makes the problem worse.Instead of accusing black Americans of being drug-induced degenerates, maybe Trump should travel up to New Hampshire and Maine, where an unprecedented opioid addiction is killing hundreds of white citizens every year, and nothing is being done to combat it.Donald Trump says the unrest in Charlotte would not happen in a Trump administration. Would New England s drug epidemic be stopped under his administration? Would the killing of unarmed black people   which is the only contribution to the unrest   stop in his administration? Would he end the dog whistle stereotypes that continue to blatantly fester in people s minds, regardless of what the facts are?Trump s going to get a huge wake up call with black voters in November if he keeps this up.Featured image via Sarah D. Davis/Getty Images",0
4518, Hillary Clinton’s New Tax Plan Will Make Trump’s Kids FURIOUS,"Since the Reagan administration, Americans have been sold a bill of goods that tells us that inherited money is more valuable than earned money. Republicans would like all inherited money to be completely sheltered from any taxation, while for the most part, Democrats disagree. The compromise has been that only estates valued at a whopping $5.45 million or more ($10.9 million for married couples) are taxed. Anything below that is completely tax free.Now, Hillary Clinton, after prodding from Bernie Sanders and his followers, has revised her estate tax plan and trust me when I say Donald Trump s children won t be happy.Previously, Clinton said she would restore the tax on dead rich folks to its 2009 levels, pushing up the rate from 40 percent to 45 percent, and making it kick in for estates worth at least $3.5 million (today, it only hits those valued at $5.45 million or more). But, no longer. Instead, she s borrowed a page from her formal primary rival, and now proposes turning the levy into a progressive tax meaning it will take a bigger bite out of wealthier estates with a top rate of 65 percent. The last time the estate tax hit that level was in 1982, though back then it also kicked in on smaller inheritances.Beyond all that, Clinton has said she would largely do away with the step-up in basis at death, a rule that allows lucky heirs to avoid paying capital gains taxes that, say, their parents or uncle or other rich benefactor would have owed had they sold their stock before passing away.In the end, the committee expects these measures to raise about $225 billion over ten years.Source: SlateAs it stands, the estate tax system is a joke. In 2012, a staggering $1.2 trillion was passed down as an inheritance. Of that, less than 1 percent was taxed. As for the Republican argument that estate taxes will hurt small businesses, in 2013, only 20 small businesses and family farm estates, in the entire country, had to pay estate taxes.The other common Republican argument is that estate taxes are  double taxation  (as if every other dollar in the American economy hasn t been taxed multiple times), but the reality is that most of what comprises large estates comes from capital gains, which are also unlikely to have every been taxed.Of course, even if Clinton is elected, she ll have a tough time passing this, at least as long as Paul Ryan is in charge of the House. He wants Trump s kids to pay zero in estate taxes. Of course, for all we know, Trump himself pays zero in taxes.Featured image via Mark Wilson/Getty Images.",0
4519, Seahawks’ Richard Sherman DROPS THE MIC On Those Who Ignore Police Brutality (VIDEO),"There s a lot being said about football players across the NFL standing together in unity against police brutality. This is even more pertinent now, as even more black men have been gunned down in the street just this week by police.Using his press conference to bring further awareness to this topic was none other than Seattle Seahawks  star cornerback Richard Sherman. He said: I m not going to answer any questions today, and it s no offense to you guys, but the state of things in the world today is very interesting. I think you have players that are trying to take a stand and be aware of social issues and try to make a stand and increase people s awareness and put a spotlight on it and they re being ignored. Whether they re taking a knee or whether they re locking arms, you know, they re trying to bring people together and united them for a cause. And I think that the last couple days a couple more guys have gotten shot and killed in the middle of the street and more videos have come out of guys getting killed, and I think people are still missing the point.The reason these guys are kneeling. The reason we re locking arms is to bring people together. To make people aware that this is not right. You know, it s not right for people to get killed in the street. Sherman then explains how he s been proactive in the community and even needing to go so far as to train young people of color on how to behave with the police, but still being fearful that they might get shot. He says,  that s an unfortunate time to be living.  Especially when people are being killed for no reason.He then has some choice words by those who are supposedly offended by those standing up against police brutality by quietly using their First Amendment right of dissent and protest to bring awareness to the plight. Sherman says: When a guy takes a knee, you can ignore it. You can say he s not being patriotic. He s not honoring the flag. I m doing none of those things. I m saying straight up, this is wrong and we need to do something. And something most certainly needs to be done, and done now.Watch Sherman speak here:Wow  this is a must-watch.Seattle Seahawks  Richard Sherman addresses police killings of African American men at presser, then walks out. pic.twitter.com/GOAOSgufAx  Kyle Griffin (@kylegriffin1) September 22, 2016Featured image via video screen capture",0
4520, Congressional Black Caucus Member Depicts List Of Things African Americans Can Be Killed For,"A senior member of the Congressional Black Caucus stepped up to a lectern on the House Floor on Thursday and listed all the innocent activities that can be a death sentence for African-Americans.Rep. Barbara Lee (D-Calif.), armed with a variety of props, depicted all the things that can cause black people in the United States to be killed at the hands of law enforcement because they are viewed with suspicion, even when engaging in harmless activities. Each time we lose a precious life to fear, distress, and prejudice, the list of things that will get you killed as a black person in America gets a little longer,  Lee said.Among the items she held up were: Should any of this warrant a death sentence? Is this the America you want to live in?  Lee asked.Lee said that when her sons were young she had  tough conversations  with them, warning them to be careful in their interactions with the very same police officers who are sworn to serve and protect them. Since Michael Brown was shot in Ferguson two years ago, 2,195 people have been killed by police in our nation. As the mother of two black men and the grandmother of five black grandchildren, I worry that someone I love could become number 2,196,  she said.The issue of fatal police shootings of African-Americans has come to the forefront again after three more killings rocked the nation. Tyre King, a teenager with a BB gun, was killed in Columbus, Ohio; Terence Crutcher, who had his hands in the air, was killed in Tulsa, Okla.; and Keith Lamont Scott, who was reading a book in his car, was killed in Charlotte, N.C. As a result, protesters have once again flooded onto the streets of America.Watch Rep. Barbara Lee address the House, here:[youtube https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IoGdX5sFU2I]Featured image via video screen capture",0
4521, Trump Campaign Chair Says Racism Didn’t Exist Before Obama – Promptly Resigns,"President Obama is right   it appears the people running the Trump campaign skipped their history and civics classes.After Donald Trump got a lashing from black activists after claiming it s  never been worse  for them than it is right now, one would think the campaign would have gotten the message and moved on accordingly.Wrong.As usual, no one in the Trump campaign learns their lesson. And their sheer ignorance has cost them a key staff member in a key swing state.Trump s campaign chair in the prominent Mahoning County in Ohio, Kathy Miller, has resigned from her position after denying there was any racism in the 1960s and that if black people weren t successful in the last 50 years, it s their own fault. She also said there wasn t  any racism until Obama got elected  and skirted problems under the table:If you re black and you haven t been successful in the last 50 years, it s your own fault. You ve had every opportunity, it was given to you. You ve had the same schools everybody else went to. You had benefits to go to college that white kids didn t have. You had all the advantages and didn t take advantage of it. It s not our fault, certainly.Miller then doubled down, calling the Black Lives Matter movement a  stupid waste of time  and said low voter turnout in the African American community as due to  the way they re raised. What does  the way they re raised,  supposed to mean? Maybe Miller should take a look at the fact that the Trump kids didn t vote (and couldn t even vote for their dad) before speculating on how an entire race raises their kids.Miller resigned, gave a half-ass apology, and distanced herself from the campaign. Of course Trump s Ohio state director, Bob Paduchik stressed that Miller s comments were not reflective of the campaign, and reduced her position to that of a simple  volunteer  to steer away any influence she once held.Once again, the Trump campaign deflects, blames, and dodges responsibility. Oh, and it once again shows that it s being run by a bunch of entitled white racists.Featured image a screen-grab",0
4522, Republicans Push Bill To Legalize Voter Intimidation To Help Trump In Pennsylvania,"Pennsylvania Republicans are trying to jam a bill through the statehouse that would go into effect immediately to allow voter intimidation across the state on Election Day in support of Donald Trump.First proposed in June, House Bill 29 would give outsiders the ability to watch the polls in districts in which they do not reside and would give them the power to challenge voters, which would disrupt the voting process and cause delays that could prevent people from exercising their right to vote.In other words, it would legalize voter intimidation.As Brennan Center for Justice counsel Adam Gitlin told ProPublica earlier this month, poll watchers, especially those who decide they are going to challenge voters based on their race or religion, could throw a damaging wrench in the democratic process. There s actually a risk that, in a more disorganized way, people are going to be showing up to the polls, they won t know the law, and they ll be engaging in discriminatory challenges,  Gitlin said.  That can create the potential for a lot of disruption, longer lines because each voter takes longer to vote, and potentially discouraging and intimidating voters from coming to the polls. As we all know, conservatives who support Trump are racists who think their brand of Christianity should be the law of the land, so it is likely they will challenge every black and Latino voter they see as well as any voter they think is a Muslim.And that s exactly what Republican nominee Donald Trump wants. We re going to watch Pennsylvania,  Trump declared during a rally in the state last month.  Go down to certain areas and watch and study and make sure other people don t come in and vote five times. If you do that, we re not going to lose. The only way we can lose, in my opinion   I really mean this, Pennsylvania   is if cheating goes on. Trump even has a place on his website where his supporters can sign up to be poll watchers to  Stop Crooked Hillary From Rigging This Election! In response to Trump s claim that the election will be rigged against him, Pennsylvania Republicans have tacked an amendment on the bill that would make it go into effect immediately if it is passed and signed by the governor. Originally, it was only going to go into effect 60 days after passage.With the polls showing a close race heading into the first debate, Pennsylvania is even more important now. But voter intimidation could tip the scales significantly in Trump s favor and effect races down the ticket. In short, Trump and the Republicans are trying to steal the election by making a form of cheating completely legal. And if it works in Pennsylvania you can bet that Republicans will make sure such tactics are legalized everywhere else.Featured Image: Jeff Swensen/Getty Images",0
4523, Hannity Gets His A** Handed To Him For Falsely Claiming Terence Crutcher Has Violent Criminal Past,"Fox News host Sean Hannity desperately tried to smear Terence Crutcher on Wednesday as a violent criminal who was wanted by police but was repeatedly shut down by a local Tulsa news anchor.Crutcher was shot and killed by white police police officer Betty Shelby even though he had his hands up and was surrounded by other police officers. The murder was caught on camera.Clearly, the unarmed Crutcher was not a threat to the safety of the officers, especially when you consider the fact that police officers have consistently taken in armed white suspects alive without ever firing a shot at them.But Sean Hannity repeatedly claimed during his radio show that Crutcher had a violent criminal record and had warrants out for his arrest. I understand that in this particular case Mr Crutcher has a long criminal history and appeared to be under the influence or so the police are charging,  Hannity said, which prompted Tulsa news anchor Russell Mills to smack Hannity down with facts. Well I ll tell you I looked up his history and I m not seeing a lot of criminal history,  Mills replied.  We have something called the OSCN   the Oklahoma Supreme Court Network. I was able to find a protective order from 12 years ago that was dismissed. I found a couple of financial things. There s no violent criminal history for Mr. Crutcher that I ve been able to uncover. But Hannity didn t want to hear the truth so he moved on to claiming that Crutcher had several warrants out for his arrest.Mills informed Hannity that there were no such warrants.Hannity responded that he read somewhere that there were warrants. I have not seen any reporting on any warrants for Mr. Crutcher and I certainly haven t uncovered any myself,  Mills said.  There has been some misinformation floated. A disappointed Hannity resorted to claiming that he has a  source  within the department and said that  it s a matter of time of when they re gonna release this information. Here s the audio via Media Matters:Once again, Sean Hannity tries to demonize another black victim of a police shooting in order to make people believe the shooting was totally justified. The bottom line, however, is that Crutcher had his hands up and was surrounded by officers. He wasn t a threat to them or anyone else but they executed him anyway. Officer Betty Shelby should be arrested and charged with murder. Period.Featured Image: Screenshot",0
4524," 51 Companies Are Pledging Over $650 Million In Refugee Support, White House Announces","While Donald Trump Jr., Executive Vice President of the Trump Organization, compares refugees to poisoned skittles, the CEOs, Presidents and other executives of 51 companies are coming together to pledge hundreds of millions of dollars to aid refugees all across the world, the White House has announced.Coming together to show solidarity and compassion while world leaders meet for the U.N. General Assembly session, the companies   which include Matercard, Facebook, Twitter, Johnson & Johnson, and yogurt maker Chobani   will use the money to promote, sustain and continue education, employment and financial services all across the world, and alleviate suffering to over 6 million refugees:Today, 51 U.S. companies   which represent more than 2.5 million employees, more than $775 billion in annual revenue, and more than $3.2 trillion in market capitalization  have stepped up and are standing with the Administration to demonstrate that private sector innovation and resources can make a difference and catalyze real solutions. Together, they have committed to investing, donating, and raising more than $650 million.The hefty pledge is just part of the White House s goal of $3 billion in humanitarian aid, and the announcement was made just as President Obama hosted a refugee summit with the leaders of Jordan, Mexico, Sweden, Germany, Canada and Ethiopia, countries that have taken in thousands of refugees from Syria and other war-torn states.While meeting with the company CEOs and George Clooney, President Obama thanked them for their  extraordinary gesture of compassion,  saying: I want to emphasize that from their perspective this isn t charity. This is part of their overall mission. It makes good business sense. Unlike Trump s businesses   in which hotel stays have plummeted   people like to be compassionate, see compassion, and act on it.U.N. Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon told world leaders and the company leaders,  Your compassion will really help these helpless people. If not us, who can do it? Certainly not Donald J. Trump, nor his spawn of selfish fear-mongers.The companies took to social media to express their support for President Obama s call to action:We believe in a world where you can #BelongAnywhere. Today there are millions of displaced refugees in need of belonging somewhere.  Airbnb (@Airbnb) September 19, 2016 #Citi is proud to support President Obama s Call for Action to help solve the global #refugee crisis. https://t.co/nFRqb9SZor  Citi (@Citi) September 20, 2016Mastercard & @mercycorps partner to provide #refugee aid at the most critical times https://t.co/rkpkO68T5V #UNGA pic.twitter.com/GdvPp10CvH  Mastercard News (@MastercardNews) September 15, 2016 We re proud our little start up is standing w/ @facebook @LinkedIn @Citi & other businesses in support of #refugees https://t.co/GjN6RkTamK  Alight Fund (@alightfund) September 20, 2016If there is anything President Obama and these companies have shown, it s that compassion will always win, and love always trumps hate.Featured image via Drew Angerer/Getty Images",0
4525, Black Protester SHUTS DOWN Fox Reporter On Live TV For ‘F***ing Fabricated Story’ (VIDEO),"Last night, Fox News reporter Steve Harrigan was reporting live in Charlotte, North Carolina to cover  police brutality protests that had erupted after a shooting. Perhaps because Fox News has typically shamed these kinds of protests and ran footage that depicted protesters as thugs and looters in the past, Harrigan got his a** handed to him by a protester that didn t hesitate to confront the notoriously racist network.The female African American protester went right up to Harrigan and decided to educate him about why she and other protesters had gathered. When Harrigan tried to shame her for being outside in an area where someone had just gotten shot, the protester couldn t tolerate his ignorance and white privilege any longer. Harrigan made the mistake of asking her, If a man was shot about 50 yards over there, we don t know by who. Why are you here? And that was it. The protester went off, and replied to Harrigan, Because I serve a purpose  right before giving him a brutal lesson in racism. She forcefully said that no matter where she is, at any given moment she could be shot just because of the color of her skin. She said: I could be at work, at school, in my car, I can still get shot   by the police! Pointing out the fact that racism still exists in America, she continued: We are not the same. We are human, but I am black and you are white so don t tell me not to come over here Harrigan tried to jump in, but the protester quickly called him out for  using sarcasm as a crowd began to gather, and accused the network of only being at the protests so that they could get video footage and make a f*cking fabricated story    which we all know Fox News has done in the past.You can watch the protester shut down Fox News below:Featured image is a screenshot",0
4526, Trump Loses Support Of Police Union After Saying Tulsa Shooting Cop ‘Choked’ (VIDEO),"While giving a speech at a church rally in Cleveland, Donald Trump confused everyone by actually siding with a victim of police brutality instead of law enforcement   and it s gotten him in trouble with America s largest police union.In speaking to the rally goers in Cleveland, Trump strayed from his normal, pro-cop rhetoric to say a few unflattering words about Betty Shelby, the Tulsa police officer who shot an unarmed black man. Clearly worried about how horrendously his attempts to reach black voters have failed, Trump gave an unusually thoughtful response to a group of African American pastors, in which he suggested that Shelby had  choked : Now, did she get scared? Was she choking? What happened? But maybe people like that, people that choke, people that do that, maybe they can t be doing what they re doing, okay? They can t be doing what they re doing.I watched the shooting in particular in Tulsa. And that man was hands up. That man went to the car, hands up, put his hand on the car. I mean, to me, it looked like he did everything you re supposed to do, and he looked like a really good man. Trump made these comments just five days after the Fraternal Order of Police (FOP), which has 330,000 members, endorsed him. But after hearing Trump criticize the Tulsa police officer, FOP executive director Jim Pasco is livid and thinks Trump s comments were inappropriate. Pasco said that Trump must be mindful of the due process rights and presumption of innocence accorded to all, including police officers. Now, no one should be proud or relieved that Trump finally decided to acknowledge police brutality victims   he s been known to pander to whatever audience he is in front of at any given moment, and is notorious for flip-flopping almost instantly. This speech was easy for Trump to say in front of black pastors   I doubt he would have dared to say this in front of a predominately white audience. Trump also knows he is struggling tremendously with the minority vote, which may very well determine this election. Trump will say whatever he needs to win   but this time, he lost a major support group.Here s the clip that got Trump in trouble with the police union:Featured image via Joe Raedle / Getty Images",0
4527, Dixie Chicks’ Natalie Maines Unleashes HILARIOUS Twitter Tirade Against Trump (TWEETS),"With this presidential election being as absolutely bizarre as it is, sometimes it s incredibly important to keep our sense of humor about us. One person who seems to being doing this very well is none other than Dixie Chicks  Natalie Maines.As a woman who s never shied away from letting her opinion be known about politicians, Maines began by taking to Twitter to make a joke about her apparent issues with airline travel saying that she ll vote for whoever makes the airline industry decent again. Although, she had one quick addendum to that statement: But only if it s a Clinton. At this point I might vote for whichever candidate promises to make the airline industry decent again.But only if it's Clinton?.  Natalie Maines (@1NatalieMaines) September 22, 2016Then Maines went on to joke about the fact that not even George H.W. Bush can vote for Trump for president. Which for a Bush not to vote for a bad president to be in office is just utter irony.Even Bush won't vote for Trump!Which honestly has kind of turned my world around and forced me to rethink everything.#skiddin  Natalie Maines (@1NatalieMaines) September 22, 2016She didn t stop there, however, in reply after reply, the jokes kept coming:@giannaL Oh no! Not at all! It's totally natural.For an Umpa Lumpa.  Natalie Maines (@1NatalieMaines) September 22, 2016@DCXn24Fan OMG! That's even a better visual than him in a tanning bed. So presidential!  Natalie Maines (@1NatalieMaines) September 22, 2016@mysheltieestate @hochalicious Actually it's also hands. And he has little ones.  Natalie Maines (@1NatalieMaines) September 22, 2016@DarthPug Let's hope they forget to register.  Natalie Maines (@1NatalieMaines) September 22, 2016And those are just a few of the replies.Maines was clearly on Twitter and ready to strike back at anyone or anything (if we re talking about Trump supporters) that decided to reply to her tweets against him. And honestly, we re all a little better for her wit and wisdom during this most troubling time.Featured image via Mike Windle/Getty Images for SiriusXM",0
4528, Trump Calls For This Racist Policy To Be Forced On Every State,"Donald Trump is calling for one of the most controversial and racially charged policies enacted by police departments to be expanded across the entire country. The city of New York recently ended  stop and frisk,  but Trump is pushing for it, apparently egged on by his top campaign surrogate, former New York City mayor Rudy Giuliani. From Politico:In a pre-taped interview on Fox News scheduled to air Wednesday night, Trump was asked by an audience member what he would do to address  violence in the black community  and  black-on-black crime.  Trump responded by proposing that  stop-and-frisk  policing, in which an officer is empowered to stop an individual and frisk them for weapons or any other illegal contraband, be adopted nationwide. I would do stop-and-frisk. I think you have to. We did it in New York, it worked incredibly well and you have to be proactive and, you know, you really help people sort of change their mind automatically,  Trump told the questioner.Stop-and-frisk was repeatedly called out and protested against by New York City residents because the policy was shown time and time again to disproportionately target black and Latino residents. They were singled out for examination and interrogation by police officers, in what some felt were quotas set up by police management.When the city stopped using stop-and-frisk, they did not see an increase in crime, despite claims from its supporters that there would be a spike in criminal activity. Most people who had been subject to stop-and-frisk were let go, because they hadn t done anything wrong.Former US District Court Judge Shira Scheindlin, who had ruled the procedure unconstitutional in federal court, described it as  destructive  in an interview with Buzzfeed. She added: In short, the overstopping in many communities harmed the relationship between the people and the police. Cooperation has now improved due to positive efforts by police to work with the community not against it. Featured image via Flickr",0
4529," ‘Empire’ Takes On Racist Police Violence, Guns In America In Breathtaking New Song (VIDEO)","The season premiere of the hit television drama Empire features an amazing song performed by Jussie Smollett, who plays Jamal on the show. The song, entitled  Need Freedom  has a very clear message: gun violence, senseless killings, and police brutality against people of color must stop, because our nation is ripping itself apart. Smollett says of the decisions that inspired him to record  Need Freedom : I recorded this exactly seven days after Philando Castile was shot. Between the shootings of Castile, Alton Sterling, at the Pulse in Orlando and the police officers in Dallas   not to mention the other numerous killings over the last couple of years   it was like we couldn t breathe. What are we doing as a people, a nation; what messages are we sending to the next generation. Then this song came. Smollet is right, of course, and what better way to inspire people in an effort to draw peace in such a tense and violent time, where there is such anger, such division, such justified outrage, than by doing so in song? Here are just a few of the more inspiring lyrics from Smollet s song:As I sit and think about All that s goin  on My soul just cries out Can you tell me please?Tell me who s to blame For causing all this pain The one s we call to help us turn They kills us everyday See war is not the answer And love is what we need Take the chains off, break the bondage Set my people freeWe gotta make it better Something s gotta change The world needs your voice just to make it through the rain When I think of what s goin  on in this world Ohh it gets me to see my sister not breathe My sister, my brother here with meNeed freedom Our world is cryin , no more silence, with guns and violence Need freedom I can t keep dyin , we re way too quiet, no more silence Need freedom Stop this evil, free my people, we re all equal Need freedom Our world get s brighter, keep on tryin , keep on fightin  for freedomThese lyrics come on this night, September 21, as, at this very moment, protests are erupting in Charlotte, North Carolina, because yet another black man, Keith Lamont Scott, is dead at the hands of the police. Already, as per usual, the police are in front of cameras, in damage control mode, spinning the story they want the public to hear. Whether it is true matters not to them; they only want to cover their own asses, because black lives simply don t matter to them. This message is one that is definitely needed.It is, of course, a message that will likely fall on deaf ears. We live in a nation where people think that the right of every person to have as many guns as they like, anytime they like, no matter what, should supercede the rights of innocent people to live. These are the same people who think that cops can do no wrong, and that the bloodshed at their hands is always justified. These are same people who believe that freedom only applies to certain people, and to hell with everyone else. They re the people who think that every black man shot by police was just another  thug  anyway, and that the void left in the lives of his loved ones is of no importance.They re the same people who don t care about what happened in Orlando, or Oregon, or Newtown, or any of the other countless places where people who should have never had firearms carried out massacres. They only care about their guns and their rigid belief that whatever happened was worth their version of  freedom. Hopefully, the people who need to hear this message the most will, and the killing will stop. However, I sadly won t be able to hold my breath on that one. It will only continue another day, in another city after another innocent life is lost, or another unbelievably tragic and preventable massacre is carried out. Sadly, that is the America we live in today.Watch the video below:Featured image via screenshot",0
4530," Stolen Valor: GOP Senator Disgracefully Lies, Makes Up Military Service","Senator Mark Kirk (R-IL) has been caught red-handed lying about the details of his military service, and it isn t the first time he has done it. From The Huffington Post:CNN reported Wednesday that Kirk s campaign website erroneously stated that he is  a veteran of the Iraq War.  In reality, the senator stayed in the United States during the war as he served in the Navy Reserve.His campaign chalked it up to a staff error, saying that particular page on Kirk s website was not meant to be public and that staff members were making edits to it. Staff moved the page behind a password-protected firewall after CNN investigated.Kirk, who is up for re-election this year, has previously been caught in the middle of lies about his military career.He claimed in 2010 that he had been named  Intelligence Officer of the Year,  when the award was for work his entire unit had done. He also promoted a story alleging that his reconnaissance plane had come under fire, but there was no record of that. Kirk claimed that he had served in  combat  in Kosovo, but he didn t. He claimed he had been deployed to Afghanistan, but he had been sent there for training, not for combat service. He also previously falsely claimed to have been deployed to combat in Operation Desert Storm.Kirk s lies about his service would be a major issue at any time, but they are even more notable because he is facing a strong challenge from Rep. Tammy Duckworth (D-IL). Duckworth is an actual combat veteran who served in the Iraq War. In that conflict, Duckworth received a Purple Heart after her helicopter was hit by a rocket-propelled grenade. She is a double amputee after her severe injuries forced the removal of her right leg near the hip and her left leg below the knee.In polling averages, Duckworth is currently 7% ahead of Kirk.Featured image via Flickr",0
4531, WATCH: Trump Just Accidentally Admitted He Still Believes Obama Was Born In Kenya,"In an interview with a Toledo, Ohio news station, Donald Trump accidentally admitted that his  big  20-second announcement that Barack Obama was born in the United States,  period,  was just a ruse. Speaking to ABC6/FOX28, Trump seems to have again picked up the birther ball in a  wink and nod  fashion. This announcement earlier this week with you saying that you believe President Obama was in fact born in the United States, after all the years where you ve expressed some doubt, what changed?  interviewer Ben Garbarek asked, prompting Trump to explain that he caved because he didn t want to talk about it anymore   no other reason: Well I just wanted to get on with, I wanted to get on with the campaign. A lot of people were asking me questions. We want to talk about jobs. We want to talk about the military. We want to talk about ISIS and get rid of ISIS. We want to talk about bringing jobs back to this area because you ve been decimated so we just wanted to get back on the subject of jobs, military, taking care of our vets, etc. Yes, being able to  get on  with his campaign without being bothered by inconvenient questions about the five years he spent attempting to delegitimize the President by demanding his birth certificate, college transcripts and applications, and other documents he was sure would prove that Barry Soetoro (as the President is known in birther circles) is a Kenyan-born conman who managed to install himself as President through what we can only assume is magic.Sadly, this accidental admission that his views on the President s birthplace and eligibility for office had not changed one iota is perhaps the most honest thing Trump has said lately, with much of his attention being focused on defending the Trump Foundation s misuse of charitable funds to pay The Donald s personal legal fees, attacking African-American communities, and practically publicly masturbating over the recent attacks in New York and New Jersey.Watch the interview below:Featured image via screengrab/Getty Images (Win McNamee)",0
4532, ‘Avengers’ Director Launches EPIC Celebrity-Filled Superhero Effort To DEFEAT Trump (VIDEO),"World-renowned writer/director Joss Whedon has returned to social media with a vengeance and a message that needs to be heard by everyone. Especially those who are apparently severely apathetic to the election this year.The Avengers director and Buffy the Vampire Slayer creator knows all too well that we can t sit this election out and has recruited some of the biggest names in the entertainment industry to get his message out there.His Save the Day PAC is described as such: We are a short-form digital productions company dedicated to the idea that voting is a necessary and heroic act. That every voice in this wonderfully diverse nation should, and must, be heard. That the only thing that can save democracy is the act that defines it. We are committed to fighting the apathy, cynicism, and honest confusion that keeps citizens from using their vote. And to reminding an increasingly out-of-touch and compromised set of representatives that they are answerable to the people they were hired to serve. It s clear in the video that Donald Trump must be defeated for the good of all humanity, so it makes absolute sense that Whedon would use those who have played superheroes in his movies to get this very important message across.It s absolutely important that we all vote, not only for president, but also for legislators all the way down to the local level. This election defines not only who will lead the nation, but also who will sit on the Supreme Court, and as Whedon s video points out, it s a  tipping point  for the world.Sitting at home because you think both parties are equally as bad isn t only wrong, it s dangerous and allows that which we despise the most to gain power and control.Go here to visit Save the Day PAC, register to vote, and make sure your voice is heard.Watch the video here:Featured Photo by Kevin Winter/Getty Images",0
4533, CNN Commentator DEVASTATES Trump Supporter Who Thinks Using The N-Word Is Great (VIDEO),"This should come as no surprise to most of us, but Trump supporter Don King let the  N-word  slip out during a recent speech in an Ohio Church. It s also unlikely that you ll be surprised at the fact that Trump was sitting right behind him, smiling with glee when it happened.Trump LOVED hearing the  N-word  (screenshot)CNN commentator Angela Rye spoke about this terrible incident with a Trump supporter, and the racism behind the Trump campaign got even worse. When Rye asked white Trump surrogate Joseph Borelli to  Please tell me that you understand  how offensive it was to use the  N-word  in 2016, she didn t quite get the answer she was hoping for. In fact, it was the exact opposite. The white panelist basically said that since rappers use the  N-word , it s fair game for Don King and everyone else. Borelli said: Have you not listened to music where other African-Americans use language far worse than this? Rye couldn t believe her ears, and gave Borelli a chance to save himself as she begged,  Please don t do that to me. Please don t do that to me, today. And of course, the dense Trump supporter didn t take the hint: I am going to do it, though. You can t say that Don King is saying a word that is now suddenly unacceptable. It s not one that I would use, but it s perhaps a word that Don King would use. That s when Rye went off and tore him a new one. In making her point, Rye warned,  What I m saying to you, is this trivializes your candidate s black outreach. You can watch Rye shred Borelli below:@CorporateBarbie@metroadlib RT @keithboykin: .@angela_rye for the win! #DonKingpic.twitter.com/otd8owrCU7  Thanks for Asking (@ykesha2001) September 21, 2016Rye also didn t hesitate to point out the fact that Trump was smirking during the  N-word -heavy speech, which will undoubtedly create more trust issues with African American voters:.@angela_rye on Trump surrogate using the N word during a minority outreach event https://t.co/fVy4GUzMZU  Eugene Scott (@Eugene_Scott) September 21, 2016Featured image via screen capture",0
4534, WATCH: Jimmy Kimmel Demonstrates That Trump Could Support Child Rape And Not Lose Any Votes,"It s official. Trump s supporters will vote for Donald Trump no matter what he does or what lies he tells, even if his tax returns reveal the truth.During his show on Tuesday night, Jimmy Kimmel ran yet another  Lie Witness News  segment featuring Trump supporters being asked questions based on the false story of him finally releasing his tax returns.The Kimmel reporter on the street asked Trump fans what they think now that the tax returns reveal that Trump is close with Putin, leases his wife Melania, writes off gold-plated toilets as a business expense, and supports child molester Jared Fogle.As it turns out, every single Trump supporter said they are still voting for the Republican nominee no matter what, even if it is true that Trump contributed to the legal defense fund of a convicted child molester. In fact, his supporters made excuses for Trump in order to justify his actions.So when Donald Trump said that he could go out and shoot someone dead in broad daylight in the middle of Fifth Avenue and not lose any votes, he was right.Because Trump s supporters were not fazed by any of the claims presented to them. They were even okay with him lying on his returns by listing his occupation as a farmer.Seriously.Here s the video via YouTube.Trump s supporters are truly deplorable people who just want to watch the world burn.It doesn t matter what he says or what he does or how much he embarrasses America, Donald Trump s supporter will vote for him no matter what.So the question is will the rest of us sit home on Election Day and let the lunatics win? Or will we get our asses off the couch and make sure Donald Trump never sets a single toe inside the White House?Because if his supporters don t mind him doing all of these despicable things, that means Trump could basically do whatever he wants in office without political consequences and that would be disastrous for the nation.Featured image via screen capture",0
4535," Facing Tough Re-Election, Sheriff Joe Says He’s Still Investigating Obama’s Birth Certificate","Even though Donald Trump (sort of) dropped the  birther  issue, there s one pro-Trump surrogate who   in the tightest re-election fight of his life   is still pledging to continue his investigation into President Obama s birth certificate.Sheriff Joe Arpaio, who was recently recommended for criminal court due to the continuation of racial profiling and perjury, told a group of Tea Party activists that he is certain Barack Obama s birth certificate is forged and will do everything he can to prove it: I m not going to give up, and we re looking into it. I don t know how it s going to turn out. I don t care where he s from. We are looking at a forged document. Period. I had nothing to do with Trump on the birth certificate. We did it on our own, because of you guys. The room of 200 or so activists were of course energized by Arpaio s pledge to unleash the  truth.  Before speaking to the crowd, Arpaio told reporters that it was the Tea Party activists in Maricopa County that got him  stuck  with the birther issue after World Net Daily, a right-wing publication known for conspiracy theories, had a reporter speak to another group, and subsequently gathered almost 250 signatures demanding Arpaio investigate. He complied, launching his investigation last week.According to Arizona Central:Mike Zullo, the lead investigator on the case and commander of Arpaio s Cold Case Posse, told the crowd that he knew Trump s statement was a  punch in the gut, because it was unexpected. Zullo said he thought Trump s statement was  strategic. It s not going to deter us,  Zullo said.  It s not going to stop us. I am closer than ever. Zullo also claims that a nurse who worked at the hospital where President Obama was born, the Kapiolani Medical Center for Women and Children in Honolulu, denies that such a birth ever happened.Well there you have it. Not only are Maricopa County residents footing the bill for Arpaio s legal woes (yet again), they are now paying for another  investigation  into President Obama s birth certificate. Is this what Republicans mean by  fiscal responsibility? In Maricopa County, there are almost 4.2 million taxpaying citizens. And now they are paying their Sheriff s office their tax dollars to  investigate  some fringe conspiracy supported by 250 activists. Think about that.Maybe that s why Arpaio is losing his re-election bid to a Democrat, Paul Penzone, and it might also explain why his poll numbers are plummeting.Good thing he s focusing on the issues that matter.Featured image via Ralph Froso/Getty Images",0
4536, Foreign Diplomats Scared Sh*tless Over The Idea Of A President Trump,"As we know, the final United Nations General Assembly of President Obama s presidency is occurring in New York City this week. That gave diplomats from around the world to weigh in on this year s very strange presidential election. Many seem rather rattled about the idea of a Donald Trump presidency, while others merely poked fun at Trump s buffoonery.One diplomat mocked Trump, saying,  he s a clown.  Another said,  He s nuts.  Yet another said that Trump is an  untrustworthy egomaniacal equivocator. Well, it s too bad so many American citizens can t see these traits in Trump. An Ipsos poll that polled foreign ambassadors who are currently working in America has 60 percent of these people saying they would vote for Democratic presidential nominee Hillary Clinton if they were citizens, while only 7 percent would hop on the Trump Train. That in and of itself is very telling.Dennis Jett, who spent much of his career being a diplomat himself and now works for Pennsylvania State University School of International Affairs, says that Trump s behavior has made many diplomats nervous and worried about American leadership, America s role in the world. Also curious is the fact that the American people have succumbed to the belief that Hillary is untrustworthy, while 93 percent of those surveyed in the Ipsos poll say that they find Hillary to be  somewhat  or  very much  in the realm of someone who they feel they can trust. On the other hand, just two in five of those surveyed say that they trust Trump  a little  while the rest said they don t trust him as far as they can throw him.German Foreign Minister Frank-Walter Steinmeier says that Trump is a  hate preacher  and alluded to the idea that the billionaire tycoon reminds him of demagogues from past times in his own homeland. French President Fran ois Hollande says that the GOP nominee s excesses make you want to retch. One lobbyist familiar with the diplomatic community says that there are deepening fears around the world regarding the idea of Trump making it to the White House. Speaking anonymously, the lobbyist said: Foreign clients are very concerned about what they perceive as a tipping point in this election. This is less about Democrat versus Republican, and more about open versus closed economy, vis- -vis the rest of the world. With a wave of nationalism and protectionism sweeping the West, there is a real concern it will take hold in the United States and in what form it might show itself post-election.Whether it s immigration reform or trade policy, it feels as if much of the world is opening while the U.S. is teetering on closing. Even more alarming, the diplomats say, is Trump s  America First  and isolationist demagoguery. Stephen Walt, who works as a professor at the Kennedy School of Government at Harvard University, says of the situation among diplomats: First and most obviously, most foreign governments would like a relatively predictable post-November situation, and I think they regard Trump correctly as a giant leap in the dark.Whatever Hillary Clinton s strengths or weaknesses might be, she has been a very conventional politician, at least when it comes to foreign policy. Therefore, people don t anticipate any kind of radical turn if she s elected. Of course, another source of more than a little concern is Trump s penchant for starting public feuds with longtime allies of the United States, as well as his public musings that he might not honor alliances such as the North Atlantic Treaty Organization (NATO)   which is the single most important military alliance that we have developed since the horrors of World War II.In other words, the entire world is afraid of Donald Trump. Why aren t the American people able to see how dangerous this demagogue is? Donald Trump could single-handedly destroy the world with the power of the presidency.Featured image via Joe Raedle/Getty Images",0
4537, Racist Swarm Fox News In Response To Protests In Charlotte And Their Comments Are Deplorable,"Police say Keith Lamont Scott had a gun. Scott s family says he was just reading a book.But it doesn t matter what the facts are, racists are not only happy that another black man is dead, but theyalso want police to kill all of the people protesting the shooting.Protests broke out in Charlotte, North Carolina on Tuesday night and, as usual, Fox News went to great lengths to portray the protest as a full scale riot and that sent racists into a hateful frenzy on Twitter.FOX NEWS ALERT: At least 12 Charlotte officers injured in latest anti-police protests (via @HuntsmanAbby) pic.twitter.com/TW0wmvSSNM  FOX & Friends (@foxandfriends) September 21, 2016And here are some of the worst remarks. @foxandfriends @HuntsmanAbby anti police protests is what u call it ? Looked more like drugged out animals robbing stores to me wtf  whfla (@WalterWhfla) September 21, 2016@foxandfriends @HuntsmanAbby Ovomit has set this environment for this kind of violent reaction that people now take advantage of for looting  2SoundOff (@2SoundOff1) September 21, 2016 @foxandfriends Muslim brotherhood alive and well  ginger jensen starks (@gingerjeanne) September 21, 2016@foxandfriends @HuntsmanAbby Can someone explain to me what Walmart had to do with the police shooting in NC. These ppl are THUGS period  Cliff (@ceva1194) September 21, 2016 @foxandfriends @HuntsmanAbby it s a pretty sad day in America when our police officers can t protect themselves from thugs. #Trump 2016  DeplorableLMay (@tennisjunkie14) September 21, 2016@foxandfriends @HuntsmanAbby tribes being tribal how many had to be a work this morning oh probably none of them  Donnie Miller (@trimman21) September 21, 2016In addition, Raw Story captured screenshots of some comments that have since been deleted.These are the people who are going to be voting in November for Donald Trump, who has the backing of white supremacist groups.While some people are wrongly taking advantage of the protests to riot, it s also wrong to call black people  animals  or  savages  or the N-word. Tensions are already high enough as it is. Adding this kind of racism to the mix won t help settle things down.Featured image via screen capture",0
4538, Trump Campaign Gives PATHETIC Reason Why George H.W. Bush Is Voting For Hillary (VIDEO),"Months ago, former First Lady Laura Bush shocked Americans when she said she d rather vote for Democratic candidate Hillary Clinton than a Republican this election. For the most part, former presidential candidate Jeb Bush and former presidents George W. Bush and George H.W. Bush have opted to stay out of this election   until now.Word of George H.W. Bush s decision to snub the GOP by not voting for its disastrous Republican nominee just recently broke, and it s a super provocative move because not only is Bush refusing to support his party, but he is voting for the Democratic Party instead. It s a controversial decision, but obviously Bush recognizes that it s the smartest choice for the future of this country.The Trump campaign, as you can imagine, isn t taking this lightly. In an interview with CNN s Erin Burnett, Trump campaign manager Kellyanne Conway reacted to the elder Bush s voting decision and couldn t have demonstrated any better how immature and bitter the campaign was about it.Conway said that although she  respects  Bush s choice, it s ironic that he s voting for the wife of the man who knocked him out of the race  in 1992. Conway also chalked up Bush s decision to vote for Clinton to his emotions and  hurt feelings  over his son s loss to Trump in the primaries. She said: This was a bruising primary, and Jeb Bush really failed all expectations  I know there are a lot of hurt feelings there. You can watch the interview below: Jeb Bush really failed there are a lot of hurt feelings  @KellyannePolls on Bush 41 voting #Clinton https://t.co/iyhiLRgrPL  OutFrontCNN (@OutFrontCNN) September 20, 2016This response from the Trump campaign is exactly what we d expect it to be. The Bush family is making a responsible, informed decision during this election, and that is way too much for Trump and his minions to wrap their feeble minds around. This election is no joke   it s about far more than Republican and Democrat parties. It s about saving the country from a candidate that will destroy it   and the Bush s are smart enough to recognize that.Featured image via Joe Mahoney / Getty Images",0
4539, Trump Says Blacks Are In Worse Shape Than During SLAVERY (VIDEO),"Donald Trump has again made a huge mistake while referring to life experienced by many black Americans every day. The screw-up in question came as Trump seriously argued that the lives of blacks today are worse than they were during slavery and in the Jim Crow segregation era.Speaking at a rally in Kenansville, North Carolina, Trump again stumbled in an apparent attempt to endear himself to black voters. We re going to make our country safe again. We re going to rebuild our inner cities because our African-American communities are absolutely in the worst shape that they ve ever been in before,  he said.  Ever, ever, ever. The comment, made in a city named for a slave owner, is objectively untrue, and completely ignores that black people were once subjected to slavery and Jim Crow laws.While the media has largely viewed Trump s weird racial comments as a sign that he is  reaching out  to black voters, polls have actually shown that he is poised to do worse with that group than Mitt Romney or John McCain.Black voters have had an inherent distrust of Trump, which has been amplified thanks to his promotion of the racist  birther  conspiracy there for years.Trump also called for the death penalty for the Central Park 5, long after it had been proven that the young black men involved with the case had been proven innocent.Lately, Trump has argued that the black community in America is a desperate, infantile mess, relying on government welfare in order to simply get by. The image Trump has been spreading has not been for black audiences, but instead have been targeted to a conservative base, high on the idea that ethnic minorities always have their hands out.Black voters have found Trump s description of them insulting, particularly coming as the community has made huge strides forward.Featured image via screen capture",0
4540, Protests Erupt In Charlotte After Cops Kill Disabled Black Man Who Was Reading A Book In His Car,"Protests have erupted in Charlotte, North Carolina after another African-American man was shot and killed by police on Tuesday afternoon. The victim was reportedly disabled and was reading a book in his car when cops approached him.According to police reports, officers came across Keith Lamont Scott while they were at his apartment complex to serve a warrant to someone else. Police claim that Scott had a gun and  posed an imminent deadly threat to the officers, but family and witnesses dispute that claim. A woman identifying herself as the victim s daughter, Lyric Scott, said that her father didn t have a gun, he had a book. He sits in the shade, reads his book, does his studies, and waits on his kid to get off the bus,  the woman said.  He didn t have no gun. He wasn t messing with nobody. All they did, them  jumpout boys,  them undercover detectives, they jumped out their truck, they said,  Hands up he got a gun, he got a gun, pow pow pow pow.  That s it. You can see her video below:Here s the man s sister. She says he did not have a gun. @CMPD says he did. @WBTV_News pic.twitter.com/JwHMixy9m7  Sarah-Blake Morgan (@SarahBlakeWBTV) September 20, 2016Protesters poured onto the streets of Charlotte on Tuesday night, chanting  Black lives matter  and  Hands up don t shoot.  Police turned out in riot gear and have deployed tear gas to control the crowds. Meanwhile, the number of protesters continues to grow.You can watch video of the protests below:Featured image via video screen capture",0
4541, Damning New Evidence Shows Cop Who Murdered Unarmed St. Louis Man Likely Planted Gun,"In 2011, St. Louis police officer Jason Stockley shot and killed Anthony Lamar Smith, a drug suspect that he was trying to arrest. At the time, Stockley claimed that he saw Smith reaching for a gun, which is why he fired his. Self-defense, that s all it ever is, isn t it? The problem is Smith was unarmed and now there s not just evidence of that, but there s also evidence that Stockley may have done worse than lie.There is a strong possibility that he planted the gun in Smith s car after murdering him to cover his own ass.Smith did flee the scene of a possible drug deal and a high-speed chase ensued. Stockley was carrying a personally-owned AK-47 that Smith, in escaping, almost knocked out of his hands. Stockley was not authorized to carry that weapon while on duty, which goes a long way towards demonstrating Stockley as an unethical officer at the very least. He was also recorded as saying that he was going to kill Smith.Stockley s partner, Brian Bianchi, said that he warned Stockley about a revolver on the seat of Smith s car, and Stockley himself said he feared Smith was about to pull the revolver when he approached: Before striking me [with his car], I observed, in plain view in the subject s hand while resting on the passenger seat, a silver handgun. The handgun was pointing up and towards me Because of the presence of a weapon and because I felt my personal safety was in jeopardy, as was the safety of P.O. Bianchi, and bystanders, I fired several shots at the subject. It s apparently hard to see in the videos whether Stockley handled the revolver; however, it s damned telling that only his DNA was on the gun. Something of Smith would definitely have been there if he d been handling the gun, as Stockley alleged.The St. Louis Board of Police Commissioners did pay a $900,000 settlement to Smith s family in 2013, but Stockley himself was not charged with murder. That is, until this year, when this new evidence came to light.Stockley is now charged with first-degree murder, but is free on a $1 million bond. He left the St. Louis Police Department in 2013. Watch below for more background on this story:Featured image via screen capture from embedded video",0
4542, Trump Used Foundation Donations To Pay Off And Settle Private Lawsuits,"Another day, another real Trump controversy. While the media hyper-focuses on Hillary Clinton s  pay-for-play  scandal (that wasn t actually a scandal, just crappy reporting from the Associated Press), a Washington Post report has found a major smoking gun regarding the Trump Foundation:Donald Trump spent more than a quarter-million dollars from his charitable foundation to settle lawsuits that involved the billionaire s for-profit businesses, according to interviews and a review of legal documents.Totaling over $258,000 in Foundation money, Trump may have been involved in has violated laws against  what is known as  self-dealing  (something Trump is used to) which prohibits nonprofit leaders from using their charity s money to benefit themselves or their private businesses.So not only has the Trump Foundation been found to have illegally contributed to politicians, it has been found to be engaging in self-dealing. And people think the Clinton Foundation is immoral?Here are some of the examples:According to the Post:In those cases, tax experts said, Trump was not allowed to simply keep these items and display them in a home or business. They had to be put to a charitable use.He did not use the paintings nor the helmet for charitable use, but rather personal use. Which is, as tax experts and the laws say, is illegal.So turns out the only  crooked  one in this race is Donald Trump, and the only fraud isn t the Clinton foundation, but the Trump Foundation. Illegal contributions, illegal lawsuit payoffs, and personal gifts with other people s money (for non charitable use).Of course, the Clinton campaign hit on the issue, saying Trump is a fraud who believes the rules don t apply to him,   and that  Clearly the Trump Foundation is as much a charitable organization as Trump University is an institute of higher education.  Ouch.Let s see Fox News and the Trump camp try to spin this.Simply put, Trump needs to be forced to pay back all that he stole from donors and all that was used illegally. And if doesn t, he should be prosecuted for being the fraud he is.Featured image via Spencer Platt/Getty Images",0
4543, Trump Jr. Will Absolutely Hate Who Took The Pic Of That Skittles Bowl,"Donald Trump, Jr. seems to have taken over as his father s campaign s Supervisor of Offensive Posts, particularly with some of his most recent tweets. One was of a bowl of Skittles, and asked us the really asinine question of whether we d eat those Skittles if we knew three of them were poisoned, but not which ones. He s (rightfully) caught an awful lot of flack for that, but he likely didn t expect to catch it from the man who took that photo.He probably also didn t expect the photographer to be who he is: A refugee living in the U.K. David Kittos fled Turkish occupation of Cyprus in the 1970s and has been living in the U.K. ever since. He is (quite understandably) angry by Trump Jr. s misappropriation of his image to promote a xenophobic, racist and anti-refugee policy: This was not done with my permission, I don t support his politics and I would never take his money to use it.In 1974, when I was six-years old, I was a refugee from the Turkish occupation of Cyprus so I would never approve the use of this image against refugees. Oops. That s only a minor faux pas   oh wait. It s a major embarrassment to use an image that originates with a refugee to speak out against refugees.Kittos took the picture six years ago in his studio while he was experimenting with a specific type of flash. He s not on Twitter, but friends familiar with his work let him know of this unauthorized and offensive use of one of his photos, which does appear on Flickr.Just what is up with this campaign acting like copyright only applies to other people?We digress. Anyway.Kittos  photo was never intended for political use and he certainly would never release it or sell it for such usage. Trump Jr. and others, like the disgraceful former Congresscritter Joe Walsh, don t seem to care, though, as long as they can make their point that refugees are dangerous.Wrigley, the makers of Skittles candy, also upbraided Trump Jr. for his baloney: Skittles are candy. Refugees are people.We don t feel it is an appropriate analogy. We will respectfully refrain from further commentary as anything we say could be misinterpreted as marketing. For his part, Kittos isn t sure if he s going to pursue legal action. However, he did say: I would like the Trump campaign to delete the image, but they are probably not interested in what I have to say.I was thinking about getting lawyers involved but I don t know if I have the patience.This isn t about the money for me. They could have just bought a cheap image from a micro stock library. This is pure greed from them. I don t think they care about my feelings. They should not be stealing an image full stop. And they definitely need to learn how to source copyrighted work if they re the so-called  law and order campaign  that they claim to be. But that s beside the point. Kittos is, himself, a refugee. It s natural that he would feel especially upset by this use of his image. It also speaks to the insanely tone-deaf nature of the Trump campaign. They don t care about such trivia as long as their point is made.Featured image by John Sommers II/Getty Images",0
4544, Hateful Arizona Pastor Deported From Botswana After Saying Gays Should Be ‘Stoned to Death’ (VIDEO),"Wouldn t it be nice if we could just kick bigots out of our country? Well, that s exactly what happened when anti-gay Arizona pastor Stephen Anderson stopped by Botswana for a visit and decided to preach hate.Anderson s road to Botswana was an eventful one, with the United Kingdom banning him from so much as getting on a connecting flight in their country. This forced him to find a  roundabout  way to get to Botswana, where he intended to spend quite some time preaching. But after he suggested that homosexuals be stoned to death in a radio interview, Anderson learned that his hatred is not tolerated everywhere. I have identified Steven Anderson as an undesirable person to travel to South Africa,  Home Affairs Minister Malusi Gigaba told the BBC. The country s Constitution, unlike ours, prohibits hate speech against, among other things, the gay community (even though homosexual acts are illegal in Botswana)   and if you ve ever listened to Anderson speak for five minutes straight, you know hate speech is kind of his  thing.  The government even tweeted to inform everyone he had been declared a  prohibited immigrant :Pastor #StevenAnderson, a #USA citizen has been declared a Prohibited Immigrant and as such is being deported from #Botswana  Botswana Government (@BWGovernment) September 20, 2016What prompted his removal was a radio interview in which he said homosexuals should be  stoned to death.  Anderson also repeated his praise of the Pulse nightclub shooter. While he says he doesn t advocate violence, the victims were  disgusting homosexuals who the Bible says are worthy of death, the Bible says the government should put them to death, so why would I be sad if these horrible people died that the Bible says should die anyway. Anderson told his interviewer, who pointed out that the Bible supports slavery, that while he doesn t believe the Bible condones slavery (it does),  if it did then yes I would condone it  because  the Bible is always right and I am not smarter than God. In the past, Anderson has blamed the terrorist attacks in France earlier this year on the country s acceptance of  f*ggots, has called the Orlando massacre  good news  because a bunch of  f*ggots  died (he later expanded on that by adding that  perfect Christians  would  bathe  in the blood of the slaughtered innocents while singing praise to God), has prayed for the death of President Obama and asked God to rip out Caitlyn Jenner s heart and even suggested executing every gay person in the world  to cure AIDS. You can watch Anderson getting snagged by immigration officials below. If you re anything like me, you ll play it on repeat and laugh.You can see an interview with his camera guy here:Featured image via screen capture",0
4545, U2’s Bono Has BRUTAL Words For Donald Trump (VIDEO),"While rock band U2 s Bono has had a career of being politically outspoken, his priorities have generally been focused   primarily on improving living conditions in underdeveloped countries. Heck, the liberal Bono even found common ground with George W. Bush. There s no common ground to be found with Donald Trump, though, who the U2 singer called  potentially the worst idea that every happened to America. In an interview with CBS This Morning, Bono gave credence to the idea of American exceptionalism, but he feels that Trump destroys that. In fact, Bono says, Trump could  destroy  the very idea of America: Look, America is like the best idea the world ever came up with,  Bono, whose real name is Paul David Hewson, told  CBS This Morning  in an interview broadcast Tuesday.  But Donald Trump is potentially the worst idea that ever happened to America. Potentially. Bono pointed to nations like Ireland and Great Britain as great countries but suggested that America is different because it s an idea, one that Trump is  trying to hijack. That idea is bound up in justice and equality for all   equality and justice for all, you know,  he continued.  I think he s hijacked the party. I think he s trying to hijack the idea of America. And I think it s bigger than all of us. I think it s   it s   this is really dangerous. Source: PoliticoHere s the video:Say what you want about the often controversial Bono, but he has seen the world and he s right. The idea of America, as a melting pot, as a place where with hard work, anyone can be a success, is not completely incompatible with Donald Trump s ideas. Trump is a xenophobe. He and his supporters want to turn our nation into a solitary island. That s never been what our nation is about.Featured image via Mark Sagliocco/Getty Images.",0
4546, Trump Jr. Once Again Shows His Lack Of Humanity With Disgusting Tweet About Syrian Refugees,"We ve all seen the horrific photos of children who are victims of the Syrian Civil War. Perhaps the most infamous is the one of the little boy sitting, covered in blood and dirt, barefoot, in the back of an ambulance. He is clearly in shock. It shows us just what that kind of war does to a society, to ordinary people, and children just like us, just like the kids in our own lives.via Mirror.co.UKWell, there is one person who is completely unmoved by these images: Donald Trump Jr. The Donald s mini me has long shown his lack of humanity. After all, he made a disgusting Holocaust reference when trying to tear down the media s coverage of Hillary Clinton, saying if the GOP did what the Democrats are doing, they d be  warming up the gas chamber.  Well, now, he s gone into the gutter again, this time regarding Syrian refugees. Trump Jr sent out the following tweet, comparing refugees to a bowl of Skittles:This image says it all. Let's end the politically correct agenda that doesn't put America first. #trump2016 pic.twitter.com/9fHwog7ssN  Donald Trump Jr. (@DonaldJTrumpJr) September 19, 2016And as if this weren t bad enough, comparing human beings to a bowl of candy, this is actually a white supremacist meme.The Skittles are a reference to white supremacist meme. Changed from M&Ms to Skittles because of George Zimmerman. https://t.co/86FsWdft5O  Laura Seay (@texasinafrica) September 20, 2016George Zimmerman is, of course, the wannabe cop who got away with murdering Trayvon Martin, a black teen who was walking home from the store in Florida with only a can of iced tea and a package of skittles. So, in other words, once again, Trump Jr. is openly courting white supremacists on his father s behalf.Skittles spokeswoman Denise Young said that her company, Wrigley, which is the parent company that produces skittles, didn t believe Trump Jr s image was  appropriate.  She went on to say: Skittles are candy. Refugees are people. We don t feel it s an appropriate analogy. We will respectfully refrain from further commentary as anything we say could be misinterpreted as marketing. The Trump campaign is so repugnant that even candy makers have to speak out. This meme is racist, disgusting, and is just another sign of what a morally bankrupt family the Trumps are. Do everything you can to keep them out of the White House, folks. VOTE BLUE.Featured image via video screen capture",0
4547, Racist Whacko Threatens Construction Crew With Gun: ‘Get These N*****s Off The Road’ (VIDEO),"A racist Georgia man went completely off the deep end when faced with road work on his way home, threatening the construction crew with a gun while shouting racial slurs.Construction worker Nelson King said that on Thursday morning they were working on a section of road in Coweta County. Harold Bishop was on his way home when he came upon the portion of the road that had been closed for construction. The 72-year-old man then proceeded to completely freak the f*ck out and began waving around a gun while shouting racial epithets at the crew. He pulled up on us and he was like,  Get these N-word off the road, I live here, I ll kill you N-word,  King recalled.When Bishop pulled out his gun for the second time, King decided to start recording the incident while another man working at the scene called 911. According to the Coweta County Sheriff s Office, Bishop then left the scene but returned before police showed up. King said he decided to record the man s threats so that he would have proof of what was happening. If I can show proof that he pulled the gun out,  said King,  police will get him. It was a good thing King had decided to make the video of Bishop threatening them with his gun because when police showed up they saw him throw a beer out of the window and smelled alcohol on him, but they could not find the weapon. That s when King whipped out the proof. I showed police the video and they seen the gun when he pointed it at us, they were like oh he s got to go,  said King.Bishop has been charged with charged with five counts of aggravated assault with a firearm, weapon pointing a gun at another, terroristic threats, DUI, and probation violation. He is currently being held without bond and is due in court on September 22.Watch more, here:Featured image via video screen capture",0
4548, George H.W. Bush May Have Just Dealt An Incredibly Stinging Blow To The Trump Train,"Guess who George H.W. Bush is voting for? He lost to Bill Clinton in 1992, and his son is George W. Bush. Yet it seems that the elder Bush finds Trump so distasteful a candidate that he s actually going to cast his vote for Hillary Clinton.According to Politico, Bush Sr. had originally planned on keeping quiet about this election. Considering the fact that he s a Republican, and therefore expected to weigh in on the side of the Republicans  chosen candidate, this is actually pretty major. But it wasn t Bush himself who revealed his vote. It was Kathleen Kennedy Townsend daughter of the late Robert Kennedy who let this particular interesting tidbit slip: On Monday, Townsend posted a picture on her Facebook page shaking hands next to the former president and this caption:  The President told me he s voting for Hillary!!' She stood by that later on when talking to Politico. According to her, George H.W. Bush would rather vote for his former rival and successor s wife than the god-awful train wreck that is Donald Trump.A spokesman for the Bush family refused to actually confirm this   he said that George H.W. s vote is a private decision and will remain so. He himself isn t commenting, but it seems that those who are in his inner circle aren t being so tight-lipped, if Kennedy is to be believed.Bush Sr. did make it clear back in May that he had absolutely zero intention of endorsing Trump. That s a bold, but wise, move for any Republican, since Republicans are supposed to be on the side of freedom and Trump is on the side of dictatorship and authoritarianism.His love of Russian president Vladimir Putin would suggest that he s also on the side of autocracy. None of these three things meshes with the democracy Republicans say we ve built in even the smallest way.Earlier in the summer, an administration official for George W. Bush announced that she would vote for Hillary, adding her name to an ever-growing list of Republicans and conservatives who can t find it within themselves to support Trump. Jeb Bush has said he can neither vote for Hillary nor Trump.A former Republican president refusing to stand for the current Republican nominee is a stinging blow indeed.Featured image by Scott Halleran/Getty Images",0
4549, WATCH: Donald Trump Says Constitution Should Not Give Everyone The Right To Due Process,"If Donald Trump has his way, the constitutional right to due process will only belong to white racists.In the wake of the bombing in New York City over the weekend, police were able to apprehend a suspect named Ahmad Khan Rahami after a shootout.Rahami was hit and needed to be hospitalized to get his gunshot wound treated. And as an American citizen, he is also guaranteed the right to an attorney even if he cannot afford one.Why? Because the Fifth and Sixth Amendments of the Constitution say so.But Republican nominee Donald Trump thinks the amendments should be scrapped in Rahami s case. You know, because he s a Muslim.During a rally in Florida on Monday, Trump whined because Rahami is being treated in a hospital for his wound and further complained about him being represented by a competent defense attorney. Now we will give him amazing hospitalization. He will be taken care of by some of the best doctors in the world. He will be given a fully modern and updated hospital room. And he ll probably even have room service, knowing the way our country is. And on top of all of that, he will be represented by an outstanding lawyer. His case will go through the various court systems for years and in the end, people will forget and his punishment will not be what it once would have been. What a sad situation. Trump, who advocates for torture techniques, also demanded a speedy trial resulting in  harsh punishment  and suggested using  whatever lawful methods are available to obtain information from the apprehended suspect to get information before it s no longer timely. Here s the video via YouTube.The Fifth Amendment states:No person shall be held to answer for a capital, or otherwise infamous crime, unless on a presentment or indictment of a grand jury nor be deprived of life, liberty, or property, without due process of law; nor shall private property be taken for public use, without just compensation.Rahami is innocent until proven guilty. So not letting him get the treatment he needs could lead to him dying from an infection or loss of blood, thus depriving him of life without due process.Furthermore, the Sixth Amendment clearly gives everyone the right to an attorney, even a bombing suspect.In all criminal prosecutions, the accused shall enjoy the right to a speedy and public trial, by an impartial jury of the state and district wherein the crime shall have been committed, which district shall have been previously ascertained by law, and to be informed of the nature and cause of the accusation; to be confronted with the witnesses against him; to have compulsory process for obtaining witnesses in his favor, and to have the assistance of counsel for his defense.The right to have an attorney is one of the most foundational values of the country, most exemplified by Founding Father John Adams, who defended the British soldiers who were arrested after the Boston Massacre in 1770.In short, it doesn t matter who the suspect is or what they did, they have the right to due process and an attorney in this country. But Donald Trump apparently wants to put a  white s only  sign on the Constitution.Featured image via screen capture",0
4550, How Trump Is Hiding From The Media Like A Total Coward,"Donald Trump has a reputation in the media for being open and accessible to interview requests. He is known for a willingness to spout off to whoever sticks a microphone in front of his face, and it has helped him get this far as a political candidate.But lately, as Trump has hired new handlers and other assorted campaign personnel, he has also been in something of a retreat. That is, Trump is only talking to Fox News right now.Trump is saying  yes  to Fox News almost every day but saying  no  to most other major networks and news organizations   a highly unusual strategy for a presidential nominee.He called into  Fox & Friends  on Monday morning, he is booked on  The O Reilly Factor  Monday night, and he has another town hall with Sean Hannity coming up on Wednesday.Rousing the base instead of reaching out to undecided voters may ultimately pay off for Trump. If nothing else, it limits the candidate s exposure to hard-hitting questions   while fueling frustration among journalists.At Fox News, Trump can avoid pesky follow-up questions about his support for the racist birther conspiracy, long after he claims to have dropped it. Fox News hosts won t ask him why he reacts to possible terrorism by screaming about how he was right, rather than express condolences for the victims and support for law enforcement. At Fox News, Trump isn t challenged   and that s the way he wants it.The problem is, wrapping up in the Fox News cocoon may feel good for the time being, but the way to win an election is to appeal to audiences outside of your base of comfort. Trump isn t reaching out.It is a strategy that shows up elsewhere in his campaign, where instead of following the model of successful politicians like George W. Bush and President Obama by holding campaign rallies in  swing  districts hoping to persuade voters, Trump has rallies with the converted.On election day in 2012, Fox News viewers were shocked to find the Romney  landslide  the network had kept promoting was a harsh reality. They may be setting themselves up for a major failure.Featured image via Flickr",0
4551, This Sickening Pro-Gun Meme Is Quite Possibly The Most Vile Thing On The Internet (IMAGE),"The pro-gun crowd loves guns first, and respect last. At least, that seems to be the case with whoever made a truly horrible meme out of an old black-and-white war photo. The photo depicts troops executing a couple of people in the back as they kneel in front of a mass grave. The troops  are just obeying orders,  and the dead in the mass grave are  citizens obeying gun laws. This is the meme:Image via TwitterWe don t know who created this, but we don t have enough middle fingers to express how we feel about them. The piece of shit behind this is no doubt someone who believes the lie that, had the Jewish citizens of Germany and elsewhere just had guns, the Holocaust wouldn t have happened.The photo in the meme is from the German-occupied Soviet Union, and depicts one of the mobile execution squads known as the Einsatzgr ppen. They were tasked with mass executions of Jews, communists, and anyone else that the Nazis decided weren t suitable to living their empire and master race. Tens of thousands were murdered this way   they are part of the Holocaust.The myth of guns and the Holocaust is so completely and terribly wrong it defies description. Yes, the Nazis seized guns from their enemies, however, they actually didn t make much of a dent in total gun circulation in Germany, contrary to what the gun-rights crowd wants us to believe.Furthermore, the Nazis actually loosened gun laws in 1938 for everyone except Jews. People who have a basic understanding of Nazi Germany know that the Nazis targeted more groups than Jews, and they know that more people than Jews opposed the Nazis however quietly they had to.Why didn t those people, who could own guns, rise up? It s because of the power of a police state   the very thing the  moar gunz  crowd fears the most.Therefore, the cretin who came up with this meme can rightfully be termed as having no clue what they are talking about. But worse than that, they have no problem whatsoever with using the horror of the Holocaust to further their  all guns all the time  agenda. That is just abominable, and has no place in any discourse at all. Here s why: This historical second-guessing is deeply offensive to Jews, Holocaust survivors and those who valiantly fought against Hitler during World War II. It is, in fact, as many historians have previously noted, a distortion of history itself When you manipulate the history of the Holocaust and use it to score political points, its wholly inappropriate and offensive. Especially for the sake of the victims of the Nazi onslaught and their memory, it must stop. That s from Jonathan Greenblatt, the national director of the Anti-Defamation League. He was speaking against Ben Carson s painfully offensive assertion that the Nazis had disarmed everyone so they could kill Jews with impunity, but it s just not true. And it s an serious affront to every single victim of the Nazis, as well as everyone who fought them.This meme s creator ought to go back to the depths of the hellish abyss that first spat him out.Featured image via screen capture from Twitter",0
4552, Paul Ryan’s New Economic Plan Is Just Gawd Awful (VIDEO),"While the media is focused on the horserace that will help determine politics for the next eight years, they re pretty much ignoring the fact that Washington is still in business and Republicans are busy being Republicans, which is to say that the rich will be getting richer while everyone else will be getting poorer.Ryan, who s not sure he can back Donald Trump, likely because Trump dares say the things that Republicans generally say behind closed doors, has released a new domestic plan, called,  A Better Way.  Ryan calls it his antidote to anger and division. The only problem is that if anyone pays attention to the plan, they will be angry at how he divides Americans into tax brackets, and as usual, the top tax brackets win.His plan includes a lot of Republican staples, like more military, less regulation, repealing Obamacare and deep cuts for poor people. In other words, same old cold-hearted Ayn Rand  I got mine, now f*** you  GOP themes. Perhaps the worst part, though, is the tax plan. There are a lot of tax cuts (mostly at the cost to poor people) and nearly all of those   99.6 percent   go to the top one percent.A typical Republican tax cut will give about 40 percent of its tax cuts to the richest one percent. Ryan s plan, according to a new analysis by the Tax Policy Center, will give three-quarters of its tax cuts to the richest one percent in the first year. And that s only because the cuts are slowly phased in. By 2025, the highest-earning one percent will enjoy 99.6 percent of the tax cuts. The remaining 0.4 percent will be divided up among the other 99 percent of the country. The new Paul Ryan tax cuts make the Bush tax cuts look like socialism.Source: NY MagazineHere s the video:While Ryan likes to separate himself from Donald Trump, his plan proves his policies are no less racist and classist than the worst Trump can imagine. He s just hoping we won t notice.Featured image via Mark Wilson/Getty Images.",0
4553, Inmate Dead From Alleged Mistreatment In Jail Run By Infamous Pro-Trump Sheriff,"Milwaukee Sheriff David A. Clarke Jr. has been a fixture on Fox News in recent months, appearing on multiple programs on that network to attack the Black Lives Matter movement, which he has compared several times to international terrorists.Clarke has also been an outspoken supporter of Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump, and is often one of the first names Trump backers bring up when attempting to highlight support for the candidate among black voters. Clarke spoke in support of Trump at the Republican National Convention in Cleveland this past summer.But while he was busy on the cable network attacking the black community, a man died in the jail under his command. He reportedly died of thirst, of all things.Terrill Thomas, 38, was found dead in a Milwaukee County Jail cell on April 24, nine days after being arrested in connection with a shooting. Other inmates heard Thomas beg for water in the days before he died, the Journal Sentinel reported in July.[ ]Last week the Milwaukee County medical examiner announced that Thomas  death was due to profound dehydration, according to the Journal Sentinel. By labeling the death a homicide, the medical examiner indicated that it was caused by the actions of another person, although that judgment does not necessarily mean that anyone will be criminally prosecuted in the case.Inmates at the jail say the water in Thomas  jail cell had been cut off for 6 days, and that one inmate warned jailers about the danger to the man s life. Attorney Erik J. Heipt told the site that he has received calls from other inmates to tell him that the water had been cut off to their cells, and another inmate died in 2011 when his water was cut off as well.Clarke is reportedly part of a pro-Trump bus tour arranged by a super PAC that is supporting the candidate.The Huffington Post also reports that Clarke took in over $150,000 in 2015 from  speaking fees, travel reimbursements and gifts. Featured image via Flickr",0
4554, Trump’s Latest Campaign Promise May Be His Most Horrible One Yet,"Donald Trump is, well, deplorable. He s suggested building a wall to keep invading hordes of brown-skinned  rapists  and  drug dealers  from charging into the country, gotten on board with creating a national registry for Muslims like Hitler did with the Jews, forcing said Muslims to wear special identification badges, and even rounding them up into modern-day concentration camps as a  temporary measure.  He s even suggested outright murdering the families of terrorists abroad: The other thing with the terrorists is you have to take out their families, when you get these terrorists, you have to take out their families. They care about their lives, don t kid yourself. When they say they don t care about their lives, you have to take out their families. But he s not satisfied with slaughtering innocents to get to terrorists overseas, He also wants to bring that idea home. In a statement on the bombings in New York and New Jersey over the weekend, The Donald s Senior Communications Advisor explained that Trump is not fighting terrorism   he s fighting the  narratives  of Barack Obama and Hillary Clinton. And Trump s  narrative  is  kill them all :Last weekend s attacks, which are just the latest to be carried out on U.S. soil on President Obama s watch, should be a wakeup call for every American. It is highly disturbing and entirely unacceptable that 858 immigrants from dangerous countries have slipped into our country and been granted full U.S. citizenship because of the failed policies supported by President Obama and Hillary Clinton. Even worse, Clinton must explain her reckless support for a 550% increase in Syrian refugees and her push for an all-out open border policy, which will put even more Americans at risk. The threat from radical Islamic terrorism has only grown under Obama and Clinton, and ISIS has greatly expanded the number of countries where it is fully operational. Our enemies neither fear nor respect Hillary Clinton, and as a nation, that is dangerous, and it is disgraceful. Mr. Trump will bring an end to these attacks, because unlike Obama and Clinton, he believes we re in more than a fight about  narratives    these terrorists pose an existential threat to our country and our values and they must be destroyed before they can harm any more of our citizens.Pay attention to that last bit:  They must be destroyed before they can harm any more of our citizens. Now, we already know that the problem according to the GOP presidential nominee is  radical Islamic terrorism,  and that Trump has (numerous times) blamed Muslims in general for any attacks he could. Exactly how selective do you think he will be in eliminating  terrorists? They re protecting each other, but they re really doing very bad damage they have to open up to society and report the bad ones,  Trump said in March.  When they see trouble, they have to report it. They are absolutely not reporting it, and that s a big problem. If Muslims are  protecting  terrorists, are they not terrorists in Trump s eyes? How many days in his presidency would pass before anyone who follows Islam was rounded up? Would there be mass exterminations? Trump has already suggested slaughtering terrorists  families. How would he define terrorism?These are all questions it is unlikely that Mr. Trump will answer for himself   but remember he is exactly the sort of person who, with a wink and a nod, suggests disarming his political opponents  security to  see what happens  to them (shortly after suggesting that  Second Amendment People  could deal with them. We re dealing with an unstable, constantly suspicious person whose first instinct in conflict is to push the  little red button  that launches our nuclear arsenal.It s also important to remember that the attacks in New York and New Jersey were committed by an American citizen   one with Constitutional rights, no matter how much someone wants to call for blood. This, of course, matters not to The Donald.Normally, suggesting that a candidate will bring back concentration camps and murder civilians is hyperbole. But not with Trump. He s said it himself. Many times.If we allow this alleged human, this Oompa Loompa who has escaped from the chocolate factory to wreak havoc on our nation   to assume office, it will not end well. Be sure to vote in November if it s the last thing you do. If Trump wins, it may be.Featured image via Getty Images/Joe Raedle",0
4555, Trump Is Crushing An Int’l Tradition That Even Worldwide Hatred Of George W. Couldn’t Dent,"The whole world is talking about Donald Trump, over which he is no doubt preening because any attention is good attention as long as it s focused entirely on him. But besides the obvious problems with this, there s one tradition that s very important among international leaders and diplomats. Trump is getting dangerously close to destroying it.The tradition is this: You don t trash-talk a foreign country s political candidates.That might seem silly. It might seem trivial. It s not. This is a very old tradition that was actually turned into policy at the 1961 Vienna Convention. While different countries interpret  Thou shalt not interfere in foreign countries  elections  differently, most are careful to keep their mouths shut, at least publicly. Even in 2004, when the whole world hated George W. Bush for the fiasco that was Iraq, foreign diplomats and leaders mostly kept quiet.Not so now. Trump is testing everyone s patience, and many find that they just can t keep it to themselves: If you represent one of these countries that has been insulted or attacked, you tend to react. We are very passionate, and our blood is pretty hot. But we have to play it cool and understand that this is a campaign, and an election, and that we are diplomats. This week, thousands of foreign diplomats are gathering in New York City for the U.N. General Assembly. Trump has insulted a great many of them in one way or another. What the Latin-American diplomat said to Politico is true around the world: Adding to the complications is that U.S. elections are increasingly followed intensely by people overseas, whether it s via Facebook or CNN International. So when a U.S. presidential candidate slams a foreign country as Trump has so often (with Mexico, Japan, China, members of NATO, and on and on) representatives of those countries feel unusual domestic pressure to respond. Wars of words could easily escalate into more serious wars with Trump. He s proven that with his threats against both Ted Cruz and John Kasich for the 2018 midterms   he can t let a slight go.As another example of how he goes after everyone who pisses him off: He s busy trash-talking a Scottish whiskey company for daring to give an award to a neighbor of his who criticizes his golf course. In retaliation, he s banned every brand of whiskey from William Grant & Sons for that affront, because really, how dare they?He should have more important things to worry about than petty personal slights, but they re actually the centerpiece of his whole existence. When foreign leaders won t play ball his way, and go on record with nothing but what he thinks are insults, what s he going to do? Two guesses what he ll do, but you ll only need one.He hasn t even been elected yet and foreign leaders and diplomats are openly attacking him. Some of these people probably held their tongues when George W. was running for re-election, however hard that might have been. This would be hilarious if it wasn t so frightening.Featured image by Joe Raedle/Getty Images",0
4556, Robert Reich Just Ruined A Trump Supporter’s Week With Facts,"You ve got to love Robert Reich. The former Secretary of Labor under future First Lady and former President Bill Clinton met a Trump supporter at a coffee shop and couldn t resist stopping for a moment to ruin the poor guy s week by introducing him to a concept that is foreign to him: facts. I finally found a Trump supporter   this morning when I went to buy coffee. (I noticed a Trump bumper sticker on his car.),  Reich writes in a Facebook post that has gone viral since he posted it Monday morning. Then he completely dismantled Trump   politely   before the guy s very eyes: Hi,  I said.  Noticed your Trump bumper sticker. Yup,  he said, a bit defensively. I hope you don t mind my asking, but I m curious. Why are you supporting him? I know he s a little bit much,  said the Trump supporter.  But he s a successful businessman. And we need a successful businessman as president. How do you know he s a successful businessman?  I asked. Because he s made a fortune. Has he really?  I asked. Of course. Forbes magazine says he s worth four and a half billion. That doesn t mean he s been a success,  I said. In my book it does,  said the Trump supporter. You know, in 1976, when Trump was just starting his career, he said he was worth about $200 million,  I said.  Most of that was from his father. That just proves my point,  said the Trump supporter.  He turned that $200 million into four and a half billion. Brilliant man. But if he had just put that $200 million into an index fund and reinvested the dividends, he d be worth twelve billion today,  I said.The Trump supporter went silent. And he got about $850 million in tax subsidies, just in New York alone,  I said.More silence. He s not a businessman, Reich concluded.  He s a con man.  Hope you enjoy your coffee. While it s unlikely that Reich managed to change the Trump fan s mind   or even reach him on a level that matters   he surely left the guy steaming more than a freshly-brewed cup of go-go- juice. Oh, to be a fly on the wall during that conversation!Featured image via Getty Images (Win McNamee)/screengrab",0
4557, Trump Gets ANNIHILATED On Twitter After He Pretends He Didn’t Just Trash Police Officers (TWEETS),"On Monday, Donald Trump fulfilled his duty as a presidential candidate by praising law enforcement for catching Ahmad Khan Rahami, who was responsible for the Saturday bombing in New York City.TwitterThis would have normally been a nice gesture, if it hadn t been a contradiction of something Trump had said just a few minutes before. Fortunately, whenever Trump flip-flops or lies, Americans are able to instantly respond and call him out on his bullsh*t via social media   and they didn t hesitate to remind Trump that just a few minutes before he congratulated law enforcement for Rahami s capture, he d dissed the NYPD for allowing  political correctness  to interfere with catching terrorists. Among the first to point this out was MSNBC s Christopher Hayes, who tweeted: Twitter Hayes was referring to a disrespectful comment Trump had made on Fox and Friends shortly before he congratulated the police officers, in which he said: You know, our police are amazing, our local police. They know who a lot of these people are, they are afraid to do anything about it, because they don t want to be accused of profiling, and they don t want to be accused of all sorts of things. Yup   Trump had accused the NYPD of being cowards and knowing who terrorists are, yet he has the nerve to congratulate them in almost the same time frame. Other people recognized this epic fail as well, and blasted the Republican nominee for being so untrustworthy and two-faced:TwitterTwitterTwitterTwitterThis tweet was particularly funny, and I m sure there will be some backlash for Trump to deal with:TwitterThroughout his presidential campaign, Trump has defended law enforcement far more fiercely than African American police brutality victims to help paint the picture that he is a  law and order  candidate. But thanks to his asinine comments about law enforcement having blood on their hands by assisting terrorists, Trump has probably just ruined a year of pro-law enforcement campaigning.Featured image via Spencer Platt / Getty Images",0
4558, NRA’s Ted Nugent Unleashes Disgusting Attack On ‘Pathetic’ Unarmed Mass-Stabbing Victims (SCREENSHOTS),"NRA board member, draft-dodger, pedophile, and all-around terrible person Ted Nugent has a message for those  embarrassing  and  pathetic  victims of a recent mass-stabbing at a Minnesota mall   and it s one that no decent person would even consider.On September 17, an attacker apparently affiliated with ISIS stabbed nine people at a mall in St. Cloud, Minnetota. He was eventually fatally shot by an off-duty police officer. Fortunately, the victims  injuries were not life-threatening   something most would celebrate, but Nugent deigns it appropriate to simply attack the victims because they didn t bring their guns to a knife-attack.In one of his traditionally hateful Facebook posts, Nugent unleashed on the victims in exactly the manner one would expect from a man who assumed legal custody of a 17-year-old girl so he could have sex with her. Calling the victims  sad soulless & embarrassing,  Nugent mocked them for being  so pathetic  and  helpless,  remarking that  apparently most Americans like being victims :Previously, Nugent has attacked  losers  who don t carry guns after the mass shooting at Umpqua community College in Oregon last year, blaming them for being victims because they choose not to carry a security blanket firearm around. Nugent falsely claimed that students were not allowed to carry guns on campus because of laws and regulations, but Newsweek reported at the time that the campus was not a  gun-free zone  and that it was  common knowledge  many students were armed. Disarmed and helpless is an irresponsible, suicidal choice that will get you killed,  Nugent disgustingly concluded.  Defend yourself. Victim-blaming is a hallmark of the Right   something we can expect to see more and more of if Donald Trump is elected in November. Get out there and do something about it.Featured image via Getty Images(Randy Snyder)/screengrab",0
4559, Trump Just Blamed Bombings On ‘Freedom Of The Press’ (VIDEO),"Donald Trump appeared on Fox & Friends Monday morning and blamed the weekend attacks in New Jersey and New York City on refugees, a lack of profiling by law enforcement, and the First Amendment. Conservatives always go right past that First Amendment and only abide by the Second.Trump took aim at refugees; however, bombing suspect Ahmad Khan Rahami, 28, is a naturalized citizen.A Fox & Friends host asked Trump what he would do to stop  people who are radicalized here. Trump responded to that by saying  freedom of the press  was to blame. They re all talking about it so wonderfully because, you know, it s called  freedom of the press,  where you buy magazines and they tell you how to make these same bombs that I saw,  Trump said.  They tell you how to make bombs. We should arrest the people that do that because they re participating in crime. Instead they say  oh no you can t do anything, that s freedom of expression. The websites are the same thing, those people should be arrested. They re inciting violence, okay?  he continued.  They re making violence possible. They should be arrested immediately yet we don t want to touch them because of freedom of speech. Watch at around the 21 minute mark:[youtube https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3GTRabASaY8]However, incitement is already an exception to the First Amendment.Think Progress reports:It s a high bar to prove for which Trump may have reason to be personally grateful. Under a laxer rule, it s possible that Trump could be charged for incitement himself. In August, his statement that  Second Amendment people  could be able to do something about Hillary Clinton was met with widespread condemnation as a veiled assassination threat. On Friday, he called for Clinton s bodyguards to  disarm immediately,  adding  let s see what happens to her. Donald has attacked Freedom of the Press many times. Most recently, his campaign had a VICE reporter arrested. The GOP presidential nominee has gone as far as to defend Vladimir Putin for killing journalists.Trump said of Putin after being confronted by Joe Scarborough over the Russian leader s bloody history with journalists,  He s running his country, and at least he s a leader. Unlike what he have in this country. Freedom of the Press is part of our Constitution. It s not up for debate, unless Melania Trump feels like suing bloggers for quoting from a source.But if you ask Donald Trump Jr., he ll tell you that political correctness is to blame for terrorist attacks.Ironically, Junior s pinned tweet reads,  Liberals love the first amendment until you say something they don t agree with. He really should change that.Featured image via Brian Blanco via Getty.",0
4560, Seth MacFarlane Just Told Johnson And Stein Supporters EXACTLY What They Need To Hear (TWEET),"In a perfect democracy, there would be multiple viable parties to choose candidates from. Each one would have to work hard and strive for our vote, and each one would have an equal chance at winning. Unfortunately, because of the way election laws and funding are currently in the United States, we re pretty much stuck with a two-party system and any third-party vote goes to help one of the two major parties.Think Ralph Nader in 2000 and how his votes in Florida gave us George W. Bush. Well, Nader and the Supreme Court.It s imperfect, but until laws are changed, it is what it is. No amount of whining or sitting elections out is going to change that. What we need are legislators willing to change the laws, but that s never going to happen if people keep having hissy fits.This year s election is so critical not just for the nation, but the entire world. A Donald Trump presidency would be catastrophic on so many levels, both with domestic and foreign policy.Reminding everyone how important this election is, and how a third-party vote will give us a President Trump, is none other than the legendary writer/producer and creator of Family Guy, Seth MacFarlane.MacFarlane tweeted: Remember: This November you can help elect President Donald Trump just by voting for Gary Johnson or Jill Stein! Happy Election Year! Remember: This November you can help elect President Donald Trump just by voting for Gary Johnson or Jill Stein! Happy Election Year!  Seth MacFarlane (@SethMacFarlane) September 19, 2016His sarcasm is more a terrifying wake-up call than just witty banter on the Twitter machine.Does this mean you shouldn t vote for Stein or Johnson? No, of course not. However, it needs to be brought to people s attention that their vote for a third party isn t actually going to put their candidate into office, but rather have the possibility of ushering in the apocalypse with Trump.A  conscience vote  does not do anyone any good with a Fascist in the White House, and it goes much deeper than just feeling good about yourself on election day.So, do what you do. That s your freedom to do so, but remember the unintended consequences of that vote and what will be in store for the entire world.Featured Photo by Kevin Winter/Getty Images",0
4561, Proof The Mainstream Media Is Manipulating The Election By Taking Bill Clinton Out Of Context,"I woke up this morning to find a variation of this headline splashed all over my news feed:Here s Google:Naturally, my reaction was  oh, s**t, what did Bill Clinton do to damage his wife s campaign now? Of course, the headline sounds really, really awful. It plays right into the idea that the Clinton Foundation is all about pay to play, just like Donald Trump has been saying all along. Unfortunately, it takes reading beyond the headlines, which is something most people don t do, to find out the real story   and the real story is that there is no pay to play. It was natural for people who ve been our political allies and personal friends to call and ask for things. And I trusted the State Department wouldn t do anything they shouldn t do,  Clinton told NPR in an interview that aired Monday morning. Source: CNNIn other words, people can ask for favors, but that certainly doesn t mean they ll get them. Leaked emails have shown that some Clinton Foundation donors have gotten meetings with Clinton and that others were turned down. There is zero evidence of pay to play. In other words, people might have asked for favors, but there s no evidence they got them.Now, let s talk about the foundation the media doesn t like to mention, the Trump Foundation. Trump hasn t given to his own foundation since 2008. He does collect money from others, though, and gives it in his name. He also takes from the charity and allegedly buys things like oil paintings and football helmets, all for himself, but out of charity money.New York Attorney General Eric Schneiderman said in a September 13 CNN interview that his office is investigating Trump s charitable foundation over concerns that it  engaged in some impropriety  as related to New York charity laws. The investigation launched amid reports from The Washington Post that Trump spent money from his charity on items meant to benefit himself, such as a $20,000 oil painting of himself and a $12,000 autographed football helmet, and also recycled others  contributions  to make them appear to have come from him  although he  hasn t given to the foundation since 2008. Source: Media MattersMedia Matters goes on to talk about the double standard and about how clearly the mainstream media is trying to promote Trump at the cost of Clinton s candidacy:Journalists have been criticized for the  double standard  in the ways they cover Trump and Democratic presidential nominee Hillary Clinton. Earlier this month, cable news programs devoted 13 times more coverage to Clinton s pneumonia diagnosis as The Washington Post s reporting about the Trump Foundation. This week, both the Trump Foundation and Trump Organization stories were given short shrift by the broadcast news programs in favor of coverage of Donald Trump s Dr. Oz stunt.All of this biased coverage is hurting Clinton and helping Trump. Trump has seen major gains over the last few weeks, largely because the media covers every minor Clinton  scandal  (if you call getting sick a  scandal ) while ignoring every scandal in Trump s closet, and trust me, there are a lot.Featured image via Ethan Miller/Getty Images.",0
4562, WATCH: Fox News Gets OWNED By Police Chief For Demonizing Immigrants In Minnesota,"The hosts of Fox & Friends were hoping a Minnesota police chief would vilify the Somali immigrants in his community and they promptly got their asses handed to them.On Saturday, 22-year-old Dahir A. Adan went on a stabbing spree inside a Minnesota mall. The Somali community in St. Cloud has roundly condemned the act of terrorism, but Republican nominee Donald Trump spewed fear and hate in response during a phone call with Fox and called the immigrants a  Trojan horse  and a  cancer from within  that benefits ISIS.Fox host Steve Doocy, who was named in Gretchen Carlson s sexual harassment lawsuit against the conservative network, asked St. Cloud Police Chief William Blair Anderson if he agrees with Trump s assessment of immigrants, clearly hoping that Anderson would join in demonizing them.Instead, Anderson swatted Doocy down like the pest he is and made it clear that there are bad apples in every group and that we should unite rather than divide and hate. My job is public safety. It s not in immigration policy. I can tell you that the vast majority of all of our citizens, no matter their ethnicity, are fine, hard-working people, and now is not the time for us to be divisive. We already have a very cohesive community, and I expect that this will draw us even closer together. But at the end of the day, our job is public safety, period. Anderson then explained that law enforcement works well with all members of the community to protect the public the best they can. We actually work very well not just with our East African community, but all of our community. We meet regularly with any number of people, whether they are advocates for a specific ethnicity or different cause. It s one of things that makes St. Cloud a wonderful place to live, and I know that might sound corny, but it s the truth. We have established and maintained a very good rapport with our East African community and our community at large. Doocy then tucked his tail between his legs and ended the interview because he didn t get the response he wanted.Here s the video via Media Matters:Demonizing an entire community simply because of the actions of a few only ostracizes them and could cause more to radicalize. That s why we should reach out to these immigrants instead of hating them.Fox News is irresponsibly pushing an  us versus them  mentality that only creates a never-ending circle of hate and mistrust that hurts our country in the long-term. But let s also remember that ISIS would not exist to recruit people in America in the first place had Republicans not pursued an unnecessary war in Iraq that created the power vacuum that allowed ISIS to rise. Furthermore, despite their concerns and their whining, Republicans still refuse to declare war on ISIS to give President Obama the full resources of the United States to fight the terrorist organization.Regardless, any group will have bad apples, even the white  Christians  Fox News caters to. Let s not forget that Timothy McVeigh committed the Oklahoma City bombing in 1995 that killed 168 people while Dylan Roof gunned down nine black people inside a church in 2015. Both acts of domestic terrorism were committed by white males who were born here in the United States. But Fox News would rather freak out about a Somali immigrant who used a knife in an attack in which no one was killed. If Adan were white, not only would this not be referred to as an act of terror, it would have been a mere footnote in the news.Featured Image: Screenshot",0
4563, Chelsea Handler Gets The Last Word After RNC Chair Attacks Hillary For Not Smiling (VIDEO),"There may be a few women out there who enjoy a man telling them to be more joyous in their presence, but as for the rest of us, there s nothing a woman hates more than being told to smile.Do men smile all the time? No. Because if they did, we d think they were crazy and up to something. Same goes for women.Not every situation calls for a smile at all times. Especially when discussing foreign policy and our military. So, when RNC Chair Reince Priebus thought it appropriate to criticize Hillary Clinton for not smiling enough during the NBC forum hosted by Matt Lauer, it didn t exactly go over well.One person who definitely had a lot to say about Priebus and his request of a smile from Hillary was none other than Chelsea Handler on her hit Netflix show Chelsea.Chelsea began by asking Priebus: Who the f*ck are you to tell someone to smile? Adding: This is just another example of how men feel the can belittle every woman in the world and order up a smile. Chelsea then said: Stop telling women to smile. We don t like that. It s not an icebreaker, it s a deal breaker. Going for Priebus  jugular, Chelsea absolutely destroys him and his ridiculously corny smile, then says: You know when women will smile? When Hillary kicks that pneumonia and trounces Trump in November. And that s exactly right.Watch the full video here:Featured image via video screen capture",0
4564, Michigan Republicans Strip Flint Of Their Power To Sue The State Over Poisoned Water,"The city of Flint, Michigan is suffering through a horrible man-made disaster that could have been easily prevented if state Republicans hadn t been so careless.After placing Flint under state control, officials chose to save money by switching the city s drinking water from Lake Huron to the Flint River, which has not been the drinking water source for decades because it was poisoned and considered unsafe for human consumption.As a result, the city has been devastated by lead poisoning, which will have terrible consequences for years to come for the children who ingested the tainted water.Understandably, Flint is mad as hell so they decided to take the state to court. But because Michigan Republicans and Governor Rick Snyder are rats who hate democracy and justice, they shut down any potential lawsuit by stripping Flint of the power to sue.According to the Detroit Free Press:Though Flint has not been under a state-appointed emergency manager since April 2015, the state still exerts partial control over the city through a five-member Receivership Transition Advisory Board, whose members are appointed by Gov. Rick Snyder.The board moved quickly to change the rules under which Flint is governed so that the city cannot file a lawsuit without first getting approval from that state-appointed board.This is absolutely outrageous. It s like a woman having to get permission to file a lawsuit from the company whose CEO raped her.Michigan Republicans should not have the power to take away anyone s right to seek redress through the court system. It sounds like they are just scared that they will lose the case. And frankly, they should be.After all, it was their decisions that led to Flint being poisoned with tainted water and the cover-up that followed. The city of Flint absolutely should be able to sue the state in open court. But Republicans took that power away from Flint, and you can be damn sure that they would love to do that in every city across all fifty states if they have their way.Featured image via Mark Wilson/Getty Images",0
4565, John Kasich Tells GOP Chair Reince Priebus To Go F*ck Himself,"Reince Priebus openly threatened Kasich and other Republicans that they better blindly support Donald Trump or face the end of their careers. John Kasich doesn t give a shit about Priebus  pathetic threats.On Sunday, the GOP Chair suggested that Republicans who don t fall in line behind Trump could be severely punished in their endeavors to seek election or re-election. Those people need to get on board,  Priebus told Face The Nation: And if they re thinking they re going to run again someday, I think that we re going to evaluate the process   of the nomination process and I don t think it s going to be that easy for them. In order to be on the ballot in South Carolina, you actually have to pledge your support to the nominee, no matter who that person is. So what s the penalty for that? It s not a threat, but that s just the question that we have a process in place. Kasich has repeatedly refused to endorse Donald Trump and did not take kindly to Priebus  threat, issuing a brutal response through his spokesman John Weaver. Thankfully, there are still leaders in this country who put principles before politics. The idea of a greater purpose beyond oneself may be alien to political party bosses like Reince Priebus, but it is at the center of everything Governor Kasich does The Governor is traveling the nation supporting down ballot Republicans and preventing a potential national wipeout from occurring on Reince s watch. Weaver also added that Priebus should be thanking Kasich.So the next time John Kasich seeks re-election or high office it s going to be interesting to watch how Priebus responds. Will he follow through on his threat or will he do an about-face and all of a sudden support Kasich?Threatening someone with political ruin just because they don t support the terrible choice of nominee your party made sounds more like what dictators or fascists do. It s definitely not the hallmark of a party that supposedly supports our democracy. Because by trying to force Republicans to vote a certain way, they are undermining democracy and all the values this country was founded upon.If anyone deserves political backlash, it s Reince Priebus. He created a political atmosphere so toxic that they now have Trump as their leader. The Republicans standing against Trump are the sane ones.Featured image via Mark Wilson/Getty Images",0
4566, Montel Williams DESTROYS Pro-Trump Pastor In INSANE Twitter Fight (TWEETS),"Montel Williams isn t afraid to express his absolute disgust and disdain for Republican nominee Donald Trump   he s made it perfectly clear in the past that he would never support or vote for him, and continuously speaks out against the business mogul.That s why there was nothing unusual about what Williams did over the weekend, when the radio talk show host called out one of Trump s biggest supporters   Pastor Mark Burns. When Williams saw Burns complaining about the media s hesitance to call the weekend explosions in New York City a terror attack, he couldn t just let it slide.TwitterBurns was merely echoing what Trump himself had said, when the GOP presidential candidate jumped to conclusions and immediately called the explosion a  bomb  even before officials could investigate or confirm it. Fed up with the baseless fear mongering the Trump campaign has been become infamous for doing, Williams flat-out told Burns he d had  enough of your crap. TwitterLittle did Burns know when he responded to Williams, that he d just started a Twitter fight that he had no chance of winning:TwitterWilliams was not going to back down, and as the day continued the men continued to take shots at each other, with Williams continuously calling the Trump-loving pastor out for falsifying details of his past and stating that Burns was not even a real pastor.  What resulted was a seemingly never-ending stream of back and forth tweets, in which Burns was clearly on the losing side:TwitterTwitterTwitterTwitterTwitterTwitterTwitterTwitterTwitterTwitterTwitterTwitterWilliams had ripped Burns a new one and exposed all of his flaws for all of social media to see. Several hours later, Williams ended his feud with Burns on a high note, reminding his followers that Burns had gotten himself into this mess:TwitterTwitterFeatured image via screenshots",0
4567, Dear Trump: ISIS Is NOT A Football Game,"When Donald Trump talks about America, he often talks about how we don t  win anymore.  We don t win on manufacturing. We don t win on trade. We don t win on economics. We don t win against ISIS. It s that last point I wish to address, because Trump said at a recent rally: Our military can t beat ISIS. Can you imagine the great General Douglas MacArthur or the great General George Patton saying we can t beat ISIS. Patton would rip your heart out if you ever said that. We can t beat   right? Can you imagine that though? Can you imagine what   they re spinning right now. They re watching. They re spinning in their grave. You, Donnie Trump, go on, and speak like MacArthur and Patton talk to you. You sound like you ve assured them you can win here, and you ll do them proud. Is that how you see it, Donnie?You re ignoring an awful lot there, Donnie. Neither MacArthur nor Patton behaved the way you do. They were tacticians, not juggernauts who rolled to victory in every single engagement. They knew when to steamroll, and when to pull back and regroup. In your crusade against anything that even remotely looks like weakness, you ve taught your dense and idiotic followers that winning against ISIS is as simple as a football game.Simply act like we can win, and we ll win.I m sure that our dear Mr. Trump does not see anything wrong with talking this way. After all, nothing he ever does is wrong. Period. End of. However, the problem is not how he sees it. The problem is the message he s putting forth. He s treating war, and terrorism, like they re football games. If we just think positively, believe we can win, and stop acting like we can t beat ISIS, we ll beat them handily.That s not true.Generals Patton and MacArthur were so successful in part because they were realistic. There were massive failures during WWII. We did not ride in on this white horse to save the day. However, Donnie disgustingly buys into that very narrative.We didn t.MacArthur was already in the Philippines when Japan attacked Pearl Harbor. In the ensuing months, he suffered grievous defeats. He actually ordered a withdrawal to Australia to regroup. He was human. His troops were human. Japan was a juggernaut at the time, and we couldn t beat them with brute force.What do you think of that, Donnie? MacArthur actually ordered a retreat. Isn t that giving up? Isn t that what you re railing against? MacArthur is remembered as great because of things like this. Not in spite of them, and definitely not because they didn t happen.Then there s Patton. He does seem to have been more the style that you see in your head. For instance, he s reported to have said: We shall attack and attack until we are exhausted, and then we shall attack again. Yet he was surrounded by controversy over his leadership methods. Congress and the military actually demanded his removal from command after he slapped a soldier who was suffering from battle fatigue. There were other such incidents, too, but his qualifications are what kept him in the field. He might have stormed through battle zones like Bastogne (do you even know which battle that was, Donnie?), ending them, but he was far from perfect.Donnie, all you do is talk about winning and losing, and yet, nobody has ever conceded defeat to ISIS. Nobody in U.S. leadership has said,  We can t beat ISIS.  Not our president, not our current commanders. A coach telling his football team  We can t do this,  hands the game to the other team. Our military doesn t operate like that, however. It never has. It operates with the understanding that there will be defeats. Learning from those defeats is key to beating ISIS   something you would know if you weren t such a conceited bastard.On the ground, unit commanders, all the way down to squad leaders, will give pep talks. Yes, that is normal, and you and I both know it. However, those who are guiding the entire war have to be realistic, or they will end up losing it, and they know it.It s not a football game.ISIS is not WWII, and it s definitely not a game, Donnie. Your treating it as such doesn t just show astonishing arrogance, but it also shows that you re wholly unqualified to be the Commander in Chief of the U.S. military. You will never be able to understand how anything works as long as you keep treating everything as winning versus losing.As though it s a goddamn football game. It s not. Featured image by Joe Raedle/Getty Images",0
4568," Trump Retweets Article That Destroyed Him, And He Was Too Dumb To Know It","Donald Trump is perhaps the most predictable person who s ever run for president. If someone disses him, they are enemies for life, and if someone says something positive about the self-proclaimed (we won t believe it unless he releases his tax returns) billionaire, brutal dictator or not, they will have Trump s loyalty and respect.Now, things get a little weird when people are sarcastic, as is the case with a Washington Post article that, if you didn t read it, might be something somewhat positive about the GOP nominee. Trump obviously didn t read the article. He would have hated it, but he did retweet the article entitled  Donald Trump s birther event is the greatest trick he s ever pulled : Donald Trump s birther event is the greatest trick he s ever pulled https://t.co/zvVQnxeiQ9  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) September 17, 2016Most of us, at least those of us who are capable of critical thought, would probably not assume that the article was a positive portrayal of Trump s birther farce, but, well, we re talking about Trump. As for the article, no, it was pretty brutal toward Trump. Here are a few snippets:Donald Trump is, at heart, a showman. He rose to national fame thanks to star turns on reality TV in which he played the tough-talking boss to a group of aspirants hoping to become as successful as he has been in business. His great gift is the ability to draw attention   and then use that attention for his own, usually commercial, purposes.Trump might have read that far. He s proud of being a showman and he s pretty damned good at it, in much the same way that snake oil salesmen were good at their jobs.Trump may have outdone himself on Friday morning. He and his campaign touted a  major  announcement at his newly opened hotel in Washington, D.C., at 10 a.m. The word was that Trump would walk away from his past skepticism about President Obama s citizenship while also laying the blame for the birther movement at the feet of Hillary Clinton. (That, of course, isn t true   according to numerous fact-checkers   but no matter: Trump planned to say it anyway.)The article goes on to fact check some of Trump s many lies, especially in regard to the birther controversy. No, Hillary Clinton didn t start it and yes, Donald Trump has long been a birther.The Washington Post then went on to describe the event, and it wasn t flattering. This is how they described Trump s announcement:Three sentences from Trump himself   one that is totally false and two others that represent a total reversal from a position he held as recently as, well, Thursday night.Clearly, Trump didn t read the article, which is a little frightening. Presidents are given several pages, if not hundreds, of important documents ever single day. It s critical that our President read and not just assume and retweet.Featured image via Joe Raedle/Getty Images",0
4569," A Dallas Cop Just Filed Suit Against Obama, Hillary, Black Lives Matter For Really Bizarre Conspiracy","A Dallas police officer, seeing red after several shootings of police officers, has decided he s had enough and he and his lawyer, are going to punish everyone they absolutely can for allegedly conspiring to create a race war. Yes, this is the same  race war  that the entire right sees whenever people call attention to the racism that permeates our justice system.Police Sergeant Demetrick Pennie, a 17-year veteran of the Dallas police force, is suing leaders of the Black Lives Matter movement   along with the Rev. Al Sharpton, billionaire George Soros, Louis Farrakhan, former Attorney General Eric Holder, President Obama, Hillary Clinton, and many more. The bizarre part is that he and his attorney, right-wing nut Larry Klayman, actually see an active conspiracy here: This is a civil action for the deprivation of Plaintiffs and other members of the class herein of their civil rights, conspiracy against the Plaintiffs and other members of the class herein civil rights and obstruction of justice to prevent the enforcement of civil rights. The complaint also says this: Klayman received a call from Defendant New Black Panther Party and Black Lives Matter acting in concert with the other Defendants, all of whom are working together to ignite and continue the race war they have fomented, threatening to kill him and his family.  [emphasis mine]In discussing the July 7 murders of Dallas police officers, the lawsuit states that the shooting suspect claimed he was acting alone, and was not affiliated with Black Lives Matter or anything else. An investigation into his background allegedly revealed that he was a member of the Nation of Islam and the New Black Panther Party.Apparently, that s enough to tie him and these groups directly to Hillary, Obama, Holder, and everyone else, although it s hard to see how Klayman and Pennie actually know there s a conspiracy here.It s like they just know   the complaint repeatedly states something along these lines: Defendants, acting in concert, and each and every one of them are inciting the imminent serious bodily injury and killing of police officers and other law enforcement persons Acting in concert  means there s a knowing cooperation between two or more people to accomplish something. There s no real, concrete evidence that anybody is actively working with anyone else to incite violence against police officers. Yet, they keep using that phrase. We do not think it means what they think it means. Either that, or a frightening amount of paranoia fueled this. Or both.It s probably both.The complaint also accuses everyone of spreading the fiction that police officers  are intentionally and systematically targeting and hunting blacks and other minorities to kill them for no reason other than racism or sport.  Exaggerate much, Klayman? Lords, gods and minor deities, it s amazing these conclusions are in an actual complaint filed in an actual court.Other known problems, such as arresting or shooting black people not guilty of any crimes, and that minorities are arrested and prosecuted disproportionately to the general population, are fiction on the planet from whence this complaint arose, too.Klayman, however, has been looking for a reason to file a suit like this for some time. Back in July, he threatened to sue Obama, Farrakhan, Sharpton and Black Lives Matter for putting his life in danger  as a white person.  At the time, he said things like this: It is no wonder some cops, fearing for their lives in this anti-white, anti-Semitic and anti-Christian environment, sometimes are prone to literally pull the trigger too quickly. He s not exactly the most credible person here. He has an axe to grind, and it doesn t make Pennie look good for retaining him for this suit (or did Klayman persuade Pennie to finally give him what he needs to make a suit stick? We may never know).The discovery phase of this lawsuit ought to be interesting.The entire 66-page complaint is below:[scribd id=324251965 key=key-2XEsBrU2vkK8S40trOMu mode=scroll]Featured image by Spencer Platt/Getty Images",0
4570, One Of Hillary’s Opponents Could Drop Out And Endorse Her (VIDEO),"Every four years, we re told that the upcoming presidential election is the most important in our lifetimes. While it does seem that every election cycle the consequences become much more serious, this one is particularly notable because, regardless of politics, it s a clear choice between sane and insane.Donald Trump is insane. Obviously, we re not saying that in a clinical way because fortunately, we ve never met him, but he s thin-skinned, narcissistic, a pathological liar and doesn t give a crap about anyone other than himself. Politics aside, those qualities should keep him out of office.While there are a number of third party candidates running this time around, only one third party ticket is on the ballot in all 50 states and Washington, D.C., and that s the Libertarian ticket of Gary Johnson and his vice presidential candidate Bill Weld.Famed Watergate journalist Carl Bernstein believes the Johnson/Weld ticket might not hold up for long, and that Weld could be dropping out of the race to support Hillary Clinton.The Green Party ticket is on the ballot in 40 states and Washington, D.C. The Libertarian ticket is currently polling at 9 percent and the Green Party ticket is polling at 3 percent. Many are saying that the third party tickets are siphoning votes from Hillary Clinton, not Donald Trump and according to Bernstein, Weld might not be able to live with that fact. He has  another day to fight for libertarianism,  according to Bernstein. He also believes that Weld could help bring Millennials into the Democratic fold. Bill Weld does not want to be Ralph Nader,   says Bernstein. Nader, as you recall, ran against Al Gore and George W. Bush in 2000 and many say that Gore would have won if Nader had not been in the race.Bernstein also feels that Weld is spinning his wheels on the Johnson ticket. He called Johnson a  flake,  and said that Weld wants to make a difference and the difference he can make is supporting Clinton.Here s the video:Could Libertarian VP candidate renounce his candidacy?  Bill Weld does not want to be Ralph Nader.    @carlbernstein https://t.co/TzGOzMcM2z  CNN Tonight (@CNNTonight) September 17, 2016Featured image via Justin Sullivan/Getty Images.",0
4571, These Banks Are Fighting The Cycle Of Poverty In Places The Major Banks Won’t Go,"A recent special report by James Trimarco for Yes! Magazine has shined a spotlight on the way that certain banking institutions have perpetuated cycles of poverty and institutionalized economic racism. It also shows how a very specific set of banks are working to smash those systems. These banks are called Community Development Financial Institutions (CDFIs).Traditional banks have only one goal to make a profit. They are also incredibly racist, locking people of color out from being able to access capital. Research from MIT in 2008 found that lack of access to capital is the number one driving factor in racial disparities across a range of economic metrics such as profits and employment.CDFIs are not purely profit motivated, so they can serve areas that traditional banks won t, particularly in rural areas and communities of color.  Trimarco looked at how CDFI s are changing lives in the poorest region in the poorest state in the U.S.   the Mississippi Delta region. He writes: Mississippi has more CDFIs per capita than any other state. Its financial ecosystem is a unique place, where bankers and residents are coming to see one another as allies despite a difficult history. It s a window into what the United States might look like if the government actively recruited banks and credit unions as allies in the fight against poverty. CDFIs trace their roots back to the 19th century, with the establishment of black-owned financial institutions. Throughout more than a century, the idea and mission behind these predecessors have expanded dramatically. One of the biggest changes came with the Riegle Community Development and Regulatory Improvement Act of 1994.This created the CDF Fund. It is used to help fund the now more than 1,000 CDIFs there are in the United States. The fund started with $50 million dollars and has grown to more than $230 million dollars. In order to become a CDFI and access that fund, a financial institution must spend at least 50% of their assets in low-income areas.These not-just-for-profit intuitions work on programs such as teaching financial literacy, credit lending and helping people create worker-owned co-ops.CDFIs rarely get much attention in the political spotlight. In the 2016 election, only two candidates addressed the issue seriously. Believe it or not, neither of them was running on the Republican ticket. Hillary Clinton, the now Democratic presidential nominee vowed to double investment into CDFIs. Her then rival, Bernie Sanders, supported a more ambitious (though not unpragmatic) plan to turn post offices into de-facto versions of CDFIs.Whether they remain as they are now, or they continue to evolve and become integrated into the post office, these types of institutions are desperately needed in the United States. They are an idea whose time has come and then been proven to be essential for more than a century.Featured image from Spencer Platt/Getty Images",0
4572," Democrats Need To Mobilize, Stick Together, And Get Out The Vote – And Fast","Hillary Clinton has had a bad two weeks. Whereas it may not be her fault (rather, the fault of a bloodthirsty, spineless media), she s still suffering at the polls. Her chances of winning, all across the board, have declined. The New York Times currently gives Clinton a 73 percent chance of winning the election, down from a near 90 percent chance at the beginning of the month. Nate Silver s FiveThirtyEight gives her a dismal 61 percent chance, down from a soaring 86 percent just one month ago. Hillary has taken a nose dive (10 points) in just one week alone.Florida, Ohio, Nevada and Iowa, all crucial swing states, were once comfortably in Clinton s camp. Now? They are all in Trump s camp, and continue to head in his right-wing direction.As Nate Silver puts it: Democrats should panic, if polls look like this in a week. Why? States that are also considered  safe  for democrats are becoming highly competitive:That s not to imply the events of the weekend were necessarily catastrophic for Clinton: In the grand scheme of things, they might not matter all that much (although polling from YouGov suggests that Clinton s health is in fact a concern to voters). But when you re only ahead by 3 or 4 points, and when some sequence of events causes you to lose another 1 or 2 points, the Electoral College probabilities can shift pretty rapidly. A lot of light blue states on our map have turned pink, meaning that Trump is now a narrow favorite there instead of Clinton.Look at it this way, also. Democrats rely heavily on early voter turnout. With the media overwhelmingly slamming Hillary unfairly (and giving Trump unprecedented bias), that could spell trouble for early voting gains for Democrats because the atmosphere is more unfavorable to Hillary than it is to Trump.Illinois, Michigan, Minnesota, South Dakota, Vermont and Wyoming all begin early voting in September, with 11 other states (including thee swing state of Ohio) conducting early voting within a month. So in the next month, a third of the states will be heading to the polls already. And this election, early voting will play a key factor into how the nation will decide:Historically, early voting has favored the Democrats in some key states, and in 2008 35 percent of votes are cast before the election according to the Associated Press. That s up from 22 percent in 2004.This election is expected to see an uptick in early voting. Considering the GOP is beating Democrats at the registration game, Democrats need to mobilize, and quickly. Take for example:In Pennsylvania   where Democrats  registration advantage has fallen by a fifth since the 2012 election, to 915,000 voters   more than 85,000 former Democrats have become Republicans this year, almost three times the number of voters who made the opposite switch.If Hillary wants to win the election, she ll need to win Pennsylvania, as it s a safeguard if she loses Florida. Pennsylvania is one of fourteen states that doesn t allow early voting, and Hillary is holding her own due largely in part to metropolitan Philadelphia and Pittsburgh. However, one crucial demographic is becoming problematic: white, working class blue dogs who reside in the mid and western part of the state. With Republicans gaining ground in registration, Democrats should be on high alert and working diligently to register not just Democrats in the metropolitan areas, but the rust-belt towns and counties that usually lean Democratic but are turning red.Then there s the enthusiasm gap. Democrats were elated and fired up for President Obama s candidacy, and sadly, due to the media and GOP smear tactics, have turned off many of those in the Obama coalition from excitement regarding Hillary Clinton. As President Obama told black voters, he would be personally insulted if they did not show up for Hillary, who polls in the mid 90s with black voters.But like GOP registrants, there is a glimmer of hope for Democrats: Hispanic voters, who traditionally lag 20 points behind whites in voter turnout, may see an opportunity to be enthusiastic and get out to vote:Hispanics are a part of the Democratic coalition and their turnout rates have been low, about 20 points lower than whites or blacks in presidential elections. There is speculation that Trump s rhetoric could entice Hispanics to vote against him, and there is some evidence in polls that Hispanic voting enthusiasm is running higher than normal. In Georgia, Florida and North Carolina race and ethnicity are tracked on these states  voter files, so it is possible to look at the individual level data to see if Hispanics are showing up at unusually higher numbers than the past.Democrats have the chance to get out and bring back the Obama coalition to deliver a win for Hillary, but they need to act fast. Early voting is paramount to Democrats having an early lead, and mobilizing to push back against the unfair treatment of Hillary will help alleviate a bad taste in the voter s mouths heading into the November election. Having  a strong lead will also inspire Democrats to not give up and continue to push for a major blow-out on November 8th. But like everything else, Democrats have to want it.Democrats, do not get discouraged. Do not give up when the polling is bad. Do not waste your vote on a  protest  candidate. Get out, mobilize, work together, and vote for Hillary Clinton.Featured image via Justin Sullivan/Getty Images",0
4573, Reince Priebus To Top GOP: Endorse Trump Or Your Career Is Over (VIDEO),"Several top Republicans have yet to endorse Donald Trump as the GOP presidential nominee. On Sunday, Republican National Committee chair Reince Priebus had some strong words for those individuals. Appearing on CBS  Face the Nation, Priebus issued a thinly veiled threat directed towards those who have yet to get on board the Trump bandwagon, which Reince described as one of the  biggest movements as far as people across this country in modern history. The right-wing reactionary movement is missing key GOP politicians such as Ted Cruz and other former presidential hopefuls. While they may not be considered a part of the #NeverTrump crowd, these GOPers have not really done much of anything to support the current Republican presidential candidate.They all agreed to support the eventual presidential nominee no matter who wins the election, and Priebus is expecting them to put party before country. We re a private party. We re not a public entity. Those people need to get on board,  Priebus told the show s host, John Dickerson.  And if they re thinking they re going to run again someday, I think we re going to evaluate the nomination process, and I don t think it s going to be that easy for them. I think these are things that our party s going to look at in the process. I think people who gave us their word, used information from the RNC, should get on board. What s interesting is that Trump has previously dragged his feet when it comes to endorsing other GOP candidates, such as House Speaker Paul Ryan. It s also interesting to note that the pledge that Priebus is referencing was reportedly designed to discourage Trump from running as an independent or on a non-establishment party campaign. It has no legal significance and is simply just a promise.The fact that Priebus, had to threaten   though he insists that his comments are not a threat top members of his Party show that the GOP is still cracking under the weight of trying to hold up Trump s campaign. You can watch the video below.Featured image via video screen capture",0
4574, Jan Brewer: There Were Birther Democrats ‘All Over The Country’ (VIDEO),"Donald Trump and his supporters are vigorously trying to blame anyone but the billionaire conspiracy theorist Republican nominee for his birtherism. Former Arizona Governor Jan Brewer claimed on CNN this morning that there were plenty of Democrats  all over the country  that questioned President Obama s birthplace, too.Marc Morial said the birther issue  was offensive to us, it was offensive to Americans. Not so fast, you can t just sweep it under the rug. Marc Morial said that Trump  sounded like Joseph McCarthy  and added that it was a  smear campaign,  and then Brewer said it s time to move on from the subject. She actually told an African-American man that there are more important issues to talk about. Trump tried to delegitimize our country s first black president by suggesting that he s really a scary Muslim from Kenya. You can t blow that racist dog whistle any louder than that. She quoted President Obama when she said that. Obama is probably sick of discussing his birth certificate after nearly two terms in office. The President took the high road when Donald Trump took the low road on the subject.One of the CNN panelists reminded Brewer that she said years ago that the birther issue was nonsense, but  we have the Republican nominee not capable of saying it in 2011, 2012, 2014 and 2015, and then says this very thing he should have said years ago. And then he starts another lie around it,  she added.Jan Brewer baffled the panel when she went on to say that for years the birther issue,  was a feeding frenzy on both sides of the aisle.  She claimed to remember that  vividly. Jake Tapper asked Brewer,  Democrats were? Brewer said  absolutely. Watch:[youtube https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=y3peRl_7UYA]So first Donald circulated a conspiracy theory about Obama s citizenship, then he took credit for proving that the president was not born in Kenya, and then he covered that up with another conspiracy theory saying that Hillary Clinton started his first conspiracy theory. And now, Jan Brewer is blaming Democrats.Featured image via screen capture. ",0
4575, Campaign Over: Gary Johnson Glad ‘Nobody Got Hurt’ In NYC Explosion (VIDEO),"Gay Johnson appeared on CNN s Reliable Sources Sunday morning where he made a gaffe that might just end his campaign. During an interview, Johnson said that he is  just grateful that nobody got hurt  during a bomb explosion in New York City Saturday night. Johnson appeared to be unaware that 29 people were injured in the blast. First of all, [I m] just grateful that nobody got hurt,  Johnson said.  Secondly, law enforcement is on the scene, responders are on the scene. If there s anything I learned having been governor of New Mexico for eight years is that these people really do care, they are really qualified. Look, we re going to find out who is responsible,  Johnson continued.  Whether it s an individual or a group, they will be brought to justice. And that is something that all of us demand. All of us! This is the second time that Johnson made an egregious error during a media appearance. Earlier in September, Johnson was questioned on how he would deal with the refugee crisis in the Syrian city of Aleppo. Johnson responded by asking  What is Aleppo?  The gaffe was pretty bad but it didn t appear to hurt him in the polls.While I would prefer (marginally so) a Johnson administration to the nightmare that a Trump administration would be, this is not the type of mistake that a serious political candidate should ever make. Leaders need to be informed about a situation in order to respond accordingly. This is information that Johnson should have been aware of.Johnson did not reach the threshold needed to in the polls to take a podium in the upcoming presidential debates. That fact made Johnson s already incredibly slim chance of actually winning the election to an impossibility.As others have noted Johnson may very well end up being the determining factor in this year s presidential election. This gaffe may very well take some of his influence away he has in determining the outcome, should it be enough for his supporters to defect to either major candidate s campaign.You can watch the video below.Featured image from video screenshot",0
4576, WATCH: Trump Campaign Manager REFUSES To Answer This Simple Birther Question,"On Sunday, Donald Trump s campaign manager Kellyanne Conway appeared on NBC s Meet the Press. During her appearance, she was grilled about Trump s former birther stance.Trump recently denounced his birther views after weeks of being hounded by the press. Since then, the Trump campaign has tried to move past the matter. Given that Trump was one of the key propagators of the conspiracy theory, they are not going to be able to do that anytime soon.The show s host, Chuck Todd, asked Conway what made Trump come to the conclusion that President Obama was in fact born in the United States. It s a fairly straightforward question that Conway did not want to answer. You ll have to ask him that. That s a personal decision,  Conway replied.Conway then alleged that it was Hillary Clinton s aides were the ones that started the birther conspiracy. This stems from the fact that several Clinton supporters spread an anonymous chainmail around that pushed the birther conspiracy. However, no one actually knows where the origins of that email, or the conspiracy itself came from. Who cares about the Clinton incident?  Todd shot back.  Donald Trump for five years perpetuated this. This has been arguably part of his political identity for the last five years  forget the Clinton incident for a minute, why did he perpetuate it for five years? Conway then said that  It makes a huge difference who started this. We were reminding people where this started. It was used as a smear against Sen. Obama by Clinton campaign associates   and by the way, not a bunch of summer interns who just got it all wrong and were a little bit too ambitious. I understand why you re deflecting,  Todd responds.  You are deflecting. This was five years of his political identity. It s impossible to know who actually started the birther conspiracy. That s why Conway and other Republicans have begun using that talking point during interviews. While actually knowing who came up with conspiracy would be interesting for historical reasons, that information will probably never come to light. Trump and his campaign are desperate to sidestep the issue because they know that it is a major embarrassment.Propagating the conspiracy was also Trump s first major step into the political arena. The people who believe in it constitute Trump s base. Every time he speaks out against it, he is at risk of alienating the base.You can watch the interview below.Featured image from video screenshot",0
4577, Donald Trump Panicking As Ugly Divorce Records May Be Unsealed,"It s no secret that Donald Trump is cruel to women. Look how he describes and refers to women he doesn t like (for personal or non-personal reasons). He s cheated on two of his wives, resulting in some ugly and highly publicized divorces. But it s his 1990 divorce from his first wife, Ivana, that has people interested, and for good reason.The divorce, first filed by Ivana due to extreme cruel and inhuman treatment,  is controversial and, often times, muddy. Ivana Trump once revealed Donald Trump had raped her in a violent assault when he tore off her clothes and forced himself on her. The allegation was made in a sworn deposition by Trump, and was reported in the 1993 book Lost Tycoon: The Many Lives of Donald J. Trump. Ivana Trump has since claimed that she did not mean it in  a literal or criminal sense,  but the affidavit still stands.But still, details of  cruel and inhuman treatment  lie buried in the sealed documents of the divorce, which is why the New York Times sued last month to have them unsealed. In the state of New York, all divorce records are sealed unless determined by a judge to be useful in  special circumstances  when dealing with intense public interest.Of course, given the fact that Donald Trump is running for President of the United States, and coupled with his past statements regarding women, the public does indeed have an interest in figuring out what kind of husband Donald Trump was, and how he treated his first wife. Or so the New York Times contends.But it s Donald and Ivana Trump who are panicking and scared out of their minds at what s possibly to come.Marc Kasowitz and other attorneys from the New York-based firm Kasowitz Benson Torres & Friedman, as well as longtime Trump Organization lawyer Michael Cohen, wrote in a  brief to the judge, Supreme Court Justice Frank Nervo:In seeking to invade the Trumps  26-year-old confidential matrimonial files, the Times and Gannett, as shown in Mr. Trump s filing in opposition to their motion, rely on entirely unprecedented and erroneous arguments that are contrary to the protections afforded by the Legislature over 150 years ago   The courts [in New York] have never overridden those protections because of a purported public interest in vetting political candidates. There is simply no importance, overriding or otherwise, to unsealing the matrimonial records of a political candidate.Well, if he s a rapist, that would be of some importance.It s also worth noting that Cohen (remember, an attorney), said in an interview regarding Ivana s rape allegation,  It is true. You cannot rape your spouse. And there s very clear case law.  The marital rape exemption law in new York was struck down in 1984, three years before Ivana alleged Trump assaulted her. As of 1993, all 50 states have criminalized marital rape, as it s seen as form of domestic violence.What s even more baffling is the Trump campaign is so desperate to keep these records sealed, they made a stab at Hillary Clinton s medical records as precedence:Secretary Clinton is not revealing her medical records, even though her medical condition is being raised as an issue in the current campaign. Nor could or should they be compelled to do so.First off, she has released them (Trump as not), and second, the campaign s candidate has repeatedly slammed Clinton for not doing so earlier   nor could or should they be compelled to do so? That s rich.Ivana Trump s lawyer, Ira Garr, filed a brief to Nervo pointing out that unsealing the records would be unfair to Ivana because she isn t running for any public office. Fair enough, but it s his second reason that should make people think  he thinks people are too stupid to care:Garr said in a brief interview Tuesday that he doesn t see how the divorce-court record would alter anyone s opinion of the real estate investor and GOP presidential nominee because people have either factored such issues into their voting decisions or don t view those points as relevant to their decision. Does anybody doubt that Donald isn t that nice to women?  Garr asked.  Could you watch his interview with Megyn Kelly and say,  He s nice to women? Considering he accused Megyn Kelly of having her menstrual cycle during a debate, no.These lawyers are just as dumb as their clients.Judge Frank Nervo has not indicated when and if he release them, but the trump lawyers  sudden legal briefs are telling that a decision could come soon.Featured image via Spencer Platt/Getty Images",0
4578, Fox News’ Latest Eye-Rolling Tweet Might Be The Funniest Thing On The Internet (TWEET),"There s nothing quite like hypocrisy on the grandest scale imaginable. So large, in fact, that all you can do is sit there and laugh at how absolutely ridiculous something is. This is what just happened on Twitter when they decided to call out media bias.Yes, you read that correctly, Fox News whined about media bias allegedly coming from other news organizations.Not only that, they hashtagged it with  #BiasAlert  to really add an extra layer of nauseating frosting on to the hypocrisy cake.They tweeted out:#BiasAlert: Candidates refer to NYC blast as bomb but #Trump takes brunt of media criticism https://t.co/KEYMx7ddRk pic.twitter.com/u2MkvGVoOp  Fox News (@FoxNews) September 18, 2016Let s just talk about this for a moment. In a tweet that blames other media outlets for correctly going after Trump s irresponsible reaction to a blast in New York City, they are saying that there s media bias.This tweet is the EPITOME of media bias. It is so ridiculous, in fact, that all other tweets with media bias can now be measured against this one in the future to see how biased something actually is. Not only do they display their own bias towards Trump, but they have the audacity to say  Bias Alert. That right there is hilarious and kinda sad.Fox News can, without a doubt, be called the media outlet for the Republican party. They so unapologetically swing to defend all things Republican and  conservative  that they are blind to their own reality.Featured image via Wikimedia Commons",0
4579, It Looks Like The Trump Campaign Just Got This Reporter Arrested,"While Donald Trump accuses Hillary Clinton of being crooked and freedom hating, a member of the press was arrested at a his Houston rally after simply inquiring about press credentials.Alex Thompson of Vice News was arrested at the Omni Westside hotel for  trespassing.  Thompson, inquiring as to whether or not his pending press credentials had been approved or denied, entered the hotel lobby to ask members of Trump s communications staff what the final say was.According to Vice News:A man who identified himself as a hotel manager then asked Thompson to leave and warned that he would be arrested if he did not. Roughly two minutes later, without further warning and while Thompson was waiting for a member of Trump s staff to clarify his access to the event, he was arrested by Houston Police, handcuffed, and escorted outside. Thompson spoke with his editors while handcuffed and said that he was never given any opportunity to explain himself to police.And just like that, a reporter was arrested for requesting an answer to his ability to report on the rally, which is his constitutional right.Ryan McCarthy, editor-in-chief of Vice, tweeted:Our reporter @AlxThomp was arrested today outside a Trump event   for doing his job https://t.co/kS2PG5Igyc  Ryan McCarthy (@mccarthyryanj) September 17, 2016Of course the Trump campaign denied any knowing or involvement of the incident, saying,  The campaign was not involved in this incident or aware of the details surrounding it. The event organizers were responsible for today s media presence and requested the campaign limit attendance to the traveling pool. Thompson was released on bond overnight, and the Houston police claimed that he issued an ultimatum: arrest him or leave him alone, because he is not leaving until he gets an answer, as he   a member of the press   is entitled to.Vice has hinted that their lawyers are working on getting the charges dropped.Given Trump and his campaign s hostility to the media (which includes threatening to sue the New York Times, tightening libel laws, and calling CNN panelists a bunch of losers), could having a reporter arrested seem too far out there? The answer is no.Whether or not Trump or anyone in his campaign made the call is not know. But we do know this much: the campaign had his credentials pending; he inquired but to no avail; he inquired again, and was arrested for  trespassing,  even though the event was public.Trump is no friend of the press, or the freedom of the press to report on the asinine and ridiculous things he and his supporters cough up. That should scare everyone.Featured image via Joe Readle/Getty Images",0
4580, Former Secretary Of Defense Has Some SCATHING Words For “Unqualified And Unfit” Trump (TWEET),"Former Defense Secretary Robert Gates has judged both Republican and Democratic residential candidates for their ideas on foreign policy, but it s clear that he only believes that there s one nominee that is  beyond repair    Donald Trump.Gates, who has served under George W. Bush as well as Barack Obama, recently published a brutal op-ed in the Wall Street Journal that examines both Trump and Hillary Clinton for their plans on handling America s challenging relations with nations like Russia, China and the Middle East.Although Clinton was nowhere near exempt from criticism, Gates saved his harshest words for her GOP rival. Gates noted that the former Secretary of State has much-discussed credibility issues apart from national security, but these also influence foreign perceptions of reliability and trust.  However, Trump is  in a league of his own  when it comes to credibility.Gates reminded Americans that Trump openly supports and shines praise on leaders like Vladimir Putin and Saddam Hussein, and is all for unethical torture practices and the killing of terrorist s families. Gates also mentioned the fact that Trump likes the idea of Japan and South Korea developing nuclear weapons. Gates said: At least on national security, I believe Mr. Trump is beyond repair. He is stubbornly uninformed about the world and how to lead our country and government, and temperamentally unsuited to lead our men and women in uniform. He is unqualified and unfit to be commander-in-chief. As soon as Gates  op-ed was discovered by Trump, the business mogul predictably went on Twitter to throw one of his infamous man-baby temper tantrums:TwitterTo challenge Trump s tweet, NPR Morning Edition reporter Steve Inskeep invited Trump to an interview about foreign policy on his show, which the Trump campaign had said they d do about 250 days ago.TwitterAs expected, the Trump campaign has now fallen silent on the subject.Featured image via Chip Somodevilla and Spencer Platt / Getty Images",0
4581, Trump Once Again Uses A Tragedy To Congratulate Himself (VIDEO),"In case you didn t know, there was an explosion in Lower Manhattan Saturday night, resulting in a reported 26 injuries. Luckily, none of those injuries are life threatening at this time. However, that does not make such an event any less frightening or tragic for New York City, or for our country. Right now, the appropriate response is to help the victims if we can, to spread only correct information, and stay informed. That isn t the response from Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump, though.When news of the explosion broke, Trump was speaking to a large crowd. He announced the explosion, and, just as he did after the horrific massacre at Orlando s Pulse Night Club, used the event to congratulate himself. He touts the need to  get very tough,  and sows fear. Trump says: Just before I got off the plane, a bomb went off in New York and nobody knows exactly what s going on, but we are living in a time when we ve got to get very tough, folks. We ve got to get very, very tough. It s a terrible thing that s going on in our world and in our country and we are going to get tough and smart and vigilant. We re gonna end it. We re gonna end it. After that, he praised his Colorado crowd and said how awesome it was to be there, and then touted his poll numbers, saying: And a new poll from Emerson just came out and we re up four points in Colorado! Watch the video below, via Dave Itzkoff s Twitter:Trump in Colorado, telling crowd that a bomb just went off in NY. Then says he's up 4 points in new poll. pic.twitter.com/3CN20XqwmL  Dave Itzkoff (@ditzkoff) September 18, 2016It appears that Trump is back to his old self. This is no time to be touting poll numbers or trafficking in fear. As Americans, we do not use tragic events to congratulate ourselves or to scare people into doing as we wish. This is what demagogues throughout history have done, and that is just what Donald Trump is   a dangerous, bigoted demagogue. History tells us how that situation ends. Let s not make that mistake again.Featured image via Joe Raedle/Getty Images",0
4582," Trump Will Hate What Obama Just Told Black Voters, And It Could Destroy The GOP (VIDEO)","President Obama made his final appearance as the sitting president at the Congressional Black Caucus Foundation s annual dinner, and made it very clear he will not be sitting on the sidelines for the coming election.The President said,  we have something to teach him  in response to Trump s claims that black voters have  nothing to lose  so they should vote for him.President Obama: ""You want to give me a good send off? Go vote!"" https://t.co/2TggidWndx https://t.co/iCke8GsuCo  CNN Politics (@CNNPolitics) September 18, 2016From the White House press pool report: But our progress is on the ballot. Tolerance is on the ballot. Democracy is on the ballot. Justice is on the ballot. Good schools are on the ballot. Ending mass incarceration, that is on the ballot right now. And there is one candidate who will advance those things, and there is another candidate who s defining principle, the central theme of his candidacy  is opposing those things, Obama said. I will consider it a personal insult  if African Americans sit out this election. If you want to give mea a good send off, go vote! Hope is on the ballot and fear is on the ballot too. Obama also spoke about Republican efforts to block voter turnout by requiring obstacles like voter ID, noting,  We are the only democracy in the world actively trying to discourage voting. Obama also joked with the crowd about Donald Trump finally admitting that he was born in the United States: I mean ISIL, North Korea, poverty, climate change-none of those things weighed on my mind like the validity of my birth certificate. According to the White House press pool, supporters lined up along the street chanted  four more years  as the President and First Lady left the venue.Trump has faced huge obstacles in attempting to attract black voters to his campaign. Already skeptical of Republicans, Trump has a history that turns them off. In addition to being part of a redlining effort in his father s real estate business that tried to keep blacks out of apartments, Trump also called for the execution of the Central Park Five after it was proven they were innocent, and promoted the false racist birther conspiracy up until a few months ago   even after President Obama had long since provided his birth certificate.Featured image via screen capture",0
4583, Trump Is Pretending He Doesn’t Want To Sue The New York Times (TWEET),"Donald Trump reverted to his usual grouchy, unlikable self in another Twitter meltdown on Saturday, ripping into both Maureen Dowd of The New York Times and the paper itself. Dowd told CNN that Trump once told her that the violence at his rallies adds excitement, and the Times ran a separate piece on the nearly $1 billion in tax breaks Trump s real estate empire got from the State of New York. Both seem to have hurt Trump s widdle feewings.In this latest meltdown of his, he posted the following tweet:My lawyers want to sue the failing @nytimes so badly for irresponsible intent. I said no (for now), but they are watching. Really disgusting  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) September 17, 2016That s a load of hogwash if there ever was one. First off,  irresponsible intent  isn t a crime and his lawyers ought to know that (if they don t, they re terrible lawyers). This is something that Trump himself just made up to sound smart.Besides, if it were a crime he likely would have been locked up for all eternity already.Secondly, Trump is sue-happy to the point that he often gets what he wants in business simply by threatening to sue those who don t do what he wants. He hates the press and has banned outlets from his rallies, in addition to saying he ll  open up libel laws  after he s elected so that we can sue the media and  win lots of money. This also isn t the first time Trump s lawyers have threatened to sue the Times. Earlier this year, the Times ran a story with quotes from an old girlfriend, who later claimed they misrepresented her badly. For its part, the Times issued a statement saying she was quoted accurately, fairly, and at length. Trump s lawyers withdrew their lawsuit threat.So it s not especially likely that Trump doesn t want his lawyers to sue now   it s more likely that tweet is a showy lie. He wants to make the threat, but he might want to make it look like he s got hard-hitting lawyers that are somewhat roguish, whom he has to rein in. He s conniving and his image is everything. This might make him look like he s in control.As for us, we can see right through him.Featured image by Joe Raedle/Getty Images",0
4584," John Boehner Has A New Job, And It’s Vile (VIDEO)","When John Boehner left Congress, he left behind a stench so bad it took a team of professionals and a hefty chunk of change to get rid of it. No, I m not talking about his obstructionism. I m talking about the fact that Boehner is a massive chain smoker, and his office reeked so bad that Paul Ryan had to have new carpets, furniture and paint in his new office.Now, Boehner has found a new home, and it can only be imagined that the entire building stinks just like Boehner s old office. He s now a Class 2 director on the board of Reynolds American Inc, the company that makes his beloved Camel cigarettes. Yes, his job will be to lobby Congress to help prevent and eliminate those pesky regulations that tobacco companies have to jump through   you know, like the ones that say the tobacco companies can t market to children, although a Boehner spokesman spun it to sound like just the opposite. RAI is striving to transform the tobacco industry through innovative strategies that include speeding the decline in tobacco use among young people and reducing the harm caused by smoking,  said a Boehner spokesman.  These are objectives Speaker Boehner supports and looks forward to helping RAI advance through his service on the board. Source: NPRHere s the video:The reality is much bleaker. There is a tiny grain of truth in the statement that fewer young people are using tobacco, but one of the things tobacco companies are trying to sell as a safer alternative to tobacco are e-cigarettes, which for children, are even worse than traditional cigarettes, just because the cartridge can be broken and children have been known to swallow toxic doses of nicotine.Not only that, tobacco companies are specifically marketing e-cigarettes to young children, often with ads touting their candy-like flavors.If you recall, Boehner stepped down from his speakership and announced that he would be leaving Congress immediately after a congressional visit from Pope Francis. He seemed to imply that the Pope had put the  pro-life  Speaker into a crisis of conscious. In truth, Republicans wanted him out, badly, but what happened to the man who claimed his life was changed after meeting the Pope?Nothing that the Pope would approve of. Smoking is still the leading cause of preventable death in this country. Nearly half a million Americans die from smoking ever year. While not as many children are picking up cigarettes, hence the panic and the hiring of Boehner, more than 3,200 new smokers each day are younger than 18. Of those, 2,100 will become addicts. This is what John Boehner is promoting. He s almost better back in Congress. At least there, he got nothing done. Now, he ll be personally responsible for the deaths of millions and he ll be pushing cigarettes on children.Featured image via Alex Wong/Getty Images.",0
4585, Trump’s Buddy Putin Once Said He Could Destroy The U.S. In Less Than A Half Hour,"Just in case anybody s wondering just how dangerous Trump s love of Putin is, here s a little reminder: When Putin was running for election in 2011, he hosted a big, lavish banquet where he spoke to a variety of leaders on a variety of topics. When he addressed the Americans there, he said that the only reason the U.S. was interested in a relationship with Moscow was because Russia could destroy the U.S.  in a half hour or less. That s according to two authors of The Russia-China Axis, who concluded from Putin s thinly-veiled threat: It would be difficult to find a statement more revealing about Putin s true position regarding the United States. This is a man that Donald Trump repeatedly praises as a strong leader, and over whom he fawns because Putin likes him. Putin and Trump are two of a kind in terms of demagoguery, but it s never been a secret that Putin isn t a fan of the U.S. It seems the only way he ll become a fan of us is if Trump is elected.Why?He likely believes he can pull Trump s puppet strings. Trump might think that Putin is just a good negotiator, but he fails miserably at understanding the naked fact that Putin sees us as his number one enemy.If Putin is actively working to undermine our democratic process (and there is credible evidence suggesting exactly that), then a President Trump is very likely to just hand us over, knowingly or unknowingly, to a hostile leader who believes he can destroy us on a whim.Russia has a squillion nuclear weapons   that s never been a secret. We have roughly 4,100 of the damn things that aren t awaiting dismantlement while Russia has roughly 2,700 in that state. In total, we have 7,100 while Russia has 7,300. However, Russia has managed to negotiate cuts in our arsenal while they work to strengthen theirs. Some reports say that their military exercises center around nuclear strikes now.In other words, their nuclear arsenal might be a bigger threat than ours, and they are more prepared for a nuclear war than we are. Compare all of that to North Korea s eight and Iran s nonexistent nuclear arsenal, and one has to wonder why our leaders seem to focus all our energy on those two countries when Russia is currently led by a man who said he could destroy us in a half hour, and we have a presidential candidate who is in love with that man.This is so frightening to many in the GOP that some feel they re in the awkward position of having to rationalize Trump s love affair with Vladimir Putin while quietly quaking in their boots. But others aren t fooled, like Lindsey Graham: Other than destroying every instrument of democracy in his own country, having opposition people killed, dismembering neighbors through military force and being the benefactor of the butcher of Damascus, he s a good guy. And the ghostwriter of Trump s best-selling Art of the Deal, Tony Schwartz: To undecided voters: Trump wants to be Putin, a despot & dictator. The world may not recover. Save your children and grandchildren. Yeah. Putin s a great guy. So s Trump. Two peas in a pod. Anybody who thinks we ll be safe with Trump as president has their head buried up their buried up an ass full of sand.Featured image by Dennis Grombkowski/Getty Images",0
4586, Elizabeth Warren: KKK Supports Trump More Than The Leaders Of His Own Party Do (VIDEO),"Elizabeth Warren was back on the campaign trail for Hillary Clinton on Saturday. During an event in the battleground state of Ohio, the Massachusetts senator skewered Donald Trump for having more support from white supremacists than from Republican leaders. Donald Trump has repeatedly invited his supporters to commit a horrific act of violence against his opponent, against another human being. I just want you to think for a minute  what kind of a man does that?  she asked.  A bully, a twisted bully who can t fight his own fight, who can t win a fair fight, who will never be a president of the United States, that s who. [youtube https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=b3TZ34ol4Ic]You can watch Elizabeth Warren s entire speech, here: [youtube https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RmcG1yg-NF4]Featured image via video screen capture ",0
4587, ‘Hamilton’ Creator SLAMS Social Media Slacktivists Who Won’t Get Off Their A*s To Vote (TWEET),"There are a lot of people who have a lot to say on the internet about our political process, and especially about the most current election cycle. Yet, some of these same people are the ones who claim to be above voting, either because they think it doesn t actually matter, or they pathetically just don t remember to do it.These people are called slacktivists. Individuals who like to complain their little heart away on the internet, but then do absolutely nothing about what they ve been complaining about when it comes to the real world.One person who seems to have had enough of these sorts of people is none other than the Tony Award-winning creator of the Broadway hit musical Hamilton, Lin-Manuel Miranda.Miranda took to Twitter and wrote: Tweeting voting. Posting a video voting. Your essay on FB voting. If you CAN vote and you don t? You ve done nothing. Tweeting voting.Posting a video voting.Your essay on FB voting.If you CAN vote and you don't?You've done nothing.#Vote  Lin-Manuel Miranda (@Lin_Manuel) September 17, 2016Which is exactly right. If you can take the time to complain nearly every day about politics, but can t take the time to go vote, you ve done absolutely nothing.If you want to actually make lasting change in this nation you need to take the time to vote in individuals who will represent not only your best interests but the best interest of the entire nation and the world.Vote. Because your vote is your voice that actually makes a difference.Featured Photo by Dimitrios Kambouris/Getty Images for Tony Awards Productions",0
4588, WATCH: This Democrat Just Released The Most Badass Campaign Ad So Far,"Jason Kander is a Democrat running for a United States Senate seat in Missouri. The seat is currently held by Roy Blunt, a Republican. Kander, who is 35-years-old and is also Missouri s current attorney general, recently released probably the best political advertisement we will see in the 2016 election.Kander s opponent has been attacking him for supporting more effective background checks on gun sales.That was a major mistake for Blunt. That s because Kander is an Afghanistan war veteran. Which means that he knows his way around firearms, which Kander demonstrates perfectly in his campaign video. The thirty-second advertisement busts a myth that the right-wing has made about gun-law-reformers for decades   that enacting smart safety regulations is tantamount to unilateral gun confiscation.In reality, despite what the NRA would have people think, gun law reformers want to create laws that should be considered common sense. Such as say, not letting people on terrorist watch lists purchase firearms.In the ad, Kander stands in front of a table with a dissembled rifle on the table. Kander proceeds to assemble the weapon while blindfolded. While Kander assembles the rifle he says: I m Jason Kander and Senator Blunt has been attacking me on guns. Well, in the army I learned how to use and respect my rifle. In Afghanistan, I volunteered to be a gun in an unarmored convoy of SUV s. In the state legislature, I supported 2nd amendment rights. I also believe in background checks so that terrorists can t get their hands on one of these. When Kander finishes assembling the rifle, he removes his blindfold and says,  I approve this message because I d like to see Senator Blunt do this. A majority of Americans are in favor of expanding background checks. Yet, Congress has not taken action to support legislation that would create such a system. That s because the NRA is holding our Congress hostage. They donate huge amounts of moneyto political candidates. In 2016, so far the NRA has spent $825,000 dollars in campaign contributions. A paltry sum compared to the total amounts of money they have spent influencing politics. Overall, they have spent more than a quarter million dollars supporting Blunt.They also work endlessly to brainwash their supporters into thinking that all gun-reformers want to get rid of the second amendment. Which is absolutely not true. This ad effectively smashes that conflation in mere seconds.You can watch the ad below in full:https://www.facebook.com/kanderformissouri/videos/1102167116543853/Feature image from video screenshot",0
4589, Clinton Lists The 9 Things Trump Accuses Her Of Doing – That He Actually Does Himself,"Trump s way of handling the heat is simple: deflect, and blame everything on everyone else. He is a master of pointing the finger and saying  look, they do it too!  The evidence couldn t be more clear with how he accuses Hillary Clinton of everything   from pay-for-play, to corruption, to even murder.And for some reason, the media lets him get away with it.But luckily for us (and bad for Trump once the debates come around), Hillary Clinton isn t letting him get away with anything.Sick of the never ending accusations and silence by the media elites, Clinton listed on her website nine difference instances in which Trump accused her of doing something he actually does himself. From real pay-for-play to ties to Russia, Clinton proves that it really is Trump, and not her, that is the shady candidate.Let s take a look:So there you have it. While Trump continues to accuse Clinton of everything under the sun, he himself is actually the real culprit in all of these scenarios. But because he s loud and entertaining and gets them good ratings, the media ignores the glaring contradictions and hypocrisy, and let s him a free pass.Bottom line: Trump literally does everything he accuses Clinton of doing.Once the debate season heats up, you ll see Donald Trump be put in his rightful place.Featured image via Justin Sullivan/Getty Images",0
4590, WATCH: Joy Reid DESTROYS Trump Supporter Who Claims Trump’s Campaign Isn’t Racist (VIDEO),"Steve Cortes, an avid Trump supporter, appeared on AM Joy where he claimed that Donald Trump s campaign is  an incredibly non-racist campaign.  Well, any fan of the show s host Joy Reid knows that she is not going to just accept a claim like that on her show. What you seem to be saying, is that it is okay to laugh at this idea of people who are outright racists who are part of the coalition of Donald Trump,  Reid said.  You seem to be saying, we don t care, we want to ridicule the idea that this is bad, and we don t care if it grows our coalition. Cortes upset that Reid brought up David Duke support s for Trump s campaign because Trump has renounced Duke s endorsement. Cortes apparently doesn t seem to understand that Duke s endorsement itself does not necessarily matter. The fact that the white supremacist movement in the United States supports Trump because of his policy proposals and rhetoric. The only true way to actually denounce these people would be to scrap Trump s entire platform and adopt one that racists would not be fond of. That, or drop out of the race altogether.Cortes then says that compared to previous Republican elections, Trump s campaign is incredibly non-racist. I would remind you that Donald Trump, particularly compared to past Republican presidential candidates, is running an incredibly non-racist campaign,  Cortes said.  He s gone into the barrio and he is going into the inner-city and you can laugh, but we are appealing directly to people of color. The rest of the panelists on the show laughed at Cortes  assertion. Then why is it that Donald Trump is the most disliked and despised Republican candidate among people of color that we have had, probably in a generation?  Reid asked. People who say that racism is not central to this campaign: let me explain this to you,  wrtiter and journalist Tour  stated.  This is a campaign that started with birtherism, continues with the wall, we re going to ban all Muslims and we re at war economically with the Chinese. Is there any person of color who the campaign is not at war with? I can t find one! Studies have shown that roughly half of the Republican Party s membership is racist. There is no getting around that fact. Trump s campaign has appealed to that base throughout his campaign with vile, even hateful rhetoric. No matter what Trump s supporters say those are the facts.You can watch the segment below:Featured image from video screenshot",0
4591, Bill Maher Reads A List Of Provable Lies To Trump Campaign Manager (VIDEO),"On Friday, Donald Trump s campaign manager Kellyanne Conway appeared on Real Time with Bill Maher. While on the show, Maher thanked Conway for coming on the show. Maher then thanked her for  enabling pure evil.  Maher also mentioned that Trump has sued him before. A lawsuit, which a judge threw out immediately because it was bogus, as Maher explains.Maher asked Conway whether Trump had encouraged her to be on the show and she confirmed that he did. That s because, as Maher pointed out, Trump is desperately after his show s audience demographic. While Conway may have been happy to get to speak to that audience in the beginning of the segment, she certainly isn t happy now. That s because Maher confronts the only person has been so far able to  tame  Trump, as Maher puts it, and informs her that her boss is a habitual liar. I don t know anything about David Duke.  Utter lie.  Vladimir Putin and I are best friends.  He never met him. He  got a letter from the NFL,  which was proved never happened. He gave money to the veterans when he didn t.  I was against the Iraq war,  when it s on tape that he was not,  Maher says.This point becomes comedy gold later in the segment when Conway insists that she could never work for someone who lies for a living. How do you answer to the fact that this man just says whatever he wants at the moment in the moment to get whatever point he wants across regardless of the facts? Conway dodged the question and took the opportunity to posture, saying she has been with the campaign with a winning candidate.That s when Maher asks Conway: You have many children. Are you okay with what your children are going to be asking you about supporting a man, enabling a man, who did things like make fun of the handicapped and said John McCain wasn t a war hero? Conway says that she is fine with backing Trump after doing that, saying that McCain has endorsed Trump.Maher concluded the segment by asking Conway to tell Trump not to sue him anymore.I wish Maher had expanded on his question regarding Conway s children. Research has shown that Trump is having a very negative impact on children. In what has been dubbed  the Trump effect  schools are reporting an increase in bullying that targets those who are racial and religious minorities. Knowing this, I would have asked Conway if she is comfortable supporting a man whose rhetoric has been shown to be inciting racial harassment towards children.You can watch the segment below in full.https://youtu.be/CX7Yt6U08c8Featured image from video screenshot",0
4592, Jane Goodall Says Donald Trump Reminds Her Of How Chimpanzees Act To Get Attention,"The legendary anthropologist and expert on primates made some interesting remarks to The Atlantic prior to Trump officially being crowned as the Republican nominee at the GOP Convention in July.In Trump, Goodall sees a male chimpanzee trying to gain dominance by making as much noise as possible.In many ways the performances of Donald Trump remind me of male chimpanzees and their dominance rituals,  Goodall said.  In order to impress rivals, males seeking to rise in the dominance hierarchy perform spectacular displays: stamping, slapping the ground, dragging branches, throwing rocks. The more vigorous and imaginative the display, the faster the individual is likely to rise in the hierarchy, and the longer he is likely to maintain that position. Clearly, that was exactly the case within the Republican Party as Trump threw his shit at every single one of his GOP rivals and continued winning primaries in state after state despite being the most outrageous candidate in the field.Now he thinks he can do the same thing against Hillary Clinton to win the presidency in November. But first, Trump will have to debate Hillary, assuming that he doesn t pull out of the debates like the coward he is.Goodall plans to watch the debates with rapt attention because she thinks Trump will act like a chimpanzee named Mike.According to The Atlantic, Goodall said:In her book My Life With the Chimpanzees, Goodall told the story of  Mike,  a chimp who maintained his dominance by kicking a series of kerosene cans ahead of him as he moved down a road, creating confusion and noise that made his rivals flee and cower. She told me she would be thinking of Mike as she watched the upcoming debates.Indeed, Trump has made  creating confusion and noise  the centerpiece of his campaign, most recently by trying to blame Hillary Clinton for the rise of birtherism despite the fact that Hillary, nor her campaign, ever leveled such charges against President Obama. Trump has also made outrageous claims about Hillary s health and said that her Secret Service detail should disarm themselves to see how long she lasts before being killed.Trump hopes that being the loudest and most obnoxious candidate will secure victory on Election Day. But Americans really need to ask themselves: Do we want a firestarter chimpanzee at the helm or do we want a civilized human being. Do we want to revert back into acting like apes, or do we want to continue to evolve? The choice is ours.Featured image via Chip Somodevilla/Getty Images",0
4593, Trump’s DEPLORABLE Fans Cheer As He Almost Calls For Hillary’s Assassination,"Donald Trump is rising in the polls, has the media wrapped around his little finger, and people are starting to take him seriously. With all these things going in his favor, with 50 days left until the election, you d think he would stick to staying on script.But, as always, he screws it up.Just hours after  denouncing  birtherism (and then falsely accusing the 2008 Clinton campaign of starting it), Trump delivered another off-color, off script speech in Miami where he (yet again) hinted at Hillary Clinton s assassination.After incorrectly claiming that Clinton wants to abolish the Second Amendment (which she can t do), Trump said: I think that her bodyguards should drop all weapons. They should disarm. I think they should disarm immediately, what do you think, yes? Take their guns away, she doesn t want guns. Take them, let s see what happens to her. Take their guns away, okay. It will be very dangerous. And just like that, Trump basically called for an assassination of Hillary Clinton, and the basket of deplorables cheered like the rabid dogs they are.Just five weeks ago, Trump hinted that angry gun rights supporters could take matters into their own hands   assassinating Hillary Clinton   should she win the presidency: Hillary wants to essentially abolish the Second Amendment. If she gets to pick her judges, nothing you can do folks. Although the Second Amendment people maybe there is, I don t know. After those comments were made, Trump received intense backlash from both the left and the right. Although his people maintain he was not advocating for assassination, but rather them getting out to vote, his campaign promised to stay on script the remainder of the race.Clearly they aren t following their own advice.Former Congresswoman Gabrielle Giffords, who was shot in the head at a constituents  meeting   thus forcing her to resign from Congress   demanded Trump apologize and disavow his dangerous comments: In his more stable moments, Mr. Trump has said he regrets some of the ugly insults and dangerous threats he has leveled during the course of this campaign. We call on him to immediately renounce these comments, apologize to Hillary Clinton, and acknowledge that once again he has gone dangerously too far. If anyone knows the danger of stoking political violence, no matter how  innocent  it may seem, it s Gabrielle Giffords. Republicans, Independents, and weary Democrats should ask themselves: is this who they want representing them? A  man  who makes a casual reference to violence against Hillary Clinton?Any presidential candidate who is so cowardly he has to call on his opponent to essentially be assassinated should in no way even remotely be considered for the job. Perhaps Trump s secret service agents should have a word with the Republican candidate about jokes regarding death.When will the American people stand up and say  enough is enough.  Enough of the off-script  jokes,  enough of the blatant disregard for cordial campaigning, enough of the deplorable and reprehensible comments.Featured image via Joe Readle/Getty Images",0
4594, WATCH: Actress Kerry Washington DESTROYS Trump For Pretending To Care About Families,"A very pregnant Kerry Washington appeared on Real Time with Bill Maher on Friday, and crushed Donald Trump in a way only a mother could.The Republican nominee is hoping that women will vote for him because he introduced a child care initiative that supposedly gives paid maternity leave to new mothers. The big problem is that Trump doesn t even offer paid maternity leave to his own employees, forcing them to use vacation days and sick days as their unpaid leave. Furthermore, Donald Trump himself is not a fan of pregnancy, once calling it an  inconvenience. So when Washington sat down at the table, she was ready to rip Trump a new one. There s been a lot of talk about it being insulting to women, but I actually think it s insulting to families   and to workers   because there s no paternity leave, there s no family leave!  Washington said.  For Hillary Clinton, these issues and these policies are not about women s policies. this is about economic policy, because we understand in this country that if families are able to take care of each other, we do better as a nation. I choose that candidate over the guy who brags about having never changed a diaper. He has literally bragged about never having changed a diaper! That s crazy. Indeed, Trump made it clear in 2005 that he has never changed a diaper for any of his five kids and claimed that it s because husbands shouldn t do that sort of thing. There s a lot of women out there that demand that the husband act like the wife, and you know, there s a lot of husbands that listen to that. So you know, they go for it. If I had a different type of wife I probably wouldn t have a baby, ya know, cause that s not my thing. I m really, like, a great father, but certain things you do and certain things you don t. It s just not for me. In fact, Trump would rather not do anything to take care of children except provide money. I mean, I won t do anything to take care of them,  he added.  I ll supply funds and she ll take care of the kids. Washington wasn t finished with Trump yet, however, going on to explain that voting for him would against our best interests. There s a bigger problem, which is right now, we are in a political climate where we are being led by the media   no offense  to vote for the loudest candidate and the meanest, bulliest candidate in the playground, and that we are voting based on a cult of personality or a cult of celebrity rather than voting in our own best interest. I think if we really look at policy, voting for Trump is voting against our best interests as Americans as workers, as people of color, as women. Not voting is voting against ourselves. She also explained why she supports Hillary Clinton. I would rather vote for the candidate who is willing to address mistakes, address issues, take responsibility, be accountable, be a part of a changed solution rather than a candidate who continues to perpetuate fear and hate in the present moment. Here s the video via YouTube.Donald Trump can t be trusted do what he says he will do for the country when he can t even be bothered to do those things for the people who work for him.Featured image via screen capture",0
4595, WATCH Rachel Maddow Tear Trump APART For Validating White Supremacists,"Rachel Maddow has a way of cutting to the point with a very sharp knife, and if the point is raw and bloody when she s done, then it deserves to be. On Friday night, Maddow discussed the dangerous, white supremacist views of the alt-right, and how they relate to Donald Trump s campaign. One side of American politics is pulling a drag bar through the sewer tank of what gets flushed out of normal politics. She s right   the fact that white supremacists that think immigration from anywhere other than Europe means white genocide are embracing Trump is extremely telling.She began this particular segment with a clip of Hillary Clinton denouncing Trump and the dangerous alt-right. Those total bigots held a press conference last week, where they discussed the need for a white homeland as though it was the most natural thing on the planet. To them, Trump is their white (emphasis on white) knight in shining armor: [Richard] Spencer [who coined the term  alt-right ] was greeted with much applause by his fans in the room. He elaborated that rather than a multicultural America, his ideal is a white empire. He described his  dream ethno-state  as  a homeland for all Europeans,  which would take an  imperial form. Here s how Trump fits into that, via Mother Jones:Spencer s ideas about race are intertwined with his support for Trump. Spencer explained that he likes Trump s immigration policy, which not only calls for mass deportation of undocumented immigrants but also reduces legal immigration into the country. (Spencer s ideal policy would also favor immigrants from Europe.) But as Spencer put it, it s Trump s more intangible qualities that make him a hero of the alt-right. To Spencer, Trump s brash style suggests a white savoir, unwilling to be bullied by the politically correct crowd. These are the people who love Donald Trump, and that s what Maddow was highlighting in her show this evening. Watch some of it below:They ve made him one of their own because, to them, he hates everyone they hate. He ll make the white race truly superior again. Note that we said  everyone;  that s not by accident. The alt-right wants an actual homeland for white people, because to them, white people are victims, and have totally not forced themselves on other cultures at all: Spencer proposed the following  mantra  for his movement:  Race is real, race matters, and race is the foundation of identity.  The ultimate ideal is that the world be divided into ethno-states so that white people could have a  homeland.' And Trump is directly feeding into that. The fact that those closest to him love Pepe the Frog a symbol co-opted by the alt-right proves that. Pepe the Frog was a symbol for, well, pretty much everything, but now white supremacists use him for their eugenics propaganda. It s sick, it s disgusting, and it needs to stop. These people need to go back to the far fringes where they effing belong.Featured image by Frederick M. Brown/Getty Images",0
4596, ‘Les Deplorables’: This Entrance Proves Donald Trump Has Officially Lost His Damn Mind (VIDEO),"At this point, it is well known that there is no limit to how low Donald Trump will sink. But Friday night, he walked onto the stage and proved that he has gone completely off the deep end, all without even opening his mouth.Remember his grand WWE style entrance at the Republican National Convention? Well, that wasn t sh*t compared to his entrance on Friday night at a rally in Miami. In a sick and twisted parody of Les Miserables, the GOP nominee walked onto the stage with  Do You Hear The People Sing?  blaring across the loudspeakers and this backdrop behind him:No, this is not a joke. No, this is not satire. Yes, this really happened. Yes, this is actually real life.Since Trump has decided to embrace the term  deplorable  as an accurate description himself and his supporters, let s take another look at just who was in Hillary Clinton s now notorious  basket of deplorables,  shall we? You know, just to be grossly generalist, you could put half of Trump s supporters into what I call the basket of deplorables. The racist, sexist, homophobic, xenophobic, Islamaphobic   you name it. And unfortunately there are people like that. And he has lifted them up,  Clinton said at a rally last week.Despite all the fake outrage from the right that Clinton would have the audacity to call them out for what they are,  deplorable,  Trump has now decided to go ahead and use this as another dog whistle to his white supremacist followers. I won t even take the time here to go into the irony of Trump using Les Miserables to bolster his campaign s bigoted message. Instead, I will just draw attention to the fact that Trump just walked on stage and proudly declared himself to be racist, sexist, homophobic, xenophobic, and Islamaphobic.And without a doubt, his racist, sexist, homophobic, xenophobic, Islamaphobic supporters are eating it up. Which also makes it very obvious that it isn t only Trump who has lost his damn mind.Watch Trump s entrance, here:Trump walks out to Les Miserables song with  Les Deplorables  sign behind him pic.twitter.com/8FGLKL3TU5  Nick Corasaniti (@NYTnickc) September 16, 2016Featured image via video screen capture",0
4597, Lawrence O’Donnell Reveals What Would Happen If Trump Retracted A Lie Per Day (VIDEO),"Donald Trump is a liar. This is pretty well-established by now. But on Friday he stopped telling The Big Lie, the one that allowed him to rise to political prominence and the one upon which so much of his initial support was based: Barack Obama is not a U.S. citizen.For years, Trump has harangued the President over his birth certificate, passport, college transcripts, and anything else the billionaire could use to delegitimize the first black President of the United States. The 2016 nominee was, in effect, the leader of the  birthers,  a movement he did not start but gladly latched onto, fueled, and drove forward as he and his cohorts ineffectively but annoyingly attacked Obama.Trump offered no apology. In fact, he spent only about 20 seconds admitting that President Obama was born in the United States,  period. That was one lie. But what if Trump were to retract a lie per day? Could he do it? Would he even live long enough to do so? MSNBC s Lawrence O Donnell tackled the issue on Friday. Pointing out that Trump, via his doctor s shady letter The Donald allowed  Dr. Oz  to look at, was willing to lie about a single inch   adding one inch to his actual height to narrowly avoid being classified as medically obese. Let s just assume Donald Trump is much healthier than he looks. Let s even assume he s taller and thinner than he really is,  O Donnell says, deciding to estimate that Trump would live longer than his father. If Trump lived until 95 years old, he will be around for  another 9,131 days. If Trump were to retract one lie per day for the rest of his life,  he can retract 9,131 lies,  O Donnell points out, but there s a problem. In retracting The Big Lie, he told two more: that Hillary Clinton started the  birther  rumors, and that Trump stopped them through his racist badgering of President Obama. If he does it the way he did it today, the lies of Donald Trump will live after him because as he retracted one lie today he told two more,  O Donnell says.  I think we know that Donald Trump isn t going to retract a lie every day. I think we know that Donald Trump is going to continue to lie every day.  Then he brought it home: I think we know that there is nothing too small for Donald Trump to lie about, including that extra inch of height he decided he needed this week. He will lie about an inch. I think we know there s nothing too big for Donald Trump to lie about, nothing too big, nothing too solemn He will lie about anything. And so I think we know that long after he s gone, long after his name has disappeared from buildings, the lies of Donald Trump will live after him. Watch it below:Featured image via screengrab",0
4598," After Trump Attacked Obama, George Takei Stepped In And Tore Him A New One (TWEETS)","Who doesn t love George Takei   well, aside from Donald Trump at the moment. The Star Trek actor noticed that The Donald attacked President Obama   a man Trump admitted on Friday for the first time to be a legitimate American citizen   for campaigning for Hillary Clinton and, well, let s just say Mr. Sulu wasn t willing to let it slide. Why isn t President Obama working instead of campaigning for Hillary Clinton?  Trump tweeted Tuesday.On Friday, Takei responded, and not in a way that is likely to get him invited to The Donald s home for dinner. As Commander-in-Chief, he is sworn to protect us from threats both foreign and domestic,  Takei wrote.  You, sir, are the latter. Trump as a domestic threat is not exactly off-base. In fact, analysts have determined that the 2016 GOP nominee is a  global  threat. They say that he poses a greater risk than terrorism   coincidentally, one of Donald Trump s favorite fear-mongering talking points.It isn t just President Obama s duty to defend us against threats like Trump. It s all of ours., and we have the most powerful weapon available: the ability to vote. The ability to, as a nation, say  no  to everything Trump represents.Be sure to head to the polls on November 8   the future of our nation depends on it.Featured image via Getty Images (Matt Hayward)/screengrab",0
4599, WATCH This WWII Vet Shame Trump To Hell And Back For Insulting POWs And The Military,"When Trump insulted John McCain for having been captured in Vietnam by saying,  He s not a war hero. He s a war hero because he was captured. I like people who weren t captured, okay?  he insulted and hurt our entire military, and he especially hurt former POWs. He showed no respect for the military whatsoever during that interview.Nobody, except maybe Trump, can deny that being a POW is a harrowing and very traumatic experience. Many, many vets never recover from it, even if they have access to the best help available. Joel Sollender, who served in the U.S. Army in WWII and was captured by the Nazis in 1944, is not thrilled with Trump at all, to put it very mildly. This is what his experience as a prisoner of the Nazis was like: It was mainly hunger and cold, and worrying whether the Germans were going to hurt us again My war is 70 years ago, and yesterday. Watch the whole emotional, powerful video below (and have some tissues ready):On National Prisoners of War Remembrance Day, a POW shares what it means when Trump insults veterans. pic.twitter.com/0dVB5B0gbC  Hillary Clinton (@HillaryClinton) September 16, 2016POWs never stop fighting the war (hell, many vets in general never stop fighting the war), and Sollender s tears during this video prove that beyond doubt. For Trump to insult John McCain because he was a POW was for him to slam a knife into the minds, hearts and souls of every POW we ve ever had.Sollender s tears, and his heartfelt statement, are why Trump ought to be ashamed of himself for what he s said and done with the military. It s not just the statement about McCain. It s also his comparing his sexual conquests to serving in Vietnam (really?!), and saying being sent to a wealthy boarding school makes him feel like he served. He repeatedly attacked a Gold Star family. He got multiple draft deferments during Vietnam. He thinks he can speak to what all those servicemembers experienced because he s slept around and been to a military boarding school?All of that is a hard whack across the face with a two-by-four.Someone who wants to be President of the United States has to have a lot more respect than this. Trump has less than none   it is, and always will be, about his own self-aggrandizement.Featured image via screen capture from embedded video",0
4600, WATCH: Trump From 2011 Was DEFINITELY Sure Obama Wasn’t Born In The USA,"With absolutely no shame or apology, Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump finally admitted to the American public that President Obama was, in fact, born in the United States of America despite his repeated efforts to prove otherwise. It s now not as politically convenient for Trump to still push this issue considering he now has to try to win over the opposing side of the topic.Trump said: President Obama was born in the United States. Period. Now, we want to get back to making America strong and great again. Profound, really. And absolutely pathetic.Here s the thing, though, Trump is full of absolute horseshi*t because he was the Birther-in-Chief back half a decade ago, even going so far as to claim credit for the fact that Obama released his birth certificate. And even after that, Trump still had his many doubts over its authenticity.There s even video of him from 2011 stating how much he believes this is a very valid issue that needs to be looked into. He even went so far as to say calling those who wanted to see the birth certificate  birthers  was  derogatory  because they re actually  on to something. And ever the political opportunist, he said: People love this issue   especially in the Republican Party. So, when you hear Trump say that  President Obama was born in the United States. Period,  remember what he really thought and likely still thinks. You can also tell he s doing it for pandering purposes because he ended his announcement with his damn campaign slogan.Those who haven t caught on to how absolutely smarmy Trump is, need to wake up and wake up fast.Kyle Griffin of MSNBC s Last Word posted the video on Twitter:Trump on birtherism in 2011: ""People love this issue   especially in the Republican Party."" https://t.co/6I6WKsC4DI pic.twitter.com/6eza8loaoN  Kyle Griffin (@kylegriffin1) September 16, 2016Featured image via video screen capture",0
4601, The Entire Congressional Black Caucus Just Stomped All Over Trump’s Birther Remarks (VIDEO),"Donald Trump has finally been convinced that President Obama was indeed born on U.S. soil, or at least that s what he said during a press conference on Friday. What he didn t say was that he was sorry for being a champion of the  birther  movement from the very beginning. Not only did he fail to apologize, he also told an outright lie, claiming that it was Hillary Clinton who first started the rumors of this racist conspiracy theory.On Friday afternoon, the Congressional Black Caucus held a press conference of their own and stomped all over Trump s decision not to apologize. The CBC slammed Trump for living a  life of bigotry  and denounced the GOP nominee as  a two-bit racial arsonist  and a  disgusting fraud. Rep. Jim Clyburn (D-SC) said that Trump has gone way past the racial dog whistling that has been a plague upon American politics for years and is all out  howling. One of the things that we are all used to in this business is dog whistles,  he said.  But the thing that we re not used to  are the howls of wolves. These are howls, these are not whistles. These are in-your-face kinds of efforts on the part of one man  in order to heap indignities on the President of the United States. Rep. Sheila Jackson Lee (D-TX) had even harsher criticisms, accusing Trump of living  a life of bigotry. He has lived a life of bigotry,  she said.  If you view America as a land of value and equality and justice, this man cannot be elected. We as African Americans have had enough. He has debased this election, but more importantly, he has disgraced himself in his lack of respect for the President of the United States of America. Rep. Gregory Meeks (D-NY) condemned Trump for the never ending stream of lies that come out of his anus-shaped mouth. This is not the first time he has lied   he continues to lie,  Meeks fumed.  He s lied and he s divided this country enough. He lied about Muslims, saying he saw thousands of them [celebrating] when the World Trade Center went down. He s lied about Mexicans, he s lied about women, and members of the Congressional Black Caucus are not going to take it anymore. Rep. G.K. Butterfield (D-NC) denounced the Republican nominee nothing more than a  disgusting fraud,  and Rep. Hakeem Jefferies (D-NY) called Trump out as  a two-bit racial arsonist. Watch the Congressional Black Caucus press conference, here:[youtube https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EOJS6VtSCTs]Featured image via video screen capture",0
4602, OOPS: Trump’s Hotel Offers Qurans And Is Furnished With Goods Not Made In The USA,"Donald Trump wanted the press to tour his brand new hotel in Washington D.C., so they did and discovered that he is truly a giant hypocrite.The Republican nominee was hoping to use the press corps as his own personal team of promoters but photographers were the only ones allowed to follow Trump inside the building. And that many cameras came in mighty handy as they captured how big of a liar Trump is when he claims he will  make America great again. American Bridge used their exploration time to find out how Trump furnishes the rooms in his hotel and the answer is definitely not with the help of workers in the United States.As it turns out, the hotel that is supposed to represent the United States capitol around the world is filled with products made in China and the Philippines among multiple other countries.Here s a bunch of photos via Twitter showing how Trump relies heavily on cheap foreign labor.A very classy gold lamp in the new DC Trump Hotel, which just happens to have been made in China, not in the USA. pic.twitter.com/wZAloIuNEu  American Bridge (@American_Bridge) September 16, 2016 This dresser was made in the Philippines, far and away from the USA. pic.twitter.com/MtU7mx9dfc  American Bridge (@American_Bridge) September 16, 2016The king-sized beds inside the suites at the new DC Trump Hotel were   you guessed it   not made in the USA. pic.twitter.com/rH3FBLmjJy  American Bridge (@American_Bridge) September 16, 2016 Even these Trump Hotel branded umbrellas are made in China, not here in the U.S.. pic.twitter.com/aw4q5nj8H8  American Bridge (@American_Bridge) September 16, 2016Inside the Trump Hotel in Washington, DC: bedding made in China, not the USA. pic.twitter.com/lmI5MpBKm4  American Bridge (@American_Bridge) September 16, 2016Did you catch all of that, Trump supporters? Your hero claims that he is going to  make America great  but he can t even be bothered to support American workers by furnishing his hotels with American-made products.And if your blood is not boiling from that revelation, just wait until you read about what Washington Post reporter David Fahrenthold discovered while experiencing what it is like to be a guest in Trump s hotel.Even as Donald Trump vilifies Muslims all over the world and describes Islam as a violent threat to the United States, he actually offers guests a Quran if they want one complete with a prayer rug and a compass directing them towards Mecca. According to Fahrenthold, it was incredibly easy.  Minutes after my call to housekeeping, a pleasant woman arrived with a copy of  The Glorious Qur an  in Arabic and English, along with a brown prayer rug and a compass pointing in the  direction of al Kabaa  in Mecca,  he wrote.When a presidential candidate is using foreign labor to make his products at will while claiming that he will  make America great  that a problem because it means Trump is part of the problem that many of his own supporters are complaining about, the fact that American companies are moving jobs overseas and giving them to foreigners. If Trump really cared about American workers, he would employ them to make his products, not the Chinese.And while Americans have freedom of religion in this country and can practice whatever religion they want, Trump s hotel offering the Quran is also damaging to his own image because he has worked hard to convince his supporters that Islam is an evil religion. If Islam is so evil, why offer the Quran to any hotel guest who requests one?Clearly, Trump s supporters are too blind to see that their candidate is a con artist who is duping them.Featured Image: Getty Images ",0
4603, WATCH: These White Trump Supporters Call Black People Lazy And Then Get Their A**es Handed To Them,"Not long before Donald Trump pathetically admitted that President Obama was born in the United States, two of his white supporters stood outside the Republican nominee s new Washington D.C. hotel and claimed that black people don t work as hard as white people.And that was an incredibly bad idea considering they were standing in a city that would not exist without the back-breaking labor of slaves who built many of the buildings around the city, including the White House.So when these two Trump supporters ran their mouths, Carlos Maza of Media Matters starting filming them just as a black man rode up on his bicycle and informed them of just how wrong they are. You see these buildings down here? Black people built the buildings on slave labor,  he said using Georgetown University as an example.  So a lot of black people have residual anger for their ancestors building this country as free labor. Indeed, white racists would rather pretend black people had nothing to do with constructing our nation s capitol rather than acknowledge that they played a major role.But the man was not finished schooling Trump s supporters. As soon as a white person steps into America, they have an advantage just by being white,  the man pointed out before going on to explain that systemic racism has been built into the system.The Trump fans tried to change the topic by claiming that thousands of Europeans have been killed by Muslims, which is incorrect. Hundreds of Europeans have been killed by terrorists, not true practitioners of Islam.A white people standing by the black man then asked the Trump duo if they have really ever experienced discrimination and they admitted that they haven t.Here s the video via Twitter.Here s a Trump supporter getting schooled on systemic racism after suggesting white people work harder: pic.twitter.com/gbHPkT4A2o  Carlos Maza (@gaywonk) September 16, 2016And yet Donald Trump wonders why black people don t want to vote for him.Featured image via screenshot",0
4604, New Trump Advisor Wants Women To Have Rapist’s Baby – Even If It Kills Her (AUDIO),"Donald Trump might try to tell American voters that he  cherishes  women, but his long, ongoing history of misogyny and oppressive policies prove that the exact opposite is true   and one of his latest moves has just verified this fact even more.The Republican nominee recently made anti-abortion Marjorie Dannenfelser, the president of the Susan B. Anthony List, one of his top domestic policy advisors. Dannenfelser is going to champion Trump s new  pro-life coalition , which Trump just announced while also making several statements about all the misogynistic things he s going to do as President of the United States.While introducing his coalition, Trump also promised that he would get anti-abortion justices into the U.S. Supreme Court, nix funding to Planned Parenthood, promote the Pain-Capable Unborn Child Protection Act and make sure that federal funds couldn t go toward abortion.It should be noted that Dannenfelser was absolutely against Trump at first, and in the beginning of the year had begged Iowa voters to vote for anyone but the business mogul. However, once The Donald was nominated and demonstrated how extreme his views were, Dannenfelser was more than happy to make the pro-life case for Trump.  Without a doubt, she was probably tickled pink when Trump said that women should be  punished  for having abortions a few months ago.Dannenfelser s involvement in Trump s campaign should terrify women and anyone who cares about them   she not only holds some of the most extreme views on abortion and women s health, but opposes women getting abortions in case of rape and incest, as well as cases in which a woman s health is at risk in carrying out a pregnancy. Really, you can t get more anti-woman than forcing a woman to die or be constantly reminded of a traumatic, horrifying experience in order to carry out a pregnancy.Dannenfelser is also massively against Planned Parenthood, an organization that provides safe, accessible and affordable healthcare to millions of women. She even believes that the organization is  sexist  because it primarily focuses on women s health. In an interview, she said: I love men! What about men s health? I mean, do we have anything to say about men s health and the particular health problems that men have? Do we ever talk about the  men s gap  when we re moving into an election? She s an absolutely nutcase and should not be allowed to have any effect on policies. To show just how dangerous Dannenfelser is, here are some recordings of her talking about Planned Parenthood and abortion, via Right Wing Watch:Featured image via WPA Pool and Spencer Platt / Getty Images",0
4605, WATCH: President Obama Doesn’t Give A F*ck About Donald Trump’s Birther Annoucement,"President  Zero F*cks Left  Obama strikes again.Donald Trump addressed his leading role in the birther conspiracy regarding President Obama s birth certificate on Friday, but President Obama isn t impressed.On Thursday, the Republican nominee refused yet again to answer whether he believes that President Obama was born in Hawaii, telling the Washington Post,  I ll answer that question at the right time. I just don t want to answer it yet. Following the interview, Trump s campaign issued a disgusting statement making Donald Trump look like a hero while painting Hillary Clinton as the villain in the story. In 2011, Mr. Trump was finally able to bring this ugly incident to its conclusion by successfully compelling President Obama to release his birth certificate. Mr. Trump did a great service to the President and the country by bringing closure to the issue that Hillary Clinton and her team first raised. The problem is that Hillary and her campaign had nothing to do with the birther conspiracy. As Politifact pointed out when it debunked Trump s claim last year, it was a mere volunteer who started the conspiracy via email. No campaign official, nor Hillary Clinton herself, ever questioned President Obama s citizenship.Donald Trump, however, engaged in a vicious racist witch hunt over President Obama s birth certificate. Trump constantly claimed that President Obama was not an American and that he was born in Kenya. Of course, Trump was utterly humiliated by President Obama when he released his full birth certificate to the public for all to see, even though he did not have to do so.But Trump has refused to personally acknowledge that President Obama is the legitimate Commander-in-Chief and has never apologized for his attacks.On Friday, Trump finally acknowledged that President Obama was born in America, but still didn t apologize. President Barack Obama was born in the United States,  Trump said before adding,  Period. But it doesn t matter what Trump says because President Obama doesn t give a damn about what Trump has to say.When asked about Trump s upcoming announcement prior, President Obama slammed Trump and his birtherism. I m shocked that a question like that would come up at a time when we ve got so many other things to do   well, I m not that shocked actually. It s fairly typical. We got other business to attend to. I was pretty confident about where I was born. I think most people were as well an my hope would be that the presidential election reflects more serious issues than that. Here s the video via Twitter.Obama:  I was pretty confident about where I was born. I think most people were as well.  https://t.co/R7dhUtPg4e https://t.co/HclWVwzYZw  CNN (@CNN) September 16, 2016It s not enough for Donald Trump to acknowledge the truth. He needs to man up and apologize for leading a persecution effort that did much damage and divided this country, especially if he wants any African-Americans to even consider voting for him in November.Featured image via Pete Souza/White House ",0
4606, Jimmy Fallon Tested Donald Trump’s Hair And It Was Just GROSS (VIDEO),"Donald Trump gets a lot of attention for his orange skin and tiny hands, but his most memorable asset is definitely his strange, yellow, combed-over, straw-like hair.Trump s hair has had America mystified for a while, with many claiming that it is a wig or that the Republican nominee uses weaves. Recently, Trump s hair made headlines after it was discovered that The Donald keeps his hair in place with bobby pins. Last night, Jimmy Fallon, host of The Tonight Show, tried to get to the bottom of this phenomenon when he had Trump on his show.After Trump denied that he knew Russian President Vladimir Putin, Fallon asked Trump to fulfill a special request of his. Fallon asked,  Can I mess up your hair? Trump cringed at first, but Fallon promised to  be gentle.  After squirming around in his seat for a few moments, the Republican nominee eventually said: The answer is yes. But the people in New Hampshire where I m going to be in about an hour from now, I hope they re going to understand. Trump then cozied up to Fallon, who reached across his desk and aggressively ran his fingers through Trump s golden strands. Trump s hair flew in all directions, and his scalp was exposed at one point. Trump tried to smile during this, but you could tell he didn t enjoy it by how quickly he tried to put his hair back in place after Fallon was finished. The Associated Press reported that Trump wouldn t let the press take photos of him after Fallon messed up his combover.You can watch Fallon satisfy his curiosity below:Fallon does look like he s having fun, but when you focus in on this one part, it just starts to get disturbing. No one knows just what is in Trump s hair, but Fallon is a brave soul for wanting to find out.Featured image via screen capture",0
4607, WATCH: Joy Reid Points Out That Trump Doesn’t Have The Balls To Bully His Targets In Person,"Ever notice that Donald Trump is more than willing to attack people when they aren t around, but cowardly tucks his tail between his legs when he is face-to-face with them? Joy Reid certainly noticed.During an appearance on the Rachel Maddow Show on Thursday night, Reid pointed out that although Republican nominee Donald Trump brags about being tough when he is bullying people, he acts like a total coward when the people he is trying to bully are in the same room with him.To make her case, Reid brought up the fact that despite Trump declaring that Mexico will pay for his ridiculous wall he was timid during his meeting with the Mexican president. The bully instantly became the coward and it became clear that Trump only pretends to be tough in front of his own supporters.The fact that Trump resumed his pretended toughness and bullying towards Mexico only when he returned to the United States to deliver a speech in Arizona is proof that Trump is all talk and no walk.Furthermore, even though he trashed the black Flint pastor who shut him down during a speech that was becoming too political, he only did it on Fox News. He didn t dare challenge the pastor to her face in front of a crowd of a African-Americans. Once again, the bully shrunk into the coward he is. Donald Trump the blusterer is not the same guy when he is in front of the audience he is insulting when he is in front of the Mexican president,  Reid said.  When he is confronted by anyone, when he is confronted, he backs down and then turns around and tells a story about how tough he was. The more he puts himself in front of audiences of color, the more he shows off he is passive and aggressive. He is only aggressive when he is not in the presence of the person he is bullying. When he gets in front of the person that he previously insulted, he becomes incredibly passive. Here s the video via VidMe.Now that it s established that Trump is a coward, it ll be fun to watch how he reacts when it comes time to debate Hillary Clinton face-to-face. Because he has been bullying her the most.Featured image via screen capture",0
4608," Trump Shows Amazing Disrespect For Media, Brags About Holding Rally Without His Press Corps","During presidential campaigns, it is pretty standard procedure for there to be a press corps that travels with the major party candidates. However, last night, Donald Trump s press corps was late getting to his rally. Instead of doing what any normal, reasonable candidate would do and telling the crowd to wait patiently for the press to arrive, Trump held the rally without them. They got there 3 minutes and 28 seconds before the rally ended. As if that weren t bad enough, Trump actually bragged about snubbing the press, and mocked them for their travel issues: I have really good news for you. I just heard that the press is stuck on their airplane, they can t get here. I love it. They re trying to get here now, they re going to be about 30 minutes late. They called us and said,  Could you wait?  I said,  Absolutely not, let s get going.   The media members on Twitter were not going to let Trump and his campaign get off that easy, though. They took to Trump s own favorite social media platform and slammed the Trump campaign for allegedly screwing around with their travel situation, so that they would miss the rally. They also blasted the candidate himself for not having the same sort of official press pool that Trump s Democratic rival Hillary Clinton   and, indeed, every presidential candidate in modern history prior to Donald Trump   has. Here are just a few of those tweets, via The Hill:Trump doing this rally without his traveling press corps even here is an absurd joke.  Phil Mattingly (@Phil_Mattingly) September 16, 2016This week, Conway said Clinton treats the press like second class citizens. Please note that Trump is speaking right now and we are on a bus  Sopan Deb (@SopanDeb) September 16, 2016Here's another view of Trump's traveling press corps as Trump is on stage in NH pic.twitter.com/xdIqIFrl8m  Noah Gray CNN (@NoahGrayCNN) September 16, 2016And now apparently he's on stage mocking the fact that he started without the press arriving. 2/2 https://t.co/kABvyvUack  Jeremy Diamond (@JDiamond1) September 16, 2016The traveling Trump press saw 3 minutes and 28 seconds of his rally in Laconia.  Nick Corasaniti (@NYTnickc) September 16, 2016This is disgraceful, but hardly surprising. Trump hates the press. In fact, he hates them so much that he has actually banned a multitude of media outlets from having press credentials to cover his rallies, just because he doesn t like what they have to say about him. This is just another new low for Donald Trump and his travesty of a campaign. Hopefully, the media keeps hounding him, and treats him just as badly as he treats them.Featured image via Mark Wallheiser/Getty Images",0
4609, Trump Campaign Issues Grossly Racist Statement Regarding Birther Conspiracies,"The Trump campaign is definitely a racist one, because the guy at the helm of the whole thing, Donald Trump, is a flaming racist. After all, as we all know, Donald Trump s first entrance into mainstream American politics was his very public leading of a charge to prove that President Obama was not born in this country. That issue keeps coming up now, during this campaign, because Trump s surrogates have been all over the television airwaves insisting that he is no longer a birther. However, when Trump himself was asked by the Washington Post whether or not he actually believes that the President is an American, he refused to answer, just giving the standard answer that he no longer discusses the issue.Well, seeing that things were about to get ugly surrounding this, Trump s campaign issued a gross, racist statement full of self-congratulations and outright lies, as if Trump s questioning of the president s birth was in any way a service to the country or in any way appropriate. The statement begins by refusing to admit any wrong doing on the part of Trump and his fellow birthers, and instead suggesting that Trump s racist  show me your papers  campaign was somehow the right thing to do: In 2011, Mr. Trump was finally able to bring this ugly incident to its conclusion by successfully compelling President Obama to release his birth certificate. Mr. Trump did a great service to the President and the country by bringing closure to the issue that Hillary Clinton and her team first raised. Then, Trump spokesman Jason Miller, the despicable goon behind this travesty of a statement, closes the whole thing off by acting like the public questioning of the origins of the first black American president is some kind of golf course deal Trump closed: Inarguably, Donald J. Trump is a closer. Having successfully obtained President Obama s birth certificate when others could not, Mr. Trump believes that President Obama was born in the United States. No, you guys aren t getting off this easy, Miller. The only acceptable response here is to have your candidate say, FROM HIS OWN MOUTH, that he knows that he was wrong, that he is sorry, and that President Obama is an American and a legitimate president. Nothing less will do. Further, you will have to retract this deplorable statement, and admit that everything you have said here is awful, that it was NOT Hillary Clinton s campaign who started or led the birther movement, and that it was Donald Trump himself who gave it legs.I won t hold my breath on any of that, though. After all, Hillary was right: You folks really are a basket of deplorables   and you just got even deplorable with this statement.Featured image via Alex Wong/Getty Images",0
4610," Hillary Talks Taco Trucks, SHREDS Trump, And The Crowd Goes WILD (VIDEO)","Hillary Clinton brought the house down at a gala event held by the Congressional Hispanic Caucus Institute in Washington, D.C. Speaking after President Obama, Clinton referenced the verbal abuse and indignities targeted towards Latino Americans by the anti-immigrant Trump campaign.Then as an aside, Clinton said,  I personally think a taco truck on every corner sounds absolutely delicious,  and the audience went wild.Clinton: ""I personally think a taco truck on every corner sounds absolutely delicious"" https://t.co/UYpqI3w42L https://t.co/zTBXjkWoAg  CNN (@CNN) September 16, 2016The comment was in reference to a statement by a Trump campaign surrogate representing  Latinos for Trump,  in an appearance on MSNBC s All In. Marco Gutierrez stunned guest host Joy Reid, with its insensitivity. My culture is a very dominant culture,  the Mexican-born Marco Gutierrez said on MSNBC s  All In With Chris Hayes.   It is imposing and it s causing problems. If you don t do something about it, you re going to have taco trucks on every corner. Gutierrez was widely ridiculed, and many on social media like Twitter pointed out that in fact they would love to have a taco truck nearby   tacos are one of the most popular food items in the United States, as the ubiquitous Taco Bell chain would indicate.Democrats took the absurd taco truck comment and began using it to make fun of the Trump campaign. In some locations, taco trucks have now been used as part of voter registration drives in order to get new voters to the polls in November.Trump s anti-immigrant campaign, specifically targeted at Latino immigrants, is expected to prompt an increase in voter registration and participation within the Latino community. The fastest growing ethnic demographic in the United States, Latinos were once seen by the Republican Party in the era of George W. Bush as a route to electoral dominance. Since then, the GOP has instead embraced a hard-right nativist stance, opposing immigration reform even when it has strong popular support.By contrast, Democrats have now completely taken up the mantle of being pro-immigrant.Featured image via screen capture",0
4611," Trump Sticks To Racist Birther Conspiracy Theory, Won’t Admit Obama Born In USA","Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump refused to admit that his belief and promotion of the racist and inaccurate birther conspiracy theory was wrong. The candidate doubled down on the false idea that has been promoted by conservatives for almost a decade now in an interview with the Washington Post:In the interview, conducted late Wednesday aboard his private plane as it idled on the tarmac here, Trump suggested he is not eager to change his pitch or his positions even as he works to reach out to minority voters, many of whom are deeply offended by his long-refuted suggestion that Obama is not a U.S. citizen. Trump refused to say whether he believes Obama was born in Hawaii. I ll answer that question at the right time. I just don t want to answer it yet,  Trump said.When asked about claims in the media from campaign manager Kellyanne Conway that he is no longer a birther, Trump told the paper,  It s okay. She s allowed to speak what she thinks. I want to focus on jobs, I want to focus on other things. He added,  I don t talk about it anymore. Trump has been promoting the birther conspiracy since 2011, and has never renounced it in the ensuing 5 years. He is on the verge of 2,000 straight days of supporting the conspiracy.President Barack Obama was born in Honolulu, Hawaii, on August 4, 1961. His birth there has been certified at the federal level when he was first elected to the U.S. Senate in 2004 and when he was elected President of the United States in November 2008.Despite this, as the first black president in U.S. history, conservatives have consistently pushed the idea that Obama is not a natural-born citizen and instead was born in Kenya, where his father is from. The story is completely false, but has been a running theme in conservative politics.Trump was the most prominent and well-known person pushing the conspiracy theory, and even since running for president, has never renounced nor condemned it.Featured image via Flickr",0
4612, Columnist Wins The Internet With Priceless Answer To Hillary-Hater’s Silly Question (TWEET),"Rex Huppke, of the Chicago Tribune, is not exactly known for his formality or reverence toward pretty much anything. He also voices a lot of support for Hillary Clinton in his columns. There are probably a lot of readers who take him to task for that, but one apparently stood out to him, and he just had to highlight it on Twitter.This person asked,  Rex, are you being paid by the Clinton Crime Family Foundation? Here s Huppke s answer:Reader email:  Rex, are you being paid by the Clinton Crime Family Foundation? My response: pic.twitter.com/32XXb2TgRe  Rex Huppke (@RexHuppke) September 15, 2016Well, that s pretty much all of the right s major conspiracy theories and fear-filled talking points right there. He did forget the one where Hillary and Obama are coming to take everyone s guns, but that can be overlooked. The  Hail Hydra!  finishes this answer off with a nice, neat little bow.There s nothing the Hillary-haters love more than a good conspiracy theory. Can t find solid evidence that she s a criminal? It s because she and her husband have paid everyone off. She s coughing and has pneumonia? She s covering up a brain tumor, brain damage and Parkinson s, if she s not outright dead and has a body double doing her appearances for her. People disappear out of the public eye? Obviously, Hillary had them murdered.She s close to her assistant, Huma Abedin, so they must be secret lesbian lovers. And of course, the conspiracy-mongers are still Benghazhingly Benghaziing their Benghazist Benghazis, which spawned the entire email scandal, which is another conspiracy theory of its own.A lot of this is being fueled by Donald Trump himself, because he actually encourages this type of thinking among his loyal subjects. He loves conspiracy theories too   he s the one who put the birther movement into the spotlight. He also claimed that Ted Cruz s father may have helped assassinate John F. Kennedy. One of his favorite phrases seems to be,  Something s going on,  and he declares loudly that we must find out what it is, which adds fuel to the fire.While it s not clear whether Huppke responded to a Trumpkin or a left-wing Hillary-hater, the truth is that the line between the two is increasingly blurred. Huppke replied to that conspiracy-filled question in the only way that works.Featured image via Twitter",0
4613, Libertarians Want Security Briefings – Maybe Then Gary Johnson Would Know What Aleppo Is,"Libertarians are convinced that their presidential ticket should be getting security briefings too, just like the Democrats and the Republicans. Why? Because they seem to think there is some possible scenario where they could come out on top in November.Donald Trump and Hillary Clinton began receiving security briefings shortly after they officially became the nominees for their respective parties. Apparently, poor Gary Johnson is feeling left out.Even though it is uncommon for third party candidates to get these kinds of briefings, it wouldn t be a first. The last third party candidate to receive security briefings was John Anderson, an Independent, in 1980. And now, the Libertarian Party thinks that Johnson and his running mate, former Massachusetts Gov. Bill Weld, should be eligible to receive security briefings, too.Libertarian National Chairman Nicholas Sarwark wrote a letter to the General Service Administration (GSA) on Thursday, arguing that the Libertarian candidates should be getting national security briefings since they are on the ballot in all 50 states. Even the federal government is in the business of attempting to pre-select voters  choices for President and Vice-President. Three tickets will be on the ballot in all 50 states and the District of Columbia, but only two are receiving taxpayer-funded national security briefings. That is just wrong, and we urge the GSA to provide the same information to Governor Johnson that is being given to Mr. Trump and Sec. Clinton. The Presidential Transition Act of 1963 makes it so that all presidential candidates are able to receive security briefings, including third party candidates. However, the law also says that the candidates must have a  significant level of public support  in national polls and need to be  realistically  thought to have a chance at winning the presidency.Even though Johnson s name will be on the ballot in all 50 states, he s only polling at 8.3 percent. Which is not enough  public support  to get him onto the debate stage, let alone the White House. So I m not sure how  realistic  the possibility of a Johnson presidency actually is.On the other hand, perhaps a national security briefing or two would be good for Johnson. Maybe they could tell him what the heck Aleppo is.Featured image via George Frey/Getty Images",0
4614, This Tidbit Buried Inside Trump’s ‘Medical Report’ Proves He’s Paranoid As F*ck,"On Thursday, Donald Trump appeared on the Dr. Oz Show for what was basically a scripted series of softball questions. He was armed with a doctor s report from his already suspect doctor, Dr. Harold Bernstein, who months ago made the ridiculous assertion that Trump would be the  healthiest individual ever elected. This time, the report was a bit more detailed, but who knows if it s accurate. It showed his cholesterol and blood pressure as normal. He also had high hormone levels (I m sure Trump wanted that included) and for the most part, things are good, according to Trump s doctor, but he is overweight. In other words, it was a pretty boring report, except for one tiny little tidbit that was barely mentioned by any media sources. Donald Trump is nuts.Now, I m not a psychologist and I ve never met the man, so that s why I ve used the very non-clinical word of  nuts,  but trust me when I say he s Howard Hughes nuts. He s Kim Jon-Un nuts. He, like so many dictator wannabes, is paranoid as f*ck!Trump loves fast food and ironically despises finger food. McDonald s is his favorite. He loves fast food because  at least you know  what s in it? Really? What exactly is in a McDonald s hamburger?Per an audience member at Dr. Oz taping with Trump, he said he likes fast food because  at least you know what they are putting in it.  Jesse Rodriguez (@JesseRodriguez) September 14, 2016He also thinks that his gesticulating at campaign events counts as exercise.Back to the fast food. He might  know what s in it,  but he s really afraid of what people might put in it if they know it s for him.Trump admitted to Oz that he does eat a fair amount of fast food when he s on the road campaigning, and that the person who picks it up is told not to tell the restaurant it is for him because he worries the food may be tampered with.Source: WHIOHitler also felt his food would be tampered with. In fact, that seems to be a common theme among dictators. Hitler hired a team of 15 food tasters. If, after 45 minutes, the tasters were still alive, Hitler would eat. Trump didn t mention whether he has his staff taste his food but it s not even unheard of among recent U.S. Presidents. It s reported that Ronald Reagan and George W. Bush had food tasters. Fox also tried to make it seem as if Obama does, while there s no evidence. Sarah Palin once suggested that Trump get a food taster; at least we think she did. Maybe that s Chris Christie s job.Maybe Trump isn t paranoid as much as being realistic. He s managed to insult every single demographic in the United States, except for his base of middle aged, poorly educated white men. There are probably millions of restaurant employees who would love to add just a little something to Trump s food. Fortunately for him, most just do their jobs.Featured image via DonkeyHotey/Flickr",0
4615, Elizabeth Warren Has Found BREATHTAKING Hypocrisy In FBI’s Treatment Of Hillary’s Emails,"Buckle up. Elizabeth Warren, continuing her crusade for the little guy, wrote a letter to FBI director James Comey over their transparency with Hillary s emails, because they didn t have that same transparency when investigating the big banks. In fact, they usually don t release anything when there s no indictment. They changed their standards for releasing information with Hillary, and Warren wants to know why that same standard can t be used on Wall Street executives. Your recent actions with regard to the investigation of former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton provide a clear precedent for releasing additional information about the investigation of the parties responsible for the financial crisis These new standards present a compelling case for public transparency around the fate of the FCIC referrals. If Secretary Clinton s email server was of sufficient  interest  to establish a new FBI standard of transparency, then surely the criminal prosecution of those responsible for the 2008 financial crisis should be subject to the same level of transparency. She s more than right; if Hillary s emails are of sufficient interest to release as much information as possible, then why isn t the information on those who have been proven to cause harm to millions of Americans by crashing the economy of the same interest? It should actually be of bigger interest than the witch hunt against Hillary.The FBI initially released information in response to several FOIA requests from the press, and sent more material to Congress. However, they didn t send over every last, little, tiny bit. The chairman of the House Oversight Committee, Jason Chaffetz (R-UT), incensed that they d spurn him like that, subpoenaed the full file earlier this week.Republicans all over Congress are pitching a hell of a tantrum over the FBI not releasing every last scrap of paper, but they really couldn t care less that the FBI didn t release anything after the Department of Justice decided not to prosecute eleven bankers that had a hand in destroying the economy. Why?Simple. When it s Hillary Clinton, everything has to be changed. She must be guilty of something; Republicans and Hillary-haters know things. When it s people who actually harmed America, though? Meh. Not that important why nobody was prosecuted. Here s hoping that Warren s letter has an impact on Comey, because we deserve to know exactly why bankers weren t prosecuted.Featured image by Jessica Kourkounis/Getty Images",0
4616," Harry Reid UNLEASHES Anti-Trump Rant On Senate Floor, Calls Him A ‘Human Leech’ (VIDEO)","Senate Minority Leader Harry Reid has it out for Republican nominee Donald Trump.On Thursday on the Senate floor, Senator Reid (D-Nev.) unleashed a rant against the business mogul with a bitterness that makes you wonder just how long he had been holding it in. Reid is approaching retirement as January draws near, and it s clear that the Democratic leader wants America to understand just how important it is to make sure that the country isn t left in Trump s little, orange, greedy hands.Making reference to a Newsweek article that questions the Trump Organization s international business ties and suggests that a President Trump could be disastrous for national security, Reid called Trump  a spoiled brat  and  a notorious con artist  whose questionable, scammy business practices would only spill over into his administration if he becomes President. Reid said: Let s be clear about Donald Trump. He s a spoiled brat, raised in plenty, who inherited a fortune, used his money to make more money, and he did a lot of it by swindling working men and women. Why would he change as president? The answer is simple. Trump won t change. He is asking us to let him get rich scamming America. Donald Trump is only trying to help one person   Donald Trump.   If given the opportunity, Donald Trump will turn America into a big scam, just like Trump University. Reid also raised some eyebrows by calling Trump a  human leech. Trump is a human leech, who will bleed the country and sit at his golf resort laughing at the money he has made. You can watch Reid s amazing anti-Trump rant below: Reid s rant is pretty epic and judging from his other statements about Trump, there s probably many more Trump disses on the way before his retirement. Just earlier this week, Reid attacked Trump for insulting Democratic nominee Hillary Clinton s health by calling Trump fat and drawing attention to his own unhealthy lifestyle. Reid said: Take a look at this character that s running for president. He complains about her health? What does he do? He s 70 years old, he s not slim and trim, he brags about eating fast food every day. Look at his health a little bit. Let s just say we hope Harry Reid keeps this up!Featured image via Alex Wong / Getty Images",0
4617, Respected Forensic Pathologist Suggests Trump And Putin Might Actually Be POISONING Hillary (TWEETS),"Hillary Clinton shocked America a few days ago when she was forced to leave the 9/11 memorial in New York City early, only to have her campaign announce that the former Secretary of State had been diagnosed with pneumonia shortly after.While Dr. Bennet Omalu isn t a household name for many of us, Omalu is the well-respected forensic pathologist and neuropathologist that was responsible for discovering chronic traumatic encephalopathy (CTE) in dead NFL players. This discovery made Omalu an inspiration for the NFL film Concussion where Omalu s character was played by actor Will Smith.With that being said, when a famous doctor gives his medical opinion, people are going to pay attention   and when Omalu weighed in on Clinton s illness last Sunday, it definitely raised some eyebrows. Omalu tweeted that he sensed there was a possibility that Clinton was being poisoned  by none other than her political rival, Donald Trump, and his best friend Russian President Vladimir Putin. He tweeted: I must advice the Clinton campaign to perform toxicologic analysis of Ms. Clinton s blood. It is possible she is being poisoned. TwitterA little less than an hour later, Omalu followed his statement up with a second tweet announcing just who he thought might be behind Clinton s illness. He said: I do not trust Mr. Putin and Mr. Trump. With those two all things are possible. TwitterWhile it s been a common thought that Putin and Trump might be working together, the suggestion that they might be poisoning Clinton has certainly never been publicly stated before. Twitter reacted to Omalu s thoughts with some skepticism, however Omalu s credentials and tenacity are well-known and people are interested in what he has to say.Interestingly enough, the man who has something to say about anything and everything has yet to respond to this accusation. Trump has been oddly silent about Omalu s tweets.What do you think of Omalu s suggestion?Featured image via Pete Marovich / Getty Images",0
4618, Heckler Screams ‘F*ck Hillary’ At Clinton Rally – And She Just Laughs At Him (VIDEO),"Sometimes you ve got to laugh   especially if you re the Democratic nominee, who is currently facing down a level of unbridled hatred that rivals all previous presidential candidates with the exception of Barack Obama. Recently, Hillary contracted pneumonia   or, if you listen to our friends on the Right, she s on her deathbed and completely unfit to serve as President because reasons. The downright comical reaction to this, coupled with the numerous right-wing anti-Hillary witch hunts like Benghazi and the manufactured controversy over her emails, is enough to give one a chuckle   but it s even more fun when one of the ignoramuses who subscribe to such ridiculous notions stops by one of her rallies to tell the Democratic nominee how he really feels about her.As Hillary spoke to a crowd in Greensboro, North Carolina, a heckler screamed: F*ck Hillary. Hillary s reaction was priceless. As the crowd cheered for her and  Hillary  chants broke out, a grin formed on the face of the former Secretary of State, quickly turning into a chuckle then a full-blown laugh. Now, I just want to have a conversation and other people can wave their arms and their signs,  she said after the moment passed, going back into her speech like nothing happened as the heckler was escorted out.Interestingly, she didn t order her supporters to attack the man. She didn t lash out, she didn t insult him. She respected his right to display a dissenting opinion. This is something you would never see at a Trump rally, where the 2016 nominee s  basket of deplorables  regularly beat protesters   especially the elderly and minorities   senseless for expressing themselves.Vote for the candidate who can keep her cool in November   the future of our nation depends on it.Watch the incident below: Featured image via screen capture",0
4619, WATCH: Flint Pastor Who Shut Trump Down Hits Back With Grace And Class After He Insults Her,"If Donald Trump thought he was going to get away with calling the pastor of the black church he visited in Flint, Michigan a  nervous mess,  he was dead wrong. Pastor Faith Green-Timmons is a strong woman and rock in her community. She didn t let Trump get away with trying to use her church as a platform to attack Democratic nominee Hillary Clinton, and, as he always done when he feels embarrassed or attacked, Trump went on Fox News and trashed Pastor Green-Timmons. That isn t all, either   Trump flat-out lied about what happened while he was at the church and how his visit was received.Well, this pastor was the wrong one for Trump to decide to start another one of his personal feuds with. Refusing to sink to Trump s pattern of low-road insults when there is any sort of conflict whatsoever, Pastor Green-Timmons had this to say regarding Trump s remarks and her interruption of his statements in her church: They had plans to make it a little more than they originally said, and I said,  No, you re going to stick to the original plan. And so when he asked to come in to make a statement and the statement began to go beyond what he originally said, I asked him to stick to what he said. You came here to welcome our workers and thank them for what they have done and that s what he stuck to. So, in other words, Trump wanted to do things his way, and he got shut down by a strong black lady pastor and he can t stand it. Pastor Green-Timmons continued: When I heard from the Trump camp that they wanted to come by and see that we give out water, we give out foods that help mitigate lead and asked if he could come   all are welcome. It s a public event. Then, Pastor Green-Timmons turned her attentions to some of Trump s more bigoted and insulting statements regarding African-Americans and others. Still, despite the horrible things Trump has said, this lady continued to show class: I wanted him to see the best of Flint in the sense that we re an educated congregation. Some of the statements that I ve heard him make about African-Americans, Mexicans and others were degrading. I wanted him to see intelligent people, loving people, caring people, who have done well with the resources that they had. Exactly. Trump speaks about minority communities in some of the most bigoted, ignorant, and insulting language imaginable, and this pastor just wanted to give him a chance to see some educated, thriving black people who are not out joining gangs and getting shot on every street corner. The thing is, though, Trump will continue to hold on to his racist opinions, for he is incapable of changing them. It s too bad this pastor wasted her wisdom, time, and space on such a disgraceful person.Watch Pastor Green-Timmons speak below:Flint Pastor Rev. Faith Green Timmons explains why she interrupted @realDonaldTrump speech #TrumpInFlint pic.twitter.com/jtfqBwb00g  Cameron Ridle (@CameronRidle) September 14, 2016Featured image via video screen capture",0
4620," GOP Rep. Makes IMPOSSIBLY Asinine Demand Of FBI, Proving How Desperate GOP Is To Nab Hillary","After eleventy billion investigations into Hillary Clinton, her handling of Benghazi, and the whole brouhaha over her emails, the GOP is getting desperate. The FBI has been giving emails to the House Oversight Committee, and one Republican congressman is very unhappy about the way they re doing it.He wants to know just one simple thing   why do the FBI s document releases coincide with federal holidays?Yes, that s an actual, official question that Rep. Michael Turner (R-OH) asked FBI director James Comey about how they re releasing information: Please explain how the FBI s procedures for processing documents and information to the public coincide with these Federal holidays, and how those procedures could be improved to ensure greater public awareness, and reduce the appearance of political motivations. The FBI told the House that it would release information and documents as they became available, no matter the day of the week. They had to know that could include weekends and holidays. Some information was released over the Independence Day weekend (but not Independence Day itself), and more was released over the Labor Day weekend (but not Labor Day itself). Coincidence, yes, but intentional? Turner needs a lot more than that to accuse the FBI of playing politics.There are no words for how laughably nonsensical this is.Really, Turner s attempt to make this look like a political ploy on the part of the FBI is, in fact, a political ploy on his part, carried out on behalf of the Republicans who are terrified of Hillary.When the FBI decided not to press charges against Hillary for mishandling classified info, the House decided to open a new investigation into whether she lied under oath. Anything to prove that she s a criminal in presidential clothing. They also pushed to re-open the investigation into her private server recently, and there s a huge push to investigate whether there were improper dealings between the Clinton Foundation and the Department of State.If they have a legitimate case, they should pursue it in a legitimate manner. Posing this kind of a question to the FBI just shows that they re more scared of Hillary than they re trying to let on.Featured image by Alex Wong/Getty Images",0
4621, Trump Told An Incest Joke About Ivanka So Creepy Dr. Oz Was Forced To Edit It Out (VIDEO),"To most people watching Trump s disastrous appearance on quack pseudo-doctor, Dr. Oz s show, the appearance was simply an attempt by Trump to prove he s healthy by releasing no information whatsoever. But did you know he also   again   joked about having relations with his daughter?The remarks were edited out of the final copy, but journalists who were there for the taping certainly noticed it was missing.So, uh, looks like the producers of ""The Dr. Oz Show"" cut out the awkward comments from Oz and Trump about fathers kissing daughters  Jenna Johnson (@wpjenna) September 15, 2016The Dr. Oz show edited out #Trump's comments on kissing daughter Ivanka as often as possible. #TrumponOz  Michelle Fay Cortez (@FayCortez) September 15, 2016So what, exactly, did Trump say? Dr. Oz said when Ivanka Trump came on stage,  It s nice to see a dad kiss his daughter,  reported NBC s Peter Alexander.  Trump responded that he kisses her every chance he gets. Combined with Trump s numerous other sexual remarks about his daughter, this was just too much for Dr. Oz, who edited the statement out of the show entirely in an apparent effort to save Trump the embarrassment of once again proving himself to be the  incest candidate. I ve said if Ivanka weren t my daughter, perhaps I d be dating her,  Trump once said of Ivanka on  The View.  Prior to that, he bragged to Howard Stern about Ivanka s body. More recently, he told GQ: She s really something, and what a beauty, that one. If I weren t happily married and, ya know, her father And, of course, he once said on a talk show that what he and Ivanka have most in common is  sex. Add that to creepy photos of the two like you see below and it s very clear that the Trump family is a mess.A picture of Donald Trump, with his daughter Ivanka, perched atop two concrete parrots having sex. pic.twitter.com/TFse8gM1An  Tim Ireland (@bloggerheads) January 31, 2016Creepy Trump family is creepy. pic.twitter.com/I1SL6gnnsi  Kyle Foley (@KFoleyFL) September 15, 2016Excellent @HuffingtonPost Ivanka Trump feature. Also, this photo is creepy AF: https://t.co/UEgD3FBsOX pic.twitter.com/gktyJE5Km8  Marlow Stern (@MarlowNYC) September 7, 2016This is that creepy photo of #Trump in bed with Ivanka. pic.twitter.com/QNYjipw9qO  Hillary 2016 (@KathyNeeds) August 22, 2016He s also been known to openly fantasize about another daughter s breasts   when she was one year old.Donald Trump is gearing up to face one of his alleged rape victims in court   a woman who was only 13 years old when she says   in too much detail for it to be ignored   Trump violently raped her and another girl younger than she was.This is the GOP candidate, people. This man might be our next President. Think about that and be sure to vote BLUE in November.Watch one of the many, many times Trump has  joked  about banging his daughter below:Featured image via Twitter",0
4622, Campaign In Damage Control Mode After Trump Jr. BUSTED Joking About Holocaust (AUDIO),"If there s one rule in politics, it s that you never, ever, ever, ever, ever, ever, ever, ever, ever, EVER joke about the Holocaust   but Donald Trump Jr. apparently didn t get that memo from his white supremacist friends.Sure, Trump Jr. follows numeroous prominent white supremacists on Twitter, gives interviews to Nazi talk shows, and (like his father) retweets the meth-fueled  white power  crowd like it s going out of style (without realizing that that sort of thing went out of style before Twitter was a thing), but no one really expected him to just joke about the Holocaust   after all, even most Nazis display more tact. The media has been her number one surrogate in this. Without the media, this wouldn t even be a contest, but the media has built her up,  Trump Jr said in an interview with Chris Stigall on Talk Radio 1210 WPHT in which he explained that if Republicans lied like Hillary Clinton   whose fact-checked statements reveal she actually tells the truth most of the time, unlike Donald Trump   there would be hell to pay:They ve let her slide on every indiscrepancy (sic), on every lie, on every DNC game trying to get Bernie Sanders out of this thing. If Republicans were doing that, they d be warming up the gas chamber right now. After the interview, Trump told NBC News that he was referencing corporal punishment, not the Holocaust, though he did not state what form of  corporal punishment  involves  gas chambers  aside from, you know, gas chambers. Like all those times Trump Jr. and his father have retweeted white supremacist imagery and propaganda, he says that this was not the least bit anti-Semitic.Hear it for yourself below: Featured image via Getty Images/Jeff Swensen",0
4623," Paul Ryan Has A Request For Donald Trump, And Trump’s Campaign Won’t Like It AT ALL","House Speaker Paul Ryan sold his soul the day he endorsed Donald Trump to be president of the United States. It was clear that he was just being a spineless, cowardly weasel when he did so, as he did it under cover of a big policy speech by Democratic nominee Hillary Clinton. Ever since then, Ryan s relationship with Trump has been frosty at best, and they have never appeared on stage together.During a weekly press briefing, Ryan got the one question everyone has been asking: Why hasn t Donald Trump released his tax returns? This is especially pressing right now, as Newsweek just printed a damning story that shows that should Donald Trump become president, the Trump Organization s rather dubious web of international ties would endanger the national security of the United States of America. With that revelation, it is even more imperative than ever that the American electorate sees Trump s tax returns. Hell, even George W. Bush s ethics lawyer said that these ties are a, quote,  serious problem. Therefore, Ryan finally caved and said Trump s returns need to be made public. First, he referenced his own releasing of his taxes when he ran for Vice President: I did release my returns. I ll defer to Donald Trump as to when he thinks the appropriate time to release his returns. I know he is under audit, and he has an opinion on when to release those and I ll defer to him on that. He then hedged, though, because he is a coward who is afraid of upsetting Trump s supporters, and said: I released mine. I think he should release his. I ll leave it to him when to do it. No, Speaker Ryan, you need to get forceful with this. We need the returns NOW. With all of the shadiness surrounding Trump s business dealings and ties to nefarious characters around the world, this is vital information for the nation and world to know. Trump is trying to run the clock out on this one, to keep the voting public from knowing just what he gets up to. Do your job, and DEMAND Trump s tax returns.Featured image via Win McNamee/Getty Images",0
4624, ‘Christian’ Pastor Gets BUSTED In Arizona For Molesting Children For Decades,"An Arizona pastor used his position to get close to children for decades so he could rape them   and now he has finally been arrested by law enforcement.Jose Vicente Morales of the Iglesia Impacto De Fe church in Phoenix was arrested at his home on September 9th and charged with sexual abuse, child molestation and sexual conduct with a minor, one of whom he  married  when the girl was 10 years old and impregnated when she was 13 years old.According to ABC 15:Court records show that 49-year-old Jose Vicente Morales had been molesting children for years; he impregnated one of the victims when she was 13 years of age.In the ongoing investigation, police report Morales may have molested or sexually assaulted at least five victims who were either church members or known to Morales outside of the church setting.Multiple victims have come forward, including a teen who says the pastor lured her into a home and and sexually assaulted her and another who says he molested her from the time she was seven until she turned 12.Thus far, Morales  church has not responded to the arrest and charges.But when they finally get around to doing so, hopefully they will not blame the victims like the Columbia Road Baptist Church in North Olmsted, Ohio did earlier this month when they demanded that a teenage girl apologize to the wife of the youth pastor who raped her repeatedly.Churches are an easy target for rapists and pedophiles because working in that setting, especially as a pastor, provides them instant access to potential victims who are more likely to trust them.That s why it is so important for churches to perform background checks and for parishioners to be cautious. Not all pastors are predators, but these incidents have happened far too often to trust someone entirely.Featured image via Wikimedia",0
4625, Ivanka Trump Whines After Interviewer Points Out That Her Dad Thinks Pregnancy Is Bad For Business,"Ivanka Trump s maternity leave plan hit a wall during an interview with Cosmopolitan when she was asked about her father s belief that pregnant women are an inconvenience.Republican nominee Donald Trump is clearly pandering to women by suddenly coming out in support of paid maternity leave in a desperate ploy to get women to vote for him.As it stands, over 70 percent of women view Trump unfavorably and Hillary Clinton would win the women s vote by an even wider margin than President Obama did in 2012.So, Trump is hoping that women will automatically switch their allegiance to him if he offers maternity leave to the country, something he hasn t even offered to his own female employees unless their name is Ivanka Trump.According to the Huffington Post:Employees at the Trump SoHo, New York and Miami hotels, as well as the Mar-a-Lago Club in Florida, all said that they do not offer workers paid maternity leave. Instead, they said that the company complied with the Family and Medical Leave Act, a federal law that requires companies to give employees up to 12 weeks of unpaid time off for the adoption or birth of a child.That little hypocrisy combined with The Donald s past comments about women and pregnancy is exactly why Ivanka s interview with Cosmopolitan was so disastrous.Prachi Gupta asked Trump s daughter about a remark he made back in 2004 when he called pregnancy an inconvenience to business. It s certainly an inconvenience for a business,  he said.  And whether people want to say that or not, the fact is it is an inconvenience for a person that is running a business. Donald Trump said that pregnancy is an inconvenient thing for a business,  Gupta informed Ivanka.  It s surprising to see this policy from him today. Can you talk a little bit about those comments, and perhaps what has changed? Ivanka responded by accusing Gupta of being negative and then bragged about how her dad is a champion for women in the workplace. So I think that you have a lot of negativity in these questions, and I think my father has put forth a very comprehensive and really revolutionary plan to deal with a lot of issues. So I don t know how useful it is to spend too much time with you on this if you re going to make a comment like that. My father obviously has a track record of decades of employing women at every level of his company, and supporting women, and supporting them in their professional capacity, and enabling them to thrive outside of the office and within. To imply otherwise is an unfair characterization of his track record and his support of professional women. So the policies at our company reflect that, and the diversity of our workforce, from a gender perspective, and in all perspectives, reflects that. So my father has been a great advocate for the women in the workforce, and that s part of why he recognized that reform is so necessary. Except that Trump doesn t even offer women paid maternity leave at his own hotels and resorts. Instead they have to take unpaid leave and even to get that they have to use vacation and sick days. In other words, in order for a new mother to get unpaid leave, she would have to sacrifice her paid vacation and sick days to get it.When pressed, Ivanka claimed ignorance of the comments. Well, here s the video of Trump saying it via NBC.Ivanka then cut the interview short rather than stick around any longer to answer hard questions.Donald Trump does not care about women. He is only pretending to because he wants their votes. If he gets elected there is no way he would fight for paid maternity leave. It would require him to give it to all of his female employees and he won t do that because it would mean having to give up money that could go towards buying himself a gold-plated toilet or another luxury jet.If he really cared about women he wouldn t have been treating them like shit over all these years and he wouldn t be treating them like shit now. But Trump thinks women are stupid and that they ll support him just because he suddenly supports a policy that he has always opposed.Featured image via screen capture",0
4626, WATCH: Trump Gets His Deplorable A** Handed To Him By Keith Olbermann,"Hillary Clinton was wrong to say that half of Donald Trump s supporters are deplorable. Because it s more like 100 percent, says Keith Olbermann.As you may already know, the former MSNBC host is back with a brand new gig just in time for the election and he is not holding back.On Thursday, GQ s special political correspondent laid on the smack down on the Republican nominee for whining about Hillary s remark while simultaneously wearing it like a badge of honor.Beginning by noting how Mike Pence refuses to even call racist Ku Klux Klan leader David Duke a deplorable person, Olbermann soon mocked Trump for deciding that he should release his medical records to Dr. Oz  because Doctor Who is not filming locally. Of course, Trump chickened out at the last minute and decided not to release his records.Getting back to Trump s deplorables, Olbermann mentioned the pair of violent episodes seen at Trump rallies recently, one in which a Trump supporter grabbed a man by his neck and punched him and another in which a Trump supporter decked a 69-year-old woman and sent her crashing into her oxygen tank.Olbermann pointed out that it s still a kinder and gentler crowd because Trump s supporters  aren t all wearing the same colored shirts yet. Olbermann then went through Hillary s list of Trump s deplorable supporters, which includes racists, sexists, homophobes, Islamophobes, and xenophobes. He named names like Carl Paladino and Robert Jeffress and aired what they have said about black people, gays, and Muslims. These are campaign leaders, surrogates, friends of Mr. Trump,  Olbermann said.  If they re not talking to a basket full of deplorables, who are they talking to? Why would you have them there? You say stuff like that at work, you get fired. But Trump welcomes those who hate and is just fine with them spewing their hate out loud.In the end, Olbermann slammed every Trump supporter, including those who are not racist, sexist, etc If you support Trump. If you think he should be president regardless of how much he and his advocates hate and mock and punch old women with portable oxygen canisters. If you re not condemning this madness and repudiating these deplorable people and you are not racist, not sexist, not homophobic, not xenophobic, or not Islamophobic. If you re supporting him not for those things but in spite of them, you are even more deplorable. The correct number, Secretary Clinton, is not 50 percent, it s 100. Here s the video via YouTube.It s so good to have Keith Olbermann back.Featured image via screen capture",0
4627," Surprise, Surprise: Trump Lied About What Happened When He Visited A Black Church In Flint","Donald Trump visited Flint, Michigan on Wednesday. Of course, that city is the place where is a crisis regarding having unusable water due to dangerously high lead levels and pipes that need to be replaced. While there, Trump toured a water plant and visited a Black church, where he pretended to care about the community, which is mostly poor and black, and suffering badly due to the water crisis.This was a bad idea in the first place, as the Mayor of Flint, Michigan, Democrat Karen Weaver, had already told Trump and his campaign that her city s very real issues were not to be used as some kind showboating photo-op. However, as per usual, Trump did what he wanted anyway, and when it didn t go well, he did what he usually does in such instances: LIED.Thursday morning, Trump went on Fox and Friends and criticized the pastor of Bethel United Methodist Church, Faith Green-Timmons. We ve all seen the viral video in which Pastor Green-Timmons shut Trump down when he attempted to use her church as a platform to attack Democratic rival Hillary Clinton, and in response, Trump lashed out at her on Fox News, calling her, quote, a  nervous mess.  Trump them went on say that the audience wanted him to keep speaking, but luckily there was an NPR reporter in the audience at the time, so those of us who weren t there can get the real story about what went down. From NPR: The audience was saying let him speak, let him speak,  Trump told Fox and Friends.That isn t true. In fact, several audience members began to heckle Trump, asking pointed questions about whether he racially discriminated against black tenants as a landlord.And that s when Green-Timmons   who Trump said Thursday had planned to ambush him   stepped in to defend Trump, saying the Republican nominee was  a guest of my church, and you will respect him. Thank you. Thank you, pastor,  Trump responded.The pointed questions for Trump continued as Trump wrapped up his remarks, though   and that s the moment when the press traveling with Trump was hastily escorted out of the room.Well, there you have it, folks. The people in the traditionally Black church saw right through Trump s attempt to pander and pretend that he actually cares about their well being, when, in fact we all have witnessed Trump s racism on full display throughout this travesty of a campaign. These people weren t having it, though, and they let Trump know exactly what they think of him.If it weren t for this reporting, we d have a very different account of what went down in that church on Wednesday, which is just one more reason not to trust a word that comes out of Donald Trump s mouth.Featured image via video screen capture from Twitter",0
4628, Whiny Trump Lashes Out Like A Toddler At Pastor Who Shut Him Down (VIDEO),"Donald Trump is likely pleasing the GOP establishment lately because he hasn t been totally crazy. However, the embarrassing video of a Black female pastor, Faith Green-Timmons, shutting him down when he tried to use her church podium like a campaign rally went viral, and of course Trump couldn t resist attacking the pastor like the toddler that he is at heart.Trump phoned in to his buddies over at Fox and Friends Thursday morning, and said that the audience was great but the pastor was, quote, a  nervous mess.  Trump told the Fox hosts: Something was up, because I noticed she was so nervous when she introduced me. She called NBC, ABC   when she got up to introduce me, she was so nervous, she was shaking. And I said,  Wow, this is sort of strange.  And then, she came up. So she had that in mind, there s no question about it. Now, of course this is likely untrue. The pastor of Flint, Michigan s Bethel United Methodist Church did not look at all nervous when she shut Trump down, but of course facts don t matter to The Donald. All that matters is that he was embarrassed in public and video of it went viral, so the person who caused him said embarrassment must pay. Here is video of that Fox and Friends exchange: This is not a person who has the character or temperament to be president, and of course that is just the tip of the iceberg when it comes to all the things about Donald Trump that utterly disqualify him from being President of the United States. Part of being in public life   especially political public life   is the ability to take criticism. That is simply an ability that Trump does not possess. His ego and narcissism will not allow him to let any slight   perceived or real   go without launching some kind of attack, usually full of childish, untrue, low-road insults.Remember, America   this man could be your next president, and he reacts like a 2-year-old anytime anyone disagrees with him for any reason whatsoever.Featured image via Wonkette",0
4629, These Words From Trump’s Own Mouth OBLITERATE His ‘Outreach’ To Women (VIDEO),"Donald Trump must think women are stupid. Recently, the billionaire s campaign revealed what they pretend is a comprehensive plan to help struggling families after the birth of a child.Sure, Trump has a long and storied history of making sexist remarks about women and generally treating them like trash, but now that he wants to be President, he s going to provide maternity leave. Of course, his plan is not quite all he and his cohorts pretend it to be.First off, men are left out entirely. Sure, it s 2016 when sometimes women work and men take care of the children, or there might be a couple of guys bringing a child into the world through one method or another. Trump s plan, which proposes six weeks of maternity leave and tax credits for stay-at-home mothers, serves only to reinforce the stereotype that a woman s place is in the home cooking dinner and raising the kids and the man s place is to go out and serve as breadwinner. Stay-at-home fathers, in Trump s world, do not exist and should not even be considered for any tax credits and benefits.Part of the problem is that Trump was famously uninvolved in raising his own children. I won t do anything to take care of them,  he told Howard Stern in 2005.  I ll supply funds and she ll take care of the kids. It s not like I m gonna be walking the kids down Central Park. Men simply do not raise children, or so Trump thinks. And, of course, it s probably best to let him think that in case he spawns more. Can you imagine how much more f*cked up his kids would be if he took a direct role in raising them?Of course, his thoughts on pregnant women in the workplace aren t very nice, either. In a 2004 interview with Dateline NBC,  the billionaire explained that while pregnancy is  a wonderful thing for the woman  and her  husband  (the idea of male same-sex couples does not enter into his mind, of course) it s  an inconvenience for the business. And whether people want to say that or not, the fact is it is an inconvenience for a person that is running a business,  he concluded, adding that women  should  feel like they will be replaced if they do not return to work quickly even if they will not necessarily be replaced.Watch Trump trash female employees who have the audacity to get pregnant below: Featured image via screen capture",0
4630, Rape Apparently Doesn’t Earn Jail Time Anymore – Even If The Victim Is Only Two Years Old,"If you are a young white male in America, apparently you are free to stick your genitalia into whomever you please without having to fear that you will end up in prison. Consent be damned. Proof of this is the disgusting case of an Iowa teen who raped a toddler   on camera   and was given a free pass when he was finally hauled in front of a judge for his repulsive crimes.Kraigen Grooms has admitted to raping the 2-year-old in April of 2013 when he was 16 years old. Not only did he rape the small child, but he did it on camera so he could livestream the sexual assault for another pervert to watch online. Investigators believe that the attack was premeditated, and also that he had plans to rape a 3-year-old boy in the same manner.Grooms was arrested in March 2014, when he was 17. Initially, he was charged with second-degree sexual abuse, a felony that could have put him in prison for 25 years. However, after spending two years in a juvenile detention center and county jail, he cut a deal and pleaded guilty to a lesser charge of engaging in a lascivious act with a child in July. This week, Judge Randy Degeest handed Groom, who also goes by the alias Kraigen Simmers, a 10-year suspended sentence and sent him home.This means that he will see absolutely no prison time for raping a 2-year-old. Let that sink in for a minute.This is just the most recent in a string of high-profile sexual assault cases that have ended with the rapist getting a slap on the wrist and being sent on his way. The most well-known of these cases being that of Brock Turner, who raped an unconscious woman behind a dumpster and was given just six months in jail, but ended up only serving three before being released.Is there any question that anyone who rapes a toddler   a f*cking toddler   should be behind bars until hell freezes over? Is there any question that America s rape culture has spiraled completely out of control when you can rape a 2-year-old, on camera, livestream it on the internet, and not end up in prison?Featured image via KTVO screen capture",0
4631," WATCH: Black Pastor Totally SHUTS Down Trump, And He Backs Away Like A Wimp","An African-American pastor in Flint, Michigan was able to get Donald Trump to do what nobody else has for the last year: shut up.It happened when Trump, after touring a water treatment facility in the lead-afflicted city, spoke at a church. As part of his speech, instead of addressing the water crisis that has many in the area worried about their children s health, the Republican nominee started in on a political attack against Hillary Clinton.Pastor Faith Green Timmons then stepped in, and stopped the Republican in his tracks.Timmons told Trump,  I invited you here to thank us   not to give a political speech.  Apparently completely chastened, Trump stopped and instead of his usual braggadocio he reverted to an almost childlike tone.He told Timmons,  No, I never. Never would. Never would. Never would.  He then quickly ended his speech, saying a few more words and promising to bring jobs back to the city.The incident reflects the latest gaffe for Trump with black voters. For a few weeks his campaign has claimed that he is conducting  outreach  but in reality, Trump has instead repeatedly told blacks that they live in poverty, stuck in inner city hellholes filled with gun violence. He has also described the living situations of blacks in America as so horrible; they can t do  any worse. This has prompted considerable backlash among minority voters and others, leading to extremely negative polling for Trump with that voting bloc, even as he has improved among some white voters.Trump has said that this supposed  reaching out  to black voters will result in gains for his campaign, but the evidence instead shows that his ham-handed activities are more likely to continue the Republican trend of poor performance in this demographic. This incident in Flint is unlikely to help that trajectory.Featured image via screen capture",0
4632, Jay Leno Wants Someone To Beat ‘The Crap’ Out Of Trump So He Learns This Valuable Lesson,"This presidential election has been bringing everyone out of the woodwork to reveal their opinions on who is running. Especially in regards to Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump.One person who seems to be abundantly clear about his opinion on Trump is former Tonight Show host Jay Leno. Sitting down with The Hollywood Reporter, Leno revealed, in so many words, that Trump needs to have some sense knocked into him, and maybe, just maybe, he d be a better person for it.Leno told The Hollywood Reporter: I think this is the problem with Donald Trump. I don t think anybody has just ever beaten the crap out of him, so he has this attitude of  whatever.  When you have the crap beat out of you, you learn how to negotiate, you learn how to deal with people. You learn that kindness is the greatest virtue you can have.I know people that say  Shut the f ing door  and I know people who say  Is it cold in here?  If you say  Is it cold in here?  someone will shut the door for you, and you haven t annoyed anybody or pissed anybody off. And that s my attitude about life, just trying to be kind.When you are poor it s easy to be kind. When you are rich and famous, it s not that it s hard to be kind, but it s harder because people suddenly start catering to your eccentricities or whatever it might be. And that s just the thing, Trump seems to have never been in a situation in his life where he s been forced to be kind. He s so used to everyone bending over backwards to please him, that he doesn t seem to think that he actually should be kind to others in return. This would definitely explain his bully behavior, and how he feels so entitled to pretty much everything, including the White House.Note: This article in no way is suggesting that Trump should be harmed. It is just revealing what Jay Leno said in an interview.Featured image via Kevin Winter/Getty Images",0
4633, Leaked Emails Show Colin Powell Has STRONG Opinions On Donald Trump,"Colin Powell is NOT voting for Donald Trump, at least according to emails disclosed by a hacker group to BuzzFeed and on DCLeaks.com, who reported that the leaks came from Russia.The emails reveal that Powell thinks Trump is a  national disgrace,  and that his campaign is built on racism. He also has strong opinions on the birther movement, which Trump thoroughly embraced.In an Aug. 21 email from Powell to Miller, he blasted Trump for embarking on a  racist  movement that believes President Obama was not born in the US. Yup, the whole birther movement was racist,  Powell wrote.  That s what the 99% believe. When Trump couldn t keep that up he said he also wanted to see if the certificate noted that he was a Muslim. Powell says that Trump has no chance at the African-American vote:The leak shows that Powell criticized Trump s lack of outreach to black voters, saying  there is nothing he can say  to convince black Americans to give him their votes, and criticizing the birther movement. He takes us for idiots,  Powell wrote, according to CBS.  He can never overcome what he tried to do to Obama with his search for the birth certificate   the whole birther movement was racist. Source: Huffington PostPowell doesn t think Trump has a much better chance with women, at least not after he aligned himself with disgraced former Fox News head, Roger Ailes, who left after numerous allegations of sexual harassment. And Ailes as an advisor wont heal women, don t you think?  Powell wrote.The Republican former Secretary of State isn t a Hillary Clinton fan either.The latest email leak reveals Powell also criticized Democratic presidential nominee Hillary Clinton for her handling of her email scandal, saying she  could have killed this two years ago by merely telling everyone honestly what she had done and not tie me to it,  according to The Intercept.Documents released this month as part of the FBI s investigation into Clinton s emails showed Powell had told Clinton to  be very careful  if she used a Blackberry for email, warning that if her use of a BlackBerry became public knowledge, those emails could become  official record[s] and subject to the law. Powell s only advice seemed to be for the media, which he accused of giving him too much attention.  You guys are playing this game, you are his oxygen. A spokesman for Powell admits that the emails are legitimate and that Powell was hacked, although, if Powell s people know who did the hack, they aren t admitting it. As for Powell s advice to Clinton, well, perhaps he should have followed it as well.Featured image via Kris Connor/Getty Images.",0
4634, NYPD So Delighted With Cop Who Killed Eric Garner They Now Pay Him $120K,"Daniel Pantaleo was caught on video using an illegal chokehold on Eric Garner, killing him in front of the entire world for the crime of selling loose cigarettes. There was a lengthy investigation, but ultimately no indictment, despite public outrage and widespread protests. Now, a new report of payroll records shows just how delighted the NYPD was with Pantaleo and his deadly actions.Ever since Pantaleo killed Garner on that New York City street, he has consistently gotten raise after raise, even while being actively investigated for Garner s death, and is now making upwards of $120,000 a year.A report from Politico reads: Pantaleo earned $119,996 in fiscal year 2016, which includes earnings between July 1, 2015 and June 30, 2016. His base pay was $78,026 and he earned $23,220 in overtime, according to a review of payroll records. He received an additional $12,853 in unspecified pay, which could include retroactive pay or bonuses.Pantaleo s earnings in 2016 represent a 35 percent increase in overtime pay, and a 14 percent overall increase from the previous fiscal year, which began shortly before Garner s death on July 17, 2014.In that 12-month period, ending June 30, 2015, Pantaleo earned $105,061, with $76,488 base pay, $17,109 in overtime and $11,673 in additional earnings, records show.In fiscal year 2014, which was completed before Garner s death and Pantaleo s subsequent reassignment, he made $99,915, which included $17,189 in overtime. An investigation into Garner s killing by the Department of Justice is ongoing and the NYPD has still not released the results of their investigation. Mayor Bill DeBlasio insists that state law prevents Pantaleo s full disciplinary file from being released. This claim prompted Governor Andrew Cuomo to call bullshit and he told DeBlasio not to blame  the state law when a judge interpreted the law otherwise and your office is now contradicting the judge. So far, this is what we do know about Pantaleo s record as one of New York s finest, according to Latest.com:  Pantaleo was involved in at least three lawsuits in which he allegedly violated a (black) citizen s civil rights. He was disciplined for a bogus  stop and frisk  incident before the NYPD banned the practice. In April he was named as a defendant with the NYPD for allegedly crashing his cruiser into another man s car and injuring the driver. So in America, when a cop kills an unarmed black man with an illegal chokehold and there is video proof, not only does he get a paid vacation, he also gets one hell of a pay raise. Something is very wrong with this picture.Featured image via Latest.com",0
4635, Cowardly Trump Decides Not To Reveal Medical Records To Dr. Oz At The Last Minute,"The Republican nominee s campaign has bragged about how he will appear on Dr. Oz and allow the television physician to read the results of his latest physical. I know this   that Donald Trump will turn over those records right to Dr. Oz and he will analyze it and it will be a surprise to Donald Trump what Dr. Oz is going to say,  Fox News host Brian Kilmeade said on Tuesday.According to The Hill, Trump bragged about undergoing the physical and made predictions. I did pretty much the whole deal, because I think we should, I think we should do that,  Trump added on CNBC s  Squawk Box. Trump predicted his physical would show  large numbers  and  hopefully very good statistics. I feel very confident, otherwise I probably wouldn t be telling you I did this, right?  Trump asked. Large numbers  are not necessarily a good thing, especially if we are talking about blood pressure.But despite his bragging, Trump has still not released any medical information and he won t be releasing any during his interview with Dr. Oz either.CNN host Brian Stelter reported on Wednesday that just hours before the show taped Trump cowardly backed out of releasing his medical records and letting Dr. Oz read them on the air. Trump will be talking with Oz about his physical activity, dietary habits, and broader health-related issues. The plan also calls for Trump to discuss political topics that are of interest to the  Dr. Oz Show  audience, like efforts to fight the Zika virus and Trump s new child care policies. So the only thing we know about Donald Trump s health is that all of his lab results are  positive  according to the ridiculous note written by his alleged physician Dr. Harold Bornstein, which Dr. Jennifer Gunter hilariously shredded on CNN last month. Lab results aren t reported as being  astonishingly excellent  or not   we give lab values of positive or negative,  she explained.  Then there s the fact that he says all of Mr. Trump s results are positive   which, of course, would be a bad thing. When I tell someone they have gonorrhea, when they have a positive test for gonorrhea, they re not happy about that. That s not  astonishingly excellent. Featured image via Alex Wong/Getty Images",0
4636, Republican Candidate Gets Caught Calling For Lynching President Obama,"A Minnesota Republican is desperately trying to convince voters that his years worth of racist, sexist, and anti-gay Facebook posts no longer reflect who he is.Nolan West is a former GOP aide who is now running for a seat in the Minnesota statehouse.But he apparently didn t think that his social media posts were fair game, so when the Minneapolis Star Tribune started writing a story about all of his offensive and hateful statements he rushed to scrub his account of everything going all the way back to 2008 when he called for lynching President Obama soon after he was first elected in 2008. IT S LYNCHING TIME,  West wrote.And it s not hard to see where West gets his hatred of the first African-American president from. West also posted praise of the Confederacy and expressed his utter disdain for Abraham Lincoln. As we all know, the Confederacy started a Civil War to keep slavery legal while Abraham Lincoln freed the slaves and kept the Union together.According to the Star Tribune:On the day South Carolina removed the Confederate battle flag from its statehouse grounds in 2015, West reposted an advertisement for the flags on his Facebook page, continuing his history of publicly expressing admiration for the Confederacy and disdain for Lincoln.West is currently on House GOP staff while running for the north Metro suburban seat vacated by retiring Rep. Tim Sanders, R-Blaine.In 2011 West marked the day Confederate President Jefferson Davis resigned from the U.S. Senate, 150 years earlier. West also called Lincoln, a fellow Republican,  the single worst president this country has ever seen. In addition, the Star Tribune reports that West also posted offensive remarks about women and gay people.West, of course, offered what should be considered a fake apology and claimed he is not the same person that he has been for the last 8 years. I apologize for posting insensitive material,  West wrote in an email.  I ve taken those posts down because they do not reflect who I am or what I believe. And rather than drop out of the race in disgrace like he should, West is staying in the race, which, if Minnesota voters would like to know, is against his DFL opponent Susan Witt, who by all rights should win in a landslide so that District 37B is not represented by a racist Confederate sympathizer who clearly believes black people should still be enslaved and hanged at the end of a rope.Featured image via Twitter",0
4637, The Small Business Owners Trump Stiffed Issue Blistering Revelations (VIDEO),"Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump touts his business prowess as his number one reason he will be great for working people should he be elected President of the United States. However, thanks to a group of creditors that Trump stiffed while he was busy destroying Atlantic City s economy, we are now privy to a very different story than the one Trump s been peddling on the campaign trail.We all know that Trump built extravagant and ridiculously gaudy and expensive casinos in Atlantic City, New Jersey. This meant hiring many contractors to put the places together. One such contractor was Forest Jenkins, father of Beth Rosser, who was interviewed with others in similar positions on Anderson Cooper 360.Rosser says, It was like we won the lottery,  when her father landed a $200,000 contract to help install toilet partitions in the Taj Mahal casino. Forest s son, Steven Jenkins, echo s Rosser s claims, saying, It was a big job. It was great. We were all excited. I had the fuzz from those carpets on the wheels of my dolly for months after that job. However, things quickly went downhill for the small business when Trump didn t pay them. Steven says of the devastating loss: We weren t this big company. We didn t have tons of money in an account somewhere to cover things. The company was Forest Jenkins  life s work, and he made it grow from the ground up. Trump s stiffing them almost cost them all that work though. Luckily, they somehow survived, and Beth and Steven now operate the company since their father s passing. Trump stiffed the Jenkins family in 1988, and then he filed bankruptcy on the Taj Mahal three years later and ran off with millions.Trump owed the Jenkins family $231,000, and they only got $70,000   and that was only after a years long court battle trying to force Trump to pay up. Beth Rosser says of her feelings regarding Trump today: It s 27 years later. I grit my teeth every time I see him on television blustering about what a wonderful businessman he is. He stepped on a lot of people. Of course, the Jenkins  story is only the beginning. Nat Hyman is also a victim of Donald Trump. In 1996, Hyman went into the snake s den when he managed to land a plum of a spot to begin selling jewelry from his fledgling company   a kiosk in a great spot right in Trump Tower. After having success with his new company, Landau Jewelry, in Trump Tower, Hymen was able to expand into Trump s casinos. That s when the trouble started.Trump began making baseless claims that Hyman was selling shoddy products, and to that end tried to force him to leave Trump Tower and go other places where he would never be able to make a living. When Hyman refused to give up the spot in the Trump Tower lobby, Trump lashed out by pulling the plug on Hyman s ability to set up shop in the casinos. He also wound up having Trump s lawyers sicced on him. Hyman says  of his ordeal: I think I spent over a million dollars in litigation with him. I tried to stand up to him everywhere I could but it s exhausting, and it s silly. To him, it s a sport. To him, it s fun. After Hyman was finally done with his spot in Trump Tower, of course, he was replaced with Trump s own merchandise.Paul Friel s family business is another that fell into the black hole that is working with Donald Trump. His family was hired to install structures for slot machines, desks, and the like in one of Trump s casinos. However   surprise, surprise   Trump bought the contract out from under the general contractor he had hired and refused to pay. Paul Friel is the company s founder s grandson, and says his father lost his business over what Donald Trump did. He says of the experience: We had already worked for three (general contractors), and every single one of them lived up to their word until Donald Trump came to Atlantic City. That s not all, either   Trump used his pull in Atlantic City to blackball the company, and it worked, despite their stellar reputation. After attempting to deal with being taken for a ride by Trump, the elder Friel s company went bankrupt. Paul Friel says: I think it surprised him the most that Donald Trump had blackballed him   even though we had an excellent name in Atlantic City.He was devastated. The fact that we had seen such a huge future in Atlantic City for his business that all of a sudden because of one deal   his business in Atlantic City was done. Edward Friel died in 2006, but Paul Friel is determined to be his voice. He says of his late father: He would say,  Paul, do this for us let the country know what kind of man this is. Here is video of the segment:Donald Trump often brags about his business record, but some small business owners say his tactics cost them. https://t.co/tZMS6nRFwI  Anderson Cooper 360  (@AC360) September 14, 2016Also, I guarantee you that these are not the only ones Trump stiffed. They are just the only ones brave enough to speak out. After all, speaking out against Donald Trump has had disastrous consequences for many people. They have a right to be afraid. However, if these stories are any indication, I think we can all pretty much figure that the only person Donald Trump cares about is Donald Trump, and it would an absolute national emergency to put the future of our nation and the free world in his hands.Featured image via video screen capture",0
4638, Raging Trump Supporter PUNCHES A 69-Year Old Woman In Her Face (VIDEO),"As is normal these days for Trump rallies, protesters and Trump supporters clashed outside just such a rally in Asheville, NC. Police arrested five people and are looking for one more   a man who punched a 69-year old woman in the face.Shirley Teter has been protesting all her life, and Trump gave her another reason to protest. At 69, she s not in the best of health, and is actually on oxygen. Nevertheless, she heckled the deplorable Trumpkins outside the rally: Why did I get involved yesterday, at my age? Because I ran into another situation that was sickening my heart. She admits to telling one Trumpkin he d better learn to speak Russian, at which point he socked her. She fell on her oxygen tank and has sore ribs and a sore jaw, but nothing s broken. She does, however, have a question for all the Trump supporters whose sugar-glass fragile egos were bruised by Hillary s  basket of deplorables  comment.She wants to know whether people find a Trump supporter punching her in the face deplorable.Because really, who hits a 69-year old woman on oxygen in the face for heckling? And these people are upset that they re getting called  deplorable?  That is some damned deplorable behavior right there. There s no reason to hit someone over something they say, no matter how badly it makes your blood boil.Trump himself actually incites violence, and it seems these people think anything less than hitting people who don t bow and scrape before their king is being too politically correct. At another rally recently, a deplorable Trump supporter hit a protesting woman in the face and she is the person who was escorted out. That s not deplorable to these people? Or are they proud to be the scum of the Earth like this?Watch a report below: Featured image via screen capture from embedded video",0
4639, UNC Campus Police LAUGH In Rape Victim’s Face . . . Because Football,"A woman was raped by a football player at the University of North Carolina and she says that when she reported the attack to campus police, they laughed in her face.Delaney Robinson decided to go public with her horrific ordeal because she felt it would be the only way to get justice since the school would obviously rather protect a sports star than prosecute a sexual assault. Speaking at a press conference, Robinson said that on the night of Feb. 14, Tar Heels junior linebacker Allen Artis brutally raped her in a dorm room while she was  incapacitated. Denise Branch, Robinson s attorney, said that her client went to the hospital following the assault, where they examined her and collected evidence with a rape kit. According to hospital records, Robinson suffered  vaginal injuries consistent with blunt-force trauma and bruising consistent with a physical assault. But when she reported the sexual assault to campus police, they simply laughed in her face and asked her a litany of offensive, victim-blaming questions. I was treated like a suspect,  she said.  What was I wearing? What was I drinking? How much did I drink? How much did I eat that day? Did I lead him on? Have I hooked up with him before? Do I often have one-night stands? Did I even say no? What is my sexual history? How many men have I slept with? Robinson added that she was allowed to listen to an audio recording her attacker s interrogation, and it was much different than what she had been forced to endure. Rather than accusing him of anything, the investigators spoke to him with a tone of camaraderie,  Robinson said.  They provided reassurances to him when he became upset. They even laughed with him when he told them how many girls  phone numbers he had managed to get on the same night he raped me. Robinson freely admits that she had been drinking on the night in question, but according to the  assistant district attorney for Orange County  unconsciousness is rape, blackout drunk is not rape. After police and prosecutors convinced Robinson that there was no way she had enough evidence to pursue felony charges, she filed two misdemeanor charges. Artis was arrested for the assault on Tuesday and according to District Attorney Jim Woodall, the case is still pending.This case is just the latest incident of rape that has been brushed off thanks to America s rape culture. Brock Turner was released after serving only three months in jail for raping an unconscious woman behind a dumpster. But hey, he had a promising swimming career and athletes get a free pass when it comes to rape.Robinson said her  life has changed forever while the person who assaulted me continues as a student and a football player on this campus. As of Tuesday evening, UNC had not yet released a statement regarding the allegations.Featured image via  Streeter Lecka/Getty Images",0
4640, Ann Coulter Reveals The DISGUSTING Thing That Made Her Love Trump (AUDIO),"It might be hard to believe from the amount of praise she shells out for Republican nominee Donald Trump, but believe it or not, conservative pundit Ann Coulter wasn t always a fan of the business mogul   until he showed America just how racist he truly was.In a recent appearance on the Off Message podcast, Coulter told Politico s Glenn Thrush that she was upset The Donald has softened (and repeatedly flip-flipped) his position on immigration   a sign that he was giving into the pressure of the  amnesty  crowd that was taking control over his campaign.During the podcast, Coulter expressed great resentment toward Trump s new campaign manager, Kellyanne Conway, who she is blaming for the GOP nominee s recent shifts on some of his most offensive and controversial policies. Just to show you just how much Coulter loves Trump for his racist, xenophobic policies, she once said that Trump s proposal to ban all Muslims from coming into the United States was the best birthday gift ever. In fact, Coulter admitted that she hadn t even liked Trump   she originally thought he was a  boorish vulgarian    until he came forward with his disgusting plans for immigration. Coulter reminisced about the correspondence she used to have with Trump s then-campaign manager, Corey Lewandowski: I was worried, the first few weeks after he announced, and   I haven t told the other people this   I would email in a point or two now and then, and whatever. Whenever I would email Corey, whatever,  Stop re-tweeting ugly photos of opponents  wives,  or whatever it was, what the final point was [was] always,  Don t let him back down on immigration. And Corey was getting a little exasperated with me and kept saying,  He s not backing down.  Then he came out for the Muslim ban on my birthday, Dec. 8, my best birthday gift ever. I finally emailed Corey and said,  OK, I think he s not backing down. But now that Trump has been going soft on his plan to deport 11 million people, Coulter is upset and being rather vocal that she thinks it s a  mistake.  Coulter must be devastated that her political soulmate is backing down on her, because at one point of the podcast, she said this: I worship him like the North Koreans worship the  Dear Leader    yes, I would die for him. Which totally makes sense, because Coulter soon revealed that she and Trump actually have a lot in common   they both lack empathy and will just say whatever the f*ck they want: I didn t get the gene that makes me care about what other people think. I m much like Trump that way. I don t really care. They re just words. You can listen to the full, bizarre interview below:Featured image via screenshot",0
4641, Former KKK Leader Thanks Trump’s VP For Being So Nice (AUDIO),"The most infamous leader of the Ku Klux Klan has just proven that the biggest bullies have the thinnest skins. Former KKK Grand Wizard David Duke, a Trump-loving white supremacist who spent a good chunk of his life leading a hate group, apparently doesn t like to be called bad names because it hurts his feelings.Duke let Americans in on his sensitive side when the ex-KKK leader spoke about the fact that Republican vice presidential nominee Mike Pence had held off on calling Duke names like  deplorable  (even though Pence has disavowed Duke s support, unlike his boss). In return for his kindness and compassion, Duke praised Pence extensively on his radio show for refusing the call Duke exactly what he is. Duke said: The whole idea that they were trying to make Pence call me names basically, and he didn t bite on that, was a real positive thing for all of us. The secret alliance between Duke and the Trump campaign is disgusting, and it has had disastrous effects. Because he was so inspired by Trump s racist and hateful presidential campaign, Duke is now running for the Senate   and why wouldn t he, when several Americans have been so accepting of the racist and anti-Semitic views that Trump holds as well? The Trump campaign has basically paved the way for people like Duke!You can listen to Duke rave about Pence below:The terrifying thing about Trump s campaign is that the GOP nominee has literally made it ok for hate speech and bigotry to be expressed publicly. He has, in many ways, normalized it in his campaign speeches, his violence-provoking rallies, and by sharing white supremacist and anti-minority messages on social media on a regular basis. Trump has made room for the most awful, divisive views to be expressed and given people like Duke the guts to have platforms they never would dared to pursue before. This is the America that Trump is creating   and it s not great. It s terrifying.Featured image via screenshot",0
4642, Anchor Accidentally Announces Hillary Clinton’s Death On Air – Conspiracy Nuts Go WILD,"Sunday night, an ABC News affiliate in New York began their show with a startling breaking news announcement from weekend anchor Joe Torres: Hillary Clinton was dead. We begin with the breaking news about Hillary Clinton s death They were talking about her health, and dove right on into her leaving a 9/11 memorial on Sunday after feeling light-headed. Then her campaign released the news that she was battling pneumonia, and then this happened. That has since been edited out, but remains up on YouTube for now. Watch the original report below:WABC 7 clarified the mistake later on. They told TVSpy that Torres had misspoken and meant to say  health,  which anyone with more than two brain cells, who watched the whole report, would have figured out: During a live introduction to a story about the health of Hillary Clinton, Joe Torres inadvertently said  death  when he meant to say  health.'  a station spokesperson said.  It was clear from the context of the story, the reporters  information and graphics on the screen that Secretary Clinton was alive and recovering.' Both the original story and the edit have tripped the conspiracy loons  sensors anyway, though, because why let reason get in the way of a good Hillary conspiracy? So now they re going nuts. Some are convinced that ABC edited that out to cover up the fact that she did actually die, and that the campaign is using a body double to cover it up: A video clip of WABC-TV Channel 7  Eyewitness News  in New York City opened last night with Anchorman Joe Torre saying  more on Hillary Clinton s Death.  The opening line, however, seems edited-OUT of the video archive!Did Hillary die after leaving the 9-11 Ceremony in New York . . . and the information is being concealed? A whole slew of irregularities have cropped-up indicating that may actually be the case!BODY DOUBLE?A short time later, a person ALLEGED to be Hillary, is seen leaving the East 26th Street home of Chelsea Clinton, but there are problems with this person.  The conspiracy baloney never ends with this crowd, does it? Here s another that s just certain she really died: Now it looks like the story has gotten even worse. Based on rogue reports, it is now our understanding that Hillary Rodham Clinton may in fact be dead.Yes, you read that correct. After airing on ABC news in New York for merely seconds, it was pulled from the air.This isn t a random report. Don t believe it? We didn t believe it at first either, until we saw an additional report of the same exact occurrence: At this point, we don t have all the news.All we know for sure is that Hillary Clinton may have actually died at a local hospital in New York City. It doesn t help that David Shuster tweeted that DNC operatives were informing him that the committee would hold an emergency meeting to discuss Hillary s replacement. That tweet was later deleted and replaced with one saying that they were considering a meeting to discuss replacing her.Furthermore, all the heretofore-unknown doctors across the Internet who are coming out of the woodwork to loudly proclaim that her pneumonia means she s at death s door don t seem to know some basic facts: 1) Pneumonia is fluid in the lungs, and 2), there are eleventy billion things that can cause it. Some are serious, some are very serious, some are not-so serious.Donna Brazile, the interim DNC chair, said that they re looking forward to Hillary s speedy recovery and return to the campaign trail, essentially destroying Shuster s tweets and the stories of those who piled on to that. It also destroys the absurd notion that she actually died, but hey, conspiracy nuts will think what they want. Despite what the Hillary-haters are hoping, she is alive and well and recovering. She s not at death s door, and she s certainly not dead.Featured image via screen capture from embedded video",0
4643, WATCH: Rep. Elijah Cummings Rips Republicans A New One For Witch Hunt Against Hillary,"House Republicans are spending much of their time and the taxpayers  money persecuting Hillary Clinton in order to sabotage her presidential campaign, and Rep. Elijah Cummings is sick of it.Over the last four days, Republicans have called three  emergency  hearings of the House Oversight Committee to investigate Hillary Clinton s emails despite the fact that FBI Director James Comey has already completely debunked GOP claims that she intentionally destroyed emails to hide something.During the third hearing on Tuesday, ranking committee member Rep. Elijah Cummings took Republicans and committee chairman Rep. Jason Chaffetz to the woodshed  or engaging in these political witch hunts. Today is the third  emergency  hearing in four business days, third emergency hearing about Secretary Clinton s e-mails in four business days,  Cummings began.  Third in four days, emergency. I believe this committee is abusing taxpayer dollars and authority of Congress in an astonishing onslaught of political attacks to damage Secretary Clinton s campaign for president of the United States of America.  Cummings continued: This is the first time in my 30 years in Congress that I have personally witnessed the Oversight power of this committee abused in such a transparently political manner to directly influence a presidential campaign.The point of today s hearing is to investigate baseless Republican accusations that Secretary Clinton, or her aides, ordered destruction of emails to conceal them from investigators. The most important fact for the day s hearing is that the FBI already investigated these accusations and thoroughly debunked them. They interviewed witnesses, examined forensic evidence and concluded that these accusations have no merit. FBI Director (James) Comey stated, and I quote,  We found no evidence that any of the additional work-related emails were intentionally deleted in an effort to conceal them,  end of quote. He went on to say, and I quote,  We did not find any evidence of evil intent, intent to obstruct justice. Cummings then described the strategy Republicans are using in order to continue to attack Hillary even though their charges have been proved to be untrue. Of course, Republicans did not like the answers that the FBI director gave, so they simply manufactured today s hearing out of thin air. This entire hearing is a contrived campaign photo-op.Step one: Publicly accuse the witnesses of criminal activity, no matter how ludicrous, then refer them to attorney s office for investigation.Step two: The next day invite the same witnesses to an emergency hearing on those criminal accusations and rush to issue a flurry of unilateral subpoenas demanding they testify. No debate, no vote.Step three: Express false outrage when these witnesses   this is a playbook   express false outrage when these witnesses, who you just accused of criminal activity take advice from their counsel to assert their Fifth Amendment right to not testify. There you have it   presto, instant photo op. Here s the video via YouTube.Republicans should pay a heavy price for relentlessly attacking Hillary Clinton in Congress like they have been doing over the years with their never-ending investigations into Benghazi and her emails. It s a total waste of money and time. But they would rather spend it on political persecution and character assassination instead of on dealing with real problems facing our nation.Featured image via screen capture",0
4644," Cher Reacts To Dr. Oz Reading Trump’s Health Report, And It’s The Best Thing Ever (TWEET)","This year s election is really shaping up to be one of the most ridiculous ever in the history of the republic. And adding to this bizarre circus is the fact that Dr. Mehmet Oz, noted TV host and alleged scam artist, will be the one reading Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump s health report. However, not the whole thing.Oz told Fox News  Brian Kilmeade about how Trump has instructed the release, and when Kilmeade asked,  Oh, it s still going to be his decision?  Oz replied: It s his decision. You know, I  the metaphor for me is it s the doctor s office, the studio. So I m not going to ask him questions he doesn t want to have answered. So basically, we re only going to hear what Trump wants us to hear like a scripted reality show (which, btw, all  reality  shows are).Upon hearing the news of Dr. Oz releasing Trump s medical report, legendary entertainer extraordinaire Cher took to Twitter to let us all know how she feels about it.And because Cher tweets in fluent emoji, her tweet is translated here: Why is Dr. Oz letting Trump pimp him out!? Oz is bound by ethics!! Is he so hungry for ratings he ll let Trump use him like guys at a frat party. WHY IS DR OZ LETTING TRUMP PIMP HIM OUT OZ IS BOUND BY ETHICS? IS HE SO HUNGRY 4RATINGS,HE'LL LET TRUMP USE HIM,LIKE GUYS AT A FRAT PARTY?  Cher (@cher) September 13, 2016Whoa. But she s not wrong. The fact that this is being accepted as legitimate by the American people should be clear evidence that the movie Idiocracy has now become reality, and it s f*cking terrifying.Featured Photo by Ethan Miller/ACMA2010/Getty Images for ACMA/Twitter",0
4645, Christiane Amanpour Rips The Media A New One Over Coverage Of Hillary Clinton’s Pneumonia (VIDEO),"If you ve subjected yourself to cable news over the last few days, you ve probably noticed a non-stop barrage of coverage of the most  pressing issue  of the week. Hillary Clinton is *gasp* human, and she sometimes succumbs to germs.If anything, the fact that Hillary made an appearance at New York s 9/11 Memorial Service, despite the fact that she had pneumonia, is a testament to her stamina, not a sign of weakness, but the media has turned it into just another way Hillary is deceiving the public.This tactic might backfire on the media. Nearly every woman can relate to the idea of trying to forget they are sick, so they can get s**t done, whether that s**t includes taking care of a household or taking care of a country (or anything in between).CNN reporter Christiane Amanpour is pretty angry. Her network has been among the worst in the non-stop bullying of a woman recovering from a common illness. So, Amanpour took to the air to beg the media,  Can t a girl have a sick day or two? Finally tonight, imagine a world where you can t slow down, you absolutely cannot, can t get sick. This weekend after attending a 9/11 memorial in New York after more than a year of relentless campaigning, the Democratic presidential nominee, Hillary Clinton, fell ill and these pictures have boomeranged across the world. Several hours later the campaign revealed the former secretary of state had been diagnosed with pneumonia on Friday. But surely this can t be a case of a human being having an off day. Nope. Like so many things Hillary, the media are having a field day, off to the races with another debilitating case of indignant outrage. This must be another typical Clinton conspiracy to fool them with total transparency breakdown. Talk about a transparency breakdown what about Donald Trump s tax returns? Where are they? Can t a girl have a sick day or two? Don t get me started because when it comes to overqualified women having to try 100 times harder than underqualified men to get a break or even a level playing field, well we know that story. And then, to hammer home the double standard, Amanpour talked about the male presidents who have suffered from their various forms of frailty. And seriously now, the 14th president of the United States, Franklin Pierce rose to that role after earning the nickname Fainting Frank for twice collapsing in two battles in 1847,  she continued.  Who could ever forget George Bush senior throwing up all over the Japanese prime minister and then fainting at a state dinner? And he oversaw the fall of the Soviet Union and won the first Gulf War. Considering the media outrage over Hillary failing to tell them she had pneumonia on Friday, consider the media activity shielding some great American presidents, agreeing for instance, not to show these photographs of Franklin D. Roosevelt, whose Polio kept him confined to a wheelchair, but did that stop his New Deal for America or winning World War II? And then there is everyone s favorite president, John F Kennedy. Now he saved the world from possible nuclear Armageddon during the Cuban missile crisis, called for a new frontier in space and generally inspired whole generations around the globe while the press kept secret his painful struggle with Addison s disease. Leading the world in sickness and in health if the boys can do it, why not the women? Here s the video courtesy of Media Matters:The bottom line is, human bodies are flawed, and even the most healthy of us occasionally gets sick. Treating that as a moral failing is insulting to all women, not just to Hillary Clinton.Featured image via video screen capture",0
4646, Leave It To Obama To ROAST Trump For Saying He’s Best For This Specific Voting Bloc (VIDEO),"If you haven t noticed, Donald Trump isn t quite the epitome of the average working American. He s a guy who was born into wealth, got his start through his father, and claims he s a terrific businessman. As the old saying goes, he was born on third base but thinks he hit a triple.Out on the campaign trail pointing out this utter disconnect between Trump and working America is none other than President Obama. The president can t seem to quite wrap his head around the fact that people would choose a man who can t relate whatsoever to the plight of working America to represent them.While speaking at a rally for Hillary Clinton, Obama said: Really, this is the guy you want to be championing working people? This guy who spent 70 years on this earth showing no concern for working people. This guy s suddenly going to be your champion? He spent most of his life trying to stay as far away from working people as he could. And now this guy is gonna be  the champion of working people.  Huh? I mean, he wasn t gonna let you on his golf course. He wasn t gonna let you buy in his condo. And now suddenly, this guy s gonna be your champion? And the answer to that would be, no, he s not. Trump is only in this race for Trump and no one else. That s been made clear from the start.Watch the president go after Trump and his bold claims to be best for American workers here:Obama says Trump has never been a champion for working people:  He wasn t going to let you on his golf course.  https://t.co/kouzvjrEwD  NBC News (@NBCNews) September 13, 2016Featured image via video screen capture",0
4647," Stephen King Compares Trump To Cthulhu, An Offended Cthulhu Hilariously Responds","Donald Trump is so deplorable that even Cthulhu wants nothing to do with him.The fictional evil creature created by H.P. Lovecraft and his fans were quick to issue a denial after horror author Stephen King compared Cthulhu to Republican nominee Donald Trump on Monday. Breaking News: Reliable sources reveal that Donald Trump is actually Cthulu,  King wrote on Twitter.  The absurd hairdo isn t absurd at all. It hides the tentacles. Breaking News: Reliable sources reveal that Donald Trump is actually Cthulu. The absurd hairdo isn t absurd at all. It hides the tentacles.  Stephen King (@StephenKing) September 12, 2016And hilariously enough, Cthulhu responded in the comments by taking offense at being compared to Trump. @StephenKing Sorry, Stephen, you couldn t be more wrong. That clown has nothing on me. https://t.co/LHXy2IBln8  Cthulhu for America (@cthulhu4america) September 12, 2016Then some Cthulhu fans jumped in..@StephenKing I m sorry Mr. King, but Candidate Cthulhu (@cthulhu4america) is certainly not as duplicitous and fraudulent as Trump is.  (((TS Valle))) (@tattoosandbones) September 12, 2016 @StephenKing @dmalmon I don t see it. Cthulhu has a coherent, if unspeakable, program.  Bill Cameron (@bcmystery) September 13, 2016@StephenKing That s offensive to our Lord and saviour ?  Roo Morgue (@roomorgue) September 12, 2016 @StephenKing @BlueRaveFinn No, he s nowhere near competent enough to be Cthulhu.  Evil-Yet-Amazingly-Stupid  is not an Elder God trait.  James Petruzzi (@Hawaiianimages) September 12, 2016@StephenKing interesting hypothesis, but if he were Cthulhu at least he d offer a clearer future for America and less insanity. ?  Tom Dullemond (@Cacotopos) September 12, 2016Cthulhu then posted a statement on Twitter categorically distancing himself from Trump. Trump could barely hope to be 1/63 as great as I am if he weren t such a buffoon,  Cthulhu wrote, continuing by saying that Trump is an  impulsive firestarter.  Trump could barely hope to be 1/63 as great as I am if he weren t such a buffoon, @StephenKing pic.twitter.com/AKU0PFNoG2  Cthulhu for America (@cthulhu4america) September 12, 2016Donald Trump truly is an embarrassment to this country and Republicans should be ashamed of themselves for picking him as their nominee.Featured image via Ralph Freso/Getty Images",0
4648, ‘Christian’ Ex-Mayor Raped 4-Year-Old Girl For Three Years And Blames Her For It,"Another hypocritical  Christian  politician gets caught sexually abusing a child and has the gall to blame the victim instead of taking personal responsibility.Former Hubbard, Ohio mayor Richard Keenan faces a lengthy prison sentence after being indicted on eight counts of rape and 12 counts of attempted rape and gross sexual imposition last month.In 2010, Keenan bragged about his so-called  Christian  values upon becoming the new mayor.  I m a Christian,  Keenan told the Youngstown Vindicator at the time.  Dedicating my life to Jesus has changed my life. Don t preach it, but live it. Over the course of three years, Keenan repeatedly sexually abused a little girl from when she was 4-years-old until she turned 7.Keenan admitted to the crimes after the girl told his wife, who is a pastor, about the abuse.The 65-year-old Keenan also admitted to what he had done to other relatives in a group session at a hospital.He also told a social worker at a psychiatric facility about raping the girl, saying that the abuse began in 2013 but then blamed the little girl for his actions, calling her a  willing participant  who somehow consented to being raped by him.For some reason, Keenan was allowed to go free on $75,000 bond and won t stand trial until April of next year.If convicted he could be sentenced to life in prison.This is yet another example of a supposed  Christian  committing a heinous crime and being a complete hypocrite.At least in this case the pastor did the right thing by reporting her rapist husband to authorities instead of trying to cover it up like a church in Ohio did earlier this year when a youth pastor raped a teen girl repeatedly. Columbia Road Baptist Church could have prevented the sexual abuse had they fired and reported the pastor for obsessively sending text messages to the girl. But they basically looked the other way and gave the pastor the opening to take his obsession with the teen girl to a sick new level and then disgustingly blamed the victim and demanded that the girl apologize to the pastor s wife.And conservative  Christians  wonder why people are abandoning religion. THIS is why.Featured image via Wikimedia",0
4649, Deplorable: That Time Trump Accused Half The Country of Being Lazy Moochers,"After Hillary Clinton did the unthinkable   told the truth about the Trump base of support   the Republicans were quick to call it her  47 percent moment.  The politically incorrect group of right-wingers were furious that Clinton wasn t being P.C., so they decided to engage in a faux outrage campaign, complete with an already made ad from the Trump campaign.Donald Trump was particularly offended by Clinton s comments, saying: The disdain Hillary Clinton expressed towards millions of decent Americans disqualifies her from public service. Is that so? Well, then I guess Trump should disqualify himself from being President of the United States, considering he accused 50 percent of the country of being lazy moochers just last year.In a June 2015 interview on Fox News with Sean Hannity, Trump told viewers: The problem we have right now we have a society that sits back and says we don t have to do anything. Eventually, the 50 percent cannot carry and it s unfair to them but cannot carry the other 50 percent. Certainly not as hyperbolic as  basket of deplorables,  but still reminiscent of a legitimate  47 percent  moment   only this time Trump bumped the number up. Just six months earlier, in January 2015 (before he announced his candidacy) Trump told MSNBC s Kasie Hunt that,  We have a tremendous amount of people in this country that don t want to work. They have no inclination to work.  Trump also told Romney he shouldn t apologize for making the infamous comment, saying that it was correct.So Trump has gone on the record saying he thinks 50 percent of this country is comprised of lazy moochers who take from the other 50 percent (where in actuality it s the top 1 percent that take from the next 95 percent).So, insulting a faction of a right-wing extremist political electorate based on the reprehensible things they have said and believe in is wrong, but calling 50 percent of the entire country lazy and moochers isn t? Conservatives really know who to get offended easily.What Clinton said wasn t insulting, it was the truth. What Romney, and now Trump said, was insulting. Spare me the outrage, Republicans.Featured image via Brian Blanco/Getty images",0
4650, WATCH: Bill O’Reilly Just Got Caught Lying About Defending Roger Ailes From Sexual Harassment Lawsuit,"Has Bill O Reilly really not learned what he says on video stays on video?Because he clearly thought he could blatantly lie during an appearance on the Today Show on Tuesday morning and get away with it.After being asked by Savannah Guthrie if he regretted defending Roger Ailes when Gretchen Carlson accused the Fox boss of sexually harassing her, O Reilly claimed that he never did such a thing, and that he only commented about Ailes as a boss. My comments were made to Seth Meyers about what kind of a boss Roger Ailes was, not about the case. I don t know anything about the case, OK? Nothing. So he was a good boss, best boss I ve ever had, and that s what I said to Seth Meyers. That s all I ve said. And I m not going to say anything else because I work for this company and I don t really have any insight into anything, so for once in my life I m going to keep my big mouth shut. Here s the video via Media Matters.But as Raw Story points out, Bill O Reilly blatantly lied to Guthrie s face, because footage of O Reilly s appearance with Seth Meyers exists and clearly shows that the fibbing Fox host defended Ailes by calling Carlson s lawsuit  frivolous  and that he stands by Ailes  100 percent. In this country, every famous, powerful, or wealthy person is a target. You re a target, I m a target. Anytime, somebody could come out and sue us, attack us, go to the press, or anything like that. Until Amer   and that s a deplorable situation  Until the United States adopts the British system of civil law, whereby if you file a frivolous lawsuit and you lose, the judge has a right to make you pay all court costs. Until we adopt that very fair proposition, we re going to have this out of control tabloid society that is tremendously destructive. Here s the video via YouTube:Now that it has been established that Bill O Reilly is a liar, it s time for Fox News to take Andrea Tantaros  lawsuit that specifically names O Reilly more seriously.Featured Image: Dangerous Minds",0
4651, Trump’s ‘Taco Truck’ Guy Spoke Again – Guarantees No Latino Will Ever Vote For Trump (VIDEO),"Republicans love minorities. Let me rephrase that. Republicans love minorities who regularly squat down and take a big dookie on their own people.Donald Trump s Latino for Trump founder is the perfect Republican Latino, in that he is self-hating. On  Full Frontal  with Samantha Bee, Marco Gutierrez (the guy who threatened taco trucks on every corner if Hillary wins) went even further and insulted literally every Hispanic on the planet by calling them  primitive and underdeveloped. Appearing on Samantha Bee s late-night show Monday night, Gutierrez warned,  As Hispanics, we are a primitive and underdeveloped culture. We ll take whatever we can take if you let us.  Asked if that means people should be scared of Mexicans, Gutierrez replied,  Yes, you should be very frightened. Here s the crazy video:Well, Hispanics are frightened   of a Trump presidency. And they could very well be the determining factor into who does win the election. Trump s own words against immigration turned most Hispanics against him (72 percent). His anti-Hispanic rhetoric could turn even traditionally red, but heavily Hispanic states, like Texas, blue.While Gutierrez is a relatively tiny player in Trump s well of surrogates, he s become a national joke, so what he says gets a lot of play   something the Trump campaign is probably cringing over, but not enough to actually disavow themselves.Gutierrez s foot in mouth style is the best news possible for Hillary Clinton. If anything, Gutierrez will help get out the vote, for the other side.All of these (swing) states are crucial to Trump s ability to win the presidency, and if he can t reverse this trend, beating Clinton could be near impossible   unless there is a drop off in Hispanic turnout compared to four years ago.That doesn t appear likely at this point, said a senior analyst for Latino Decisions, the firm that conducted the poll on behalf of America s Voice, a liberal group that supports comprehensive immigration reform and the legalization of illegal immigrants. The question is: Is Trump going to motivate higher turnout?  David Damore said Friday in an interview with the Washington Examiner.  I think there s a potential for that to occur. Source: Washington ExaminerFeatured image via video screen capture. ",0
4652, Donald Trump Said Something So Stupid That Mika Brzezinski Couldn’t Take It Anymore (VIDEO),"Sometimes, Donald Trump says something so stupid that a person is tempted to snap   and that s what happened on Monday s installment of Morning Joe after a clip of Donald Trump opening his face-sphincter for what has to be one of the dumbest things to spew out of it yet. Mika Brzezinski tolerates a lot, spending hours upon hours sitting next to a man who may be one of the most irritating people alive   but a clip of Trump complaining about Clinton s  hate-filled and negative campaign  was enough to send her over the edge.On the same night one of his Faithful was captured on camera attacking protesters, Trump whined that Clinton is being mean to him.  Hillary Clinton has been running a hate-filled and negative campaign with no policy, no solutions, no new ideas,  Trump, who built his following by calling Mexicans rapists and promising to keep brown people out of the country, said on Sunday. By contrast I ve been going around the country offering very detailed plans for reform and change. All of these reform plans are available on our website and they re extensive. While my opponent slanders you as  deplorable  and  irredeemable,  I call your hardworking American patriots who love your country and want a better future for all our people,  Trump told his Basket of Deplorables. I can t believe this is the Republican nominee,  Brzrzinski said after highlighting the fact that Clinton s website in fact contains more than 100,000 more words on policy positions than Trump s,  and that he s devolved into this weird, drunk mess of    She trailed off, adding:Everything he says is either horrible, stunning, insulting, or incredibly ignorant. Everything. Here s the thing about Mika,  host Joe Scarborough chided her,  she never resorts to generalizations. Well, you guys tell me something he s said that s really prescient, smart, makes you think, makes you think he might love this country,  she shot back.No one could.Watch it below:",0
4653, Pat McCrory’s Bigoted Bathroom Law Costs NC Millions In Lost Events,"North Carolina Republican Governor Pat McCrory s bigotry is costing his state millions of dollars. Since he signed into law a bill that effectively blocks any and all discrimination protections for LGBTQ people,  musicians have cancelled concerts in the state, businesses like PayPal have pulled the plug on plans to settle there, and the NBA has moved its All-Star game away from the state for 2017 as well. Now, the NCAA has delivered another blow, by relocating seven post-season games as well, which will cost the state millions.The NCAA released comments regarding the decision, saying that it is because of the cumulative actions taken by the state concerning civil rights protections.  G.P.  Bud  Peterson, who chair s the NCAA s board of governors went on to say: This decision is consistent with the NCAA s long-standing core values of inclusion, student-athlete well-being and creating a culture of fairness. Here are details regarding the cancellations, courtesy of Boston.com:  the Division I women s soccer championship scheduled for Dec. 2 and 4 in Cary, just outside the capital city of Raleigh;  the Division III men s and women s soccer championships set for Dec. 2 and 3 in Greensboro;  the Division I women s golf regional championships set for May 8-10 in Greenville;  the Division III men s and women s tennis championships set for May 22-27 in Cary;  the Division I women s lacrosse championship set for May 26 and 28 in Cary;  and the Division II baseball championship from May 27 to June 3 in Cary.In addition, two March men s basketball games set for Greensboro will be relocated as well. Of course, the spokesperson for the North Carolina GOP had to weigh in with her ignorance. Kami Mueller said: I wish the NCAA was this concerned about the women who were raped at Baylor. This is unsurprising, considering that bigoted Republicans simply cannot understand that letting transgender people use the bathroom that corresponds with their gender presentation and identity has nothing to do with rape; in fact, it is trans people who are in the most danger regarding this law.McCrory s Democratic challenger, Roy Cooper, had more of the right idea here. His spokesman, Ford Porter, said: It seems that almost every day, we learn of a new consequence of HB2.  We need to repeal this law and get our state back on track. With the NCAA pulling out of North Carolina due to what they describe as a new policy that makes sure that the places they allow to host their events  demonstrate how they will provide an environment that is safe, healthy and free of discrimination,   that leaves that Atlantic Coast Conference. However, HB2 might cost North Carolina that event as well. The ACC says that there has been worry over the consequences of such a law within their ranks as well.Pat McCrory and North Carolina s bigoted Republican Party is literally killing their state s economy, all in the name of hate. None of these people have any business holding public office, because they clearly do not care about the impact of their legislated hate. Make no mistake, the NCAA is not the first, and nor will it be the last, organization that decides that they will not hold events or do business in a state whose hallmark is discrimination.Hopefully, North Carolina voters get rid of these idiots come November.Featured image via Chip Somodevilla/Getty Images",0
4654," Bill Maher Has A Message For Trumpkins Regarding Hillary’s Health, And They Won’t Like It At All (TWEET)","Comedian Bill Maher is no fan of Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump. While, during the Democratic primary, Maher was a supporter of Vermont Senator Bernie Sanders, he has urged everyone to get in line behind Hillary Clinton, and has been singing her praises   and slamming Trump   ever since.We are all aware by now that Hillary, like any human being does at times, has gotten sick. Her campaign announced that she has been diagnosed with pneumonia, and she left a 9/11 memorial service in New York City abruptly because she was dehydrated and overheated. This stirred up the feverish hopes on the Right that she is somehow unfit to be president due to health concerns. Of course, this is ridiculous; she ll be fine. Her doctor has examined her and she is recovering nicely.That is where comedian Bill Maher comes in. He tweeted that he would vote for  Dead Hillary  over Trump.Pneumonia? I'd vote for Dead Hillary in this race. She could be Patient Zero for Bubonic Plague, still better than #TangerineNightmare  Bill Maher (@billmaher) September 13, 2016This will be seen as inappropriate by some, as joking about death isn t necessarily the best thing to do, but Maher s message is clear: Hillary in any condition is a much better choice than Trump on his best day, with his best behavior. In short, sane people know that Donald Trump is in no way fit for the presidency, and he is, in fact, nothing more than a dangerous demagogue who should have never gotten this close to the White House.Do as Maher says, for the sake of the nation   VOTE BLUE in November.Featured image via David Becker/WireImage",0
4655, Sam Bee DISMANTLES The Media For Letting Trump Be The Raging Liar He Absolutely Is (VIDEO),"If you haven t noticed, but you probably have, the news media never calls Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump out on his constant lying.The most recent example of this was during the NBC Commander-in-Chief Forum when Matt Lauer went really hard on Hillary Clinton when it came to demanding answers, and then was ridiculously soft on Trump, even though Trump believes Lauer was too hard on him.Well, one person in particular is absolutely fed up with these media shenanigans and that person is Samantha Bee of TBS s  Full Frontal. Bee said: There s no time to report the facts and what people feel are the facts. You ve got to choose one. Guys, we are swimming in bad information. Our dads are on Facebook. Chemtrails are not real, dad. Adding: Why can t the media just tell us what s true and what s bullsh*t? Bee also points out that many in the media are refusing to call Trump out for lying because then it could appear that they are biased with their own opinion. However, she lays to rest that common misconception when she says: Calling a liar a liar isn t an opinion if you can prove it. That s what we call a fact. The idea that news network executives traded their balls for ratings, that s just my opinion. And as many in the media are trying to make Donald Trump and Hillary Clinton somehow equal when it comes to being qualified, or equally as bad, they are clearly mistaken. Bee lets them have it and does NOT hold back, saying: Maintaining the image of fairness requires them to portray Hillary and Trump as equally flawed candidates, even though they know that s incorrect. On the one hand you have the most breathtakingly, unqualified, ignoramus to of heave his balls within striking distance of office. A race-baiting bully who, according to two meticulously researched biographies, is a tax cheating, investor swindling, worker- shafting, dictator-loving, pathologically lying, attorneys general bribing, philandering, mobbed up, narcissistic serial con artist who hasn t got the attention span to read a fortune cookie much less a f*cking intelligence briefing. Adding: But on the other hand, Hillary used a private email server. See? Perfectly even. BOOM!Yeah, not exactly even. Trump is the LAST thing we need for this nation in general, let alone as Commander-in-Chief.Well f*cking done, Sam.Watch Same Bee tear the media a new one here:Featured image via video screen capture, HT C&L",0
4656, WATCH: Deplorable Trump Supporter Punches Protester And Slaps Woman At Rally,"Trump supporters have proven Hillary Clinton right once again.During a rally in Ashville, North Carolina on Monday, a Trump fan was filmed physically assaulting some protesters with the Republican nominee s full support as he gave the thumbs up.At the top of some bleachers, a middle-aged white guy can be seen grabbing and punching a male protester. Security intervened, but rather than remove the Trump supporter for committing an actual crime, they kicked out the protesters instead.The man verbally harasses the group as they file out down the steps all while acting like he is some kind of tough guy and then goes as far as slapping a female protester on her way out.Here s the video via Twitter:WATCH: Man slaps several protesters as they are being escorted out of @realDonaldTrump rally in Asheville, NC. pic.twitter.com/KMKCDvIar4  ABC News Politics (@ABCPolitics) September 12, 2016Again, this asshole did not get removed from the rally, and nor was he arrested. Like the other bullies who have assaulted people during Trump rallies, he was left alone while the protesters were dealt with even though he was clearly the aggressor.At another rally earlier this year in North Carolina, a Trump supporter named John McGraw sucker-punched a black protester and then triumphantly declared to the media that he and his white buddies might have to kill the man next time. At least McGraw was arrested, but only after the rally.And Donald Trump does nothing to stop this kind of behavior from his hooligan supporters. He cheers them on and congratulates them. It seems like he is proud of his supporters for beating up people who don t agree with him.This is how violence finds its way into politics, and Trump has done nothing but allow it to escalate. Not too long ago, Trump suggested that gun owners do something to stop Hillary Clinton from selecting Supreme Court nominees. And on Saturday, Kentucky Governor Matt Bevin called for a bloody rebellion if Hillary wins in November.Clearly, Hillary Clinton was right to call Trump s supporters deplorable.Featured image via screen capture",0
4657, SCARY: Trump Just Declared War On Multiple Religions,"As part of his presidential campaign, Donald Trump has made a frightening new attack on multiple religions within the United States and many in the media haven t even noticed it yet.Trump referenced the new, frightening vision he has for religion in the country in a speech he gave in Baltimore on Monday. We will be one people, under one God, saluting one American flag,  he said Monday at a speech to the National Guard Association in Baltimore. Moments before, he claimed he d be a  president for all Americans  in an effort to portray himself as more of a uniter than his rival, Democrat Hillary Clinton.Trump s  under one God  line may sound like boilerplate presidential campaign rhetoric, even if it is a bit, um, Hitlerian. (The Nazi Party slogan was  Ein Volk, ein Reich, ein Fuhrer!    or,  One people, one empire, one leader! ) But the inclusion of the word  one  is new. A review of transcripts suggests he debuted it last Tuesday during a speech in Greenville, North Carolina, and has since used it in campaign speeches in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania; Pensacola, Florida; and Washington, D.C.Based on Trump s claims that he is a Christian and the history of the Republican Party, it would probably be safe to say that Trump s  one God  is the Christian God. But in America, based on the First Amendment to the Constitution, the free exercise of religion is enshrined in our customs. Among those non-Christian religions practiced in America are Judaism, Buddhism, Islam, Hindu, and many others. There is also agnosticism and atheism, both also protected under the Constitution.Trump has also demonstrated hostility towards one faith in particular   Islam. He has promised to ban Muslim migration to the United States and has expressed openness to using tracking devices on Muslims.Connected to this new attack, Trump recently spoke at an event designated by the Southern Poverty Law Center as a hate group conference. Among the headliners at the Values Voter Summit was the Family Research Council, who has compared being gay to drug use, and adultery and has compared gay rights activists to terrorists.Featured image via Flickr",0
4658, Hateful Klansman Praises GOP Ticket For What They Just Did,"Former Ku Klux Klan leader David Duke is over the moon with happiness after Republican vice-presidential candidate Mike Pence refused to call him  deplorable. In a CNN interview on Monday afternoon, Pence told CNN anchor Wolf Blitzer that he doesn t  name call,  and would not call avowed racist and anti-Semite David Duke  deplorable,  as Hillary Clinton has repeatedly done during the campaign. Later asked to do so in a Fox News interview, Pence again refused.This has made Duke, currently running as a Republican for the U.S. Senate in Louisiana, very happy. It s good to see an individual like Pence and others start to reject this absolute controlled media,  Duke told BuzzFeed News.  The truth is that the Republican Party in Louisiana   I received the vast majority of Republican votes for United States senator before and for governor before that in my state. The truth is the Republican Party is big tent. I served in the Republican caucus. I was in the Republican caucus in the legislature. I had a perfect Republican voting record. It s ridiculous that they attack me because of my involvement in that nonviolent Klan four decades ago. Duke is a former Grand Wizard, part of the leadership of the Ku Klux Klan, a hate group with a very long history of terrorizing black families all across the country. The Klan was very involved in the lynching deaths of blacks, other killings, and initiated the practice of burning crosses on the property of blacks in order to frighten them.In addition, Duke is also an anti-Semite who has promoted the concept of Holocaust denial and the conspiracy theorists who promote the fake history surrounding that idea.Duke has endorsed the Trump/Pence presidential ticket, and while Trump now says he rejects the move, Trump also refused on three occasions in one CNN interview to condemn Duke and his support.Featured image via YouTube",0
4659, North Carolina Just Came Up With The Most Ludicrous Reason Yet To Stop Early Voting,"North Carolina, which is still butthurt over the Supreme Court s decision not to allow their voter suppression law to go into effect before the election, is getting a touch creative with their reasons not to allow early voting. What if a person votes, and then dies?We wish we were making this up.Alas, though, we aren t. Dallas Woodhouse, North Carolina s GOP executive director, tried his best to sound extremely worried about this non-existent crisis when he spoke to Fox 8 about it: We have a situation here where you have to be alive on Election Day. If you vote early, you still have to be alive in a very close race you could literally have dead people voting. We have a situation here.  Har de har har.  Dead people voting  has been one of the GOP s drumbeats regarding voter fraud for a long time, and, of course, on their planet, voter fraud actually only occurs when Democrats are able to vote. Early voting is one of those areas, but absentee voting, for some reason, isn t.Gee, could it be because the majority of people who cast absentee ballots in North Carolina are white, elderly and Republican? The majority of people who cast ballots during early voting are primarily minority and Democrat. From a reasonable perspective, if North Carolina were really worried about dead people voting, they should be targeting absentee voting, not early voting.North Carolina does have a law requiring that voters be alive on Election Day for their votes to be counted, even if they cast an early or absentee ballot. There are, however, contingencies in effect should someone who voted early die before Election Day. They re outlined by North Carolina Board of Elections general counsel Josh Lawson, below: All early voting is done on retrievable ballots,  he said.  If a person dies, the county board of elections is notified by the Social Security Administration or the Registrar of Deeds. They have a pretty good system for tracking deaths. When we become aware of it, we remove that ballot.' North Carolina is busy what-iffing itself off the edge of the sanity cliff here. With each comment, they increasingly prove that their voter suppression law was all about suppressing the minority vote.Featured image by Sara D. Davis/Getty Images",0
4660," This ‘Duck Dynasty’ Star Wants To Baptize Donald Trump, And It’s As Crazy As It Sounds (VIDEO)","When thinking about this election, it s probably about the weirdest and craziest one that s happened in a long, long time. Maybe ever. However, just when you think it couldn t get weirder, something even more bizarre happens.While speaking at the Value Voters Summit this past Saturday, reality television personality Phil Robertson of the show  Duck Dynasty  declared that in order to really get God on their side, presumably that of washed up reality TV stars (himself and Donald Trump), then he s to baptize Trump. Not only that but to also film it for all to see. You know, because that s what God would want   to make a mockery of a very spiritual and personal moment to try and get votes for a known bigot.Robertson said: Donald, don t miss this. We need God on our side. I m just trying to give him some encouraging words  If you really want to see something wild, film it, Donald, film me baptizing you. The left-wingers will literally go crazy and the evangelicals will swarm you like a mighty thrall because then we would know we have God on our side. If you re one of those folks that needs to see something to believe it, here you go.Watch the video here via Right Wing Watch:Featured image via video screen capture",0
4661, MSNBC Host Has PERFECT Response To Coughing GOPer Who Mocked Clinton’s Health (VIDEO),"Ever since Democratic nominee Hillary Clinton was forced to leave the 9/11 memorial in New York City yesterday due to health concerns (she was diagnosed with pneumonia), conservatives have been giddy and going insane with accusations that the former Secretary of State is in no condition to be president.MSNBC host Thomas Roberts had the perfect response to all the hype about Clinton s health on Monday when he had Republican National Committee (RNC) Communications Director Sean Spicer on his show   and it s going to make the GOP furious while the rest of us laugh. During the live interview with Spicer, Roberts suggested that the Republican might have pneumonia because he coughed   a nod to the obsession conservative media has had with Clinton s health ever since she recently had a coughing fit during a rally.Roberts had been questioning Spicer about Republican nominee Donald Trump s charity work when Spicer coughed and cleared his throat. Without skipping a beat, Roberts jumped in and asked, Is that pneumonia? Spicer insisted that it was  just a cough  and Roberts moved on, asking Spicer if Trump would ever dare to release his taxes. Roberts asked, So before election day, yes or no, do you think we ll get them? Spicer replied, That s up to him to decide,  and Roberts followed up by asking the RNC official, Do you care? Spicer gave basically the same response Trump did several days ago, by saying,  I don t think that s really top of mind for the American people right now    even though it definitely is. Even Trump s own supporters have been begging him to release his tax returns!Robert wrapped up the interview with yet another subtle dig at the GOP. He said, Alright, Sean, good to have you with me. I m glad that the cough is just that: a cough. You can watch Roberts throw some epic shade at Spicer and conservatives below:Featured image via screen capture",0
4662, Scott Baio Tries To Push Hillary’s ‘Body Double’ Conspiracy And Fails MISERABLY (TWEETS),"Yesterday, Democratic nominee Hillary Clinton was forced to leave the 9/11 memorial in New York City after falling ill.Although there was a perfectly reasonable explanation for why the former Secretary of State had to leave the event early (she was diagnosed with pneumonia), anti-Clinton conspiracy theorists have been working overtime to smear Clinton s name after she reappeared out of her daughter Chelsea s apartment not too long after being pushed into a car by her security team. This had wannabe online detectives going nuts and analyzing the photos, which lead to the #HillarysBodyDouble hashtag being created on Twitter   and who else would love to jump on this bandwagon more than Donald Trump lover Scott Baio?!Baio, who has had it out for Clinton for some time, did his best to further the conspiracy theory, and got a bit of karma in the process. Not only did Baio fail miserably in making Clinton look bad, but he managed to make HIMSELF look like a complete dumba** in the process. In a tweet, the actor mentioned an actress who is known for her amazing Clinton impersonations, calling her out: Does anyone know the whereabouts of this woman today? Was she in NYC? Lol TwitterThe woman Baio is talking about is Teresa Barnwell, whose website hillaryclintonimpersonator.com boasts the actress  ability to be a near spitting image of the former Secretary of State. Here s a screenshot of her homepage:Teresa BarnwellBut of course, just like his favorite presidential candidate, Baio hadn t bothered to actually check the facts and do his research (sound familiar?). If he had only checked Barnwell s Twitter account that day, he would have known not to ask. The actress tweeted Baio back, shutting his whole conspiracy down: I m in Los Angeles today. Not in NYC! TwitterWhat an idiot. It s great that Barnwell personally responded to Baio, and told him to shut the f*ck up in her own special way!Featured image via screenshot",0
4663, Editors For Two Major Outlets Would Risk Jail If It Meant Getting Trump’s Taxes Out To The Public,"While the mainstream media and the Hillary-haters go on about her health and her campaign s refusal to disclose her pneumonia, two editors for major newspapers are thinking that Trump s taxes are still a really big deal. A huge deal. So gigantic a deal that they d be willing to go to jail if it meant making them public.Dean Baquet, executive editor for The New York Times, and Bob Woodward, associate editor for the Washington Post, recently attended a forum where they spoke with Laura Poitras, the award-winning filmmaker behind Edward Snowden s story. Poitras asked them both if they would publish Trump s taxes should they get hold of them. Both editors said yes, and they would argue with the lawyers who would warn against that course of action to do it. Baquet, explaining his reasoning, said Trump s  whole campaign is built on his success as a businessman, and his wealth  and the tax returns could shed light on that. Some things you have to do,  Woodward said in agreeing with Baquet. Trump doesn t have anything to hide, obviously, which is why his own running mate has released 10 years  worth of taxes, but Trump himself hasn t released a single page. He keeps hiding behind an audit, even when told repeatedly that Richard Nixon released his taxes while being audited and the IRS itself saying that excuse is full of bull cookies.The thing is, Trump and his businesses do so much with money that he could be under audit forever, meaning we ll never get to see the sheer perfection and wonder that are that man s tax returns. In truth, there s a growing possibility that those amazing returns aren t so amazing, and will make Trump look worse than he already does.Trump could take a page from Mitt Romney, who paid a hefty price for waiting to release his returns, but he thinks Mitt s choice to finally release them is what cost him the election. Maybe he s afraid the same thing will happen to him.Trump s charitable donations, such as they are, have been under scrutiny, his business practices have come into question, and there are some who are even questioning his overall wealth. If his taxes reveal a whole lot of underhandedness and flat-out lies (which they likely do), nobody with working brain cells will trust him.Trump has also said he works very hard to pay as little tax as possible, which doesn t sit well with many Americans. Maybe his tax returns show how he gets out of paying taxes in a way we little people, who he promises to stand for, can t.There s all sorts of speculation about why he won t release his returns. But he should watch out   there are two editors for two major newspapers who would risk going to jail if it meant making that information public.Featured image by Brian Blanco/Getty Images",0
4664, Judge Faces Firing After Asking Rape Victim ‘Why Couldn’t You Just Keep Your Knees Together?’ (VIDEO),"Rape culture is not just an American problem, but rather an international epidemic. The latest proof of this is a Canadian judge who is facing firing after he asked a rape victim in his courtroom a litany of appalling questions. He implied that she was at fault for the sexual assault rather than her attacker because, after all, she probably wanted to have sex anyway.The allegations against Federal Court Justice Robin Camp are listed on the Canadian Judicial Council website. During the 2014 sexual assault trial, Camp reportedly asked the victim the following horrific question: Why couldn t you just keep your knees together? Why didn t you just sink your bottom down into the basin so he couldn t penetrate you? He also reportedly told her that young women want to have sex, particularly if they re drunk. As if those comments weren t disgusting enough, he also told the victim that  some sex and pain sometimes go together  and  that s not necessarily a bad thing. The woman had accused Alexander Wagar of holding her over a sink and brutally raping her during a house party. In September 2014, Camp acquitted Wagar of all charges. The woman appealed and Camp s ruling was overturned by the Alberta Court of Appeals and he is set for a new trial in November.In November of 2015, the Canadian Judicial Council began investigating Camp after a complaint was filed against him by four law professors. As a result, Camp later recused himself from all sexual assault cases. Not long after, members of the public began filing complaints as well.The Alberta attorney general filed a formal complaint against Camp in December and the matter was referred to  inquiry committee,  which consists of three judges and two lawyers. It will be up to this committee to decide if Camp will be removed from the bench.The Houston Chronicle reports that  according to the notice of allegations, Camp s  rude and derogatory  comments  belittle(d) and trivialize(d) the nature of the allegations.  He also made  stereotypical assumptions about how someone confronted with sexual assault would or would not behave.' CBC News reported that the woman said the judge s abhorrent comments made her hate herself. He made me feel like I should have done something, like I was some kind of a slut,  she said.Camp says he s very sorry for his behavior and Frank Addario, his attorney, said he has   consistently shown remorse  for berating the rape victim. Since then, he has reportedly tried  to educate himself and gain insight into his beliefs. Addario insists that Camp should not be removed from the bench because even though he made  insensitive and inappropriate  comments this can be remedied by education. The Chronicle adds that Camp has since  gone through mentoring, counseling about how victims of abuse respond to trauma, and a crash course on the history and current state of sexual assault law. Camp, who grew up in South Africa, received degrees in commerce and law from the University of Stellenbosch but claims he never received any training in how to handle sexual assault cases. In Canada, his practice has mostly dealt with cases involving contractual, trust, oil and gas, and bankruptcy litigation.Watch more here:Featured image via video screen capture",0
4665, Wells Fargo To Give Strikingly Fat Reward To Top Exec For Ripping Off Customers,"Wells Fargo, one of the biggest banks in the U.S., was recently caught running a scam known as  sandbagging,  to inflate bankers  numbers and get them more money. Basically, they were opening fake accounts and transferring customers  money into those accounts without their authorization. They ve been slapped with $185 million in fines, but the executive who is most closely and directly linked to this scam is walking away with a nice, fat reward for it at the end of the year, when she retires.Carrie Tolstedt, the head of Wells Fargo s Scamming Department, will receive almost $125 million at the end of this year despite being in charge of a department that ripped off its customers to inflate its own bottom lines. Of course, as is standard procedure whenever a big company is caught ripping people off, Wells Fargo isn t admitting any wrongdoing, even though this has been going on for the last five years.Tolstedt herself isn t saying anything about it, either, but Wells Fargo is praising her service, saying she s been  a standard bearer of our culture  and  a champion for customers. Yeah, right, charging your customers fees they don t owe because you put their money into accounts they didn t open to inflate your bottom line is being a champion for customers. At least the head of the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau saw right through that drivel: It is quite clear that [the actions of Tolstedt s unit] are unfair and abusive practices under federal law,  said Cordray.  They are a violation of trust and an abuse of trust.' Wells Fargo has fired some 5,300 employees for these tactics, but their clawback provision, which they expanded after the 2008 financial crash, didn t seem to deter this department, and they kept up these secret and deceptive practices. It s bad enough that Elizabeth Warren, who s been after the big banks since she was elected in 2012, wants hearings into Wells Fargo s sandbagging. She doesn t believe Wells Fargo didn t know about the fake accounts any more than anyone with any sense does: Come on this went on for years and they didn t smell anything in the air about fake accounts? And if they did, she believes, then Wells Fargo is too big to manage. Either way, they defrauded their customers and should pay. As should the head of their department.Instead, Wells Fargo has decided to send a message to other banking executives that this kind of behavior is okay. It s the same problem we ve had with the big banks since before 2008. Tolstedt should be fired, and walk away with nothing.Featured image by Joe Raedle/Getty Images",0
4666," Ivanka Trump Shares Famous Jewish Quote, But Hilariously Credits Harry Potter Star (IMAGE)","Ordinarily, it s not cool to go after a presidential candidate s family, but seeing as Ivanka Trump, daughter of Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump, is so active within the campaign, sorry, this is totally fair game.Ivanka, taking to both Twitter and Instagram to presumably share one of her favorite quotes with the many who follow her, posted: If not me, who? If not now, when? Which, ordinarily, is quite apropos for a person to post especially during a presidential campaign despite whether you think it s accurate or not.There s one big problem, however, she credited the quote not to its originator Hillel the Elder, an extremely important person in Jewish history, but rather to Harry Potter star Emma Watson.See more #ITwisewords: https://t.co/KzEUXBsXFb #quote #inspiration pic.twitter.com/mWFdLSxaL3  Ivanka Trump (@IvankaTrump) September 9, 2016Watson, who is also notably a UN Women Goodwill Ambassador, used the quote in her famous speech from 2014. She said: In my nervousness for this speech and in my moments of doubt I ve told myself firmly if not me, who, if not now, when. If you have similar doubts when opportunities are presented to you I hope those words might be helpful. Reactions surrounding Ivanka using this quote have included:Uh, @ivankatrump, as an Orthodox Jew, you should know this was not coined by Emma Watson:https://t.co/E9OrLut4ON pic.twitter.com/u72ShIoVaY  (((Yair Rosenberg))) (@Yair_Rosenberg) September 9, 2016This is what happens when you let Melania's speechwriter run your Instagram account https://t.co/Z9qwHxmyEs  (((Yair Rosenberg))) (@Yair_Rosenberg) September 9, 2016And every passover, we eat the Emma Watson sandwich https://t.co/pENUzrZv7F  Kiera Feldman (@kierafeldman) September 9, 2016Heh:  Girl that s from Hillel.  The craziness here is intensified by the fact that Ivanka s Jewish. pic.twitter.com/VwHvBjkIcc  emily nussbaum (@emilynussbaum) September 9, 2016And yes, Ivanka is Jewish, so one would think she should know where the quote first originated.The best part about all this is, the tweet is still up.Being part of the Trump family is apparently never to admit when you re wrong.Featured Photo by Paul Morigi/Getty Images for Fortune/Time Inc",0
4667, WATCH: Republican Kentucky Governor Calls For Bloody Rebellion If Hillary Clinton Is Elected,"While Donald Trump is urging gun owners to assassinate Hillary Clinton before the election, Kentucky GOP Governor Matt Bevin is suggesting a bloody rebellion if she is elected.In a move that should make Kentucky voters hang their heads in shame, Bevin appeared before a crowd at the Values Voter Summit on Saturday and instantly made conservative  Christians  even more paranoid and bloodthirsty than they already were by claiming that Hillary Clinton is a tyrant who will destroy America if she is allowed to be in charge for very long. We don t have multiple options,  he said.  We re going one way or we re going the other way, politically, spiritually, morally, economically, from a liberty standpoint. We re going one way or we re going the other way. Bevin painted liberals as un-American for preventing conservative  Christians  from declaring America a Christian nation and instituting the Bible as the law of the land in place of the Constitution. They try to silence us. They try to get us to shut our mouths. They try to embarrass us. Don t be embarrassed. We were not redeemed to have a spirit of timidity. Be bold. There s enough Neville Chamberlains in the world. Be a Winston Churchill There are quite enough sheep already. Be a shepherd. After declaring that  America is worth fighting for, ideologically,  Bevin suggested spilling blood if that s what it takes to keep Hillary Clinton and the Democrats out of power. Somebody asked me yesterday, I did an interview and they said,  Do you think it s possible, if Hillary Clinton were to win the election, do you think it s possible that we ll be able to survive? That we would ever be able to recover as a nation? And while there are people who have stood on this stage and said we would not, I would beg to differ. But I will tell you this: I do think it would be possible, but at what price? At what price? The roots of the tree of liberty are watered by what? The blood, of who? The tyrants to be sure, but who else? The patriots. Whose blood will be shed? It may be that of those in this room. It might be that of our children and grandchildren. I have nine children. It breaks my heart to think that it might be their blood that is needed to redeem something, to reclaim something, that we through our apathy and our indifference have given away. Here s the video via YouTube:Earlier this year at one of his rallies, Donald Trump suggested that  Second Amendment people  could do something to prevent Hillary Clinton from picking Supreme Court nominees. If she gets to pick her judges, nothing you can do, folks. Although the Second Amendment people   maybe there is, I don t know. And now a very extreme conservative Republican governor is taking that idea and running with it, proving that Hillary was right to call Trump supporters deplorable.Featured Image: Screenshot ",0
4668," Veteran Doesn’t Want Your Thanks, He Wants You To Vote For Hillary","Marine Corps Veteran Frank Biggio appreciates your recognition of his services, but he doesn t want it anymore. This year is far too important. Instead, he says, he wants you to vote and he wants you to vote for Hillary Clinton.In an op-ed in Cleveland.com, Biggio outlined strong differences between the two major party candidates, and for him, Trump is unacceptable:One of our options includes a man who has glibly spoken about using nuclear weapons in Europe and the Middle East and seems unconcerned about nuclear proliferation by other countries simply because it is  going to happen anyway;  who fails to comprehend the deterrent effect of U.S. troops in South Korea against increasingly belligerent threats by North Korea; who would allow NATO member states on Russia s western border to fall to Kremlin aggressions unless they  pay up;  and who has denigrated the family of an Army captain killed in action while serving his country.This is a mercurial man who will have almost unchecked authority to put uniformed men and women in harm s way, but whose understanding of foreign affairs and military strategy is based almost solely on his instincts rather than analysis.Biggio goes on to say that he has served under many commanders and none of them have resorted to  primitive and distracting antics like belligerent shouting or chest thumping.  He also wrote about how every commander he s served under is humble with victories and takes responsibility for failures. Trump, he said, would never credit his team for success and he d never take blame for failure. Instead, Biggio compared Trump to the fictional Captain Queeg in  The Caine Mutiny :Trump is no Eisenhower. He s more like the fictional Captain Queeg played by Humphrey Bogart in  The Caine Mutiny    paranoid, erratic, condescending and ultimately incompetent. There are many other apt analogies, but each is equally frightening when thinking of Trump directing the deployment of our military to today s ambiguous front lines, perhaps just to prove that he can.Biggio is concerned for the 2.2 million members of the military if Trump is elected:Will we elect a man who, without offering any clarity, boasts that he  will be so good at the military, your head will spin,  as if his high school graduation from a military academy validates that claim, and hopes that the electorate will simply trust that will be so? Whose behavior and public comments cause a collective group of 50 foreign policy experts, most of whom are from the Republican Party and have at one time sat in the White House Situation Room and contemplated the implications   and repercussions   of deploying our military, to publicly denounce him and the security and foreign policy positions he has proposed?Biggio agrees with many that Clinton is not without flaws (who is?), but he admires and respects her experience, her pragmatism and the fact that she knows when to be decisive and when to exhibit restraint:This Election Day, please thank me for my service by voting for Hillary Clinton as our president and commander in chief.We will, Major Biggio.Featured image via Cherie Cullen/Getty Images. ",0
4669, Trump Suggests Banning Moderators At Debates: Matt Lauer ‘Was Tough On Me’,"Matt Lauer s performance as moderator of the IAVA Commander-in-Chief Forum was roundly slammed, but according to Donald Trump, the morning show host was not easy on him. So, Donald has come up with a way for the debates to treat him fairly.  The GOP thin-skinned presidential nominee thinks there should be no moderators.Donald pulled the  system is being gamed  card. As far as the debates are concerned, the system is being gamed because everybody said that I won the debate, you know, the so-called forum that your group put on,  Trump said.  But they all said I won and that Matt Lauer was easy on me. Well he wasn t. He was   I thought he was very professional, I have to be honest. I think he s been treated very unfairly, but they all said that I won, and what they re doing is they re gaming the system so that when I go into the debate, I m gonna get   be treated very, very unfairly by the moderators. Donald added that Lauer,  wasn t nice to me. He was tough on me. He gave me tough [questions]. I answered them better than she did. That must have been a different debate than the one we all watched. #LaueringTheBar quickly trended on Twitter. Lauer interrupted Hillary repeatedly while letting Donald speak without calling out the Republican candidate s lies. Meanwhile, Edward Murrow is spinning in his grave. The fact is, that they re gaming the system, and I think, maybe, we should have no moderator,  Donald said.  Let Hillary and I sit there and just debate because I think the system is being rigged so it s gonna be a very unfair debate, and I can see it happening right now because everyone s saying that he was soft on Trump,  he continued.  Well now the new person s gonna try to be really hard on Trump just to show, you know, the establishment what he can do. So I think it s very unfair what they re doing. So I think we should have a debate with no moderators   just Hillary and I sitting there talking. On Monday, Trump-backing CNN contributor Jeffrey Lord echoed Donald s thoughts on banning moderators for the debates. Has anyone seen Lord and Trump in the same room together? They might be the same person. They sure sound exactly alike.If Donald is afraid of a moderator, then he wouldn t fare well in talks with a world leader.Featured image via  Mark Wallheiser/Getty",0
4670," Derby Event Asks Crowd To Stand For Confederate Flag, Forcing Police Officer To Sit During National Anthem","It s one thing to have a choice to sit to during the national anthem, but it s something else entirely when one is forced to do so.Prior to a demolition derby event in West Jordan, Utah, police officer Daniel Argueta and his family were forced to sit during the Star Spangled Banner because the truck carrying the American flag also carried a Confederate flag, which Stirrin  Dirt Racing owner Jim Simko blamed on  helpers  by claiming it was added shortly before the anthem.But that s not true according to Argueta, who says the Confederate flag was positioned on the truck a full hour before the anthem took place. In other words, there was plenty of time to remove the flag but it wasn t.As a result, the crowd was asked to stand and salute a racist flag of traitors alongside the stars and stripes.And that s why Argueta and his family chose to sit instead. You kind of get caught in, yes, you want to stand, you support the U.S. flag,  Argueta told KSTU-TV.  You support the troops, you support police officers, but what is the Confederate flag doing there? For anybody that knows history and understands the negative impact of that flag and how it s been used historically, it s hard to stand up. The Confederate flag has drawn much outrage in recent years, especially after white supremacist Dylann Roof murdered nine black parishioners at a church in South Carolina. The state finally removed the Confederate flag that had been flying for decades outside the statehouse, which had been raised in protest of civil rights.Simko tried to excuse the presence of the Confederate flag by arguing that people should be free to fly it. It wasn t politically correct, I m sure, for some people, but there s some people who look at that flag and say this is the land of the free,  Simko said.  It shouldn t have happened, but I can t, unfortunately, watch what everybody does at every minute. Again, Simko had 60 minutes to make sure it didn t happen and he did nothing. Also, individuals have the freedom to fly the flag all they want on their private property. But this event forced people to salute a flag that had no business flying during our national anthem. It was humiliating,  Argueta said. It was demeaning, because with all the controversy going on with the flag recently and people sitting during the anthem, we had all intended to stand, but we couldn t. People probably looked around, probably wondering what we were doing. Here s the video via KSTU.The reason why athletes such as Colin Kaepernick are sitting during the national anthem is because they are protesting police brutality and racial inequality. They have the right to make that choice and so far it has brought attention to the issues they want to highlight.Of course, if a pastor in Alabama had his way, the Argueta family and all of these athletes would be lined up against a wall and executed for not standing, thus demonstrating that conservatives don t really understand what freedom is at all.Featured image via Deseret News",0
4671, Rocker Marilyn Manson Is Thrilled That Fox News Is Imploding,"Fox News is falling apart and no one is happier than Marilyn Manson, who was one of their biggest targets in the 1990s.Sexual harassment scandals and an exodus of top talent combined with an aging audience has put great strain on the conservative network in recent months. Millions of dollars has been lost and Fox s reputation as a defender of  family values  among conservatives has taken a major hit.Most of the public is cheering for Fox News  collapse, bu shock rocker Marilyn Manson is cheering louder.Back in the 1990s, Fox News viciously attacked Manson and his music and falsely blamed him for the Columbine mass school shooting, which led to Manson appearing on the show to humiliate Bill O Reilly.During an interview with the Daily Beast, Manson talked about Fox News and expressed his joy at watching the network fall after being asked if he gets a  sense of satisfaction out of seeing Fox News and its former chief Roger Ailes get its comeuppance? Fox News was just starting up and Columbine was really their platform that launched them. They used me and I enjoyed going up against Bill O Reilly. I remember being in their building and walking right past Shepard Smith, and he was the one who d reported on Columbine inaccurately. He was the one saying [the shooters] were wearing Marilyn Manson makeup and shirts which none of that was true and I walked right past him and gave him the f*cking dead eye. And Bill O Reilly was so ill-prepared, I loved handing him his ass. So yeah, it s been fun watching them go down. Roger Ailes was forced to resign after it was revealed that he spent years sexually harassing female employees, including Gretchen Carlson and Andrea Tantaros, both of whom filed lawsuits against Fox. Tantaros  lawsuit is ongoing but Carlson recently settled hers and received $20 million from the network and an apology.Speaking of Bill O Reilly, he is named in Tantaros  lawsuit, which must bring even more of a smile to Manson s face.Featured image via Wikimedia",0
4672, Wikileaks Admits To Screwing Up IMMENSELY With Twitter Poll On Hillary’s Health,"Wikileaks, which is more a conspiracy enterprise than it is a whistleblowing watchdog these days, put up a poll on Twitter that asked users to tell them which health issue they thought was causing Hillary s coughing fits and  unusual body movements.  All four of their answers have been bandied about by conservatives everywhere, as they try and diagnose Hillary in a frantic attempt to prove she s unfit to be President.They ve since deleted the poll and put a tweet in its place that s supposed to be a sort of retraction and apology, or as close as Wikileaks will ever get to admitting they royally screwed up. However, the Internet is keeping the poll and publishing it everywhere they can. Buzzfeed s Andrew Kaczynski republished a screencap of it while needling Wikileaks about transparency, since that s what Wikileaks was supposed to be about before they turned into conspiracy theorists with a hate-on for Hillary:.@wikileaks deleted their tweet. Obviously in the nature of openness & transparency I have preserved it right here: pic.twitter.com/IdrgFlxP3A  andrew kaczynski (@BuzzFeedAndrew) September 11, 2016Wikileaks  apparently didn t like the flack they were catching for that poll, though, and tweeted out their non-apology accordingly: We removed our earlier poll on what people perceive are the reasons for Clinton s medical issues as the possibilities are too speculative.  WikiLeaks (@wikileaks) September 11, 2016They should know that poll is never going to die, though, and their non-apology is almost as insulting as the poll. They revel in this kind of thing, along with the backlash involved   in fact, they have yet to remove the credit card information of DNC donors from their collection of the hacked emails, despite the outrage over that.Hillary left the 9/11 event she was attending early and appeared to collapse before being helped into a van. Her campaign later revealed that she d been diagnosed with pneumonia, and that she was overheated and dehydrated, which can happen when someone s sick and in the sun. Her doctor later said that she was recovering nicely from this episode.Seeing as how a lot of people have completely forgotten, here s a little reminder that this isn t unprecedented: In 2002, George W. Bush passed out in the White House after eating a pretzel. After eating a pretzel. Apparently, it went down wrong and  stimulated a nerve that decreased his heart rate.  Enough for him to faint.But Hillary momentarily succumbing to an illness while standing in the sun is some sort of scandal. Right.The medical term for what happened to Bush is vasovagal syncope, and it s actually quite common. So are run-of-the-mill respiratory infections that lead to pneumonia when left unchecked, even in presidential candidates. Hillary s schedule has been grueling, to say the least, and yet she s supposed to either be a super woman and never get sick, or admit that even the merest cold means she s too sick to run for President.The haters, however, are looking for any shred of evidence they can find that  proves  Hillary is unfit to serve. Wikileaks decided to take it too far.Featured image by Carl Court/Getty Images",0
4673, Jamelle Bouie Says Science Proves Half Of GOP Are Deplorable (VIDEO),"The right-wing was quick to claim that Clinton had experienced her own  47% moment  with her  basket full of deplorables  remark. But nothing could be further from the truth. Clinton s remark turns out to be fairly accurate.In fact, if anything Clinton actually undersold just how deplorable Trump s supporters actually are. During an appearance on CBS s Face the Nation on Sunday, Slate s chief political correspondent, Jamelle Bouie explained how the statement Clinton made is supported by scientific evidence.Bouie looked at polling data that showed that more than half of Republicans believe that President is a Muslim or was born in another country. So, I m inclined to see it as strategy and not so much as a gaffe because when I heard the remark, my first question was: Well, is this true? Right? Regardless of how it sounds, what it looks like, what is the case about Donald Trump supporters?  Bouie asks.  And if you break down the numbers and you look at the RealClearPolitics average, and it gives Trump, 43 percent of the registered voters, there re about 30, 31 million people. Compare that to polls show 65 to 70 percent of all Republicans who say that Barack Obama either wasn t born in the United States or is a Muslim. If one doesn t think that believe that birtherism is a bad enough belief to hold to earn the title of deplorable, then Bouie has the data to show that roughly have of Republicans are racist. You look at pilot data from the American National Election Study, and it shows upward of 40 percent of Republicans saying things like blacks are more violent, blacks are lazier, Muslims are more violent, Muslims are lazier,  Bouie points out. Among Trump supporters in particular, 60, 50, 70 percent of them agree with statements that political scientists categorize as being explicitly racist,  Bouie continues.  So I m looking at Clinton s statement, and half, which is about 31 million people again, doesn t really seem that out of bounds. Forty to 50 percent of Republicans, I would say looking at the full spectrum of data, agree with beliefs that we would categorize as explicitly prejudiced. So regardless of whether or not Clinton needs to walk it back or not, I think she s being correct and accurate. Conservatives are angry at Clinton because they still cannot accept that pointing out bigotry and racism do not make the person bringing it up racist. Clinton may have half-heartedly backtracked on her statement; her sentiment was worded poorly even if it was accurate.As Bakari Sellers pointed out on Sunday While on CNN s State of the Union, it doesn t matter how many of Trump s supporters are bigoted racists or not because they are all supporting a candidate who is a bigot.There is no left-wing conspiracy out there to make Republicans and trump supporters like deplorable. As polling indicates, they self-identify as being racist bigots on their own.You can watch the clip below.Featured image from video screenshot",0
4674, Here’s The REAL Reason Hillary Clinton Left That 9/11 Memorial Early Sunday,"It seemed like it took exactly 30 seconds for every person on the right-wing to take Hillary Clinton s early departure from a 9/11 memorial as proof that she is suffering from some severe medical disorder. In reality, Clinton did actually become overheated. Her medical doctor released a statement that explains that Clinton is currently suffering from pneumonia. It explains why she has been coughing on the campaign trail and why she needed to leave the event she was attending in New York.Politico reports that Clinton s physician, Lisa Bardack released a statement saying: Secretary Clinton has been experiencing a cough related to allergies. On Friday, during follow up evaluation of her prolonged cough, she was diagnosed with pneumonia. She was put on antibiotics, and advised to rest and modify her schedule. While at this morning s event, she became overheated and dehydrated. I have just examined her and she is now re-hydrated and recovering nicely. Shocking. It s almost as if Clinton is a human being who gets sick. Pneumonia can, of course, turn deadly. However, given the medical miracles of the modern age, she ll probably be fine.  Just as Clinton s doctor, who you know, actually has a medical degree, and who examined her just today after the incident says she will be.Thanks to right-wing blowhards such as Sean Hannity, this bizarre health conspiracy has gone totally mainstream. It really says a lot about the power that the right-wing has harnessed when it comes to the media, both in traditional and online formats. They managed to turn a brief clip of Clinton falling while being rushed into a car into absolute proof that Clinton is suffering from Alzheimer s disease or whatever they believe she has this week.Welcome to the era of Alex Jones-like mass media speculation.Featured image from  Justin Sullivan/Getty Images",0
4675, ‘Pharma Bro’ Just Yelled This At Hillary To Remind Us He’s Still A MASSIVE Douche (VIDEO),"You may have heard that Hillary Clinton had a minor medical episode on Sunday, that resulted in her leaving a 9/11 memorial ceremony in New York. After she left, Clinton went to her daughter s apartment. Outside of the apartment, reporters and others questioned Clinton as to what her current medical state is. Among the crowd was Martin Shkreli, a.k.a  Pharma Bro .While outside of the apartment, Shkreli shouted  stupid stuff  as he put it on Twitter at Hillary Clinton. He uploaded video evidence of his douchbaggery online. Shkreli shouted things such as  Are you still alive?  and  Do you need Pharma Bro s help?  As well as saying,  Go Trump. Shkreli definitely hit the nail on the head when describing his comments.Me yelling stupid stuff at Hillary: https://t.co/AhlAt24lVd  Martin Shkreli (@MartinShkreli) September 11, 2016I enjoyed screaming ""why are you so sick"" and ""go trump"" at @HillaryClinton . Get well soon bae!  Martin Shkreli (@MartinShkreli) September 11, 2016So, Martin Shkreli, former CEO of Turing Pharmaceuticals, was outside for Clinton's apartment departure pic.twitter.com/jdrmDci3ln  Dan Merica (@danmericaCNN) September 11, 2016To understand just how truly horrible Pharma Bro s comments are, you need to set aside all of your prior ideas about Hillary Clinton. Imagine she isn t a public figure running to take over the Oval Office. Clinton is a 68-year-old woman who appears to have suffered from a case of heat stroke. It turns out Clinton has pneumonia.I know that this is a man whose only real claim to fame is being almost universally hated for jacking up the price of an essential HIV medication 4,000 percent for no apparent reason other than to raise profits. Yet, while doing that he was operating under capitalist imperatives to do so. It isn t right, but price gauging is currently all the rage in the pharmaceutical industry.Mocking a person for having a medical issue is just plain sadistic. What s worse is the fact that there is an audience out there who is willing to listen and encourage this type of behavior. Judging by the comments it is mostly Trump supporters who found the scene to be absolutely hilarious. It s sad that segments of the right-wing have decided to throw away any pretense of having basic human decency.Featured image from screenshot ",0
4676, Facebook’s Bad Week Of ‘Trending News’ Ends With The Most Tone-Deaf 9/11 Topic Imaginable,"Today s a somber day of remembrance for the lives lost 15 years ago in the World Trade Center, the Pentagon, United Flight 93, and all the sacrifices made since then. Social media has been tracking 9/11 topics for the last several days, as they should, but two days ago, Facebook also decided to feature a story that s nothing but a truther conspiracy in its  trending topics  sidebar.9/11 truthers are conspiracy theorists loudly proclaiming that the attacks were an inside job. This particular story was from a U.K. tabloid site called The Daily Star, and it says (because of course it does): Engineers Steven Jones, Robert Korol, Anthony Szamboti and Ted Walter are part of the growing community of experts who say evidence indicates the towers were brought down in a controlled demolition.They wrote a paper for Europhysics News highlighting four important pieces of evidence pointing to this conclusion.These were: fires are not normally hot enough to heat a massive steel structure enough for it to collapse; the majority of high rise buildings have sprinkler systems that prevent a fire from getting hot enough to heat steel to a critical level; skyskrapers (sic) are protected using flame-proof materials and they are also designed so that if compromised, they do not collapse. Spelling errors aside, there is actually a wealth of evidence showing that the Twin Towers did not have adequate fireproofing on their superstructures. Not to mention that these four engineers are well-known truthers immune to actual science and fact. They re  experts,  though, and must be taken seriously. Not.But that s beside the point.Facebook recently got rid of all its trained journalists for its  trending  section. Zuckerberg said that the change was because they re a platform, not a content creator (the truth probably has more to do with money than that, but Facebook won t admit it). Yet, the result has been awful. A false story about Megyn Kelly. A man using a McChicken sandwich for sexual pleasure. A satire piece about Siri coming out of the iPhone 8 and cooking. BreitAnd now, an impossibly disrespectful story about the alleged truth of the 9/11 attacks. That trivializes everyone who died, everyone who worked rescue, everyone who s sick from working rescue, everyone who lost family members, our military men and women who died in Afghanistan trying to find Osama bin Laden and take down the Taliban, and the experiences of the entire country during and following that tragic day.While it s true that trending topics will include topics and stories we disagree with, for this to be one of the top trending stories just prior to the 15th anniversary of those attacks shows just how clueless, cold and insensitive Facebook has become without its real, bona fide journalists to determine trending topics.It seems that Facebook s decision to automate, automate, automate was one of the worst ideas in the long, sad history of bad ideas. Fortunately, this story was removed from their trending topics list, but the Internet never forgets.Featured image by Otto Greule Jr/Getty Images",0
4677, Bakari Sellers: Not All Trump Supporters Are Bigots But They Support One (VIDEO),"Political analyst Bakari Sellers appeared on CNN s State of the Union Sunday where he defended Clinton s  basket of deplorables  statement and explained why he and voters of color are terrified of Trump.Diane Black, a Republican Congresswoman from Tennessee called for both candidates to tone down their name-calling: I think for presidential candidates; they need to get away from this name-calling on both sides. This is about teaching our children and our grandchildren on how to act. Of how to have healthy relationship with other people who disagree with you. Sellers shot back at Black, saying: I don t have much respect for bigots, for misogynists, for xenophobes,  he told her.  For him to embrace that at certain points   I was backstage, on set, when Jake Tapper asked him multiple times about David Duke, and he embraced that. He did not repudiate that. Sellers didn t stop there. He continued his condemnation of Trump supporters, saying that: There s a certain point when you have to take some leadership and say that is not what this country is built upon. The people who wear Confederate flag T-shirts at the rallies and say  let s make America great again ? That petrifies me. It literally petrifies me, because that is not what our country is about. It s interesting to witness the conservative backlash against Hillary Clinton s  deplorables  comment. Clinton s biggest problem with regards to the matter was her apologizing for the comment. The comment wasn t meant to be an in-depth dissection of Trump s supporters. At least a significant portion of Trump s supporters could be described as being deplorable, or at least hold deplorable views for that matter. Keep in mind, Trump has the support of just about every hate group in the United States behind him.Sellers makes his best point during the segment when he says that: Not all Donald Trump supporters are bigots. Not all of them, by any stretch. However, they do have to be okay with supporting a bigot. Sellers  commentary is spot on. Trump has used hateful, vile rhetoric towards just about every political minority in the United States. He doesn t have a coherent policy proposal in his platform and his supporters do not seem to care. That makes the idea of having an issues based election impossible to have.You can watch the segment below in full.Featured image from video screenshot",0
4678," Poll: Clinton Leads Trump By 10 Points, Obama’s Approval Rating Skyrockets","While the media will have you believe Donald Trump is on the cusp of overtaking Clinton, the polls speak for themselves. After CNN got caught cooking the polls to benefit Trump, the Washington Post/ABC News came back with a dose of truth: Hillary Clinton is still trouncing Trump.Their most recent poll, released September 11, shows Clinton with a 10 point lead (45-35) over Trump among registered voters, and a five point lead (46-41) among likely voters. According to the poll, 7 in 10 voters have already made up their minds about who to vote for, while 3 in 10 say they are undecided or could change their mind in the coming months.However, Clinton should be worried when it comes to her supporters determination to voting in November:Trump s supporters report greater interest in the campaign and voting, which could factor into turnout. More than 6 in 10 registered voters who support Trump say they are following the campaign very closely, and 93 percent say they are absolutely certain to vote. By contrast, 45 percent of Clinton backers are paying close attention to the race, and 80 percent are certain to vote, while one-fifth say they will probably or are less likely to cast a ballot.Not all is bad news for Clinton. Trump is currently doing worse than Romney did in 2012 among white voters while Clinton is seeing a historic gain for Democrats amongst white college-educated women, a demographic that typically votes Republican. Clinton leads that category by 20 points.Clinton has also collected more support with Independent voters than Trump (39-37 percent). Earlier last month, Clinton was behind Trump with Independents.While Clinton will have to work harder to coalesce her supporters to vote (she has the numbers for an outright win) she does have another advantage: President Obama s extreme popularity.President Obama s approval rating has hit seven year high of 58 percent. Not since July 2009 has he enjoyed that much support.Here s why that helps Clinton: an incumbent president s approval rating is one factor that directly corresponds with how a candidate (of the same party) performs with voters, with other factors including economic standing, polls, etc.Don t believe he hub that Trump is  closing in  on Hillary Clinton. The only thing in the way of Clinton winning in a landslide is the 20 percent of Democratic voters that are apathetic. This is why Democrats need to get out and vote, not get cocky or complacent.Featured image via Joe Readle/Getty Images",0
4679," As World Trade Center Fell, Donald Trump Boasted His Tower Was Now The Biggest In Manhattan","September 11 was arguably the worst day in American history. All Americans were shell-shocked, fearful, and lost in grief and confusion.Well, almost all Americans were grief stricken, except of course Donald Trump. In his typical form, Trump used an unimaginable horror to prop himself up and pat himself on the back.As the World Trade Center collapsed to the ground, Trump, in a by-phone T.V. interview, boasted that his building, 40 Wall Street, was now the tallest building in lower Manhattan.Reporter: You have one of the landmark buildings down in the financial district there, 40 Wall Street   uh   did you have any damage? What s happened down there?Trump: Oh, it s an amazing phone call I made, 40 Wall Street actually was the second tallest building in downtown Manhattan and it was actually before the World Trade Center was the tallest, and when they built the World Trade Center it became known as the second tallest. But now it s the tallest.Congratulations, Trump. As thousands of people lie dead in a mast of rubble and debris, you single handedly turn a national tragedy into praise for yourself and your buildings.Imagine if Hillary Clinton, who was Senator of New York at the time, had said something so incredibly offensive, so devoid of sympathy or empathy for New Yorkers.Of course his supporters   Republicans who exploit 9/11 to draw out our fears   will dismiss this as another liberal character assault. Coupled with his lies about Muslims, the theft of his  charity  for 9/11 survivors, it should come as no surprise that Donald Trump did not care on iota about what happened.Only a egomaniacal narcissist would take the opportunity to plug in his business as being the biggest (and thus the best) as an iconic hallmark of the world crumbles.Watch the exchange for yourself and share it with all your  patriotic  Trump-supporting friends and family. Show them how hereally felt on 9/11:There s audio of Trump patting himself on the back for having the tallest building in Manhattan after the WTC fell! pic.twitter.com/vQFFcAibQz  Josh Jordan (@NumbersMuncher) September 11, 2016Here s your candidate, Republicans, in all his glory.Featured image via Spencer Platt/Getty Images",0
4680, Alabama Pastor Says People Who Don’t Stand For National Anthem Should Be Executed,"And his church supported him.An Alabama  Christian  pastor told a crowd at a McKenzie High School football game that if they don t stand for the national anthem they should be lined up and executed by our military.Pastor Allen Joyner of the Sweet Home Baptist Church made the announcement prior to the match, therefore abusing his position as the school s game announcer. If you don t want to stand for the national anthem, you can line up over there by the fence and let our military personnel take a few shots at you since they re taking shots for you,  Joyner declared on Friday as the crowd cheered.Denise Crowley-Whitfield, who attended the game and heard Joyner s remarks, posted about them on Facebook but quickly deleted the post.Here s a screenshot of the post via AL.com.Joyner s church posted on their Facebook page that they support their pastor s statement but they were also forced to delete the post and actually went as far as deleting their account because they know how big of a shit storm they ve walked into.Clearly, Joyner was referencing San Francisco 49ers quarterback Colin Kaepernick and others who support him for sitting during the anthem in protest of police brutality and racial inequality that has run rampant in this country despite the delusions of white conservatives who believe otherwise.Conservatives have blown a gasket ever since Kaepernick began his protest, calling for him and any athlete who joins him to be thrown out of the country or worse for exercising his constitutional rights to free speech and protest.Butler County Schools Superintendent Amy Bryan did not make the mistake of supporting Joyner s remarks and roundly condemned them before suggesting that the school board may address the remarks and deal with Joyner at the next meeting. Patriotism should be a part of school events but threats of shooting people who aren t patriotic, even in jest, have no place at a school,  she said.  Threats of violence are a violation of school policy and certainly not condoned by the school board. According to AL.com, the most prominent condemnation of Joyner came from Air Force veteran Mark Bender, who commented on Sweet Home Alabama Baptist s Facebook post before the entire account was deleted. We fight so that all Americans retain their rights and freedoms to protest. I would never turn a weapon on my own countryman simply because they protest by remaining seated during the national anthem, by refusing to recite the pledge of allegiance, refusing to stand or pledge during any act. These things we do, these pledges, these songs, these are not compulsory acts. They are acts that we are all free to join or not.I am proud that we have that freedom whether or not I agree with someone s non-violent protest. You, on the other hand are promoting extremist violence by way of state sanctioned executions. You are obviously standing for the compulsory actions by way of preaching hatred, jingoism, American exceptionalism   all because people do not believe or think as you do. I am grateful that the majority of Americans do not thirst for their brother s blood as you do. You are a disgrace, those who agree with you are a disgrace, and you are a black mark upon this great nation. You should certainly hang your heads in shame. What this alleged  man of God  is advocating for is exactly what fascism looks like. This is nationalism at its most extreme and Joyner should be fired by his church and removed from his announcing job by the school. He literally called for murdering people who exercise their rights and that diminishes any alleged moral authority his church could claim as well as creates a more dangerous atmosphere for people who support Kaepernick, especially considering all of the gun nuts out there who are just crazy enough to use Joyner s remarks as a call to action. And he ll have blood on his hands if they pull the trigger.Featured Image: Wikimedia",0
4681, Uncovered Audio Shows LIVID Hillary Clinton After 9/11 (VIDEO),"September 11, 2001, was not only the day of the biggest terrorist attack to hit American soil, it was also a test of politicians, especially in the Bush administration and those serving New York. Hillary Clinton was New York s Junior Senator at the time and in a newly uncovered video, she became livid at the Bush administration s lies, particularly about air quality after the attacks.First, a little background. The attacks of 9/11 had devastating affects for the country. It, after all, was the catalyst for two of the longest wars in America s history. Nearly 3,000 people died as a direct result of the planes hitting the Twin Towers, but as of last year, nearly 21,000 people have filed eligibility reports claiming they became sick in the aftermath.Some of the victims weren t even in New York at the time of the attacks, but they felt a need to help, so they traveled to New York. It s understandable if those people felt it was safe. After all, the Bush administration told us it was.A week after two hijacked passenger jets were flown into the towers of the World Trade Center, killing 2,753 people   184 died in the Pentagon in Washington DC and 40 were killed when a United Airlines plane came down in a field in Pennsylvania   (former Bush Environmental Protection Agency head, Christine Todd) Whitman issued a statement. It said:  I am glad to reassure the people of New York   that their air is safe to breathe and their water is safe to drink. Three days after the attacks, Whitman, who had previously been the Republican governor of New Jersey, told reporters:  The good news continues to be that air samples we have taken have all been at levels that cause us no concern. Source: The GuardianWhitman hasn t exactly acknowledged that she lied to the American people, but she has admitted that she s very sorry. I m very sorry that people are sick,  she said.  I m very sorry that people are dying and if the EPA and I in any way contributed to that, I m sorry. We did the very best we could at the time with the knowledge we had. She added:  Every time it comes around to the anniversary I cringe, because I know people will bring up my name, they blame me, they say that I lied and that people died because I lied, [they say] people have died because I made a mistake. I guess that s better than most members of the least introspective presidential administration in modern history.Hillary Clinton saw through it and she was livid, but as CNN s guest, Edward Pilkington of The Guardian, in the video below commented, she was also very well educated on the topic. He called her a  sponge for information. Here s the video:We know that Hillary Clinton is incredibly smart, that she does like to immerse herself in knowledge and in research, but this video shows her as incredibly passionate when it comes to her constituents, and isn t that we want in our leaders?Featured image via video screen capture. ",0
4682, Former EPA Head FINALLY Admits She Was Wrong About Ground Zero Air Quality,"On the day before the 15th anniversary of September 11, the former head of the Environmental Protection Agency, Republican Christie Todd Whitman, has finally admitted she was wrong about the air quality at Ground Zero.In the days following the crippling attack, Whitman reassured first responders and those cleaning up the wreckage that the public air quality was safe to breathe:I am glad to reassure the people of New York   that their air is safe to breathe and their water is safe to drinkAs thousands of Americans suffer debilitating illness   and death   due to the toxicity of the, Whitman remained silent for years. Until now. Speaking to the Guardian, Whitman expressed immense guilt and regret for staying silent, and told the paper she still  feels awful  at the events that transpired:Whatever we got wrong, we should acknowledge and people should be helped. I m very sorry that people are sick,  she said.  I m very sorry that people are dying and if the EPA and I in any way contributed to that, I m sorry. We did the very best we could at the time with the knowledge we had. Every time it comes around to the anniversary I cringe, because I know people will bring up my name, they blame me, they say that I lied and that people died because I lied, [they say] people have died because I made a mistake.No doubt that Whitman feels ashamed. No doubt she is riddled with regret and guilt. But after 15 years she final decides to speak? After more than 1,100 people have been diagnosed with cancer related to the effects of Ground Zero   and nearly 900 first responders have died as of June 2009  the apology comes a little too late.The effects of Ground Zero have been know for years and years. Republicans have played politics with healthcare, and like Whitman, have not taken responsibility for their actions.As early as 2003, the Inspector General criticized the EPA s handling of the situation, and still no accountability or responsibility was taken. Whitman did resign, but contends it had nothing to do with the Inspector General s findings and instead stems from personal decisions after disagreements with Vice President Dick Cheney. Whitman had an opportunity to take responsibility, but chose not to.Republicans criticize Obama s response to Ebola, Zika, H1-N1, but look over Whitman and th Bush Administration s shameful ignorance ad deflection of the Ground Zero cancer cases.An apology fifteen years too late, but better late than never I suppose.Featured image via Aaron Davidson/Getty Images",0
4683, WATCH: Krystal Ball Hits Whiny Trump Supporter With Reality That ‘Deplorables’ Love His Campaign,"When a Donald Trump minion whined about Hillary Clinton referring to Trump supporters as a  basket of deplorables  Krystal Ball was there to destroy her with the truth.During a face-off between Ball and Scottie Nell Hughes on CNN on Saturday, Hughes threw a hissy fit because Hillary dared to slam Trump s racist hateful supporters and called her  desperate. The problem is that Trump s supporters are exactly what Hillary called them. They are deplorable racists who have stooped to bottom of the barrel politics. They have called for killing or imprisoning Hillary and have committed violence against black people at Trump rallies all while disparaging Latinos and calling President Obama a terrorist.And Krystal Ball had no sympathy for Hughes considering everything Trump supporters have said and done over the last year. To be honest with you, the truth hurts. I don t know that it s half of Trump supporters, but you can t deny the fact that you ve got the David Dukes of the world in his camp backing him strongly. You can t deny the fact that if you go on white nationalist website Stormfront, they love their glorious leader Donald Trump. You can t deny that when you go to his rallies you hear the N-word thrown around casually and Hillary Clinton referred to as the B-word.So, he has tapped into this very ugly stream in America I think it s frankly important to point out the kind of company you re keeping if you re going to back somebody like Donald Trump. And Ball is right. Trump s campaign is a sea full of racist bigots who hide under white sheets, think we should persecute Muslims, and think women should submit to the will of men.In fact, polling data backs up Hillary Clinton s remark.According to ThinkProgress, polls show that two-thirds of Trump s supporters think President Obama is a Muslim, which is not only Islamophobic, it s racist, too.Furthermore, 40 percent of Trump s supporters think black people are  lazy  and another 50 percent think black people are more violent than whites. One-third of them think putting Japanese-Americans in internment camps was a good idea. 20 percent think Lincoln should not have freed the slaves and 30 percent of Trump s fans in South Carolina want to ban gay people from living in the United States.So when Hillary Clinton said that half of Trump s supporters are deplorable she was damn spot on.But Hughes continued to whine, and not only did she defend white supremacists, she oozed hypocrisy. I don t agree with what Krystal said about those different groups, I think that it once again is just Hillary Clinton trying to divide. She doesn t want to unify Would you like me to sit there and say that Hillary Clinton is accountable for cop killings? Or for communism or anarchism or all of the crazy fringes that exist on the left right now? Here s the video via YouTube:Except that Trump and his supporters already regularly accuse Hillary Clinton of being a communist and have repeatedly blamed her and President Obama for the deaths of police officers. And unlike Donald Trump, Hillary Clinton has never called for the assassination of her political opponent.It should also be pointed out that in addition to Hillary slamming Trump s deplorable supporters, she did express empathy for Trump supporters who have legitimate concerns,  people who feel the government has let them down, the economy let them down, nobody cares about them, those are people we have to understand and empathize with as well. Featured Image: Screenshot",0
4684," Michelle Obama Posed for A Photo, So Conservatives Called Her A ‘Gorilla’ And ‘Tranny’ (SCREENSHOTS)","Recently, Michelle Obama posed for InStyle magazine. The First Lady was stunning in a custom-made teal dress by Brandon Maxwell   but of course conservatives had to sh*t all over it.A ridiculously named   yet somehow moderately popular   right-wing garbage fire of a Facebook page called The Resistance: The Last Line of Defense decided to give their take on the matter, posting the photo of our lovely First Lady with the following message:  What do you think of the new portrait of Moochelle by InStyle Magazine?  The numbskulls who visit the page are then instructed to  like  if they think it is Photoshopped and share the post if they are  still not convinced he s a she. Naturally, the denizens of Stupidville flocked to the opportunity, calling her every name they can think of and, thanks to the power of stupidity and a third grade education, even managing to accidentally make some up in their pursuit to out-stupid one another. Many, of course, leaped at the opportunity to fantasize about the First Lady being a man, with some even demanding to see her penis. Others stuck to the tried-and-true  let s just call her a monkey or ape and get it over with.               The modern conservative, folks.It s important to remember that each and every one of these vapid f*cksticks will be voting in November.Make sure you re there to vote BLUE   because you know these idiots are voting for Trump.Featured image via screengrab",0
4685, How Trump Scammed New York For 9/11 Money He Didn’t Deserve,"Donald Trump has lied about how and why he received $150,000 from the New York state government which had been earmarked to help small businesses dealing with the aftermath of the September 11, 2001 terrorist attacks.Previously, Trump claimed the money was  probably a reimbursement for the fact that I allowed people, for many months, to stay in the building, use the building and store things in the building  and  The value of what I did was far greater than the money talked about, much of which was sent automatically to building owners in the area. A new expose from the New York Daily News reveals that documents that Trump s own company filed with the government show this to be a falsehood. The Daily News says:But those comments don t match the forms Trump s company submitted to the New York state government requesting the money for his property, The Trump Building, located at 40 Wall St.Those documents, exclusively obtained by The News from the Empire State Development Corporation which administered the recovery program, show Trump s company asked for those funds for  rent loss,   cleanup  and  repair    not to recuperate money lost in helping people.Even worse, Trump has previously admitted on the record that his property  wasn t affected by what happened to the World Trade Center,  but he took the money anyway.Officials also told the paper that if Trump had submitted forms to be reimbursed for letting people use the building, as he claims, it would have been rejected out of hand. The program was in place to help businesses get back on their feet after the devastating attack that killed thousands, not to pad the pockets of alleged billionaires.The 9/11 scam from Trump is part of a continuing pattern from the Republican presidential nominee, in which he has spread falsehoods, made questionable claims, and profited while others are left holding the bag. This case is just a little worse than the others for how he used the worst terrorist attack in American history as cover for sucking up money.Featured image via Flickr",0
4686, Trump Just Took To Twitter To Proudly Defend Open Bigotry (TWEET),"Most of the media is capitalizing off what Hillary Clinton said at a recent LGBT event that was held in New York City. Unlike a Donald Trump gaffe every other hour, Hillary said something that bordered on inappropriate, albeit completely honest. She said that half of Trump s supporters are a  basket of deplorables.  In other words, they need to be called out on their blatant bigotry.Hillary said: To just be grossly generalistic, you can put half of Trump supporters into what I call the  basket of deplorables.  Right? Racist, sexist, homophobic, xenophobic, Islamaphobic, you name it. And unfortunately, there are people like that and he has lifted them up   he tweets and retweets offensive, hateful, mean-spirited rhetoric. Hearing this from Hillary, Trump took this as a cue to defend the indefensible   the racists themselves. And yes, they are blatantly racist. In fact, he even called them  great Americans. Trump tweeted out: Hillary Clinton just had her 47% moment. What a terrible thing she said about so many great Americans! Hillary Clinton just had her 47% moment. What a terrible thing she said about so many great Americans!  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) September 10, 2016Now, maybe Trump thinks that his racist supporters are  great Americans,  but to the rest of level-headed and non-racist America, they are bigots who are deplorable and worthy of condemnation.Featured image via Mark Wallheiser/Getty Images",0
4687, Trump Adviser Just Proved Hillary’s ‘Basket Of Deplorables’ Comment Correct With One Image,"For some reason, the Trump campaign is utterly clueless about the alt-right movement and what it stands for. Trump himself regularly retweets stuff from those deplorable (oops, we said it) excuses for human beings and then brushes it off, if he even says anything at all. He even enthusiastically tweeted an image of himself as Pepe the Frog, a mascot for the Neo-Nazis, which is bad enough given that Trump keeps saying he ll work for all Americans.One of his top advisers, Roger Stone, now, is saying he s proud to walk alongside Trump as a symbol for the Neo-Nazi movement while he s protesting Hillary s  basket of deplorables  comment aimed at half of Trump s followers.The irony is strong in this one.Stone thinks he s going to turn the word  deplorables  around the way that President Obama turned  Obamacare  from something derogatory into something with his signature on it. He will make this backfire on Hillary, because of course. It s his own idea that s backfiring though   all he s done is prove that an awful lot of Trump s supporters are really deplorable people.Image via TwitterPepe the Frog has been around for awhile, to be sure. It recently became unacceptable, however, as the Neo-Nazis began working towards claiming Pepe as a racist, white nationalist symbol.So now Pepe represents what he was always supposed to represent, and he s in a likeness of Donald Trump. Roger Stone has an image co-opted from  The Expendables,  showing Trump as a Neo-Nazi mascot, that he s put on social media.And he s probably amazingly proud of his ingenious idea.This isn t the first time Trump s been depicted as Pepe. In 2015, Trump retweeted a different image of himself as Pepe standing in front of an American flag, and behind a podium. The alt-right worked to associate their mascot with Trump because they believe that Trump represents them. And who wouldn t? The toxic waste fountain on the front of Trump s face spouts everything they want to hear. @codyave: @drudgereport @BreitbartNews @Writeintrump  You Can t Stump the Trump  https://t.co/0xITB7XeJV pic.twitter.com/iF6S05se2w  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) October 13, 2015The sheer hypocrisy involved in promoting Trump as anything dealing with white nationalist groups while whining about Hillary insulting half of Trump s voters is just absurd. White nationalists, who make up an awful lot of the alt-right, are far more hateful and discriminating than Hillary ever could be.The truth is that these are people who think that immigration equals white genocide. Some on the alt-right hate women and everything to do with women. A lot of them think that some races are inherently more stupid than others, and deserve to be treated as such. These are people who are as anti-Semitic as Adolf Hitler.In short, they re deplorable people, and Stone is busy complaining that Hillary called them what they are while directly associating Trump with them. Any reasonable campaign and any reasonable adviser would find a different way to make that backfire on Hillary   the Trump camp is too entrenched with the alt-right and too full of itself to realize what they ve actually done, though.Featured image via screen capture from Roger Stone s tweet",0
4688, Watch This Mattress Company’s Impossibly Vile 9/11 Sale Commercial (VIDEO),"Miracle Mattress of San Antonio wants everyone to know that they ll never forget Sept. 11, 2001. To that end, they posted the most amazingly, disgustingly tone-deaf and just plain terrible commercial to commemorate the anniversary of the worst terrorist attack on U.S. soil. It was cheerful, it talked about the Twin Towers and used them to promote discounts on all their mattresses, and then And then they took it too far. Way too far. So impossibly far that we can t even see it from the boundaries of decency with the Hubble Space Telescope.Because using a national tragedy to promote a sale isn t classless enough.Watch it for yourself (TRIGGER WARNING):It was posted to a parody page aimed at shaming Miracle Mattress up one side and down the other for this, and remains viewable there. It has been removed from social media elsewhere.Miracle Mattress has been shredded to confetti for this, to the point where they ve posted a letter of apology on their main Facebook page, and changed their background image to show part of that letter. That s not enough for some of the people on their page, though. Many of the comments below are from members of the military, people who were in NYC on that horrific day, and even some of the responders.They re rightfully angry and their comments are heart-wrenching. For them, and for anybody with the tiniest micron of a heart, the apology rings hollow and false and just plain isn t enough.         Miracle Mattress  last post on Facebook is a screenshot of a second letter from the owner, Mike Bonnano. The company has closed the doors of their store indefinitely, will remain silent through the 9/11 anniversary, and then will issue a formal statement next week.That will be of major comfort to the people who are pissed off, offended, and hurt by that video, we re sure. This will definitely cost the company business. It might push them out of business, and for a company that s so clueless that the owner didn t know his own daughter made that video, perhaps that s for the best.Featured image via screen capture from embedded video",0
4689," New Unfiltered Video Shows That Trump Supporters Are, In Fact, F**king Deplorable (VIDEO)","The only mistake Hillary Clinton made when saying half of Trump s supporters are a  basket of deplorables  would be in the fact that the number was too low. It would be safe to say at least two-thirds of Trump supporters are deplorable, racist, misogynistic, Islamophobic, and just outright horrible human beings deserved of reprimand.If you need further proof of this fact because maybe you ve been living in an underground bunker away from any and all ability to gain access to the news, just take a gander at this video compilation of unfiltered Trump supporters being the terrible people that they so naturally are.In this video you will hear racial slurs, derogatory language against women and minorities, as well as those going directly after President Obama, etc. etc. etc.Trump has made being a bigot socially acceptable to so many in our nation right now that it should make every person who has a soul in their body nauseous.Should Hillary have said what she said? Probably not, but she wasn t wrong.Watch how absolutely deplorable Trump supporters are here: de plor able   very bad in a way that causes shock, fear, or disgust : deserving censure or contempt pic.twitter.com/opU89omvRh  shauna (@goldengateblond) September 10, 2016Featured image via video screen capture",0
4690, Eric Trump Just Humiliated Himself With Fake Photo Of ‘Florida’ Rally (Complete With Texas Flag),"Ever since Hillary Clinton generously, yet correctly, identified about half (only half?) of Donald Trump s vapid, illiterate flock of racist, meth-addled taint-barnacles, as a  basket of deplorables,  the Right has been in a frenzy as they feverishly attempt to prove her right. One such  deplorable,  Trump s son Eric, showed the world on Monday that he is deserving of the title when he attempted to hit back at Clinton over the remark. Look at the #BasketOfDeplorables in Pensacola Florida last night! What a horrible statement. #CrookedHillary,  Trump tweeted victoriously.Look at the #BasketOfDeplorables in Pensacola Florida last night! What a horrible statement. #CrookedHillary pic.twitter.com/GfevT0KUjd  Eric Trump (@EricTrump) September 10, 2016Unfortunately, there was just a teensy problem. That photo was not of the Pensacola rally. In fact, it wasn t even in Florida. Legendary former news commentator Keith Olbermann was among the many, many people who rushed to point out the obvious lie. The Pensacola Deplorables relocated to Dallas because they were promised a new arena @KeithOlbermann. How do you NOT know this? @EricTrump  Orlando Jones (@TheOrlandoJones) September 10, 2016Yes, Dallas. In Texas. Eric Trump, as Olbermann postulated, may very well be dumber than his dad. Others helpfully informed Trump of his error:@BillyBlac LOL.. That picture is from a rally an 1 yr ago at American Airlines Center in DALLAS. @EricTrump < CON MAN @RickRapscallion  Billy Tee (@BillyT_202) September 10, 2016@BillyBlac @BillyT_202 @EricTrump @RickRapscallion there's a Texas state flag right in the picture, genius. Eric's the one lying to you.  Brian Santa Maria (@briansantamaria) September 10, 2016.@EricTrump and lying runs in the family eh?? Throw another one in #BasketofDeplorables https://t.co/Moa8hbfUbL  Bimmerella (@bimmerella) September 10, 2016@TheFTProphet @EricTrump @bimmerellaEric is as dumb as his dad   has no idea that we can google image search his bullshit tweet. ???  ((tay)) (@SensiblySecular) September 10, 2016@EricTrump You intentionally cropped out American Airlines Center.. You're a con man just like your daddy. https://t.co/0PTsEjgg6p @mcuban  Billy Tee (@BillyT_202) September 10, 2016Trump s supporters  including his children who participate in The Donald s circus of idiocy   deserve their new, cute little nickname, and this is just one example. His followers consist almost entirely of white supremacists and other assorted racists, Tea Party  revolutionaries  who desperately crave a new revolution, and xenophobes   groups that most of us would consider deplorable. Unfortunately, to Trump and his friends on the Right, they re  patriots. Featured image via Twitter",0
4691, WATCH: Trump Just Made A Weird Shooting Comment About Clinton,"Donald Trump made an odd statement about Hillary Clinton during a campaign rally in Florida on Friday night. Trump told his supporters that Clinton could shoot somebody and not be prosecuted for the crime. She is being so protected. She could walk into this arena right now and shoot somebody with 20,000 people watching right smack in the middle of the heart and she wouldn t be prosecuted,  Trump said.Trump was commenting on the federal government s decision not to prosecute Clinton after she was investigated for using a private email server. Taken on its own, the comment doesn t appear to be too controversial, keeping in mind this is the live action version of Trump speaking at a rally in a conservative state. However, the comment is odd because it is similar to something Trump said about himself back in January during a campaign event in Iowa. I could stand in the middle of 5th Avenue and shoot somebody and I wouldn t lose any voters, OK?  the pre-nominee Trump told his supporters.The assertion has me wondering, just how well  protected  Trump is. Trump is embroiled in numerous legal scandals, the biggest probably being the huge scam known as Trump University. The university is a scam that took thousands of people s money and gave them nothing back in return. Even former employees of the  school  were revealed to have considered the place to be a giant fraud. Questions have even been raised about whether Trump had actually bribed his way out of having the school be investigated in Florida.I have no idea how Trump is still not in prison for his dealings in Atlantic City. That s where he made millions from casinos that were failing. He also failed to pay contracted workers what they were owed, all the while taking in huge bonuses. Some of his actions might even have been felonious.Say what you want about Clinton and her status in society and you will see Trump standing at least just as high.  Trump is billionaire aristocrat who uses his privilege to grow his fortune even more by abusing the working class. He is protected. He is not an outsider. We live in a capitalist society and he is a member of the transnational capitalist class.You can watch trump make the comment below.Featured image from video screenshot",0
4692, Senate Republicans Diss Trump BADLY–They LOVE Tim Kaine And Aren’t Afraid To Say So,"The GOP has, more or less, gotten into the habit of putting forth lukewarm defenses of Donald Trump and his many ahem problems, or just staying silent altogether. They re more vocal in their opposition to Hillary, however, her running mate, Tim Kaine, has Senate Republicans in an uproar   because they love him and believe they can actually work with him. Kaine is something of a throwback to a chummier era of Senate politics,  says Politico on this story. They mean that his ways of working are a throwback to a time before toxic, extremist Tea Party politics began eating the entire Republican Party from the inside out, like really nasty parasites that eventually kill their hosts. Senate Republicans are hoping that he ll use his relationships and ability to work with them as an asset should Hillary get elected.And their praise is pretty lavish, particularly for the opposing VP candidate at the height of a presidential election cycle. Politico spoke to a dozen GOP Senators about this. Sen. Bob Corker (R-TN), who serves with Kaine on the Senate Foreign Relations Committee, said: He understands the issues, he cares about having an outcome and I think he could be very effective with working with people here. Susan Collins (R-ME), who admittedly can be a bit more moderate than many of her colleagues, said: If we do end up having Hillary as our president   he will be a good influence as far as relationships with Congress   and getting away from the incivility that has marred the past decade. Sen. Jeff Flake (R-AZ) has made no secret of the fact that he can t vote for Trump, and he s said he won t vote for Hillary, either. However, he, too, sees Kaine as an asset to Hillary: I don t know anybody on the Republican side who has a bad thing to say about him. He doesn t go out of his way to go after people politically and he s all about policy. Flake also said: I m not going to concede the election. But if he s in that position then Hillary Clinton will be well-served. Sen. John Cornyn (R-TX) seems to like that Kaine is playing up Democratic policy proposals rather than attacking incumbent Republicans while stumping for them in battleground states: I haven t seen anything yet that he s done [on the campaign trail] that would damage his ability to work with Republicans. And Lindsey Graham (R-SC), said of Kaine awhile back: Tim would be a good steady hand for [Hillary]. He d be well received on our side of the aisle if he s an emissary from the president. Sens. John McCain (R-AZ) and Lamar Alexander (R-TN) both praised his bipartisanism. Hell, even the North Carolina Republican Party gave him an unqualified apology after mistaking a Blue Star Service pin, which he wears to honor his son on active duty, for the flag of Honduras and posting about it on Twitter:There are parts of the GOP that would have just quietly deleted that tweet and hoped the outrage would quickly die, lest they appear to actually (gasp!) respect a Democrat.It will likely be up to the Senate to try to pull the House in line should Hillary get elected. House conservatives, unsatisfied with the previous eleventy thousand investigations against Hillary, are talking about launching another one in a desperate and sorry attempt to find something on her that means they can unequivocally work against her, and thus, America, because reasons.With the strong possibility that Kaine can broker more bipartisan legislation and improve relations between Democrats and Republicans in the Senate, though, then there s a slight possibility that the House may eventually fall in line. When the Senate sends bipartisan legislation over to the House that they won t even look at, they look like the sulky, peevish little kids who can t play nice that they are.Kaine could easily be the direct line to Senate Republicans that Hillary needs to actually get stuff done. And Senate Republicans are loving it.Featured image by Justin Sullivan/Getty Images",0
4693, WATCH: Chris Mathews DESTROYS Trump Surrogate Who Says Clinton Started Birther Movement,"During an interview on MSNBC s Hardball with Chris Mathews on Friday, Trump surrogate Jack Kingston claimed that Hillary Clinton was the person who started the birther movement. Mathews did not hold back when he pressed Kingston on the accusation that is, frankly, as absurd as the claim the birther movement originally put forth.Already sounding a bit peeved at the assertion, Mathews asks Kingston,  Where did you see this? Kingston claims that he saw an inter-party email from 2008 that was put out by the Clinton campaign: From the Clinton campaign itself? You ve seen this? Kingston says that he has seen a copy of the e-mail. No, you can t say Hillary Clinton is the mother of the birther movement and not have evidence,  Mathews says.  You knew you were coming on the show, why didn t you bring it with you? I may even have it my briefcase, Chris I don t know. Mathews tells Kingston that the show is live and they have enough time for him to find it if it is. This is a live show. We ve got an hour. Find it. Congressman, dead serious, if you can find something from the Clinton campaign   not some blogger out there   but somebody who actually worked for Hillary Clinton under her direction who said that the president wasn t born in this country that would be news. If you can produce it Now, of course, Kingston cannot produce any evidence because it is a lie. Should such an e-mail exist, it wouldn t just be news, it would be a bombshell that would severely cripple the Democratic Party. It probably would not convince many Democrats to start buying red hats and voting for Trump, though it would certainly make even her most die-hard supporters cringe.Kingston is merely trying to deflect from the fact that Trump still has not apologized for perpetuating the birther conspiracy theory. The allegations that Trump put forth about President Obama during the early years of Obama s administration were Trump s first foray into the political spotlight. His allegations were what built his base of radical right-wing conservatives. He cannot apologize for fear of alienating that base of supporters.Trump would love for most of the world to forget that he ever was a birther. We won t. It s important. No matter how many surrogates Trump s campaign throws out there to try and change the narrative surrounding the controversy, we won t forget.You can watch the interview below:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4ISJaqJt_VMFeatured image from video screenshot",0
4694, Prisoners Are Going On Strike Across The United States To End Legal Slavery,"Yesterday marked the 45th anniversary of the Attica prison uprising. The uprising was the first major prison uprising in the United States. Today, there will be a nation-wide prison strike is a modern day slave rebellion.The IWW Incarcerated Workers Organizing Committee put out a call to action, saying: On September 9th of 1971 prisoners took over and shut down Attica, New York State s most notorious prison. On September 9th of 2016, we will begin an action to shut down prisons all across this country. We will not only demand the end to prison slavery, we will end it ourselves by ceasing to be slaves. Work stoppages will occur in prisons across the United States. Organizers on the outside will also be conducting mass demonstrations across the nation.Slavery is legal in the United States of America. That may not be what you were told while growing up but it is completely true and is enshrined in the Constitution. Section 1 of the 13th Amendment states that: Neither slavery nor involuntary servitude, except as a punishment for crime whereof the party shall have been duly convicted, shall exist within the United States, or any place subject to their jurisdiction. When the 13th Amendment was ratified, it did not make slavery illegal. It made it illegal for private entities to own slaves. Once an individual is convicted of a crime, they are slaves until their sentence is served. Despite the illegality of private slavery, corporations are making a killing by using publicly owned slaves. Everything from Victoria s Secret lingerie to juice boxes has been manufactured in slave operated factories, that we refer to prisons.There are more people of color in prison today than there were during the days of private slavery. That is a disturbing fact that must be brought up when speaking on the topic of public slavery.People reading this (or who decided to comment on the article without reading it) might say that prisoners are being taught valuable skills that will help them once they are released from prison. That s absolutely correct. That being said, a skilled person with a criminal record is still a person with a criminal record. We brand our slaves in the United States. Those people would also be in good company of those who defended the practice of chattel slavery in the south prior to the emancipation of private slaves.Those who defended private slavery viewed slave masters as the benefactors of privately owned slaves. People of color were considered to be unskilled and unable to provide for themselves adequately on their own.It is now time that people realize that there is a modern-day abolitionist movement growing in the United States. Incarcerated workers must rise up. Those who are not incarcerated must support them. It s time to join the fight and recognize that slavery did not end when the 13th Amendment was ratified, it decided who was eligible to hold slaves in bondage and who isn t.Those who are incarcerated are risking their lives by fighting back against their owners. They may be beaten, tortured, or otherwise penalized for demanding their basic human rights be recognized.Featured image from Justin Sullivan/Getty Images",0
4695, WATCH: Joy Reid Shuts Down Trump Supporter For Peddling Lie After Lie About Hillary Clinton,"Once again, a mouthpiece for Donald Trump gets their ass handed to them for blatantly lying on the air.During her show on Saturday morning, MSNBC host Joy Reid had to frustratingly correct Trump supporter David Malpass for making false claims about Hillary Clinton.It began with Reid talking about the alleged  pay-to-play  scandal Republicans have been accusing the former Secretary of State of conducting in conjunction with the Clinton Foundation during her years in the post.Reid explained that if Donald Trump gave $100,000 to the Clinton Foundation which then went to fighting AIDS in Africa, which benefits those who get treatment. Reid pointed out that getting a phone call from Clinton aide Huma Abedin is not proof of pay-to-play.However, Donald Trump giving $25,000 to Florida Attorney General Pam Bondi s campaign in exchange for getting the investigation against Trump University dropped in that state is the very definition of pay-to-play.Malpass tried to claim that there were $10 million contributions but when challenged to provide proof of that claim Malpass could not do so. Reid called out Malpass for lying and went on to explain that the Associated Press found that only 85 of the meetings that Clinton had with people who were donors but not one of those meetings occurred after a donation was made.The AP story was  pilloried,  Reid said,  because they attempted to find pay-to-play and found nothing. Huma Abedin emailing you back is not getting something,  Reid continued.  It s Huma Abedin emailing you back. Malpass, however, desperately tried to pin something on Hillary Clinton and brought up her emails, which have nothing to do with the topic at hand. Reid called Malpass out again, but he continued to claim that the emails  brought out the information  about the Clinton Foundation. Malpass also claimed that Hillary Clinton has not held any press conferences but Reid corrected him again by pointing out that she held two last week.As Reid repeatedly shamed Malpass for  conflating press conferences, emails and foundations,  her other guest Kurt Eichenwald broke out in laughter because Malpass was clearly making false claims.By the end of the segment, a frustrated Reid admitted that her head hurts after having to debunk so much bullshit from Trump s minions.Here s the video via YouTube.Trump and his team are desperate to make anything Clinton does into a scandal. And that s why any claims they make that they are somehow winning this election are complete bullshit. A winning campaign does not have to stoop to telling outright lies to the media every day. But that is what Trump is doing because his poll numbers have imploded and his campaign has fallen off a cliff.Republicans have waged countless witch hunts using taxpayer money in an effort to sabotage the woman who stands in their way of absolute power and they have failed miserably because the investigations have always cleared Hillary Clinton of wrongdoing. Rather than admit that, Trump and his minions would rather repeat lies because it s all they have left.Featured image via screenshot",0
4696, WATCH: Trump Gets Humiliated By New York Lawmaker For False 9/11 Claims,"It has been 15 years since the World Trade Center Twin Towers fell. But Republicans and Donald Trump still exploit it for political gain.During Trump s primary run for the Republican nomination, he made a claim that sent journalists into a frenzy of fact-checking. I watched when the World Trade Center came tumbling down,  Trump said during a rally last November.  And I watched in Jersey City, New Jersey where thousands and thousands of people were cheering as that building was coming down. Thousands of people were cheering. Trump doubled down the next day during an interview with George Stephanopoulos. It was on television. I saw it,  Trump said.  It was well covered at the time, George. Now, I know they don t like to talk about it, but it was well covered at the time. There were people over in New Jersey that were watching it, a heavy Arab population, that were cheering as the buildings came down. Not good. But what Trump is claiming never happened.After an exhaustive search, Politifact concluded:This defies basic logic. If thousands and thousands of people were celebrating the 9/11 attacks on American soil, many people beyond Trump would remember it. And in the 21st century, there would be video or visual evidence.Instead, all we found were a couple of news articles that described rumors of celebrations that were either debunked or unproven.Trump s recollection of events in New Jersey in the hours after the Sept. 11, 2001, terrorist attacks flies in the face of all the evidence we could find. We rate this statement Pants on Fire.And on Friday, New York Rep. Gregory Meeks humiliated Trump for that very claim once again during a panel discussion about Trump s birtherism on CNN.Just like Trump won t admit that he is wrong about his birtherism, Trump has also not apologized for being wrong about Muslims cheering in America on 9/11.After Trump supporter Kayleigh McEnany claimed that Trump has renounced his birther past, Meeks pointed out that Trump himself should man up and publicly do it himself. Then he should say it. If he believes it, he should say it. There s a pattern with Donald Trump. I m still looking   and I m sure that everybody s still looking   for those  thousands of Muslims  that were cheering during 9/11. That has not taken place. We heard video where he says he was for the war in Iraq. He now says he wasn t. There s not any evidence where he was against the war in Iraq. There is a practice and pattern with Donald Trump, who continues to make noise he knows is completely incorrect,  Meeks continued.  He never apologizes about it. He leaves it out there. Here s the video via YouTube:Donald Trump is a coward and a liar and he is totally unqualified to be president. The 15th anniversary of 9/11 is on Sunday and you just know that Trump is going to make some outrageous claim in an effort to exploit the tragedy.Featured Image: Alex Wong/Getty Images",0
4697, WATCH: Barbra Streisand Re-Writes Song For HILARIOUSLY Epic Lampooning Of Donald Trump,"Stephen Sondheim s  Send in the Clowns  just became all about Donald Trump thanks to legendary singer-songwriter Barbra Streisand.During a fundraiser in New York on Friday night for Democratic nominee Hillary Clinton, Streisand unveiled a new parody version of the classic, which was originally written for the 1973 musical A Little Night Music.Here s the original version as performed by Streisand via YouTube:The new version, however, is a complete mockery of the Republican nominee and was very appreciated by the audience in attendance as Babs sang the entire version so that Trump will never forget it.Here s the lyrics via Raw Story:VERSE 1 IS HE THAT RICH? MAYBE HE S POOR?  TIL HE REVEALS HIS RETURNS WHO CAN BE SURE? WHO NEEDS THIS CLOWN?VERSE 2 SOMETHING S AMISS I DON T APPROVE IF HE WERE RUNNING THE FREE WORLD, WHERE WOULD WE MOVE? NAME ME A TOWN? JUST WHO IS THIS CLOWN?BRIDGE AND WHEN WE THOUGHT WE D HEARD IT ALL HUFFING AND PUFFING ABOUT HIS BIG FANTASY WALL MAKING HIS ENTRANCE ON STAGE  HE JUST SHOOTS FROM THE HIP HE S FULL OF BULL HE S LOST HIS GRIP!VERSE 3 AND IF BY CHANCE HE GETS TO HEAV N EVEN UP THERE HE LL DECLARE  CHAPTER ELEV N! WHO D HIRE THIS CLOWN? THIS SAD VULGAR CLOWN   YOU RE FIRED  YOU CLOWN!BRIDGE 2 HILLARY S KIND  SMART THAT IS CLEAR WHILE SHE IS GIVING US HOPE TRUMP IS SELLING US FEAR LOOK HOW HE CHANGES HIS VIEWS EVERY TIME THAT HE SPEAKS IT S LIE AFTER LIE CAN T TAKE EIGHT MORE WEEKS!VERSE 4 THIS IS NO FARCE MAYBE HE S BROKE? IS THIS  THE ART OF HIS DEAL  OR SOME AWFUL JOKE? YOU VE GOT TO ADMIT  THIS SILLY HALF-WIT  IS SO FULL OF  SHIT!And here s the video via Twitter:BABS rewrites lyrics to  Send In The Clowns  for Trump harpoon. Your Welcome??? pic.twitter.com/qVRF5yF6Ur  Debra Messing (@DebraMessing) September 10, 2016This isn t the first time Streisand has slammed Trump. During a concert in Los Angeles last month she burned him hard on stage by claiming that a famous mentalist couldn t read Trump s mind because he doesn t have one. And then she said this: No matter what the color of your skin or where you were born   Cuba, China, Malaysia, Madagascar   our genetic make up is 99.9% identical to every person on the face of the earth. The other 0.1% is Donald Trump. This song, however, is so perfect it should be Hillary Clinton s campaign theme song at every rally she attends until Election Day. Cue the Trump Twitter-tantrum in 3..2..1 Featured Image: Wikimedia",0
4698, Obama Has A Powerful Message About 9/11 You Have To See (VIDEO),"President Obama used the platform of his weekly address from the White House to address the 15th anniversary of the 9/11 terrorist attacks. In his speech, the President sought to remind Americans of their best qualities as we saw in the response to the horrific attack.In his weekly radio and Internet address, Obama said that while so much has changed in the years since 9/11 it s important to remember what has stayed the same.  The core values that define us as Americans. The resilience that sustains us,  he said on the eve of the 15th anniversary of one of the nation s darkest days.He said the terrorists  goal is to frighten Americans into changing how they live, but  Americans will never give in to fear. We re still the America of heroes who ran into harm s way, of ordinary folks who took down the hijackers, of families who turned their pain into hope,  Obama said.The idea that America has to eye all Muslims with suspicion since 9/11 has unfortunately gone from a fringe belief to a central concern of the conservative movement. Current Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump has argued that Muslims should be barred from entry to the United States, and has even suggested that they be tracked somehow. He and other Republicans also claim that Muslims aren t helping America in the war against terrorism, but they have laid down their lives right alongside Christian patriots in the last decade and a half.President Obama s message is one of inclusion not exclusion, arguing that the American instinct was seen in its purest form after the attack, when so many were united in a common cause.The terrorist attacks of September 11, 2001 killed almost 3,000 people in New York City, at the Pentagon, and in Pennsylvania. The assault was executed by the al Qaeda terrorist network and ordered by leader Osama bin Laden. Bin Laden was killed in a raid ordered by President Obama and executed by U.S. Navy Seal Team Six on May 2, 2011.Featured image via YouTube",0
4699, Hillary Brands Bigoted Trump Supporters With Brilliant New Moniker In Fiery Speech,"Democratic presidential nominee Hillary Clinton is not mincing words when it comes to the bigotry that runs rampant among Donald Trump supporters. While speaking in New York at a fundrasier focused on LGBTQ issues, Hillary pointed out what we already know: many on the Trump Train are straight up bigots, and there s no way around that fact. She said: You know, just to be grossly generalist, you could put half of Trump s supporters into what I call the basket of deplorables. The racist, sexist, homophobic, xenophobic, Islamaphobic   you name it. And unfortunately there are people like that. And he has lifted them up. Hillary then went on to make sure that people knew that she understands that not all of Trump s supporters are like this; in fact likely many are disturbed by many of his statements and the behavior of some of their fellow Trump supporters, and they are likely just desperate for change and have been duped into believing Trump can deliver it. She continued: That other basket of people are people who feel that the government has let them down, the economy has let them down, nobody cares about them, nobody worries about what happens to their lives and their futures, and they re just desperate for a change,  she said.  They don t buy everything he says, but he seems to hold out some hope that their lives will be different. They won t wake up and see their jobs disappear, lose a kid to heroin, feel like they re in a dead end. Those are people we have to understand and empathize with as well. She also added that if you know folks who might vote for Trump, do something about it: If you know anybody who s even thinking of voting for Trump, stage an intervention. Hillary is right, of course. Donald Trump is a demagogue, and this is how demagogues work. They prey on the desperate, they exploit and magnify divisions, all for their own gain of political power. Trump is in no way fit to be president, and his very candidacy is already endangering the country. To that end, we need to listen to Hillary, get out the vote, and make sure she wins, for the future of our own lives and this great nation that we all love.Featured image via Justin Sullivan/Getty Images",0
4700, Trump Gives Insane Warning On Religious Right Network To Scare People Into Voting For Him (VIDEO),"Donald Trump is continuing his campaign of fear-mongering, this time insisting that the 2016 election will be the last actual election unless Americans put him in the White House. Appearing for an interview on the Christian Broadcasting Network, Trump told host David Brody that Republicans will never have a chance at the White House again because you re going to have illegal immigrants coming in and they re going to be legalized and they re going to be able to vote and once that all happens you can forget it. So, in other words, Trump is once again blaming immigrants for all of the Republican Party s problems. The thing is, though, the GOP s issues are of their own making. They are on the wrong side of history on issues of race, women s issues, their fervent bigotry against the LGBTQ community, their denial of science, and any other number of issues. In other words, until they stop being the party of bigotry, they will never appeal to anyone but bigots, and there just aren t enough of them left in the general electorate for a majority to want to put an obvious racist in the White House. Here is the transcript of that exchange, via Right Wing Watch:Trump: I think it s going to be the last election that the Republicans can win. If we don t win this election, you ll never see another Republican and you ll have a whole different church structure. You re going to have a whole different Supreme Court structure. That has to do a lot with what we re doing because the Supreme Court, as you know with Justice Scalia gone, I think you could probably have four to five judges picked by the next president. Probably a record number, David, probably a record number of judges. If they pick the super-liberals, probably to a certain extent, people that would make Bernie Sanders happy, you will never have a Supreme Court, we re going to end up with another Venezuela, large scale version. It would be a disaster for the country.Brody: Just so I understand, when you say last election are you referring to what Michele Bachmann was talking about with citizenship because Hillary is talking about potentially providing citizenship for many of these illegals. Florida and Texas could be gone.Trump: I think this will be the last election if I don t win. I think this will be the last election that the Republicans have a chance of winning because you re going to have people flowing across the borders, you re going to have illegal immigrants coming in and they re going to be legalized and they re going to be able to vote and once that all happens you can forget it. I guarantee you, you re not going to have one Republican vote. And it s already a very hard number. Already the path is much more difficult for the Republicans. You just have to look at the maps and the path is much more difficult.And here is the video:The thing is, Republicans have no one to thank for the mass defection from their party but themselves. They ve trafficked in hate, conspiracy theories, science denial, and theocratic bigotry for decades. Donald Trump is the natural result of cultivating those sorts of uninformed, ignorant voters   the voters that make up their base that they have to pander to. But, of course, they ll never admit it, and their hateful, archaic party will go into the ash heap of history and into irrelevancy at the national level where it belongs.Featured image via Joe Raedle/Getty Images",0
4701, New Obama Rule Will STOP Republicans From Defunding Planned Parenthood – Forever,"Republicans hate it. They really really hate it, but after more than seven years of trying to work across the aisle, President Obama s administration has given up and is taking matters into its own hands, this time to save Planned Parenthood, forever.The rule, by the Department of Health and Human Services, if enacted, would cut Title X funding to states that cut funding to Planned Parenthood.The Title X program provides basic preventive health care and family planning services for 4 million low-income Americans. About 85 percent of patients who use Title X have incomes below $23,500. Planned Parenthood serves about a third of those patients, using the $70 million a year it receives in Title X grants to subsidize contraceptives and cancer and sexually transmitted infection screenings for people who can t afford them. Title X does not allow any money to be used to pay for abortions for any reason.Still, politicians in 11 states have voted to block public funds from Planned Parenthood because its services include abortion. Republicans in Congress are also on a mission to defund the family planning provider, citing a series of debunked undercover videos produced by anti-abortion activists that purport to show Planned Parenthood selling fetal body parts. Source: Huffington PostRepublicans have had Planned Parenthood in their crosshairs for years. Ostensibly it s because Planned Parenthood performs abortions, but only three percent of what they do is about abortions. The rest is about family planning and both women s and men s health services. In other words, Planned Parenthood prevents far more abortions than they could ever perform.Besides, their objection to Planned Parenthood has nothing whatsoever to do with abortion. Republicans consistently cut off funding for Planned Parenthood, despite the fact that no federal money and very little state money goes toward abortions. In other words, it s highly unlikely you ve ever paid a penny in taxes that has gone to abort a fetus.So, what is the problem with Planned Parenthood? Well, the problem is that most Republicans in Congress and in the states believe it s the 18th century and that women should be punished for having sex. Sure, they might agree to Planned Parenthood performing mammograms, but g-d forbid they do anything with lady parts or anything that would imply a woman is having sex without a) being married and b) wanting to procreate.Just this week, Congress blocked funding to fight the Zika virus by you got it sticking an amendment in there that would block funding to Planned Parenthood.Perhaps that was the last straw and that s why the Department of Health and Human Services proposed this new rule.Planned Parenthood is breathing a sigh of relief: This will make a real difference in so many people s lives,  said Cecile Richards, president of Planned Parenthood.  Thanks to the Obama administration, women will still be able to access the birth control they need to plan their families, and the cancer screenings they need to stay healthy. That s not the only defeat anti-choice Republicans have faced this week. A judge in very conservative Utah ruled that the state cannot cut funding to Planned Parenthood.Perhaps this is a sign that the pendulum is finally beginning to swing the other direction. Perhaps soon, women will get a say in our own health choices.Featured image via Chip Somodevilla/Getty Images.",0
4702, WATCH This GOP Rep. Angrily Offer A Gift To His Fellow Republicans For Rejecting Zika Funding,"The only time Republicans want to actually help people is when it will help them, too. Rep. David Jolly (R-FL) is well aware of this, and being from Florida, he s understandably angry about the House s refusal to pass funding to combat Zika. So he decided to try and make his obstructive, intransigent colleagues understand the crisis   by threatening to release 100 mosquitoes from Florida onto the House floor.He also berated them for their utter selfishness: I brought these mosquitoes today to convey that fear and that anxiety of millions of Americans, of Floridians. Can you imagine the fear and anxiety in this chamber if these mosquitoes were outside this jar, not inside this jar.Members of Congress would run down the hall to the physician s office to be tested. They would spray themselves before coming down here. This is the fear of Floridians! Right here! The House is interested in defunding Planned Parenthood to the point where they stick that legislation in everything, hoping that putting it in an otherwise must-pass bill will lead to getting rid of the organization altogether. They do this even when doing so is totally irrelevant, and actually damaging, to the very real problems Americans face.Like Zika, in Florida. Watch him go at the rest of the House below:Democrats actually blocked the bill, but they did so because of provisions on Planned Parenthood, the fact that it would rob the ACA of needed funding, and the fact that it was nearly $1 billion less than the Obama administration had requested. Furthermore, the Senate passed a bi-partisan Zika bill of its own that the House wouldn t vote on. Republicans love to play this game so they can blame Democrats for obstruction.The truth is, if they d just pass a clean bill like grown-ups, then we d have a lot more governing and a lot less of this.In fact, Paul Ryan said that when it came time for House and Senate negotiators to act, it was Democrats who refused. He left out one teensy, tiny little detail when he blasted them about it   the fact that Republican negotiators insisted the bill must carry a provision blocking funding for a Planned Parenthood affiliate in Puerto Rico.Since January, Zika has spread to 13 states, likely exists in far more, and is at crisis levels in Florida. 84 pregnant women have been diagnosed with the virus, and there are probably hundreds more who are currently undiagnosed. As of just a few days ago, there were 614 known cases total in Florida. There were 210 known cases in California.With this, one would hope that Republicans could put their politics aside and pass a clean bill to address the crisis, and then go back to playing politics if they must. Vice President Biden actually went straight to Congress to ask them to stop playing games. From Reuters: Give us an up-or-down vote, straight, on Zika,  Biden said at an event on Capitol Hill with fellow Democrats from the Senate and House of Representatives. I understand attaching controversial issues to important legislation   but this is a national emergency,  Biden added.  People s health, the well-being of unborn children, the health of the country at large, is at stake. Act. Republicans don t care, so Jolly decided to try and force them to care by threatening them with Zika to see how they d react. He decided to try and instill the fear that his state feels over the virus. It s unclear if the gambit worked, though. If it doesn t, then the situation is just more proof that the GOP isn t actually pro-life (because if they were, this would have been a done deal long ago), and also that they couldn t give two craps about helping anybody.Featured image via screen capture from embedded video",0
4703, Sen. Tim Scott: Running A Small Business Makes Me An Authority On Abortion (VIDEO),"The 2016 Values Voter Summit is underway, and of course this yearly gathering of homophobes, misogynists, science deniers, and other assorted right-wing nuts is especially feverish since this is an election year. At the top of the list of priorities for such people, is, of course, abortion.These people hate the idea of a woman being able to control her own body. They think that a bunch of men in the government should have that authority, not a woman and her doctor. However, one GOP Senator who spoke at this horrible event really had the most absurd argument ever to make the case that he is somehow more qualified than anyone else to legislate on abortion: because he ran a small business before he was a member of Congress.South Carolina Senator Tim Scott said, with the air of a father finding out that his teen daughter has come home pregnant, that an employee told him that she was pregnant. So what did Sen. Scott do with this woman? Why, what any manipulative Christian who wants to control the lives of others would do: took her to a crisis pregnancy center.Crisis pregnancy centers are nothing but right-wing Christian organizations that lie about a woman s choices when it comes to dealing with an unwanted pregnancy. They manipulate young girls and women into believing that abortion is absolutely not an option, for any reason. And, of course, these are the same people who are opposed to any sorts of help for the mothers and children once they are born.Senator Scott said of the conclusion of his decision to  help  this woman in this way, and how it makes him especially qualified to opine and legislate on this matter: As an elected official, when I have the responsibility and the opportunity, the privilege to protect life, I do so having been in the private sector, realizing the importance that we should place on life and the choice of life. Senator Scott, you aren t  protecting  anything. You re just trying to control the bodies of women around the nation who you don t even know. Plus, you ll likely, like all GOPers, abandon these fetuses the second they are out of the womb. You people and your sick obsession with controlling women need to be voted out. As a South Carolinian, I plan to do just that.Watch Tim Scott s crazy unfold below:Featured image via Andrew Harrer/Bloomberg via Getty Images",0
4704, Greta Van Susteren Slams Fox News For Not Dealing With Roger Ailes Sooner,"Fox News is collapsing like a house of cards as the fallout over rampant sexual harassment continues.Gretchen Carlson got the ball rolling when she filed a lawsuit against the conservative network, accusing Fox boss Roger Ailes of sexually harassing her and punishing her for refusing to have sex with him.Rather than stand by their colleague, however, Fox hosts such as Greta Van Susteren and others took Ailes  side instead.But now that Carlson has been vindicated and Ailes forced to resign, Van Susteren now regrets not believing the victim in the first place.In a post on Facebook on Friday, Van Susteren opened up about Carlson and expressed regret for not believing Carlson from the start. I read Geraldo s FB post in which he said he regretted not believing Gretchen Carlson s claim of sexual harassment,  she wrote.  We all regret it   I made my regret self evident in my GretaWire posting about 3 weeks ago which ended with this:  Gretchen, you go girl.  That said it all. Van Susteren continued by admitting that it was unfair for her to judge the case since she was 200 miles away from where the harassment took place and that she had never talked to Carlson about it to hear her side of the story personally. It is indeed true, when I read the complaint written by lawyers   I never spoke to Gretchen as she was long gone from Fox   I found it inconsistent with what was my experience and information at the Fox News Channel, admittedly working 200 miles from the  scene of the crimes.  It was hidden from all of us. Van Susteren left Fox News earlier this week and they replaced her with Brit Hume, a man who has spewed sexist remarks on the air for years.And now that she is no longer employed by Fox News, Van Susteren has absolutely no problem shaming her former employers for not doing anything about Roger Ailes sooner. But I have regrets beyond Geraldo s and beyond not believing a civil complaint written by lawyers. I regret that Roger Ailes was not supervised by those in a public corporation who had the duty to supervise him. This included his seniors, the CFO s of both Fox News Channel and 21CF (and its predecessor NewsCorp), the Board of Directors and what I assume this public corporation had, outside auditors. Checks written that were suspicious should have been spotted. But Fox News still hasn t learned much since many of the people who let Ailes get away with sexually harassing female employees, like Bill Shine, are still employed in their positions by the company.Even some high profile male hosts are still employed, including Steve Doocy, who was named in Carlson s lawsuit, and Bill O Reilly, who was named in Andrea Tantaros  lawsuit.Fox News needs to go beyond axing Ailes. They need to clean house or the working environment at Fox will simply continue being  like a sex-fueled, Playboy Mansion-like cult, steeped in intimidation, indecency and misogyny. Featured image via Facebook",0
4705," Donald Trump Just ‘Accidentally’ Did An Interview On Russian TV, Because Of Course He Did (VIDEO)","Donald Trump did an interview with Larry King for his program on Russia Today, a Russian network that specializes in Putin s propaganda. Naturally, Trump says it was an  accident.  He didn t really mean to go on Russian TV. Obviously, King tricked him into it! What other explanation could there be?A trump spokeswoman told Kevin Cirilli from Bloomberg News that Trump was doing King a favor because they are old friends and The Donald is such a benevolent soul. Naturally, when King asked him to do the interview, the GOP nominee assumed that he meant for his podcast. (I guess he never heard that phrase about assuming.) So it was totally not his fault that he ended up doing the interview for King s show on Russian Television.Trump campaign spokeswoman tells me that Trump ""recorded a short interview with Larry King for his podcast as a favor to Mr. King.""  Kevin Cirilli (@kevcirilli) September 9, 2016Trump campaign spokeswoman says that they thought Larry King interview was going to be on King's podcast   not RT.  Kevin Cirilli (@kevcirilli) September 9, 2016Trump campaign spokeswoman tells me that ""what Larry King does with the interview content is up to him, we have nothing to do with it.""  Kevin Cirilli (@kevcirilli) September 9, 2016Jason Miller, another Trump spokesman, gave the same story and claimed that Trump thought he was being interviewed for King s CNN podcast. Mr. Trump was never told it would be shared anywhere else,  Miller said.Trump campaign manager Kellyanne Conway jumped on the bandwagon during a Friday morning appearance on CNN s New Day, saying that Trump never realized he as being interviewed for the Russian network. A former CNN superstar, Larry King, has a podcast, and Mr. Trump went on his podcast. Nobody said it would be on Russian TV,  Conway insisted.Trump has sung the praises of Russian President Vladimir Putin throughout the election and earlier in the week even said that Putin is a better president than Obama during the Command-in-Chief Forum.During the phone interview, King asked Trump what he thought about recent reports that, following the DNC hack, American officials are looking into allegations of Russian interference in the U.S. presidential election. I think it s probably unlikely. Maybe the Democrats are putting that out   who knows,  Trump replied.  If they are doing something, I hope that somebody s going to be able to find out so they can end it. Because that would not be appropriate at all. Featured image via via video screen capture",0
4706, WATCH: Guiliani Claims Trump Gave Up Birtherism And Chris Matthews WRECKS Him,"MSNBC host asked one final question during an interview with Rudy Guiliani on Thursday and his answer caused Matthews to take the former mayor to the woodshed.For years, Donald Trump has been outright accusing President Obama of not being born in the United States. Then President Obama released his birth certificate to the public and thoroughly humiliated the businessman.And now that Trump is the Republican nominee, his birtherism is coming back to bit him in the ass as he has repeatedly been asked if he still believes President Obama was born in Kenya.So far, Trump has refused to talk about it and is hoping the media will just forget about the whole thing, but Chris Matthews had other ideas on Thursday as he cornered Rudy Guiliani about it.Matthews pointed out that Mike Pence and Ben Carson have both broken with Donald Trump to confirm that President Obama is the legitimately elected Commander-in-Chief of the United States.Guiliani claimed that he also believes that and said that Donald Trump believes that as well, but Matthews didn t buy it because Trump has avoided talking about it and has not publicly admitted that President Obama was born in America. When did he do that?  Matthews demanded to know.Guiliani claimed Trump said it a few years ago, but that was news to Matthews, who continued to grill Guiliani about it.Guiliani then tried to blame Hillary Clinton for the birther movement, but Matthews quickly shut that lie down and made Guiliani squirm. When is he gonna say that this president is legitimate?  Matthews repeated.  This is a fundamental question, mister mayor. Is the President of the United States legitimate of not? Guiliani continued to try and cover Trump s ass, but Matthews was not having any of it. Can you commit to your candidate saying in the next 24 hours that President Barack Obama s a legitimate president?  Matthews asked.  Can you commit for him that he will say that? But Guiliani couldn t even do that and ended up desperately trying to change the subject to Hillary Clinton.Here s the video via YouTube:Guiliani got his ass handed to him in this interview and that makes it very clear that Donald Trump needs to eat some crow and admit that President Obama is a legitimate president and reject birtherism once and for all.Featured Image: Screenshot",0
4707, Youth Pastor Rapes Teen Girl And Church Demands She Apologize To Her Rapist’s Wife,"This church in Ohio apparently doesn t understand who the victim is here.Columbia Road Baptist Church in North Olmsted actually banned a teenage girl and her family from attending services until she apologizes to the wife of the man who sexually abused her.Youth pastor Brian Mitchell had a wife and three kids, but that didn t stop him from targeting a 16-year-old girl who was simply seeking spiritual guidance at the church.Mitchell began by texting the girl constantly and complained about his wife. The text messages stopped temporarily after church leaders found out about the texts. But since church officials neglected to report Mitchell to the police he pretty much figured he could do whatever he wanted so he moved on to forcibly kissing the underage girl. Then he began sexually abusing her while driving her home.The sexual abuse would continue for the next month and the girl became depressed.Finally, Mitchell was arrested and sentenced to serve ten years in prison after Judge Patrick Corrigan refused to buy his excuse that he loved the girl. Your delusional excuse   that there were emotions and love involved   is troubling,  the judge said.  That s extremely delusional. What s also delusional is that the Columbia Road Baptist Church actually thinks the teenage girl their employee raped somehow owes Mitchell s wife an apology.During testimony, the girl s mother revealed that the church basically blamed her daughter for the whole situation and told them not to come back to the church until an apology has been made. Rather than comply with the ridiculous demand, the family just stopped attending church altogether.Rather than rally around the victim in her time of need, the church instead chose to rally around the rapist. You know, because Jesus.Frankly, the church should be slapped with a lawsuit for not reporting Mitchell s harassment of the teen in the first place. Church leaders knew Mitchell was obsessively texting this girl and they basically did nothing which only emboldened him to go further.Mitchell should not be the only one held responsible for how this girl was treated. Church leaders should be punished as well. And any congregant who actually believes the church was right to demand an apology from the victim is no true Christian. They are as fraudulent as the church they attend.Featured Image: Columbia Road Baptist Church Facebook Page ",0
4708, Melania Trump Gone AWOL: Trump Campaign Totally Hiding Nominee’s Wife,"If you ve recently noticed that you haven t seen Melania Trump recently, it s not just you. For the last seven weeks since the Republican Convention, the wife of Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump has barely been in the public eye.This close to election day, it is very unusual for the spouse of a candidate to be this hidden. Even accounting for the fact that the very visible Bill Clinton is a former president and therefore more accustomed to the campaign trail, Mrs. Trump s disappearance is connected to the Trump campaign s ongoing incompetence. From The Washington Post:Her long silence followed the fiasco over her convention speech, parts of which turned out to have been plagiarized. Then she took her website down after revelations that there was no record she had obtained a college degree, as her site had claimed. And while the issue of illegal immigration is central to her husband s platform, neither Melania Trump nor the Trump campaign has produced documentation to prove how the Slovenian immigrant got a visa to work in the United States or how she obtained her green card in 2001. Melania Trump has said she has been  at all times in full compliance  with immigration laws; Donald Trump has said his wife is  so documented. Even as the campaign declines to fill in details of her life story, Melania Trump has deployed an attorney to beat back news reports probing her past. Last week, the former fashion model filed a libel suit against a blogger and a British newspaper for reports, since retracted, suggesting that she once worked as an escort.It s hard to blame candidate spouses for their desire to avoid the spotlight; after all they aren t the ones running for office. But at the same time, the multiple screw-ups around the Trumps don t seem to be her fault personally. Instead, they are the product of the yes men (and women) that Donald Trump has continuously surrounded himself with, people that are incapable of crafting a convention speech or truthfully writing up a biography on a website.At this point, with the number of questions swirling around Melania Trump, her absence from the campaign trail and inaccessibility to reporters will only make said questions continue to dog her even after this fiasco is long over. However, Trump s incompetency and unwillingness to listen to anyone who might actually be able to clean this sort of thing up neatly means that anyone who might try to help Melania Trump at her husband s request will likely only make matters worse. Poor Melania. She didn t ask for any of this.She s probably better off avoiding these people   and her husband s campaign   at all costs.Featured image via Flickr",0
4709, Trump Supporter Goes Off The Rails: ‘Hillary’s Place Is In Front Of A Firing Squad’ (VIDEO),"Trump supporter, anti-Islam  activist,  and vapid, racist fool James Stachowiak is furious. Now, Stachowiak is almost perpetually enraged, but this time Shark Tank host Mark Cuban made Johnny Infidel  (as the Tea Partier calls himself) furious. Recently, Cuban predicted that a Trump presidency would create a dire economic downturn.Stachowiak complained that he saw Cuban make the remarks on Fox News. He says that he has no doubt the market will tank if Trump wins the presidency,  the right-wing  activist  whines.  Well, just like every coin has two sides, I m gonna give the other side of the coin. I have no doubt that if Hillary wins, Americans will die because Americans died, Hillary lied, and Benghazi still matters,  he rambles, adding that a Clinton presidency will lead to  more Americans brutally sodomized, murdered, their bodies burned and dragged through the streets of more capitols across the globe like what happened in Benghazi. Boy, what a persuasive argument!Stachowiak then compares Hillary Clinton to the Soviet spies, the Rosenbergs, who were executed for treason because they actually committed treason   unlike Clinton, who has not committed a single prosecutable offense. What Hillary has done makes the Rosenbergs  actions pale in comparison,  he explains.  Hillary s actions have actually caused Americans to die. Benghazi.  Then things get crazy(ier): It is my opinion, and I m probably one of the first to say it, that Hillary Clinton should be put on trial   hopefully under a Trump presidency   and found guilty of treason for compromising national security. She should be sentenced to death at a federal court. Hillary clinton s proper place in our country is in front of a firing squad for committing treason against our country. What should happen to Mark Cuban?  Stachowiak asks rhetorically before burning a photograph of the Clinton supporter.Yeah, that s what he thinks should happen to Mark Cuban. Let s hope none of his insane fans act on it.Featured image via screengrab",0
4710," This Bank Ripped Us Off In a HUGE Way, Now Obama Is Making Them Pay Millions For It","If you listen to conservatives, big money interests like the banks have been unfairly attacked by progressives like Senators Bernie Sanders and Elizabeth Warren. According to them, the system isn t rigged and progressives are just being conspiracy theorists.But now a massive plot inside one of America s biggest banks has been exposed, and the Obama administration is going to make them pay for what they ve done.5,300 Wells Fargo employees are going to be fired, after it was exposed that they have been secretly signing up thousands of customers for accounts they didn t ask for. They did it so they could collect fees and add to their earnings. From CNN Money:The phony accounts earned the bank unwarranted fees and allowed Wells Fargo employees to boost their sales figures and make more money. Wells Fargo employees secretly opened unauthorized accounts to hit sales targets and receive bonuses,  Richard Cordray, director of the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau, said in a statement.Now, the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau (CFPB), a government agency created by President Obama and in part credited to Senator Warren, is stepping in to make the bank pay. Wells Fargo will have to pay full restitution to the victims of its greed, including annual fees, interest charges, and overdraft-protection fees that it deceitfully collected.The bank has entered into an agreement with CFPB to pay $185 million in fines, and $5 million in a refund to its customers.It s worth remembering that Republicans   backed by donations from the banking and financial industry   have tried repeatedly to attack and defund CFPB. Despite the agency being solely dedicated to consumer rights (as opposed to industry concerns, as in other government departments like the notoriously pro-industry Department of Interior), the supposedly populist right has still opposed it.To his credit, not only has Obama defended CFPB, he has argued again and again that Congress should fund it and allow it to stand up for consumers.Featured image via YouTube",0
4711," In Brilliant Op-Ed, Hillary Clinton Opens Up About Her Flaws","Hillary Clinton is far from the perfect politician. She sometimes comes across as cold, as unemotional. She, unlike her opponent, though, is perfectly aware of her flaws and in a deeply moving op-ed in the Humans of New York blog, Clinton opens up about her flaws and about being a woman in what s still a man s world.If anyone is demonstrating the double standard between women and men, it s Clinton s opponent, Donald Trump, who just this week said that Clinton doesn t have  a presidential look.  Yeah, we know what that means. Or how about the people who are criticizing Clinton for not smiling enough? Could you imagine that happening with a man?By this time, Clinton is used to the double standard, but it does make it tougher for the most qualified presidential candidate in decades to compete. In the article in Humans of New York, Clinton talked about her history and about how hard she works at not appearing too feminine.She relayed a story about law school, and how hard she worked to learn to control her emotions. She also recognizes that she comes across as cold and unemotional because of that. I had to learn as a young woman to control my emotions. And that s a hard path to walk. Because you need to protect yourself, you need to keep steady, but at the same time you don t want to seem  walled off.  And sometimes I think I come across more in the  walled off  arena. And if I create that perception, then I take responsibility. I don t view myself as cold or unemotional. And neither do my friends. And neither does my family. But if that sometimes is the perception I create, then I can t blame people for thinking that. As for the inevitable comparisons with Bill Clinton and Barack Obama, well, she knows she doesn t have their charisma. She also sees how hard they work on it. I m not Barack Obama. I m not Bill Clinton. Both of them carry themselves with a naturalness that is very appealing to audiences. But I m married to one and I ve worked for the other, so I know how hard they work at being natural. It s not something they just dial in. They work and they practice what they re going to say. It s not that they re trying to be somebody else. But it s hard work to present yourself in the best possible way. She also notes that there are very few role models for women in politics and that Obama s and her husband s type of charisma doesn t work for women.It s a double-edged sword. Clinton is accused of being stiff, but if she s animated, things get even worse. But I ve learned that I can t be quite so passionate in my presentation. I love to wave my arms, but apparently that s a little bit scary to people. And I can t yell too much. It comes across as  too loud  or  too shrill  or  too this  or  too that.  Which is funny, because I m always convinced that the people in the front row are loving it. If Clinton wins, some of these double standards might start drifting away, but it s still a misogynistic world. A woman president won t solve misogyny any more than an African-American president solved racism. It s a societal problem, but for those who don t consider themselves sexist, perhaps it s time to take a good hard look at your criticisms of Clinton. Would the criticisms be the same if she was a man?Featured image via Justin Sullivan/Getty Images",0
4712, Entire Seattle Seahawks Team Will Join Kaepernick In Protest During National Anthem On Sunday,"The Seattle Seahawks will become the first team to join 49ers quarterback Colin Kaepernick in protesting during the National Anthem.According to starting linebacker Bobby Wagner, the team has a  big surprise  in store for the opening game of the season when the Star Spangled Banner is sung. Wagner said that the entire team will be taking part, but he did not say if the players plan to sit or kneel. Anything we want to do, it s not going to be individual. It s going to be a team thing. That s what the world needs to see. The world needs to see people coming together versus being individuals,  Wagner said.Last Thursday, Seahawks cornerback Jeremy Lane became one of the first two players to join Kaepernick when he sat on the sidelines during the National Anthem. He was supported by head coach Pete Carroll, who recently stood up for Lane when the inevitable criticism came following last week s game. [Lane] s pretty clear on what he did and what he was trying to express and I think it is very simple and so we ll leave that up to him,  Carroll said of Lane s decision to protest.Starting wide receiver Doug Baldwin also expressed his support for Kaepernick and his protest via social media. Baldwin defended Kaepernick s protest when he faced harsh criticism for his decision to sit, and later kneel in honor of the military, during the National Anthem. Baldwin blasted those condemning the 49ers quarterback and reminded them what free speech actually means.We honor those who fight for our right to freedom of speech and then condemn those who exercise that right?  Doug Baldwin Jr (@DougBaldwinJr) September 2, 2016Don t tell me you just disagree with the methods. You really mean to say you disagree with the cause.  Doug Baldwin Jr (@DougBaldwinJr) September 2, 2016To change the status quo you have to upset the status quo. Not by going with the flow.You have to stand/sit for what you believe in.  Doug Baldwin Jr (@DougBaldwinJr) September 2, 2016Kaepernick was joined in kneeling on the sidelines during the anthem last week by fellow 49er Eric Reid. U.S. Women s National Team soccer player Megan Rapinoe, and several members of the West Virginia Tech volleyball team have also chosen to sit or kneel rather than stand during the Star Spangled Banner, to show their solidarity with Kaepernick and the issues he is trying to bring attention to.Kaepernick has said that he is  not going to stand up to show pride in a flag for a country that oppresses black people and people of color.  Speaking of the police brutality epidemic plaguing America, Kaepernick added that,  There are bodies in the street and people getting paid leave and getting away with murder. Featured image via Ezra Shaw/Getty Images",0
4713, Mexico Retaliates Against Trump’s Bullying By Threatening To Nullify Treaty That Ended Mexican-American War,"The last thing this country needs right now is a president who will only cause tensions between our allies and ourselves. Mexico is getting sick and tired of being bullied by Donald Trump so they are doing something about it.Trump has threatened to punish Mexico economically is they do not pay for his wall along the border and he has promised to nullify treaties such as NAFTA that promote free trade between Canada, Mexico, and the United States.And now, in the wake of Trump s recent embarrassing trip to Mexico, our southern neighbor is weighing legislation that would possibly nullify the 1848 Treaty of Guadalupe Hidalgo that ended the Mexican-American War and gave the United States the territories of Texas and California in addition to areas of Arizona, Colorado, New Mexico, Nevada, Utah and Wyoming.To put it bluntly, Mexico is essentially telling Trump to go f*ck himself. Mexico could also nullify any other treaty or agreement that the two nations have ever made with each other.Introduced by Mexican Senator Armando Rios Piter, the bill would not only cancel the treaty, it would also ban state funds from being used to pay for future Trump visits to the country and from being used to pay for the wall.Furthermore, if Trump retaliates against Mexicans living in the United States, Mexico will respond by placing additional taxes upon the one million Americans who currently live in Mexico. It was a historic error for our president to invite a person like that to our country,  Piter said.  Mr. Trump used us as a campaign tool. The goal is to foresee and prevent any negative effects on Mexico if Trump becomes president of the United States. As a Mexican, I already feel attacked and outraged at Trump. That s why we have to act. We can t take a partisan view of this. All parties in the senate are in agreement that Mexico needs to stand up for itself and strengthen its relationship with the United States. We want to shut Trump s mouth, which has been spewing this hateful speech. This is the kind of diplomatic disaster that electing Donald Trump would cause. It would be a humiliating moment in American history and would signal to the rest of the world that they can also nullify treaties with us. This would be devastating to our leadership role in the world and would make us the laughingstock of the international community. Hundreds of years worth of treaties with countries all around the world would be in jeopardy of being trashed simply because Donald Trump is incapable of not insulting and bullying others. He is the most significant threat facing our country and the rest of the world today and the only way to put that threat down is to make sure he never becomes president.Featured image via Getty Images",0
4714, Intelligence Officials SKEWER Trump For Politicizing Classified Briefings,"The latest 2016 developments are completely unprecedented in our nation s history but Donald Trump doesn t care.Despite the fact that classified intelligence briefings are supposed to be kept confidential and neutral during elections, the Republican nominee broke established protocol on Wednesday night and opened his big mouth to make unfounded claims about those meetings.During the Commander-in-Chief Forum on NBC, Trump demonstrated in a single breath that he is totally unfit to be president when he told Matt Lauer that he could tell by the  body language  of those briefing him that don t like President Obama. I was very, very surprised. In almost every instance, and I could tell, I have pretty good with the body language [sic], I could tell, they were not happy. Our leaders did not follow what they were recommending. Not only is Trump trying to destroy the neutrality of the intelligence community, he is trying to use them for his own political gain.And intelligence officials both past and present were quick to slam him for it.Former CIA analyst Paul Pillar told the Washington Post that intelligence officers do not express political preferences during these briefings and they certainly do not use body language. Those selected for this task would have been the most professional of an elite corps of intelligence officers. One of the last things they would do is express either verbally or through body language preferences. Former CIA officer David Priess, who is experienced at delivering briefings was completely disgusting by Trump s claim. We ve had other presidential candidates mention that they got a briefing and talk in platitudes about it. We ve never had somebody talk about what happened in a session. Trump not only blabbed, he told a straight-up lie in order to claim that there is discord between the Obama Administration and the intelligence community, which could create a mistrust that could have serious consequences. In short, this attempt by Trump to score political points is dangerous.Former CIA Director Michael Morell agrees. This is the first time that I can remember a candidate for president doing a readout from an intelligence briefing, and it s the first time a candidate has politicized their intelligence briefing,  he told NBC.  Both of those are highly inappropriate and crossed a long standing red line respected by both parties. To me this is just the most recent example that underscores that this guy is unfit to be commander in chief. Donald Trump is clearly sowing discord between the intelligence community and the current administration at a time when we need both to work together to protect the American people. But that will only get harder because of Trump s unwillingness to keep his mouth shut by making claims he can t prove.Intelligence officials are trained to be neutral and to keep their personal political beliefs out of their assessments. Ultimately, the president has the final say on what action to take on certain intelligence whether intelligence agents agree or not.At this point, Trump has failed to build trust with the intelligence community and that could be a major problem for this country as we seek to prevent future attacks by ISIS. Donald trump is not helping, he is hurting and that is not the kind of president America needs.Featured image via Spencer Platt/Getty Images",0
4715, Joy Behar Just SHREDDED Trump After He Praised Putin And Slammed Obama (VIDEO),"While most of the press is content in letting Donald Trump get away with the horrible things he says and won t hold his feet to the fire, at least one person isn t holding back   Joy Behar of The View.After Trump told Matt Lauer during NBC s Presidential Forum that he s happy to be praised by Russia s Vladimir Putin, all the while putting down President Obama, Joy Behar was ready to tear him a new one.Trump even went so far to say that Putin has been a leader  far more  than President Obama has. Keep in mind, Putin cares nothing about the human rights of many of his citizens, most especially gay individuals.And the only reason Putin has been praising Trump is because he knows that if Trump were in power it would be easier for him to power-grab. Putin seems to see Trump as the weaker candidate who will be easier to manipulate due to his lack of experience.Behar started by saying: He forgets that we have checks and balances in this country. We have a constitution. The Russians don t have such a thing. Then, after Candace Cameron Bure tried to spew some nonsense saying Putin makes Russians feel safe, Behar really let Trump have it. She said: The polls in Russia. Is he talking about Polish people? Or is he talking about polls? Because the dictatorship that is Putin is controlling the polls, okay? Then after it was explained that the media doesn t even have representation in Russia, which honestly seems like something Trump would like, Behar said: It s so unpatriotic, is what it is. And for him to say such things, in front of our military, is a disgrace. Which is exactly what it is, and yet another reason Trump shouldn t be allowed anywhere near the Oval Office.Watch Joy Behar tear Trump a new one here:.@joyvbehar on Trump saying Putin is a better leader than Obama:  to say such things   is a disgrace.  https://t.co/MRUf4SsyyN  The View (@TheView) September 8, 2016Featured image via video screen capture",0
4716, Trump Loving Nut-Job Facing Charges After Making Death Threats For This Absurd Reason,"Jason Kauti, an avid supporter of Donald Trump, is facing felony charges in Georgia after he freaked out and started making death threats when a woman online called the GOP nominee  racist.  (Just for the record, he is. But I digress.)A woman, whose name is being withheld at her request, made the fateful mistake of commenting on a friend s political Facebook post. (We ve all been there.) However, when she commented that Trump is a racist, all hell broke lose. Things quickly spiraled out of control when Kauti threatened to murder the woman and her family. If we ever cross paths I will kill you and your family,  Kauti wrote on Facebook.The woman filed a complaint on July 23, seeking help from authorities after her life and the safety of her family was threatened online. Milton police spokesman Lt. Charles Barstow said that Kauti was arrested after posting his death threat on the social media site. They were having an argument and unfortunately the dialogue turned into threats, some very serious threats,  Barstow said.The Atlanta Journal Constitution reports that  as recently as Tuesday, public posts on Kauti s Facebook timeline show him holding a handgun with an expletive comment  suck it  under a profile picture of the University of Miami Hurricanes football logo.  That post seems to have been removed, or at least, it is no longer public.When speaking with police, the woman said that Kauti had claimed online to have been in the Class of 1997 at Milton High School. She also provided authorities with a screenshot of the post, but they had to verify that  what we see online is exactly as it is  before they were able to take any action.Kauti has had quite the exciting summer it seems. On July 24, a day after the woman filed her complaint, Kauti was booked into the Fulton County Jail on charges of felony terroristic threat making, erratic lane change and driving under the influence of alcohol. He spent two days behind bars before he was released on a $2,600 bond.A month later, Kauti was sitting in the slammer once again, this time for his homicidal Facebook threats.Fulton County Jail spokeswoman Tracy Flanagan said that although the arrest on July 24 arrest came a day after the woman filed her complaint, the warrant for Kauti s arrest wasn t signed until a month later on August 24. So it would seem that Kauti turned himself in to be processed for the new charge,  Flanagan explained.Kauti was released on August 26 after paying the Alpha Bonding Company for a $7,500 bond. He is scheduled to appear for a preliminary hearing on Friday.You can watch more here.Featured image via AJC.com",0
4717, Donald Trump Just Got A BIG ‘F*** You’ From Goldman Sachs (TWEETS),"Goldman Sachs Group Inc. has just sent the Trump campaign a message that is going to make them furious, especially coming from one of the largest investment banks in the country.Recently, the bank banned all of its top officials from donating to Trump s campaign   which is kind of hilarious considering how much Trump s campaign is struggling. In a memo right now, the bank instructed its highest ranking employees: Effective Thursday, September 1, all partners across the firm are considered  restricted persons  as defined by the firm s Policy on Personal Political Activities in the US. As outlined below, restricted persons are prohibited from engaging in political activities and/or making campaign contributions to candidates running for state and local offices, as well as sitting state and local officials running for federal office.The policy change is meant to prevent inadvertently violating pay-to-play rules, particularly the look-back provision, when partners transition into roles covered by these rules. The penalties for failing to comply with these rules can be severe and include fines and a ban on the firm from doing business with government clients in a particular jurisdiction for a period of at least two years.The policy change is also meant to minimize potential reputational damage caused by any false perception that the firm is attempting to circumvent pay-to-play rules, particularly given partners  seniority and visibility. All failures to pre-clear political activities as outlined below are taken seriously and violations may result in disciplinary action. Damn! And to make this even more brilliant, Goldman Sachs SPECIFICALLY called out the Trump campaign when they described the types of donations that are banned: any federal candidate who is a sitting state or local official (e.g., governor running for president or vice president, such as the Trump/Pence ticket, or mayor running for Congress), including their Political Action Committees (PACs). TwitterTwitterThe interesting thing here is that both Trump and Clinton s running mates hold a position in a political office   yet only Trump s VP pick, Indiana governor Mike Pence, is mentioned. To make matters even worse, these rules don t restrict donations to Clinton s campaign because Kaine is a U.S. Senator for Virginia and not considered a local official according to Goldman Sachs  rules (although the memo does say employees cannot donate to the Virginia Democratic party).Although Goldman Sachs  CEO hasn t officially said who he is voting for, it s public knowledge that he s a long-time Clinton fan, and had donated to her campaign when she ran against Obama in 2008.You can read the full memo here, as obtained by Fortune.Featured image via Chip Somodevilla / Getty Images",0
4718, Hillary Clinton Gives The Perfect Response To Reince Priebus’ Sexist Tweet,"After GOP candidate Donald Trump and Democratic candidate Hillary Clinton wrapped up their appearance on MSNBC s  Commander In Chief  forum, Reince Priebus, chairman of the Republican National Committee, had some very sexist words for Clinton:@HillaryClinton was angry + defensive the entire time   no smile and uncomfortable   upset that she was caught wrongly sending our secrets.  Reince Priebus (@Reince) September 8, 2016The old  she needs to smile more  and  she s too emotional  spiel. Of course, Trump was also defensive (even belittling a female veteran), but you heard nothing from Priebus about it. No, in typical Republican form, the old, angry conservative man decided to attack the qualified woman running because that s just what they do. Naturally, social media tore him to shreds for being a gross misogynist. But it was Hillary Clinton s response, always laced with class and elegance, that took the cake: Actually, that s just what taking the office of President seriously looks like. https://t.co/Pyn92mesom  Hillary Clinton (@HillaryClinton) September 8, 2016And that s how it s done.While the good ol  boys let Trump have a free pass on everything (Matt Lauer has been eviscerated for his handling of the forum), it s Hillary who is blasted, not because of policy disagreements, but because of demeanor, something that would never be said to any man running for the office of presidency.So Trump can praise Putin, blast our generals (and hint at firing them en masse), but god forbid Hillary Clinton takes this forum serious and doesn t smile enough. Thanks for showing the American people where your priorities lie, Republicans. I wonder, will smiling more will keep our troops safe, reward our veterans, avoid war/conflict, and clean up the DOD budget?So the media and the GOP elite focus on smiling, coughing, a pillow on the chair during interviews, and defensive strategy. No wonder Trump is a nominee for President of the United States.Featured image via Justin Sullivan/Getty Images",0
4719, Trump Just Gave The Most BIZARRE Response For How He’ll Defeat ISIS (VIDEO),"Audience members and viewers watching MSNBC s  Commander-in-Chief Forum  were treated to a rare, once-in-a-lifetime moment last night when Donald Trump actually told the truth for a few seconds about his  plan  to defeat ISIS.Host and moderator Matt Lauer had been grilling the Republican nominee on the insanity he s been spewing about having a secret plan to defeat ISIS that he can t reveal (supposedly because it would just tip-off the terrorist group). While Trump has previously been quick to find creative ways to dodge or turn around questions in a way that confuses people and avoids having to actually provide an answer, The Donald slipped up this time. By complete accident, Trump revealed that regardless of what he s said in the past, there is no plan at all.In trying to clarify a contradictory statement that Trump had made in a speech earlier that day in which Trump had said he d give military leaders 30 days to devise a plan to defeat ISIS, Lauer asked Trump: So, is the plan you ve been hiding this whole time asking someone else for their plan? Trump stumbled over this question right away, unintentionally showing Americans that Trump has yet to come up with a strategy: No. But when I do come up with a plan that I like, and that perhaps agrees with mine   or maybe doesn t   I may love what the generals come back with Lauer continued to question Trump about releasing the plan, and criticized him for taking a plan from  generals    even though Trump has previously said that he knows more about ISIS than they do. This part of the interview was completely bizarre as Trump loses his footing and Lauer knew the Republican nominee was vulnerable   but it was perfect. Trump was finally being exposed for the liar he is.You can watch this part of the interview below:Is Donald Trump s counterterrorism plan to ask for someone else s plan? #NBCNewsForumhttps://t.co/A5IN7J9S9l  MSNBC (@MSNBC) September 8, 2016Featured image via Spencer Platt / Getty Images",0
4720, Gary Johnson Displays Stunning Foreign Policy Ignorance On ‘Morning Joe’ (VIDEO),"Libertarian presidential candidate Gary Johnson has been seen as an alternative to Donald Trump for many Republicans and other right-leaning types who can t stomach their own party s nominee and don t want to vote for Hillary Clinton. However, that prospect likely just went right out the window for many people after a Thursday morning question that revealed Johnson s ignorance when it comes to foreign policy.Johnson appeared on MSNBC s Morning Joe, and when asked about what he would do about Aleppo, he actually asked,  What is Aleppo? Veteran columnist and frequent Morning Joe panelist Mike Barnacle looked at Johnson with the rest of the panel, visibly stunned. He responded,  You re kidding.  Johnson said, with a blank stare,  No. In case anyone here is as clueless as Gary Johnson is on this matter, Aleppo is the largest city in Syria, and the heart of the refugee crisis. It s the source of all of those heartbreaking images of children of war that have been ripping all of our hearts out. It s where the battle for Syria is being waged. It s essentially the epicenter of the war that ISIS is waging. To have a person who wishes to be President of the United States and Commander-in-Chief of our military not know these basic facts is not only breathtaking in its ignorance, but also disqualifying.In other words, just like Donald Trump, Gary Johnson is far too ignorant of world affairs to be considered for the position he seeks. Out of the viable candidates for the White House, the only person who has the knowledge of world affairs and policy issues to actually be able to effectively do the job is Hillary Clinton. Whatever one might think of her as a person, or of her policy positions, she is qualified. No one else presented to us is.Watch the exchange with Johnson below:.@mikebarnicle: What would you do, if you were elected, about Aleppo? @GovGaryJohnson: And what is Aleppo? https://t.co/ZbqO5RAEsk  Morning Joe (@Morning_Joe) September 8, 2016Featured image via video screen capture",0
4721," Fox News Steals Greta Van Susteren’s Personal Website, So She Punks Them Hard For It","Greta van Susteren left Fox News abruptly recently, but she s having a bit of fun trolling the network. When someone leaves, standard procedure is to redirect their news page back to Fox s own website. However, they also redirected her personal page, Greta.com. That s not right   she owns the domain. So she took matters into her own hands and redirected it somewhere else.She redirected it to an animal rescue site called PetsConnect Rescue. PetsConnect noticed that, and was so grateful for it that they even tweeted a thank-you at her. Since Fox is right-leaning, and also named after an animal (unless it was named for men s views of women as eye candy), that s punking a little hard. Animal rights and welfare do not matter to the right at all.Not only that, but on the chance that Fox stole her domain to needle her, and it wasn t an honest mistake, needling them back with a sharp pipe like this seems to be the most reasonable thing to do.Fox News is falling apart at the seams with all of the sexual harassment allegations being thrown at them, and also with Gretchen Carlson s $20 million settlement. The network also publicly apologized to her, and settled with a handful of other women as well.It also recently came out that they re guilty of hacking into the personal phones of journalists at other news outlets to find out who they were talking to. In short, Roger Ailes maintained one of the biggest tissues of lies ever: Running his network into the ground and calling it a success.The toilet is too lofty a place to describe the depths to which they have sunk.Van Susteren s website is Greta.com. Since it s her domain, it will go where she wants it to. That s her right, and Fox News can go suck it.Featured image by Nancy Ostertag/Getty Images",0
4722," Martin ‘Pharma Bro’ Shkreli Gets ROYALLY Owned On Twitter, And He Can’t Take It (TWEETS)","Patton Oswalt can really light Twitter up sometimes. Three days ago, he was tweeting the #TrumpCantSwim hashtag and pretending that getting it trending was absolutely outrageous to him. For reasons unknown, Martin  Pharma Bro  Shkreli decided to try and interrupt Oswalt s hashtag fun. But all did not end well for him. Oswalt took him down in a way that only Oswalt can.Here s the original tweet, along with Shkreli s lame attempt at insulting him:@pattonoswalt who r u again  Martin Shkreli (@MartinShkreli) September 6, 2016Oswalt hit back: why r u ever https://t.co/yERoMuOxDk  Patton Oswalt (@pattonoswalt) September 6, 2016Shkreli, at this point, tried to puff up his chest:@pattonoswalt da best  Martin Shkreli (@MartinShkreli) September 6, 2016Really? That s all he had? Yes. Well, no, but Shkreli isn t very good at this. In fact, he just plain sucks at it: Nope. Now run along, live your life & die wealthy yet confused by how empty you feel in those last seconds. https://t.co/hPRn9J9hms  Patton Oswalt (@pattonoswalt) September 6, 2016 this pathetic loser would never be able to go toe-to-toe with me in a discussion about anything. comedian idiot! https://t.co/wlCS83U3e4  Martin Shkreli (@MartinShkreli) September 6, 2016Never said I was smarter than you, dummy. Just said you re boring and soulless. https://t.co/dWYVdQ4VXH  Patton Oswalt (@pattonoswalt) September 6, 2016 same w/colbert. u guys can deliver a joke but that doesn t make you smart. plus i m funnier. @StephenAtHome @pattonoswalt its called talent  Martin Shkreli (@MartinShkreli) September 6, 2016 Dude, 12 year-olds on a Skittles rush can troll better than you. https://t.co/j0uLn9zrRl  Patton Oswalt (@pattonoswalt) September 6, 2016They say laughter is the best medicine but I ve never seen you run a clinical trial! @pattonoswalt liberal trash bag limousine liberal  Martin Shkreli (@MartinShkreli) September 6, 2016 You got me there, Transdermal Patch Adams! https://t.co/ysMCVxiUb3  Patton Oswalt (@pattonoswalt) September 6, 2016@pattonoswalt anyone especially me could do what u do plz stop pretending u matter  Martin Shkreli (@MartinShkreli) September 6, 2016 If I don t matter then what s stopping you from crushing the comedy landscape? Have at it, champ! https://t.co/KM9A8K0y2G  Patton Oswalt (@pattonoswalt) September 6, 2016not enough $ in that waste of a time and GUESS WHAT I HELP PEOPLE WITH MY DRUGS STOOPID MORON u just line ur pockets https://t.co/u31RSFxHTX  Martin Shkreli (@MartinShkreli) September 6, 2016 Then keep chasing those $$$s, dreamer! A life well spent. https://t.co/wUfLSxJvfT  Patton Oswalt (@pattonoswalt) September 6, 2016ur the king of queens im the KING OF BROOKLYN now step off @pattonoswalt  Martin Shkreli (@MartinShkreli) September 6, 2016   Patton Oswalt (@pattonoswalt) September 6, 2016But Shkreli tried his best to have the last word. He put forth a valiant effort but failed miserably:show business is for loser idiot morons. a couple of lucky morons who made it big. they probably do drugs, too. liberal trash!  Martin Shkreli (@MartinShkreli) September 6, 2016 This was where Martin lost, BTW. https://t.co/jBB2cUOG4R  Patton Oswalt (@pattonoswalt) September 6, 2016And just when you thought it was over, Shkreli came crawling back with his tail tucked between his legs the next day, but Oswalt wasn t having it at all:Wanted to say I m sorry for your tragedy & wish you the best. @pattonoswalt I m in healthcare to help people whether you believe it or not.  Martin Shkreli (@MartinShkreli) September 6, 2016 I don t & you passive-aggressively bringing my deceased wife into a Twitter fight shows what a coffin-worm you are. https://t.co/oU6VV4ar1X  Patton Oswalt (@pattonoswalt) September 6, 2016@pattonoswalt I m truly sorry for your loss & not P.A. It s a profound tragedy and the fact that so many people adore you is admirable.  Martin Shkreli (@MartinShkreli) September 6, 2016 Don t even trying pulling this faux-concerned  wronged hero  shit with me now. Fuck off. We re done. https://t.co/xbJQvJfvwy  Patton Oswalt (@pattonoswalt) September 6, 2016@pattonoswalt Separately, I help the sick. I respect it may not seem that way I ll let history decide, even if it s not in my favor today.  Martin Shkreli (@MartinShkreli) September 6, 2016 You ll  let history decide . Good for you, Galileo! In the present? You re a pillbug with a soul full of pus. Bye. https://t.co/zmo9sk2rAm  Patton Oswalt (@pattonoswalt) September 6, 2016@pattonoswalt I m sorry you won t hear from me again.  Martin Shkreli (@MartinShkreli) September 6, 2016 First true thing you ve ever said to me. https://t.co/fqMdQ25zoi  Patton Oswalt (@pattonoswalt) September 6, 2016But it still wasn t over! The Avengers  Chris Evans got in on the fun and tweeted a compliment to Oswalt over this, which sent Shkreli off into the ether with apoplectic fits:@pattonoswalt owning @MartinShkreli is my favorite thing on Twitter right now.  Chris Evans (@ChrisEvans) September 7, 2016 Thank you, Captain! https://t.co/lKecDxnZDp  Patton Oswalt (@pattonoswalt) September 7, 2016 Come to Brooklyn and I ll introduce you to the real Captain America and a couple of fuckin roundhouses if you say my name again @ChrisEvans  Martin Shkreli (@MartinShkreli) September 7, 2016.@ChrisEvans gonna respond with  you re going to roundhouse those drug prices  or some dumb shit and 1 mil liberals are gonna scream  owned  Martin Shkreli (@MartinShkreli) September 7, 2016 I have fucking soldiers if u wanna talk shit you have to speak with the rank and file first. Chain-of-command in these streets. Where s Milo  Martin Shkreli (@MartinShkreli) September 7, 2016I m so fuckin pissed I m gonna do some Muai Thai  Martin Shkreli (@MartinShkreli) September 7, 2016At the time of this posting, Evans hadn t responded to this. Regardless, someone really shouldn t let Twitter get to them this way. Shkreli may well need some drugs his price-gouging pharmaceutical company makes soon, providing they make anything to deal with all the side effects of perpetual anger. He can t acknowledge that he got owned, and he has to have the last word. Otherwise his fragile little ego gets irreparably bruised.Featured image by Mark Wilson/Getty Images",0
4723, These Two FANTASTIC Tweets Perfectly Show The Main Difference Between Hillary And Trump,"Last night, NBC hosted the Commander-in-Chief Forum in New York, where host Matt Lauer questioned Hillary and Trump for 30 minutes each (actually he put the screws to Hillary and lobbed puff balls at Trump, but that s beside the point). Hillary, as usual, was specific when answering questions, even those from veterans. Trump? Har de har har. His entire answer to every question boiled down to,  I have a plan, and it will work. Obama and Hillary have screwed this up for you, but my plan will fix it. In fact, the following tweets actually show the difference between Hillary and Trump when it comes to anything to do with policy:One striking contrast: How will you improve vets  mental health?Clinton: See my detailed plan, released last week Trump: The VA is corrupt  Dan Diamond (@ddiamond) September 8, 2016 Clinton: Points to specific allies and her 4,700-word mental health planTrump: Says he ll create something  great  to fix  corrupt  system  Dan Diamond (@ddiamond) September 8, 2016That s pretty much all Trump does. He makes grandiose but vague promises to take care of this, fix that, and more, and people believe him. He could say,  The VA is corrupt. Trust me. I know corrupt enterprises. I can spot them a mile away. The VA is definitely a corrupt enterprise, but I will fix it. We ll have the best veterans system in the world. The best. It ll be great,  and they ll just eat it up without question.That s why he s a demagogue.Meanwhile, we have Hillary Clinton in the other corner, who knows how to develop plans to handle things, and has actual, real ways to handle things, along with who will be enlisted to carry it out and/or help. She provides the specifics on her plans that Trump won t provide on his.That s the main difference between them now. Trump just says whatever he thinks people want to hear, and makes it vague enough that it ll be very easy for him to claim he never promised this, that or the other when, in fact, he did promise this, that or the other. Hillary actually tells people what they can expect.Photo of Hillary Clinton by Justin Sullivan/Getty Images. Photo of Donald Trump by Alex Wong/Getty Images",0
4724," Reince Priebus Mansplained Hillary’s Behavior During Forum, And It’s REPULSIVE (TWEET)","If there s one thing strong, successful women love to hear from men who are jealous of their success, it s how they should behave. With that previous sentence being clearly sarcasm if you possess a brain, it needs to be noted that s what RNC Chair Reince Priebus just did to Hillary Clinton while watching NBC s latest presidential forum discussing veterans and military issues.Priebus thought it wise to write: Hillary Clinton was angry and defensive the entire time   no smile and uncomfortable   upset that she was caught wrongly sending our secrets. @HillaryClinton was angry + defensive the entire time   no smile and uncomfortable   upset that she was caught wrongly sending our secrets.  Reince Priebus (@Reince) September 8, 2016Didn t you know that if you re to be taken seriously as a woman you need to be smiling at all times and look appealing? God forbid you have a face that reads you re taking Veteran issues very seriously and want to make sure they re given the respect and dignity they so rightfully deserve.This is yet just another example of a brutal double standard that still exists not only within modern politics but among the workplace in general.Donald Trump sat there during the entire forum without a smile on his face while discussing Veteran issues with NBC s Matt Lauer, but no one spoke of his lack of facial expression. Why? Because it s not expected of men. Women, on the other hand, are held to a different standard where they need to appear appealing at all times.It s bullshit is what it is.Let s stick to the issues, Priebus.Featured Photo by Joe Raedle/Getty Images",0
4725," Secret Meeting Reveals Trump Camp’s REAL Economic Plan, And It’s NOTHING Like What We’ve Heard","Trump has been telling the whole world about how he ll make our economy boom. He s going to cut taxes, but not cut Medicare or Social Security. He tells blue collar workers that he ll renegotiate all our trade agreements to bring their jobs back. He s going to balance the federal budget within seven years. He has something for everyone, but no plan to pay for any of it.Or does he?Trump s senior economic adviser, Stephen Moore, held a hush-hush meeting with the vice president of the Council for National Policy, Bill Walton. In that meeting, Moore revealed a lot of the ins and outs of the campaign s ideas for paying for his plan, and the whole thing smacks of far-right, free-market, trickle-down, anti-government conservatism unlike anything we ve seen before.Moore wants Trump to eliminate the Department of Education, Department of Commerce, and Department of Energy, just to start. That will cost, oh, about 150,000 jobs or so. Not to mention that, with the elimination of the Department of Commerce, we ll lose the U.S. Patent Office, the U.S. Census Bureau, the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration, and more. Trump believes, however, that this is the source of a lot of crony capitalism and corporate welfare. So make it disappear!They also want to get rid of the Department of Education. That, however, will cost us a uniform accreditation process for colleges and universities, along with everything having to do with grants and student loans. No biggie, everyone can just get private student loans from their own banks, right? Right. Even if they re the poorest of the poor. They d have to, seeing as how it s not likely Congress will pass universal post-secondary education anytime soon.It s Moore that s pushing Trump to do something about the Department of Energy. including ending the energy subsidies. Eliminating the entire department will probably cost us every national laboratory we have that deals with energy research and development. This includes the famous Los Alamos National Laboratory, which was responsible for developing the atom bomb. They also work on nuclear research, cryogenics, and more (maybe they ll just hand these over to private companies with profit motives).He actually said, in that meeting: I mean, my God, why do we need an Energy Department? All the Energy Department has done in the last 25 years is make energy prices more expensive! Or it was due, at least in part, to giving utilities to private enterprises with a profit motive, but hey, he can think what he wants. They can, of course, move these agencies and offices to other departments, and maybe consolidate some, but the savings from doing this won t be near what they likely think.Moore believes in sending things like job training, health care and other medical services, back to the states. The federal government would give the states block grants to administer this stuff. Perhaps Trump would give them yuuuuuuuuuuuuuge block grants to administer all of the above things that will disappear with department elimination, too.And then they ll slowly go away as budgets get cut. States are notorious for finding ways around the strings attached to block grants, which allows them to divert that money to other things.But these kinds of proposals aren t exactly new for Republicans. What Moore also wants Trump to do is lift all (read: all) restrictions and regulations on mining, drilling and fracking. And here we have it: The answer to which energy subsidies would get cut. The ones going to renewables, because of course.Lifting the regulations on fossil fuel production would, in Moore s view, create 6 to 8 million new jobs. Those jobs would increase tax revenue. That, plus ending the subsidies to renewables so that fossil fuels no longer have competition, would bring a windfall of cash.Then Trump can pay for the tax cuts he plans to give his rich buddies.That is, of course, assuming that fossil fuel prices stay where they are, or rise. The energy companies have to see a profit in this plan, or they won t play ball. We can t stop the rest of the world from developing renewables and leaving us in the dust, and we can t stop OPEC from continuing to produce as much as they want to compete with us.Working as closely with a master businessman as Moore is, he should know that falling demand means falling prices. The energy companies have already put some brakes on fracking here because of the glut of oil worldwide. It s not as profitable to frack right now as they want.Plus, no regulation at all? Yeah. That ll work. You watch. It ll be great. We ll have the best market. Companies will become safer and more environmentally conscious because of competition.Or so the free-market capitalists  wet dreams say.Moore really hopes that Trump will climb on board with all of this. After all, Moore just wants to help his candidate  make America great again,  and clearly, this will do it. It s foolproof!Featured image by Alex Wong/Getty Images",0
4726," Trump Belittles Female Veteran, Embarrasses Himself With Totally Wrong Claim (VIDEO)","Donald Trump always believes he s right, no matter what, and even when speaking to a female veteran of the U.S. military he feels the need to be a bully. It happened again Wednesday night at the candidate forum on military issues on board the USS Intrepid.Rachel Fredericks specialized in aviations operations in the Marine Corps. She lost two friends to suicide, and she herself has post-traumatic stress disorder. During the Iraq and Afghanistan Veterans of America Commander-in-Chief Forum Wednesday night, Fredericks asked Trump what he was going to do to stop 20 veterans a day from killing themselves. Actually, it s 22,  Trump replied.  It s almost impossible to conceive that this is happening in our country. But as the Huffington Post reports, Trump got it wrong and Ms. Fredericks was right. The Department of Veterans Affairs issued a report which revised the figures and pointed out that the tragic number of veteran suicides per day is 20.Trump couldn t let someone with far more experience than him on the issue offer her statement without butting in and attempting to override her. That behavior is part of a longstanding pattern on his behalf, a side effect of consistently surrounding himself with a series of  yes  men and women for decades now.It is also an indication of his leadership style, should he ever reach the presidency. Instead of listening to those who know better, or who have more experience, Trump only seems to pay attention to the voice in his head that always makes every issue under the sun about him.Even when the issue has been the conservative movement he now leads, Trump has done the same thing. Commenting on the recent death of anti-feminist activist Phyllis Schlafly, Trump misspelled her name in a tweet and encouraged people to buy the book she had recently written about him.In Trump s mind, he s the only one that matters.Featured image via screen capture",0
4727, Trump Insists His Mexico Trip Was Successful For The Most Absurd Reason Ever,"As we all know, Republican presidential nominee went to Mexico last week in an attempt to look presidential. While on the surface it may have seemed that he succeeded at first, we soon learned that this was not the case. When asked about whether or not he and President Enrique Pena Nieto discussed payment for Trump s infamous border wall, Trump lied, and President Pena Nieta called him on it via Twitter. There s that, and we saw a tale of two Trumps that day, as when the real estate tycoon returned to the United States to do a rally in Arizona, he went right back to his hardline stance with a vengeance   so much so, in fact, that the Republican National Committee dropped plans to praise Trump because the speech was so hateful.Well, to hear Trump tell it, one event eclipses those mishaps to make Trump s trip a roaring success: the fact that one of the organizing officials of the trip from Mexico was just fired. Trump said Wednesday evening during NBC s Commander-in-Chief forum: We ve been badly hurt and if you look at the aftermath today, the people who arranged the trip in Mexico have been forced out of government. That s how well we did, and that s how well we have to do. No, Mr. Trump, this is not an indicator that your trip was a success; quite the opposite, in fact. The official who was forced out of office, Finance Minister Luis Videgaray, left because the Mexican people have witnessed the appalling disrespect Trump has leveled at them throughout his travesty of a presidential campaign, and they did not want him in their country. Videgaray was a main champion of the Trump visit, and therefore it is damage control with the population of that country who are rightfully outraged that sparked this person s removal from office. That is the opposite of success.Then again, it s Trump, and therefore he can t help twisting the facts to make himself look good. So, no surprise there. The trip wasn t a success; in fact, it was clearly anything but.Featured image via by Alex Wong/Getty Images",0
4728, President Obama Nominates FIRST Muslim For A Federal Judgeship,"History is once again being made thanks to President Obama. On Wednesday, Obama nominated Abid Riaz Qureshi to serve as a judge on the U.S. District Court for the District of Columbia, filling the vacancy left by Judge Rosemary Collyer (who took senior status).Qureshi s nomination makes him the first Muslim to be nominated for a federal judgeship and, if confirmed, the first Muslim federal judge in American history.With a commitment to serve the American people with integrity and a steadfast commitment to justice,  as President Obama said, Qureshi is a graduate of Cornell University and Harvard University and currently works at the law firm Latham & Watkins LLP. Qureshi specializes in healthcare fraud and securities violations.Not only is Qureshi a partner at Latham & Watkins (a position he s held since 2006), he is the global chair of the firm s Pro Bono Committee, and serves on the Legal Ethics Committee of the District of Columbia Bar.An accomplished lawyer, who happens to be Muslim, will not get his day in the Senate (should the obstructionist Republicans allow it) and make history.And of course conservatives are going to be furious when they find out that   gasp   Muslims can serve in public office! Fortunately to sanity and justice, the United States Constitution has a No Religious Test clause under Article VI: ;but no religious test shall ever be required as a qualification to any office or public trust under the United States.So say the Founders, who seemed to be very cordial and accepting of Muslims.The United States Constitution has this clause to ward off hateful bigots who think their religion is the only one that matters, and President Obama is taking full advantage of it, and rightfully so. Qureshi isn t qualified because he s a Muslim, he s just a qualified attorney who happens to be Muslim.Here s to hoping history will once again be made, and Republicans will give this man a fair hearing and a speedy up-and-down vote.Featured image via Mark Wilson/Getty Images",0
4729," CNN FINALLY Does Its Job, Hammers Trump With His Illegal Donations (VIDEO)","CNN s Alisyn Camerota did something on Wednesday that s almost unheard of from CNN: She called out Donald Trump on his many, many scandals and in particular, the pay and play scandal involving Trump s bribing of Florida s Republican Attorney General Pam Bondi, who, after receiving a donation from Trump, dropped an investigation into Trump University.This isn t an allegation. Trump paid the donation, and he paid an IRS fine of $2,500 for breaking the law. Still, the media generally only talks about the Clinton Foundation or Clinton emails, both of which have amounted to absolutely nothing.Trump s entire narrative, when it comes to Hillary Clinton, is to paint her as  crooked Hillary,  a moniker that, despite sounding like it comes from a third grade bully who s been held back a few times, is sticking. That nickname is pure projection, though. It s Trump who s crooked and Camerota pointed it out: Congressman,  Camerota said,  don t you think the American public cares about breaking the law? Well, these are technicalities in many cases,  (Rep. Chris Collins R-NY) Collins said,  as he pointed out on the recent Bondi one. He was solicited for a donation, he told his clerk to do it. She wrote it out of the wrong checking account. Source: Raw StoryThen, back to  crooked Hillary,  Collins tried to make the claim that she did it too, which is completely untrue, since while some donors to the Clinton Foundation did ask for meetings, most were told to go through regular channels. With Trump and Bondi, however, it was clear quid pro quo. He gave her money and she dropped the case against him. For that, both parties should be in jail.Camerota pressed on: Let s look back,  she said, pointing out that in 1985, Trump was caught exceeding legal campaign donation limits by funneling funds through 18 subsidiary companies, which is technically legal, but is essentially a corporate version of the crime that sent right-wing provocateur Dinesh D Souza to federal prison.Cameron went on to describe actual illegalities that Trump has been fined for. Isn t this the very definition of payola?  Camerota asked.  Payola is the practice of bribing someone to use their influence to promote your particular interest. How does this differ? Collins kept on with his both sides do it argument until Camerota astutely mentioned the one key difference: what Trump did was illegal. What Clinton did wasn t. Who s the  crooked  candidate again?Here s the interview:GOP Rep. Chris Collins says Clinton  has always been someone with her hand out  for donors https://t.co/dH2DDZP72k pic.twitter.com/YuxTgFpbcm  CNN Politics (@CNNPolitics) September 7, 2016If only we could get the rest of the media, or for what that s worth, the rest of CNN, to do their jobs. If you notice, even the tweet from CNN tried to make Clinton the criminal subject of the interview, not Trump. In other words, don t hold your breath for a better CNN, but Camerota was a breath of fresh air.Featured image via video screen capture. ",0
4730, Hillary Completely Blew Away This Woman Who Receives Terrifying Hate From The Alt-Right,"When Ella Dawson started a blog discussing her trials with genital herpes, along with STI stigma, she expected prudes to come out of the woodwork and snipe at her for putting such a personal topic out for all to see. What she didn t expect was for the dangerous alt-right to find her and make her a target for their sick form of entertainment.When she decided to write about that, she likely also didn t expect to catch the attention of Hillary Clinton, let alone grab it enough to receive a personal letter back.The letter starts with: Thank you for the brave and insightful piece on Medium this week. I am so grateful for you for not only speaking out against the stigma surrounding sexually transmitted infections, but for also taking a courageous stand against the ridiculous, but very real, barrage of hate you have received online. She reiterated that love and kindness are among the central components of her campaign, and that the decline of civil public discourse is one of the more alarming problems in the digital age. Then she dropped this truth bomb: It s going to take all of us, working together, to restore our discourse and that work starts by calling out the bullies, chief among them Donald Trump and the alt-right. Read the whole letter below:Thank you, @HillaryClinton, for reading. I m incredibly moved. To be accurate, I m ugly crying. #ImWithHer pic.twitter.com/kt5tAVWrFX  Ella Dawson (@brosandprose) September 6, 2016The blog post that caught Hillary s attention discusses Dawson s very real and terrible problems with the alt-right. Her broader discussion, though, is about how rape threats, death threats, doxxing, shaming, and more, happen to women all over the Internet because we dare to Internet while female. The sheer gall of us to have an opinion and put it out there   we should, in the eyes of the misogynistic alt-right, stay silent. We bring the harassment on ourselves in their view.What s worse is that some of the people harassing Dawson aren t the typical cretins that inhabit the alt-right. Mike Cernovich, who s a lawyer, but more well-known for his sexist Internet presence, tweeted: Ugly and has herpes. Maybe an SJW male might actually be able to get at these table scraps. (Doubtful). Paul Joseph Watson, an editor-at-large at Alex Jones  InfoWars, recorded a five-minute YouTube video talking about how vile were the women who were tweeting under the hashtag #ShoutYourStatus for STD Awareness Month. He ended it with the typical sexist attack of: I don t think we should be that surprised that feminists are bragging about their STDs. After all, they re so fat and ugly, the mere fact that they re having any kind of sex at all is a massive achievement. Because the women the alt-right considers to be their eye candy all know their places and would never be so hateful towards men as to become a feminist. Sure.The response to that video caused Dawson to lock her Twitter account, lest Breitbart writers, and other misogynistic writers, embed her tweets in their stories, causing an ever-growing cycle of harassment. A man writing about this stuff would never receive this treatment. Ever.That s what Hillary knows, and has dealt with as a strong woman in a position of power for most of her life. Hillary stood up in Reno and read off Breitbart headlines while many other women are afraid to even mention that cesspool of a news site. Dawson has been a Hillary supporter for years, but her admiration for Hillary went through the roof when she witnessed this speech.Dawson ended her post with a thank-you to Hillary for having the guts (yes, it takes guts to stand up to the hate of the alt-right) to call the alt-right out for what it is. Misogyny, racism, white nationalism, white supremacy, anti-Semitism, and all-around hate are what the alt-right is about. That s despite the fact that, according to Dawson, they delusionally bill themselves as: [A] trendy new generation of conservatism, pushing boundaries and buttons in response to political correctness and liberal oversensitivity. Please. That is vile on its face.Bravo to Dawson for continuing to Internet while female, and bravo to Hillary for standing with her. That is what makes a president.Featured image by Justin Sullivan/Getty Images",0
4731, Conservatives Raise Hell Over Obama’s Wedding Ring With Dumbest Conspiracy Ever (SCREENSHOTS),"Those wacky conservatives are at it again with a new, insane attempt to invent an Obama  scandal.  So what did Barack  Barry  Hussein Soetoro Obama Bin Laden do this time? Did he allow someone else to hold his umbrella? Order mustard on something? Put his feet on his own desk? No, what President Obama did this time was far more insidious   he didn t wear his wedding ring during a public appearance, which apparently proves he s a gay Muslim homersexual who married a man (at least, according to our frenemies on the right wing).The American Mirror s Kyle Olson noticed that during Obama s visit to Laos, he appears to not be wearing his wedding ring. Now, you re probably thinking  so f*cking what? I take mine off from time to time.  But this is apparently a big deal. A really f*cking big deal, as far as Olson and his vapid readers are concerned.Noting that  it s not the first time Obama has shed his wedding ring  and that Michelle Obama was not with him on the trip, Olson put the information out there for his ridiculous fanbase so their imaginations could run wild:This perfectly innocent photograph of the President not wearing his ring resurrected long-dead conservative talking points   like that his wedding ring is really a secret Muslim decoder ring that says  Allah is the one true God  in crazy Muslim-y inscriptions only conservatives can read (multiple language scholars have pointed out that the ring s design has no meaning in Arabic).Others saw this as proof that Michelle Obama is a really a man, their marriage is in shambles and teetering on the  D-word,  and Mr. Barry has multiple gay lovers (like all those old men he used to bang for cocaine, don tchaknow). Others speculated that he was having a romp playing with Laotian  ladyboys  while he was down there.        Surely we can expect the ridiculous conspiracy theories surrounding Ringhazi to continue. While you re busy laughing at the stupidity of the segment of our society with nothing better to do than invent insane conspiracy theories about our President, be sure to remember that these vapid numbskulls will be voting in November. Make sure you re there, too.Featured image via screengrab",0
4732, Privileged Trump Supporter Cries ‘Discrimination’ When Bakery Won’t Make ‘Trump 2016’ Cake (VIDEO),"Most of us know that Donald Trump s fanbase is made up of some of the most privileged members of American society. A good majority of Trump supporters are straight white men (and some women) who have never been faced with a true obstacle or discrimination a day in their life. But if you ask them, they d likely only complain about how oppressed they are   and this recent incident between a bakery and a Trump supporter is a perfect example.This week, 17-year-old Trump supporter McKenzie Gill went to get a birthday cake made up at her local Albertsons. To prove just how much of a die-hard fan she was of the business mogul, she wanted her cake to read  Trump 2016   a celebration of both her 18th birthday and the mark of her first vote in America s election process.However, things didn t exactly go according to plan. When Gill went to order the cake, the woman behind the counter refused to put  Trump 2016  on it. She said she could put an American flag design on the cake, but definitely not the words  Trump 2016.  In response, Gill took after her yellow-haired role model and threw a temper tantrum on social media. In a Facebook post, she wrote: The woman behind the cake counter just refused to make me a birthday cake because I wanted  Trump 2016  on it. Did that really just happen? FacebookGill got her cake made up elsewhere and made a formal complaint to Albertsons about being refused. Albertsons apologized and said that the women who d refused to write  Trump 2016  on the cake had misunderstood the store s policy to not use copyrighted phrases in its designs. In an interview, Gill said: It s your job, we re not really going for your opinion on what you think of the candidates we were just wanting  Trump 2016  on the cake. You can check out the interview with Gill below, courtesy of KSLA:Featured image is a screenshot",0
4733, Watch Trump Campaign Try To Spin Their Way Out Of ‘I Love War’ Comment (VIDEO),"A new ad by the Hillary Clinton SuperPac Priorities USA was released on Tuesday. It s perhaps the most frightening of all because it directly quotes Trump saying,  I love war,  and specifically, he loves nuclear war.Here s the ad:FactCheck did their due diligence with the ad and the biggest complaint they could find is that the direct quotes from Trump came from two different times. Still, here are his entire quotes:Trump, Nov. 12, 2015: This is the Trump theory on war. But I m good at war. I ve had a lot of wars of my own. I m really good at war. I love war, in a certain way, but only when we win.And then the second half, a few months later he talked about nukes:Trump: It s not like, gee whiz, nobody has them.So, North Korea has nukes. Japan has a problem with that. I mean, they have a big problem with that. Maybe they would in fact be better off if they defend themselves from North Korea.Wallace: With nukes?Trump: Maybe they would be better off   including with nukes, yes, including with nukes.So, now that we ve confirmed that yes, Trump does love war, how is his campaign going to spin that?Trump campaign manager Kellyanne Conway appeared on Good Morning America on Wednesday and it was clear she was out of her league, even though most of the questions weren t that hard hitting.At first, she deflected:Conway responded that what is actually  irresponsible  is  taking little, cherry-picking little snippets of what he said and not giving the full context of the sentence let alone the speech. This woman was secretary of state for four years. And I think the reason she s struggling in the polls part is because aren t really fond of that record and she will be held account for that record,  Conway said, ripping into Clinton over her recent polling troubles.  She s actually been in control of many aspects of our national security and our troops and our defense and I think that given all of her advantages, including her super PAC including her campaign hang spent over $200 million most in paid advertising one wonders why is she not at 50, 60 percent in the polls. Why isn t she at 60, 65 percent among women? Hillary Clinton has a Hillary Clinton problem. Source: PoliticoWhen pressed further, she still had no explanation: I d have to see the entire snippet there but obviously many commanders in chief have made the very difficult decision to go to war,  Conway responded.  You have Hillary Clinton as secretary of state calling a Russia reset that didn t work, she was wrong on Libya, she was wrong on Syria, she was certainly wrong on Benghazi and I think they ll both be held to account for that. Here s her spin: ABC Breaking News | Latest News VideosThe fact is that Trump does love war and he has no concept whatsoever of the ramifications of his actions. In a national security briefing, Trump asked three times why we can t use nuclear weapons. If you aren t frightened by Trump s racism, sexism or xenophobia, please be frightened by the fact that he has complete disregard for the damage war, and in particular, nuclear weapons, can inflict. Be frightened over his dangerous stupidity.Featured image via Alex Wong/Getty Images.",0
4734, WATCH: Morning Joe Knows Trump Bribed Pam Bondi Because He Brags About Buying Politicians,"The Morning Joe panel just NAILED Donald Trump to the wall.The Republican nominee and Florida Attorney General Pam Bondi have denied that that there was any pay-to-play going on between them when he made a sizable donation to her before she killed the case the Trump University in her state.Trump donated $25,000 to Bondi via his  charity,  which is illegal and resulted in a $2,500 fine from the IRS. Bondi dropped the case. And then Trump held a discounted fundraiser for her at his Mar-a-Lago resort.Definitely sounds fishy, doesn t it? That s especially true when you consider that Trump has bragged about paying politicians to do his bidding.And the Morning Joe crew had absolutely no problem talking about that history of foot-in-mouth disease on Wednesday. Trump has said in the past that he gave money to politicians for favors,  Mark Halperin said before calling on Trump and Bondi to release any and all documents pertaining to the donation to prove there was no quid pro quo. To put this to rest, he should put out all of the documentation from his office. How did this contribution come to be made? Where s the paperwork? Where are the emails? Where are the memos that say,  Hey, let s, right now, give Pam Bondi some money. By the way improperly through our charity.  And, Pam Bondi s office should put out all the internal emails from her office that talk about the decision not to make him part of the litigation. Maybe there s not any connection, but the onus is on them now. It s a strange bit of timing, because, again, Trump has bragged,  Halperin continued.  This is what he did. He gave money to politicians in order to control his decisions to get favorable results. And he said that s how he succeeded. Mika Brzezinski then jumped in and noted that the timeline is incredibly suspicious before confirming Halperin s remarks about Trump having a history of paying lawmakers for favors. You can see a timeline and a direct result of the money,  Brzezinski said. Which is what he says he does with money, he buys people off. He makes deals. And he got a deal to not be investigated in an area where he has a real weak spot and that s Trump University. I ve never seen a campaign and a family get more defensive than when you bring up Trump University because they have a weak spot there. Mika went on to say that it is a weak spot because there are so many people who have been scammed by Trump University.Here s the video via Twitter.Trump denies political motives behind FL Atty. Gen. donation  @morningmika: Trump University is  a real weak spot  https://t.co/MNmesaiHXX  Morning Joe (@Morning_Joe) September 7, 2016But that s not all.Later on in the show Brzezinski actually laid out the timeline of Trump s donation and Bondi s subsequent dropping of the case against Trump University.Brzezinski noted that as bad of some of the accusations against Hillary look, there are no connection  dot to dot  like there are on this Trump scandal. The 2013 donation by the Donald J. Trump Foundation was made four days after it was announced that Bondi said she was considering joining New York State s investigation into Trump University,  she reported.The panel went on to explain that this is why Donald Trump should be forced to hand over his tax returns because they would show all of Trump s shady financial dealings over the years.Here s the video via YouTube.It s time for the IRS to end the audit of Trump s tax returns so that he no longer has that silly excuse to use. But Trump s pay-to-play scandal with Pam Bondi proves that he is untrustworthy and will likely use the government to help himself if he should become president. This kind of corruption should concern all voters, which makes it all the more amazing that Trump isn t losing by a wider margin. Apparently, conservatives like their presidents corrupt and ignorant.Featured image via screen capture",0
4735, Mural Of Gov. LePage Wearing KKK Garb Has Maine City In Uproar (IMAGE),"The city of Portland, Maine has been thrown into pandemonium after a mural of the state s bigoted governor decked out in full Ku Klux Klan regalia appeared.The original graffiti art was painted onto the wall of the Portland Water District s wastewater treatment plant and featured Maine Gov. Paul LePage donning the trademark hood and robe of the KKK. Given the slew of racist remarks that he spews almost continuously, the image is fairly fitting. Next to the 6-foot-high likeness of LePage are the words racist,   homophobe  and  moron.   Governor,  the last word listed, is crossed out with a red line.City won t remove graffiti of ""racist"" Maine Gov. LePage wearing KKK hood https://t.co/9KkhiUSVPp pic.twitter.com/PNvIaJhiob  Talking Points Memo (@TPM) September 6, 2016The wall art sparked a string of graffiti and the image has since undergone several transformations. Portland resident Mark Reilly painted over the image with white paint, then a group of women scrubbed off his cover-up. By 10pm on Tuesday, the image had been reduced to just LePage s face with Mickey Mouse ears above his head. All references to the KKK were gone and the mural now reads only No Hate  and  Hate is Hate. As for city officials, they have been in turmoil over what should be down about the graffiti as well. Portland Mayor Ethan Strimling wanted the image removed. I do not want it up there. It is not reflective of our values,  Strimling said Tuesday.  The KKK has a long, problematic history in the state of Maine, and equating the governor and his rhetoric, as much as we disagree with it, is a step too far. The wall belongs to the Portland Water District and they have not removed graffiti from the wall in decades and has been treated as a public canvas. City officials initially said that they had no intention of removing the image, citing free speech. But later in the day, water district spokeswoman Michelle Clements said that the city and the district s general manager were discussing what should be done about the mural.Strimling, who has been known to be at odds with the Republican governor, clarified on Tuesday that his reasoning for suggesting that the mural should be removed had nothing to do with concern for LePage. I am as frustrated as the next person with the governor s rhetoric,  he said.  It is not appropriate to trivialize the KKK. LePage has a bad habit of letting his racism hang out for the world to see on a regular basis. He made headlines a few months ago when said black guys named  shifty  are coming into his state to sell drugs and impregnate young white girls. More recently, he said that he is at  war  and declared black people to be the enemy. A few days later, when he heard a rumor that a colleague had called him a racist, he decided to leave a ranting voicemail calling him a  cocksucker.  He has since promised that he will never talk to the media again so that they are less likely to catch him saying racist things.Featured image via WCVB",0
4736, Pro-Clinton Group Launches Devastating Nuclear War Ad Against Trump,"In what s being compared to the infamous  Daisy  commercial from the 1964 election, a pro-Clinton group released a devastating new ad targeting Donald Trump and his love for war and nuclear destruction.Priorities America, which has been supporting Democratic nominee Hillary Clinton and other down ballot Democrats, released the ad earlier this month, and will pour more than $5 million into broadcasting the ad on Friday in six key battleground states: Florida, Ohio, North Carolina, New Hampshire, Nevada and Iowa.Painting Trump as a temperamental, impulsive hawk has been a cornerstone in the Clinton defense strategy, and this ad, though not affiliated with her campaign, seeks to solidify that. Earlier in the summer, the Clinton campaign began running ads showcasing Trump s impulsive and dangerous rhetoric, saying that one wrong move could be the difference between peace and World War III.This ad, however, is different. Like the 1964  Daisy  ad, this one showcased the infamous mushroom cloud explosion and its destructive consequences. Appropriately titled  I Love War,  the crux of the ad stems from Trump s comment made back in November during the Republican primary. While speaking to a crowd in Fort Dodge, Iowa, Trump reassured his hawkish and loyal followers that he loved and was  good  at war: I m good at war. I ve had a lot of wars of my own. I m really good at war. I love war in a certain way, but only when we win. Also shown was Trump s affinity for nuclear devastation, in which he told CNN,  Nuclear, just the power, the devastation, is very important to me. So Priorities America laid it out: we have a candidate who loves war, and is very good at it. So when the mushroom cloud strikes, don t be surprised.Of course the Trump campaign responded, and pathetically tried to put his  I love war  quote into context, but ended up using the opportunity to blast the media and Hillary Clinton s poll numbers (which are better than Trump s, might I add) and, surprise, brought up Benghazi. So they actually didn t clarify what he meant, rather they deflected by pointing the finger at Hillary and avoiding the problem altogether.Typical Trump campaign.Watch the brutal ad here: Featured image via Alex Wong/Getty Images",0
4737, Dallas Morning News Endorses Hillary Clinton – The First Democrat In 75 Years,"Something big happened in Texas, and Hillary Clinton is going to love it.The Dallas Morning News, a highly conservative publication that has always supported Republicans, made the shocking announcement they would not be endorsing Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump, and instead threw their support behind Democratic candidate Hillary Clinton.Here s why that s a big deal.The paper, which made its endorsement Wednesday morning, wrote that the decision was not easily reached, but acknowledged the significance:This newspaper has not recommended a Democrat for the nation s highest office since before World War II   if you re counting, that s more than 75 years and nearly 20 elections. The party s over-reliance on government and regulation to remedy the country s ills is at odds with our belief in private-sector ingenuity and innovation. Our values are more about individual liberty, free markets and a strong national defense.We ve been critical of Clinton s handling of certain issues in the past. But unlike Donald Trump, Hillary Clinton has experience in actual governance, a record of service and a willingness to delve into real policy.The only other time the News neglected to endorse a Republican was in 1964 when Barry Goldwater ran   although they did not endorse Lyndon B. Johnson.While the News was not head over heels for Clinton, chiding her for her  dodgy  nature and  her willingness to shade the truth,  the conclusion was made that her bipartisan approach to governing offered a stark contrast to Trump s campaign of  exploiting base instincts of xenophobia, racism and misogyny. Flying in the face of typical conservative speak, the News also shot down the ridiculous alt-right conspiracy theories that she is treasonous and a murderer. Avoiding the unnecessary gobbledygook that comes with Republican talking points (they referred to these people as  political hyenas ), the News finished with a straightforward appeal to its readers:After nearly four decades in the public spotlight, 25 of them on the national stage, Clinton is a known quantity. For all her warts, she is the candidate more likely to keep our nation safe, to protect American ideals and to work across the aisle to uphold the vital domestic institutions that rely on a competent, experienced president.Hillary Clinton has spent years in the trenches doing the hard work needed to prepare herself to lead our nation. In this race, at this time, she deserves your vote.And just like that, a Republican newspaper that never dared to endorse a Democrat has endorsed arguably the most famous Democratic feminist this country has ever seen. Of course the readers were upset with the News, calling the editorial board  sellouts,   pathetic,   shameful,  etc. Some even accused DNC operatives of coercing or bribing the board to endorse Clinton.When Republicans feel threatened, they pounce. And the irony is so rich   the same  political hyenas  the News espoused as crazy conspiracy theorists are now flocking to their website, accusing them of being DNC or Clinton plants.You ve got to love what the Republicans have turned into. No wonder the News endorsed Clinton. And the timing is great. A recent Washington Post/SurveryMonkey poll has Clinton winning Texas by 1 point over Donald Trump.While not a Hillary Clinton love fest, the paper did show amazing courage in standing up for what is right, putting country before politics.Featured image via Mark Makela/Getty Images",0
4738, Mark Cuban RIPS Fox Host For Judging Clinton Speaking Fees – Reagan Was Paid MORE (VIDEO),"Billionaire Mark Cuban had previously been rooting for Donald Trump, but made the switch over to Democratic nominee Hillary Clinton with a powerful public endorsement several weeks ago after wisely deciding that Trump was batsh*t crazy. Since then, he has fiercely defended the Clintons and he continued to do so on Monday, when Fox News  Neil Cavuto complained about Hillary s email  scandal  and the fees former President Bill Clinton charges for speaking events.Cavuto brought up the fact that Bill Clinton had gotten $250,000 for a speech and Cuban wasted no time in dismantling his criticism. Cuban completely ripped Cavuto apart as he educated the Fox Business News host about what ex-presidents actually make for speaking, and threw in some conservative shame when he mentioned Reagan: Look. You have to ask yourself what s the market for a former president giving a speech, right? So first of all, Ronald Reagan was paid more than a million dollars for speeches in 1989. He went to Japan and gave two speeches. Second of all, Bill Clinton made, I think it was $250K give or take, for a lot of speeches. I ve made $250K for a bunch of speeches. For the most part, he gets paid a little more than I do, but the point is he was right inside the market. He wasn t getting paid more or less than the market. But Cavuto wasn t ready to give up slamming the Clintons that quickly. He made the foolish decision to continue bashing Clinton, whining that the money had gone to the Clinton Foundation in a  pay for play  scheme. Cuban was ready to handle those accusations as well. He shut it down: In order to determine if there is any quid pro quo, there s got to be some money destined for the trade-off. Cavuto tried to say it looked suspicious, but Cuban countered,  they ve been investigated more than anybody. You can watch Cuban viciously defend the Clintons below, with the bit about Bill Clinton starting at 6:20:Featured image via Paul Zimmerman / Getty Images",0
4739, General DESTROYS Trump For Insulting The Military (VIDEO),"A retired general has had enough of Donald Trump denigrating the men and women of the U.S. military currently engaged in the fight against ISIS and other terrorist elements. In an appearance on CNN, retired Army Lt. Gen. Mark Hertling blasted Trump for his recent claim that simply asking generals to come up with a plan to defeat ISIS would lead to the terrorist group s end in a neat and tidy thirty-day period.The former commanding general decried Trump, calling his orders  simplistic  and insulting to individuals working to defeat ISIS. It shows a complete lack of understanding of the threat and the ways to fight it,  Hertling said.  It s a sophomoric approach to elements of national security policy because if he s just calling in the military, he s missing the point that there are several other elements of national security that will help defeat ISIS. Trump has been all over the map on ISIS, as he has been on hundreds of other issues. The former reality TV star has claimed that ISIS is on the march (it is in retreat) and that he has a plan to defeat ISIS (which he is keeping secret). Trump has also claimed that he knows more than all the generals on how to win the war on terrorism.In reality, Trump s reckless comments have proven to be the right kind of material for ISIS leaders attempting to recruit new members. Compared to the measured tones offered by President Obama and Secretary Hillary Clinton, Trump s rhetoric attacking Islam often sounds like the clash of civilizations the radical Muslim world wants so badly.Daily, American military assets are fighting against ISIS elements, most notably American fighter jets that have been bombing ISIS targets in multiple countries for years now, in addition to work via intelligence agencies with governments fighting the ISIS threat. To minimize their work as Trump does is a clear insult.Featured image via screen capture",0
4740, Trump Threw Mar-A-Lago Fundraiser For Woman At The Center Of Bribery Scandal,"Just a few days after she made the decision to let an investigation of Donald Trump s Trump University slide, the former reality TV star held a fundraiser for Florida attorney general Pam Bondi at his palatial Mar-A-Lago compound.News of the cash-fueled party comes as Trump faces renewed criticism after being fined by the IRS after it came to light that the Trump Foundation illegally funneled money into Bondi s re-election campaign.In March 2014, Donald Trump opened his 126-room Palm Beach resort, Mar-a-Lago, for a $3,000-per-person fundraiser for Pam Bondi. The Florida attorney general, who was facing a tough re-election campaign, had recently decided not to investigate Trump University.Trump did not write a check to the attorney general that night. The previous fall, his personal foundation had given $25,000 to a pro-Bondi PAC. But by hosting her fundraiser at Mar-a-Lago and bringing in some of his own star power, Trump provided Bondi s campaign with a nice financial boost.The Huffington Post also reports that while Trump has billed the RNC $140,000 per event to use his mansion, he only charged the Republican Party of Florida $4,855.65. That means that Trump stands to make a windfall simply by controlling the flow of campaign donor money to his own enterprises.News of the interlocking relationship between Trump and Bondi (she has done campaign rallies for him) underscores how the national media has ignored or played down actual stories of Trump and his involvement with corruption. Instead they have banged the drums on the Clinton Foundation, making allegations of wrong-doing based on the potential and  optics  of the far-reaching charity the Clintons put in place.Trump is also implicated in similar behavior in Texas. The attorney general there dropped looking into Trump University a little after he gave him a financial donation.Featured image via Flickr",0
4741, Ann Coulter Goes Full Bigot – Calls Khizr Khan A ‘Snarling Muslim’ In Televised Rant (VIDEO),"Conservative commentator and devout Trump lover Ann Coulter let her bigotry all hang out on Monday when she attacked Khizr Khan, the father of a slain American soldier, calling him a  snarling Muslim. During an appearance on Sky News Australia s The Bolt Report, Coulter attacked the father of Humayun Khan, who gave his life fighting for the United States in Iraq. His heroism saved the lives of the men serving by his side.But conservatives like Coulter could care less and have sought to crucify the grieving father ever since his speech at the Democratic National Convention. During his fiery DNC speech, Khan blasted Donald Trump for  the blackness of his character.  He then asked if the GOP nominee if he had ever even bothered to read the Constitution and offered to lend the bigoted billionaire his copy.Australian commentator Andrew Bolt, host of the show, told Coulter that he thought it was wrong for anyone, including Donald Trump, to viciously go after the parents of a  soldier who died in battle.  At this point, Coulter complained about the  media s endless attack on Trump  and then went full-on bigot, calling Khizr Khan a  snarling Muslim. I don t know America very well if they want to listen to a snarling Muslim lecture them and tell us we re not allowed to have opinions on important public policy issues unless we had a son die in Iraq,  she said.Watch Ann Coulter flaunt her bigotry here:.@AnnCoulter says Americans don't want a 'snarling Muslim' to lecture them. On #TheBoltReport @SkyNewsAust https://t.co/EdLxjScOOS  The Bolt Report (@theboltreport) September 5, 2016Featured image via video screen capture",0
4742, Disabled Americans Fight Back After Being Stripped Of Their Right To Vote (AUDIO),"Throughout America, tens of thousands of people who live with disabilities have been stripped of their right to vote, usually because someone has been awarded guardianship. But now, some disabled Americans are fighting back and demanding that their voting rights be restored.In 2011, California resident David Rector suffered a traumatic brain injury and was left unable to walk or talk. His fiance, Rosalind Alexander-Kasparik was appointed as his conservator, which under state law meant Rector also lost his right to vote.Now, Rector has filed a request with the Superior Court in San Diego to have his voting rights restored. Alexander-Kasparik said that despite his disability, Rector is fully capable of expressing his wishes to a court clerk. Outside of the courthouse, she told supporters that he had been able to communicate his desire to vote while speaking to the judge. He did manage to say through his electronic voice on his eye-tracking device,  I, David Rector, want my voting rights restored, immediately,'  Alexander-Kasparik said.The importance of this cannot be overstated since California law requires that people with disabilities express their desire to vote before they are granted the right to do so.Rector, who was a producer for NPR, is one of at least 30,000 people in California who have been stripped of their right to vote because they have a disability. Nationally, the number of people who have lost their voting rights under state guardianship laws is not even known.David Rector and Rosalind Alexander-Kasparik. Image via The Root.Jennifer Mathis, director of policy and legal advocacy at the Judge David L. Bazelon Center for Mental Health Law in Washington DC, explained the problem with the current systems that are in place. The problem with those laws is that a determination of guardianship or competence really has nothing to do with someone s ability to vote. They have to do with someone s ability to ensure their basic health and safety needs,  she said.Mathis added that just because a person isn t able to do one thing, that doesn t necessarily mean that they can t do another. However, that isn t a distinction that courts across the country tend to consider. Only eleven states do not automatically strip a disabled person of their voting rights when someone is awarded guardianship. But each state has different laws on the issue. Some automatically revoke a person s right to vote when someone is awarded guardianship.Other states make people with disabilities prove that they want to vote. According to Mathis, this amounts to disabled people being held to a higher standard and violates the Voting Rights Act. Those people end up having to answer questions like: Who s the governor? Who s the president? Who s the mayor? Why do you want to vote? How would you vote on a particular issue? And those are exactly the type of questions we never would impose on voters without disabilities,  she said.Mathis noted that a lot of times, people are not even aware that their rights have been stripped because of the complicated nature of the guardianship process.Last year, Californa softened its law, allowing for rights to be restored if a person expressed a desire to vote. Republican State Senator Jeff Stone oppposed the measure and argued that  desire  does not necessarily equal  competency. I think this bill is equating desire to vote with the competency to vote. A conservatee may want to drive a car, but may not be competent or able to drive a car and get a license is a perfect example,  Stone said.On Aug. 29, the judge in Rector s case decided that she wasn t yet convinced that he really wants his right to vote back, despite the fact that he stood in her courtroom and told her point blank to her face that he did.Alexander-Kasparik said she s hopeful Rector will win his case but said she is still disappointed that he will have to wait even longer. That hurts. I think that hurts David. I know it hurt me. It hurt me for David,  she said.  And it hurt me for, you know, all those people out.. As she spoke, Rector let out a loud moan. That s David s response. Did you hear it?  she asked.Alexander-Kasparik said that Rector is better informed than most voters and follows the news closely. Like the rest of us paying attention the current state of politics in America, Rector is eager to vote in November so his voice can be heard. Whether or not they can convince a judge of that remains to be seen, though.Listen to more here, via NPR:Featured image via NPR",0
4743, Hillary’s Hires Show Clear Progressive Influence From The Warren Wing Of The Democratic Party,"Elizabeth Warren wants a say in who Hillary Clinton hires to be part of her administration s transition team. In fact, Warren made a list of names she absolutely will not accept and Clinton seems to be receptive.According to Politico, Warren has vowed to fight any political appointments or nominees with ties to big banks. She also wants to shut down the government-to-corporate revolving door.The liberal wing s early jockeying is already paying off. POLITICO reported this week that Rohit Chopra, who was hired by Warren at the CFPB, is joining Clinton s transition team. And Heather Boushey, popular among progressives because of her focus on income inequality, was recently chosen as the team s chief economist. Liberals applauded both hires as a sign Clinton is taking them seriously.What is more, the Democratic Party platform embraced the senator s position that only officials  who are not beholden to the industries they regulate  should get appointments.One of the biggest complaints about Hillary Clinton is exactly the same complaint many had about her husband as president: she s a political being and yes, she does sometimes base her actions on the polls. The cynical call this type of politicking  pandering,  but there are many who call it democratic. Or, to put it another way, after more than 30 years of the country taking a big swing to the right, we re seeing the pendulum swing back to the left. Clinton has read the writing on the wall thanks to Warren, and well, she can t afford to be center-right.Warren and other progressives are holding Clinton to her more populist promises through the think tank, the Roosevelt Institute, whose mission is to fight income inequality and corporate control. Felicia Wong, who heads the Roosevelt Institute, is in pretty much constant contact with Clinton s team.The goal, (Progressive Change Campaign Committee co-founder Adam) Green said, is to have more people associated with Warren and Stiglitz represented in positions throughout the government,  and not just Robert Rubin clones.  Rubin, who once co-chaired Goldman Sachs and was a top executive at Citigroup, was a Treasury secretary under Bill Clinton, where he pushed for market deregulation and deficit reduction.If Clinton wins, her administration will likely be hounded by progressive watch dogs, and that s exactly what she needs. Progressives are a large voting bloc, and if we let ourselves, we can also become a powerful one, even with a nominee who s not Bernie Sanders.Featured image via Jessica Kourkounis/Getty Images.",0
4744, 2016 Campaign Coverage WRECKS ‘Liberal Media Bias’ Myth,"If there is one thing the 2016 election has shown, it s that there is no such thing as a liberal media bias. From free air time for Donald Trump to ridiculous, over sensationalized bad press for Hillary Clinton, the media conglomerates have shown there is a preferred candidate, and it certainly isn t the liberal one.Not only has broadcast media shown itself to be completely inept and biased in favor of Donald Trump, but print and digital media, which younger voters rely on more heavily than anyone else, has shown its true colors as well. It is not liberal, but it does have a bias, and it certainly isn t in favor of Hillary Clinton.It all stems from when the Associated Press released shock waves through the political establishment when it  reported  on the Clinton Foundation s alleged pay-for-play, hinting that Hillary Clinton used her power as Secretary of State to give preferential, special treatment to donors and heads of state involved with her family foundation. Similarly, the New York Times and Boston Globe picked up the story with eerily similar tones, calling on the Clinton Foundation to be shutdown, Clinton herself investigated, and castes doubts on her ability to be  ethical. Not surprisingly, Republicans pounced on the story. But even liberal hacks like Vice s Michael Tracey and IBT s David Sirota, who are openly to the left of Mrs. Clinton s political leanings, were calling for the secretary s head on a silver platter. Once again, the seeds of distrust among liberals were sown.Well, then the truth came out and it turns out the AP botched the story. As pointed out by AMERICAblog News editor John Aravosis the AP incorrectly reported that half of those who met with Clinton as cabinet secretary gave money to the Clinton Foundation. The Associated Press gave the number as 85 out of 154 people.It doesn t take a genius to see the one glaring giveaway: does anyone really think that Clinton, who was secretary of state for four years and had the record travel mileage and country visitation, met with only 154 people during her tenure? The fact is this: Clinton met, personally, with over 1,700 people as secretary of state, of which then only 85 were foundation donors, which equals a measly 5 percent.Aravosis also points out that the AP blew their  smoking gun  claim when referring to Muhammed Yunus, a major donor of the Clinton Foundation who was able to meet with Secretary Clinton herself. Considering Yunus has won an Nobel Peace Prize for his tireless efforts to reduce global poverty, and banking empowerment for poor people, it would seem almost normal for him to meet with Clinton (who made global poverty alleviation a staple in her smart diplomacy agenda at the State Department).My God, Hillary Clinton, whose job it is to work with other countries to tackle global issues (which includes alleviating poverty) met with a world renowned philanthropist who happened to give to her foundation (which also works to alleviate poverty)? Unheard of!Optics has apparently taken over true investigative journalism.So even with these shoddy examples provided by the Associated Press, that didn t stop the other  liberal  outlets like the New York Times from telling Clinton to sever ties with her foundation, and Boston Globe from calling on the foundation to be shutdown outright.And while all this was going on, it was actually discovered that only one candidate running for President of the United States was found to have engaged in an actual pay-for-play scheme with their foundation: Donald Trump.According to reports, Donald Trump s foundation illegally bribed Florida Attorney General Pam Bondi with $25,000 to drop a lawsuit pertaining to Trump University. The IRS fined the Trump foundation $2,500 for the act.Yet can anyone recall hearing about it? Which was blasted more all over the news? The  alleged  pay-for-play from Clinton that is not based on evidence, or the one where the IRS fined Trump for actually engaging in pay-for-play?Did the New York Times call on Trump to shutdown his foundation? Did the Boston Globe call on Trump to sever ties with it? Did anyone, from CNN to Fox News cast any doubt on Trump s unethical (and illegal) behavior of bribing an elected official?No, they did not. Even though the evidence is concrete, mainstream media will still use the word  allegedly  when pertaining to Trump, but will continue to call on Clinton to be investigated even with no evidence.And with that, the New York Times, Associated Press, Boston Globe, and other media elites should apologize to Clinton, denounce Trump, and move on unless any new evidence contradicts Clinton s claims (so far, nothing has).Featured image via Justin Sullivan/Getty Images",0
4745, New Poll Leaves Trump Camp Terrified As Even TEXAS Leans Hillary,"A new poll released from the Washington Post and SurveyMonkey has people scratching their heads. For the first time in four months, Donald Trump is leading Hillary Clinton, 46 to 44 percent, while simultaneously losing all swing states and the red states of Texas and Arizona.The poll, which was done from August 9 to September 1, and had close to 75,000 respondents, shows Trump losing Wisconsin, Florida, Colorado, Michigan and Arizona by two points to Clinton, with all of them being within 2 points of each other, 46-44 percent. Texas, the reddest of all red states in the union, was nabbed by Clinton with 1 point over Trump.How is that? People really, really hate Donald Trump:A comparison of the current survey with the 2008 Texas exit poll (there was no exit poll there in 2012) points to reasons the race appears close right now. Trump is performing worse than 2008 GOP nominee John McCain among both whites and Hispanics, while Clinton is doing slightly better than Obama.So in a national poll, Clinton is losing overall. But in all the states that matter (swing) and states never thought possible (Texas), she s winning.Although Trump is leading, the Post (which says the poll actually shows why Clinton has a clear advantage over Trump) has Clinton solidifying 244 electoral votes to Trump s 126 with 168 being tossups. Of those tossups, which includes 10 states, Clinton leads in six, ties with Trump in two, and Trump leads in two.While Trump supporters may be giddy and Clinton supporters worried, the Post actually contends that Trump is the one who should be worried:Overall, the results reflect Trump s strategy of maximizing support in older, whiter Midwestern states where his anti-free-trade message and appeals to national identity generally find more fertile ground. But his struggles elsewhere, including places that have long supported Republicans, illustrate the challenges of that strategy in more diverse states where his stances on immigration and some other positions have turned off Democrats, independents and many Republicans.>To win the election, Trump must quickly consolidate the Republican vote. With prominent Republicans declaring they will not support Trump and some even announcing they will back Clinton, this represents a major challenge for the GOP nominee. In the Post-SurveyMonkey poll, Clinton is winning 90 percent or more of the Democratic vote in 32 states, while Trump is at or above that level in just 13.It s not Hispanic, Latino, Black, or even female voters that are hurting Trump s chances   it s Republicans. The Obama coalition, which delivered two victories to President Obama in 2008 and 2012, have coalesced around Clinton in larger numbers. But now this election has offered something unique: Republicans are starting to come around to Clinton.With Trump losing the traditional coalition and now with Republicans, chances of him overtaking her are slim.Featured image via Justin Sullivan/Getty Images",0
4746, WATCH: Tamron Hall Tears Top Trump Adviser Apart Piece By Piece,"One of Donald Trump s top advisers repeatedly tried to change the subject during an interview on MSNBC on Monday but Tamron Hall was having none of it.From the Republican nominee s refusal to release his taxes to his illegal donation to Pam Bondi to his immigration policy, Hall grilled A.J. Delgado until she was burned to a crisp.Delgado bragged about 88 retired military veterans endorsing her boss and claimed that it s because Trump is constantly fundraising and donating money to veteran s organizations. Delgado also claimed that Hillary Clinton doesn t have a record of helping veterans.As usual, Trump is slandering Hillary Clinton by lying about what she has done.According to Correct The Record, Hillary Clinton worked tirelessly in the Senate to pass legislation aimed at helping veterans.She introduced the Heroes At Home Act of 2006 and 2007 to help  families care for veterans with traumatic brain injuries or post-traumatic stress disorder. She fought to  increase the survivor benefits for military families from $12,000 to $100,000. In addition, she helped author a new G.I. Bill of Rights and fought to expand retirement and disability as well as family medical leave for veterans as well.Hall pointed out that Trump, on the other hand, hasn t really proved that he donates a lot to veteran s groups because he refuses to release his tax returns.Delgado once again dragged out the tired old excuse that Trump can t release his taxes because he is being audited, but Hall immediately called bullshit. Yes, you can,  Hall said.  There s nothing that prevents you. Delgado, who is supposed a lawyer, argued with Hall by repeatedly saying that he can t until she finally conceded that legally he can release his taxes. But then she tried to make the discussion about Hillary Clinton s health. Why is it you want them released?  Delgado asked.  I think the bigger issue is Hillary Clinton s medical records. Unperturbed, Hall made it clear why American voters have the right to see his taxes. We don t know where he s invested his money. There was a New York Times report about ties to Chinese banks, potential investments in Russia. We need to know more about this presidential candidate. Why not release that information? Frankly, it s time for the IRS to speed up and finish their damn audit so that Trump can no longer use it as an excuse.Hall moved on to slamming Trump for whining about Hillary s ties to foreign leaders and claiming that she ran a  pay-to-play  as Secretary of State. But Hall pointed out that Trump is involved in a real pay-to-play  scandal right now because Florida Attorney General Pam Bondi dropped an investigation into Trump University shortly before Trump donated to her campaign. It sounds like a situation of pay-for-play,  Hall said, prompting yet more whining from Delgado and yet another attempt to pivot to Hillary Clinton. Pam Bondi asked for that donation before she even knew that some complaints had come into her office, hundreds of complaints,  Delgado said, which brings up another question. Why would Bondi kill an investigation even though there were complaints flowing into her office against Trump University? It definitely sounds like Bondi was paid off to drop it.Hall pointed out that if Hillary had donated to Bondi and had a case against her magically dropped that Trump would lose his shit over it. He would say that there s no way Hillary Clinton had this conversation and that this lawsuit did not come up,  Hall said.  Remember all the suspicions regarding [Attorney General Loretta Lynch] and Bill Clinton on the plane? Donald Trump would not accept that as answer. Delgado then tried to portray the IRS fine against Trump for his $25,000 donation as resulting from a  clerical error.  Hall knew that Delgado would keep trying to pivot back to attacking Hillary Clinton and she quickly shut her down. I fully realize that you ve come locked and loaded but what we re going to do is we re going to talk about what your candidate is now saying on the campaign trail 62 days out,  Hall said before playing a clip of Trump flip-flopping on his immigration message.Once again, Delgado was reduced to desperately trying to pivot to Hillary Clinton instead of answering for her boss  clear flip-flop.Here s the video via YouTube.And once again, Tamron Hall proves that she will not take any bullshit from Trump s campaign.Featured image via screenshot",0
4747, President Obama Warns Putin: Don’t Hack Our Elections,"Recently, intelligence agencies, including the FBI, have found evidence linking Russian state-sponsored hackers as the culprits in multiple breaches of Democratic institutions and state election systems. In what is being seen as tilt-the-election in favor of Republican nominee Donald Trump (due to Democrats being the victim in all the cyber-intrusions), President Obama issued a strong warning to Russian president Vladimir Putin: don t mess with our elections.Although not mentioning the election specifically (as far as we know), President Obama warned Putin that should he start a cyber war with the United States, we would have the upper hand: I will tell you we ve had problems with cyber intrusions from Russia in the past and from other countries in the past. We re moving into a new era here and frankly, we ve got more capacity than anybody both offensively and defensively  What we cannot do is have a situation where this becomes the wild, wild West, where countries that have significant cyber capacity start engaging in unhealthy competition or conflict through these means. President Obama also urged Putin not to duplicate or continue the  cycle of escalation  when it comes to nation s hacking others for personal, political or economic gain.And that s how it s done. Trump, take note.It was reported in the Washington Post on Sunday that American intelligence officials are formally launching an investigation to find out if Russian state-sponsored hackers are planning on a disruption in November s general election:The aim is to understand the scope and intent of the Russian campaign, which incorporates  cyber-tools to hack systems used in the political process, enhancing Russia s ability to spread disinformation  A Russian influence operation in the United States  is something we re looking very closely at,  said one senior intelligence official who, like others interviewed, spoke on the condition of anonymity to discuss a sensitive matter. Officials also are examining potential disruptions to the election process, and the FBI has alerted state and local officials to potential cyberthreats.It s no secret the Russians are pro-Trump, who they see as the perfect puppet for their thugs at the Kremlin. Not only do they see Trump as the way to continue their illegal, coercive and consequential actions, they have actively purchased his campaign with Paul Manafort (before he was forced to resign after it was discovered).Luckily, President Obama has the guts to stand up to Russia and their Gestapo tactics. While Trump folds like an accordion in Mexico, President Obama flexes his muscles.Don t mess with the United States  elections.Featured image via Lintao Zhang/Getty Images",0
4748, Fox News Is Imploding As Greta Van Susteren Leaves Network In Wake Of Settlement With Gretchen Carlson,"An aging audience combined with a devastating sexual harassment lawsuit and the exodus of several high-profile hosts and the resignation of Roger Ailes has all but crippled the conservative propaganda machine in recent months.Fox News has settled with former host Gretchen Carlson for $20 million after she revealed that Ailes had been sexually harassing her for years. Fox & Friends host Steve Doocy was also named by Carlson as a perpetrator but there has been no word as yet on whether he will also get the boot or resign. He probably wouldn t be able to get another job in the media anyway if he did.But soon after Carlson s allegations, Andrea Tantaros slapped the network with a sexual harassment lawsuit of her own, not only naming Ailes but also Bill O Reilly, who allegedly made sexual advances toward Tantaros.That might make it easier for Fox to choose between keeping Megyn Kelly or the longtime host of The O Reilly Factor if reports that the network might have to choose one or the other are true.And now, just after announcing the settlement, longtime host Greta Van Susteren has departed Fox News as well and will be replaced by obnoxious sexist Brit Hume, who once complained that New Jersey Governor Chris Christie can t act like a real man because of feminists and creepily  complimented  Megyn Kelly by marveling about how smart she is despite being pretty.Way to go, Fox. You had a chance to replace Van Susteren with another woman or at least with a male anchor who isn t a misogynist and you failed spectacularly. Replacing her with Hume must mean you didn t learn a damn thing from all the sexual harassment lawsuits being filed against you. We are grateful for Greta s many contributions over the years and wish her continued success,  Fox News said in a brief statement that also included a public apology to Carlson.This is the biggest staff shakeup within Fox News to occur in many years. The sexual harassment bombshell has shattered a working environment that the network cultured for decades and now it is biting them HARD. If Bill O Reilly or Megyn Kelly or both end up jumping ship for calmer waters next year when their contracts expire it could throw the network into even worse chaos.Again, Fox News may have a large audience but their audience is older and that means big trouble for a network that has largely refused to appeal to a millennial audience. Losing Kelly would not help.But considering how many female hosts have left Fox recently and the fact that Fox chose Brit Hume of all people to replace Van Susteren, it appears Kelly could very well decide to leave the toxic anti-women atmosphere of Fox News, which Tantaros described as a media company that  masquerades as a defender of traditional family values, but behind the scenes, it operates like a sex-fueled, Playboy Mansion-like cult, steeped in intimidation, indecency and misogyny. Featured Image: Brendan Hoffman/Getty Images",0
4749," Trump Spokeswoman Slips Up, Says Trump’s Immigration Plan Won’t Work (VIDEO)","We are all getting whiplash from Donald Trump s constant flip-flopping on his immigration policy over the last few weeks. Trump had been touting one of the most racist, heartless and problematic solutions to immigration throughout his entire campaign until just a few weeks ago, when he suddenly walked it back and softened his position. That decision confused everyone   and especially angered his equally racist supporters   and Trump has been stuck in a vicious back-and-forth pattern ever since.Last week, Trump said all undocumented immigrants in the U.S. must leave and then get in line to come back to America. This week, he made another  pivot  in his immigration policy, stating that he hasn t ruled out giving some immigrants a path to legalization. When spokesperson Katrina Pierson went on CNN to try to clear things up, it became apparent that everyone in the Trump campaign is confused now.In trying to defend her boss, a struggling Pierson said that it would be impossible for Trump to deport all the undocumented immigrants in America because there could be 2-3 times more immigrants than what the estimates say. Using the usual imaginary statistics that the Trump campaign has become infamous for, she said: We are continuously hearing that there s not 11 million [undocumented immigrants], there could be 20 million, there could be 30 million. This is important because Mr. Trump can t promise to deport every single illegal alien in the country if there s 30 million. While she was speaking, the host noticed that Pierson was absolutely lost and said,  We understand that it s complicated    which only infuriated Pierson and made her raise her voice. But as hard as she tried, Pierson couldn t give any solid reasoning for why Trump s ever-changing policy could work, because the truth is that it won t. The only thing that was cleared up in this interview was the fact that not even Trump s own campaign can keep up with his policy changes.Watch Pierson stumble through this interview below:.@KatrinaPierson on Trump s changing immigration stance: He said from beginning he d be  a negotiator in Congress  https://t.co/G4qVqhxleN  New Day (@NewDay) September 6, 2016Featured image is a screenshot",0
4750," In Effort To Hawk Phyllis Schlafly’s Book, Trump Calls Her Something Hilarious (TWEET)","If there s one thing Donald Trump loves, it s himself. So, after the death of the staunchly conservative women s rights hater Phyllis Schlafly, Trump thought this would be the appropriate time to promote her book about his favorite subject   himself, of course.No time like the present to use somebody s death to promote themselves, right? Well, at least according to a man who could be classified narcopathic.Trump tweeted out: As a tribute to the late great Phillies Schlafly, I hope everyone can go out and get her latest book, THE CONSERVATIVE CASE FOR TRUMP. via TwitterNow, whether you like the Phillies or not, let s leave Philadelphia s beloved baseball team out of politics.Clearly, Trump relied on auto-correct spelling to try to spell Phyllis Schlafly s name correctly. However, his effort failed miserably.Of course, Trump s campaign quickly caught on to this error and deleted the tweet then put out a new one with the proper spelling not too long after.As a tribute to the late, great Phyllis Schlafly, I hope everybody can go out and get her latest book, THE CONSERVATIVE CASE FOR TRUMP.  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) September 6, 2016Those over at the Trump campaign still seem to think it s okay to use the death of someone to promote the candidate. However, this really should surprise no one. It s not as if Trump holds himself to any form of standards of dignity and respect.Featured Photo by Ralph Freso/Getty Images, Twitter",0
4751, What Trump Just Said About His Tax Returns Will Make His Supporters FURIOUS (VIDEO),"It s hard to imagine that Donald Trump could give America any more reasons why he shouldn t be the country s next president, but Trump just can t help it. When he s not offending minorities or destroying our relations with our countries, Trump is coming up with more shady excuses about why he can t release his tax returns, even after his own vice president, Mike Pence, said that they would both be releasing their tax documents.However, in a joint interview yesterday, Trump and his running mate seemed to be changing their story once again. Ignoring the fact that everyone from Hillary Clinton to prominent Republicans to even his own supporters have begged the business mogul to release his tax returns, Trump had the nerve to tell ABC News  David Muir that no one cares about his tax returns. He said: I think people don t care. I don t think anybody cares, except some members of the press. And not surprisingly, Pence slightly walked back his comment about Trump releasing his tax returns (he must have gotten yelled at by his boss) and told Muir that he d meant only after they were audited, and that  this is all a distraction. Once again, Trump gave the ongoing audit of his taxes as an excuse, despite the fact that parts of Trump s audit have been completed and the IRS has said Trump could release them. Not to mention, many former presidential candidates have released their tax documents while under audit   it s not a big deal, unless you have something to hide.Bragging that he s given  most extensive financial review of anybody in the history of politics , Trump continued: When the audit is done, I ll release them. I don t know when that s gonna be, it could be soon, it could be not. How comforting. So much for the transparency and trustworthiness he s trying to build with American voters. You can watch the interview below:Trump to @DavidMuir:  People don t care  about whether he should release his taxes https://t.co/mDCcpdaQeFhttps://t.co/CI9iOk8DYe  This Week (@ThisWeekABC) September 6, 2016Once again, Trump is ignoring even the advice of his own supporters who understand that every time he acts out or does something shady to hide his past, he s basically handing the election over to Clinton.Featured image via Ralph Freso / Getty Images",0
4752," Finally Asked About Bribery Scandal, Trump Immediately Gets Caught In A Lie","For a long time now, the mainstream media has avoided questioning Donald Trump about the questionable relationship between a donation he made to the Attorney General in Florida and her decision to give his allegedly fraudulent Trump University a pass. After progressives complained about the issue on social media, the press has finally begun asking Trump about the details of his gift to Pam Bondi, which was recently flagged as a violation of the law by the IRS, resulting in a fine.Asked about the cash gift and the later favor delivered by Bondi, Trump immediately got caught in an inconvenient lie. I never spoke to her, first of all. She s a fine person, beyond reproach. I never even spoke to her about it at all. She s a fine person. Never spoken to her about it, never,  Trump said Monday while campaigning in Ohio.  Many of the attorney generals turned that case down because I ll win that case in court. Many turned that down. I never spoke to her. Marc Reichelderfer   who worked as a consultant on Bondi s reelection effort   told the Associated Press in June that Bondi spoke with Trump and solicited the donation herself. Reichelderfer said that Bondi had not been aware of the complaints against Trump University when she asked for the contribution.Trump doesn t have to have spoken with Bondi about his donation to her for it to be clear evidence of a  pay for play  scandal, but it is telling that as usual his first, off the cuff remark about Bondi turns out to have been false.Trump also made a donation to the attorney general in Texas, who then dropped a probe of Trump University, and it is unknown how many other government officials got nice checks from Trump before they made decisions about his business interests.But we do know that his first instinct was to tell an easily provable lie.Featured image via YouTube",0
4753, Trump Reveals The ONE THING To Stop Him From Debating Hillary And It’s RIDICULOUS (VIDEO),"On Monday, Donald Trump gave interviews to reporters on his plane, and naturally the subject of the presidential debates against Democratic nominee Hillary Clinton came up. As expected, Trump s responses were nothing short of moronic and unbelievable, and show just how unprepared Trump is to be president.As reporters threw different questions at Trump about his strategy to beat Clinton, Trump gave responses that should have his supporters worried sick about how he s going to win. Trump told reporters that he is barely doing any debate prep   in stark contrast to most presidential candidates. With a dismissive attitude, the ignorant business mogul revealed that he has not planned on mock debates, saying he d pretty much rather wing it: I ve seen people do so much prep work when they get out there, they can t speak. I ve seen that. Then when Trump was asked if he d actually follow through with the debates, Trump gave an even more surprising answer.Trump said,  As of this moment, yeah    a strange response for sure. And then he said that only hurricanes and natural disasters  would stop him from debating the former Secretary of State. He said: I expect to do all three. I look forward to the debates. You can watch this bizarre interview below:Hilariously, Trump also said that it was his  obligation  to debate Clinton and that presidential debates are an  important element of what we re doing.  He said: I did them with the other, you know, the other cases. We had, I guess 11 debates. Obviously, I did well in the debates. Obviously, according to the polls, the online polls they did right after the debates. And I think I m doing the same thing. Trump must have forgotten that he actually skipped one of the GOP debates, and also backed out of the debate that he challenged Vermont senator Bernie Sanders to. And there are ongoing rumors that Trump is going to somehow find an excuse to back out of his debates with Clinton as well. Judging from this interview alone, we would not be surprised.Featured image is a screenshot",0
4754, WATCH: Hillary Just Gave Us The BEST Comeback Ever To All The Allegations That She’s Sick,"The Trump campaign and the conservative media have been having a field day with Hillary s health. The idea that she s in really bad health is an absolutely asinine theory that s gotten to the point where some are circulating fake medical documents, while others, like Martin  Pharma Bro  Shkreli (who isn t anything like a doctor) are diagnosing her with things like Parkinson s.During a very recent stump speech, she stopped to cough. Knowing that conservatives were going to pounce on her again for that, she said: Every time I think about Trump I get allergic. She s allergic to Donald Trump! (Aren t we all?) This made the audience roar, and it s made others laugh, too. It s not difficult to be allergic to Trump   his speeches are really nothing more than giant fountains of toxic waste. Toxic waste contains all kinds of things that cause serious health conditions, so it s not too far a stretch to think it also triggers allergic reactions. Since symptoms of allergies can include coughing, this is a totally, utterly, completely perfect comeback.Watch that segment of her speech below:The Trump campaign, of course, doesn t think it s so funny. Kellyanne Conway, Trump s campaign manager, seized on Hillary s comeback on Twitter (she s very unhappy about this):Must be allergic to media. Finally spent a minute w/ them. Hillary Has A Nearly 2 Minute Long Coughing Fit [VIDEO] https://t.co/G0rKPfAjmr  Kellyanne Conway (@KellyannePolls) September 5, 2016The speculation about Hillary s health actually started two years ago with former chief Republican dunce Karl Rove. Rove wanted to know what was up with Hillary being hospitalized for a concussion, and then reappearing with these glasses people wear when they ve got traumatic brain injuries.  We need to know what s up with that,  he said.Newsflash to Rove and others who are harping on her for seemingly trying to hide a traumatic brain injury: A concussion is a traumatic brain injury.But that s neither here nor there.From that point on, conservatives who hate her, and Trump s campaign, have seized on all manner of things that supposedly  prove  she s too sick to serve as president. She s not too sick. She s just allergic to Trump, like most of the rest of the sane world.Featured image by Justin Sullivan/Getty Images",0
4755, Sanders Slams Trump On Campaign Trail: ‘The Essence Of His Campaign Is Bigotry’,"Vermont Senator Bernie Sanders hit the campaign trail for his former opponent in the Democratic primary on Monday, and he didn t mince words when it came to Republican nominee Donald Trump. As we all know, Trump has run one of the ugliest, most bigoted campaigns we ve seen this side of the Civil Rights Era. To that end, Bernie wasn t just there to stump for Hillary, but also to make sure his audience understands just who Donald Trump is, and what he stands for. Bernie began: My opposition to Trump goes beyond the fact that he refuses to recognize the reality of climate change. It goes beyond his willingness to give tax breaks to billionaires and cut programs for working people. My opposition in the strongest way to Trump is that he is making the cornerstone of his campaign, not economics, not healthcare, not the environment   the essence of his campaign is bigotry. Bernie didn t stop there, though, and continued the all -out assault on Trump from his platform on the stage in Lebanon, New Hampshire: We re supposed to hate anybody who is different than we are. He went on to remind everyone of Trump s outrageous statements regarding Muslims, women, Mexicans, and other groups. After all, lest we forget, Trump actually kicked his campaign off by calling Mexican immigrants rapists and criminals. After that, he called for, quote,  a total and complete shutdown of Muslims entering the United States. Of course, we all know that Trump has spent the last year and a half appealing to the most disgusting and dark elements of the underbelly of racist American populism. He has brought overt racism and fringe white supremacy mainstream   so much so, in fact, that he has inspired former Ku Klux Klan grand wizard David Duke to run for the U.S. Senate.So, GOP, remember all of these FACTS next time you try to tell minorities that your party isn t bigoted. With Trump as your standard   bearer, how the hell can you expect us to believe that?Good on you, Bernie, for calling a spade a spade, and reminding the American people just who and what Donald Trump and his disgusting campaign really is.Featured image via Darren McCollester/Getty Images",0
4756," Trump Continues Racist Birtherism, Won’t Say President Obama Is An American","Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump s first entrance to prominence in mainstream American politics was built on the same thing his entire horrific campaign has been built on: bigotry. Specifically, bigotry against America s first black president, Barack Obama. Trump led the racist charge that would come to be known as the  birther  movement, where he and his racist followers claimed that President Obama is not a Christian American who was born in Hawaii, but was instead a Muslim born in Kenya.Of course, these wild claims have been debunked over and over again during Obama s tenure as President, but that still has not convinced The Donald. In fact, to this day, Trump refuses to admit that he was wrong, and that indeed President Obama was born right here in the United States of America. On Monday, Trump was asked if his views had changed on President Obama s place of birth, and all he would say to reporters is,  I don t talk about it. Well, Mr. Trump, you spent months upon months publicly worrying over the President s birth certificate, ginning up racism from your fellow bigots who couldn t stand that there s a Black family living in the White House, and no matter what President Obama did   including releasing his long form birth certificate as you requested   nothing was good enough for you.There s a reason for this. It s not about any sort of legitimate question regarding President Obama s origins, but about pure, unabashed racism. And here you are, a few years later, as the standard   bearer for one of America s major political parties, and you still are peddling this racist conspiracy theory in an effort to damage President Obama s legacy and deligitimize his time in the office of the presidency.Shame on you, Donald Trump. And, more to the point, shame on the Republican Party for allowing this man to carry your banner, and then claim that you don t tolerate and endorse racism. Clearly, you do.Featured image via Spencer Platt/Getty Images",0
4757, Trump-Supporting Republican Candidate Wishes Rape Upon Female Reporter,"This is the kind of trash Donald Trump is bringing into the political field.When Daily Beast reporter Olivia Nuzzi posted a story on her Facebook page about the relationship between Donald Trump and Marla Maples written by colleague Brandy Zadrozny, she didn t think it would cause conservatives to lose their shit.After all, the piece seems to reveal a Trump with a more human side, while expressing admiration for Marla Maples for the way she put up with his bullshit all those years. Regardless, there is no excuse for this kind of response.Nevertheless, a New Jersey Republican who clearly has not read the piece nor understood that Nuzzi did not write the story herself lashed out by openly replying that he hopes somebody rapes her, preferably a Syrian refugee. I hope somebody rapes you today,  wrote Mike Krawitz, a GOP candidate running for a seat on the West Deptford Township CommitteeThis man who wants me to be raped today was a Republican candidate for office in NJ https://t.co/NgxtjOTaJ9 pic.twitter.com/H31Q5VmXVc  Olivia Nuzzi (@Olivianuzzi) September 5, 2016Here s an image of his posts as they appeared on Facebook.So far, the West Deptford GOP is failing horribly at handling the matter. They are actually defending Krawitz by claiming that his Twitter account got hacked. The executive board of the WDGOP does not condone any repulsive, threatening, or demeaning rhetoric in any social media form or otherwise,  they began.  We are in the process of contacting Twitter for confirmation that someone hacked his account and posted his facebook thumbnail on the hacked twitter entry. Except that Krawitz, who is an avid fan of the Republican nominee, posted his disgusting attack on Facebook, something Nuzzi reminded the West Deptford GOP when she took them to the woodshed over their pathetic response.Wishing rape upon any woman is despicable and should automatically disqualify the person who said it from seeking political office. But apparently, the GOP thinks it s a virtue.Featured image via Facebook",0
4758, President Obama Defends Kaepernick’s Protest And Racist Conservatives Lose Their Sh*t,"Conservatives are throwing a collective hissy fit because President Obama defended Colin Kaepernick s constitutional right to protest by not standing for the National Anthem.The San Francisco 49ers quarterback has been sitting during the National Anthem in protest of the police brutality and inequality black people have been facing for years. Conservatives have been bashing Kaepernick ever since, questioning his patriotism and telling him to leave the country but now he has his strongest ally yet.On Monday, President Obama, who taught constitutional law for twelve years, confirmed that Kaepernick does indeed have the right to sit during the National Anthem if he so chooses. My understanding at least is that he s exercising his constitutional right to make a statement,  President Obama told reporters during his trip to China.  I think there s a long history of sports figures doing so. Indeed, Muhammad Ali and Jackie Robinson are just two of the African-American sports heroes who were doing this kind of protest long before Kaepernick came along. But I don t doubt his sincerity based on what I ve heard,  Obama continued.  I think he cares about some real legitimate issues that have to be talked about. If nothing else what he s done is he s generated more conversation around some topics that need to be talked about. Here s the video via YouTube.But conservatives, as usual, responded to President Obama by letting their racism fly.@FoxNews @POTUS @Kaepernick7 Of course he would side with an anti-American mulatto.  Radix Journal (@RadixJournal) September 5, 2016 @FoxNews @POTUS @Kaepernick7 I m exercising my right to call BULLSHIT on your entire psuedo-presidency  Kat (@OutOfIdeasForNa) September 5, 2016@FoxNews @POTUS @Kaepernick7 if he believes what Kap did was good for the country, then you KNOW it was wrong.  Elizabeth (@Buppy9999) September 5, 2016 @FoxNews @POTUS @Kaepernick7 Cool  One jackass supporting another jackass  Jackasses always stick together  pic.twitter.com/ZEQHOhqFa8  conundrum ? (@conundrumstix) September 5, 2016@astinos2323 @FoxNews @POTUS @Kaepernick7 if he was a white christian obama would disagree  Cheyenne Marie Alexa (@gypsy_cheyenne) September 5, 2016 @astinos2323 @FoxNews @POTUS @Kaepernick7 How about if each white you meet lectures you in their relatives that died to free blacks?FreeSpch  Typical Peon (@TypicalPeon) September 5, 2016@FoxNews @POTUS @Kaepernick7 Just what I expected from Barry, you know the guy who hung around with Bill The Bomber Ayers #Scumbag #FoxNews  B.C. (@BC4040) September 5, 2016 @FoxNews @POTUS @Kaepernick7 look Obama has no respect for our flag so this spoiled punk is a idiot enough of this crap ok  Gregory Mcgee (@gregorymcgee226) September 5, 2016@kennybor24 #I guess blacks are not in their place. Makes you wanna throw up when potus agrees.  Cornelius Felder (@Yogi1115) September 5, 2016 @FoxNews Nothing keeps Blacks from achieving in the USA now but a victim mindset. Injustice/racism are used when they have failed themselves  Empirical Guru (@EmpiricalGuru) September 5, 2016Contrary to what most conservatives think, while President Obama did support Kaepernick s right to sit during the National Anthem, that doesn t mean he agrees with it. President Obama also acknowledged that some veterans feel disrespected by it and said there are other ways to protest.But African-Americans have tried several ways to protest police brutality and inequality, and so far, conservatives have found any reason to whine no matter what just like they do about anything President Obama says or does.Featured image via screenshot",0
4759," Bin Laden’s Brother Lived In Trump Tower, Gave Millions To The Donald","Back in June, on Facebook, Donald Trump called on Hillary Clinton to return millions of dollars the Clinton Foundation received in donations from Saudi Arabia: Crooked Hillary says we must call on Saudi Arabia and other countries to stop funding hate. I am calling on her to immediately return the $25 million plus she got from them for the Clinton Foundation! For months now the right has used the Saudi donations as definitive  proof  that Clinton is beholden to oppressive regimes, and isn t serious about protecting women s rights and LGBT rights.But while the right is hailing their newfound champion of women s rights and gay rights, maybe they should take a look at how much money he s taken from the Saudi government   personally   and how he allowed Osama Bin Laden s brother to live in the famous Trump Tower.Had Hillary Clinton allowed a Bin Laden such private access, the right wing media would have a field day. But since it s Donald Trump, he gets a free pass.According to a new expos  by The Daily News, Trump has received over $5.7 million dollars from the Saudi government after selling  sold the 45th floor of Trump World Tower to the Kingdom. Since 2001, the government has had to pay the Trump Organization $85,585 for building amenities a year.Before the payoff of real estate, Trump also allowed Osama Bin Laden s half-brother, Shafiq Bin Laden, to live in the apartment for four months in 1986.Perhaps Trump can follow his own example and can go ahead and give the $5.7 million back to the Saudi government, and explain why he allowed the brother of the world s most dangerous and wanted terrorist to live at his crowning achievement.How is Trump going to hold the Saudi government accountable when they have direct ownership in his business? Trump has already hinted that he would not step down from the Trump organization, raising high levels of potential conflicts of interest for the United States government.But let s keep pretending Hillary Clinton hasn t done anything for women and LGBT people because Donald Trump has such a great track record when it comes to equality.Featured image via Joe Freso/Getty Images",0
4760, U.S. Women’s Soccer Star Megan Rapinoe Kneels During National Anthem To Support Kaepernick,"The protest is growing.Most people don t seem to understand that freedom and liberty is a two-way street. That when soldiers fight and die for our rights they did so for all of them.At least that s what conservatives don t understand since they ve been critical almost to the point of calling for violence against San Francisco 49ers quarterback Colin Kaepernick for not standing during the national anthem in protest of police brutality. I am not going to stand up to show pride in a flag for a country that oppresses black people and people of color,  Kaepernick told the press following a game last month.  To me, this is bigger than football and it would be selfish on my part to look the other way. There are bodies in the street and people getting paid leave and getting away with murder. Kaepernick has been joined in his protest by other athletes, but now he has the support of one of the biggest stars in women s soccer.Megan Rapinoe plays on the United States national women s team on the world stage, including the Olympic games. And on Sunday, she became the highest-profile white athlete to protest inequality in America by refusing to stand for the national anthem.When the anthem began playing Rapinoe simply took a knee, and her action brought even more attention to the issues Kaepernick is raising. It was a little nod to Kaepernick and everything that he s standing for right now,  Rapinoe told the media.  I think it s actually pretty disgusting the way he was treated and the way that a lot of the media has covered it and made it about something that it absolutely isn t. We need to have a more thoughtful, two-sided conversation about racial issues in this country. IN addition to racial issues, Rapinoe s kneel also drew attention to LGBT issues such as discrimination. Being a gay American, I know what it means to look at the flag and not have it protect all of your liberties. It was something small that I could do and something that I plan to keep doing in the future and hopefully spark some meaningful conversation around it. It s important to have white people stand in support of people of color on this. We don t need to be the leading voice, of course, but standing in support of them is something that s really powerful. If the American flag really stands for  liberty and justice for all  we wouldn t be seeing police officers unjustly killing black people in the streets and we wouldn t see conservatives constantly trying to pass new laws in order to legalize discrimination against gay people.But we ARE seeing these injustices take place and until they are fixed perhaps it s time we shelve the national anthem until the flag has earned back its respect.Featured image via Twitter",0
4761, Obama Shows Why Trump Is Too Much Of A Hothead To Be President,"Donald Trump has constantly involved himself in one silly feud after another, going ballistic on a series of individuals and institutions in a childish tantrum style, often about topics that have absolutely nothing to do with being elected president.Trump has done this so often, Hillary Clinton referenced the behavior in her speech accepting the Democratic nomination in Philadelphia this summer, noting,  Imagine him in the Oval Office facing a real crisis. A man you can bait with a tweet is not a man we can trust with nuclear weapons. The current occupant of the White House, President Obama, recently showed off the stark difference in temperament between himself and someone like Trump in how he responded to poor treatment by Chinese authorities.The Chinese prevented a set of stairs from being used to allow Obama to walk off of Air Force One, forcing the White House to eventually scrap the process even though it is a key element in the imagery of the President arriving for a diplomatic event like the G20. Obama could have chosen to complain and whine and moan about it. Instead Mr. Obama played down the incident, saying it was part of the normal give-and-take over security and media access that the United States has with many foreign countries.He noted that foreign delegations often feel bruised by their treatment when they visit the United States. And he acknowledged that the White House places a lot of demands on countries he visits because of the size of his entourage and his security demands.Can you imagine Donald Trump letting a violation of protocol or   more importantly in his egocentric eyes   allowing an opportunity for a photo-op to pass him by? No doubt a raft of Chinese officials, including the stair operator, would be subject to aggressive Trump tweets. He might even come up with one of his childish nicknames.Instead, Obama let it slide, going on to sign a major agreement with the Chinese president in order to fight global climate change   a real problem, not an optics one.That s a big difference.Featured image via Flickr",0
4762, Twitter DESTROYS Trump For Irony Of Screaming About The ‘C’ Marking On Hillary’s Emails,"Break out the popcorn   Donald Trump got busy bashing Hillary Clinton on his Twitter account over her emails. Again. Because Trump can only do two things on Twitter: Praise himself while pretending to thank his audiences, and bash anybody he doesn t like. One particular tweet stands out, though, particularly for its irony:Lyin  Hillary Clinton told the FBI that she did not know the  C  markings on documents stood for CLASSIFIED. How can this be happening?  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) September 4, 2016The irony is that, back in the  70s, Trump Management marked lease applications from black people with the letter  c  to indicate that they were black, and therefore, not to be rented to. That s what s getting Twitter in an uproar over this.Trump Management claimed they never discriminated and they never would when the Department of Justice sued them over this. Our dear Donald, at the time, swore that he didn t have direct knowledge of what was going on. He flat-out said,  I don t care and I don t know. Twitter is having a field day with him over this, as well they should. If he s going to rag on Hillary for not knowing that  c  stands for, then he can jolly well admit that Trump Management was racist enough to mark applications with a  c  themselves so they would know who they should not rent to. @realDonaldTrump the C making on your tenancy applications meant  colored  though, right Donald?  Jemaine Clement (@AJemaineClement) September 4, 2016@realDonaldTrump funny because you were sued for labeling black tenants with a  c  for colored  Parker (@Parker9_) September 4, 2016 @realDonaldTrump Boss, America is more worried about the  C  for colored that you marked on 100% rejected A-A rental applications. Shame!  Trump University (@trumpUni) September 4, 2016@realDonaldTrump knows better about  C  marking than anyone else.It used for color & a mark to reject leasing applications in his properties  M. Shafiq Hamdam (@shafiqhamdam) September 5, 2016 Well at least she didn t write  C  on the rental applications of black people and then get sued by the DOJ  twice. https://t.co/2d7PyYFMyO  Sarah Wood (@SarahWoodwriter) September 5, 2016@realDonaldTrump Your C marking meant  colored .  John Harris (@YahyaJohn) September 4, 2016 No one knows what the  C  markings on docs stands for better than Trump! It stands for COLORED! @realDonaldTrump pic.twitter.com/Hp4a5Te2n2  DonaId J. Trump (@realDenaldTrump) September 5, 2016@realKellG @realDonaldTrump @cincowgirl @DanScavino @KatrinaPierson C is for colored, Donnie   remember?  Marcy Fisher (@gieneh52) September 5, 2016 @realDonaldTrump remember, how you didn t know the  C  marking on applications meant  colored ? I would imagine its the same thing.  Karla M (@TheNFL_Chica2) September 4, 2016.@realdonaldtrump Like your documents (leases) where the  c  stood for  colored  (meaning,  do not rent to blacks )  RiskyLiberal (@RiskyLiberal) September 5, 2016Yes, Trump has indeed forgotten what a little  c  on rental applications meant. The hypocrisy is strong in this one, as is the ignorance.  C  on government emails means  confidential,  though Trump & Co., and the Never Hillary crowd, are behaving as though she shared info that was classified as  top secret.  Information marked  confidential  is still classified info, that s true, but it s hilarious that Trump doesn t see similarities between his family s problems with that letter, and Hillary s.Featured image by Jonathan Bachman/Getty Images",0
4763, Former GOP Policy Chief Unleashes AMAZING Tweetstorm After ‘Fragile’ Trump Cries About Jeff Flake,"Arizona Senator Jeff Flake can t vote for Donald Trump. He said so on CNN. He won t vote for Hillary, either (boo), but he also can t make himself vote for someone as full of pond scum as Trump. So, true to form, Trump took to Twitter to blast Flake for having the gall to say something so horrible about him:The Republican Party needs strong and committed leaders, not weak people such as @JeffFlake, if it is going to stop illegal immigration.  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) September 4, 2016 The Great State of Arizona, where I just had a massive rally (amazing people), has a very weak and ineffective Senator, Jeff Flake. Sad!  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) September 4, 2016The GOP s former House Policy Chief, Evan McMullin, isn t having any of this at all. He unleashed a firestorm of tweets in response to Trump over his skin that s as thick as a single layer of gauze. Nobody who is, or was, a Republican, hits The Donald over the head for his repeated attacks on fellow Republicans better than McMullin just did:.@realDonaldTrump demonstrates his fragility once again by attacking @JeffFlake, one of America s most courageous leaders.  Evan McMullin (@Evan_McMullin) September 4, 2016 Important leadership truth: Strong, conservative leaders like @JeffFlake unify us   while weak, petty men like @realdonaldtrump divide us.  Evan McMullin (@Evan_McMullin) September 5, 2016I refuse to accept a bully president.https://t.co/15zpelBRKf  Evan McMullin (@Evan_McMullin) September 5, 2016 .@realDonaldTrump is a weak, fragile, and petulant man who cannot stomach dissent or criticism. https://t.co/l0woBG3qwY  Evan McMullin (@Evan_McMullin) September 5, 2016McMullin, who linked to a blog post he wrote about Trump in the above tweets, then finished his tweetstorm with this series:This election isn t about me, and at this point it isn t just about who will sit in the Oval Office in January. https://t.co/nMymQM2C4a  Evan McMullin (@Evan_McMullin) September 5, 2016 It s about the character of our nation: who we are and who we aspire to be. https://t.co/1LGqrmjpVS  Evan McMullin (@Evan_McMullin) September 5, 2016It s so important that we not only defeat @realDonaldTrump in November  Evan McMullin (@Evan_McMullin) September 5, 2016  but that we stand up, every day, to his unacceptable attacks on our nation s most courageous leaders. https://t.co/j7DtAyNrSU  Evan McMullin (@Evan_McMullin) September 5, 2016McMullin s Twitter profile says he s now an independent candidate for President, but he seems to know that he doesn t have a chance in hell of winning. He s a Never Trumper, and he praises other Never Trumpers for being Never Trumpers before it was cool. In his blog post about Trump s ridiculous attack on Flake, he fleshes out some of his tweets a little better: But Donald Trump is a weak, fragile, and petulant man who cannot stomach dissent or criticism. Even as he promises to be a  uniter  who will bring the country together, he lashes out against leaders within his own party   courageous, principled conservatives like Arizona Senator Jeff Flake.  [emphasis in original post]He s got it right. Other Republicans and conservatives who can t stomach a Trump presidency have it right, too. Some will vote for Hillary. Some will probably vote for Gary Johnson. But McMullin just put the man with the onion-paper thin skin in his place.Photo of McMullin by George Frey/Getty Images. Photo of Trump by Ralph Freso/Getty Images. Photos merged by Rika Christensen",0
4764, WATCH: Chuck Todd Blasts Pence For Trump’s Hiring Of Alleged Rapists And Racists,"Donald Trump s campaign currently has a leadership that is under fire for more than a few scandals. On Sunday, Chuck Todd blasted Trump s running mate Mike Pence for hiring both Steve Bannon of Breitbart, a right-wing reactionary media site, and Roger Ailes of Fox News. Bannon is facing allegations of anti-Semitism and Ailes for  sexually harassing what now seems like every woman who ever stepped foot in his office: Quick question about the leadership of the campaign, there s been some troubling allegations both against Steve Bannon, somethings he may have said about Jewish people, some things that may have happened between him and his wife, Todd said during a broadcast of Meet the Press.  There s been troubling allegations having to do with Roger Ailes. Both of whom are apparently advisers to this campaign. Are you comfortable with that considering some of the allegations you ve read against both of these men? Are you comfortable with their involvement in this campaign? I promise you the person leading Donald Trump s campaign is Donald Trump,  Pence responds.  He and I talk every day, sometimes several times a day. He is   he is a hands on leader and a hands on CEO. Todd then goes on to question Pence further, asking him it is,  appropriate for Roger Ailes to be involved? I trust Donald Trump s judgment to assemble around this team a group that s going to help us move forward and be successful and win,  Pence says.  And come on, I mean, Steve Bannon has denied all of those allegations    Todd then interjects to say,  Some are in court records. I mean, look, I know   look, divorces are divorces. But it s troubling allegations, people are going to look and say, all right, Steve Bannon and then you see all these allegations against Roger Ailes, it just feels as if there s   does he ignore troubling allegations against people that work for him? I trust Donald Trump to assemble a team around him in this campaign has he has and will continue to. You ll continue to see people added to this campaign,  Pence says.Pence s claim that we ll see more people added to his campaign staff has me wondering who Trump will hire next. Martin Shkreli seems like he would fit in with the rest of Trump s campaign compadres. At this point, it wouldn t even be shocking to see Trump hire George Zimmerman to spearhead his outreach efforts to voters of color.What Todd doesn t go into is the fact that a presidential candidate has officially aligned himself with two major players in the media. While Ailes may have resigned as the chairman and CEO of Fox News due to his inability to give women in his employment their basic human rights, he still remains on of the most powerful men in the news industry. So powerful in fact, that Rupert Murdoch has gone on record as saying that Ailes is responsible for the success of Trump s campaign thus far.  Then there is Bannon, who is on a  temporary  leave from his position as the CEO of Breitbart, a staple site in propagating bizarre right-wing conspiracies and white supremacist narratives.What this amounts to is the collusion two of the largest private dispensers of information in the world working with a fascist billionaire to try and take control of the wealthiest and most influential nation in the world. This current situation should serve as a warning to the entire left-wing that in the era of neoliberalist domination, corporations have the power to  convince millions of people to vote for an administration that would rather turn the United States into sacrifice zone, rather than lose a profit.You can watch the clip below:Featured image via video screenshot",0
4765, Soledad O’Brien SLAMS Media For Supporting White Supremacy (VIDEO),"On Sunday, former CNN host Soledad O Brien appeared on CNN s Reliable Sources, where she claimed that CNN and the mainstream media in general, have helped Donald Trump normalize white supremacy through their coverage of his campaign. If you look at Hillary Clinton s speech where she basically pointed out that what Donald Trump has done   actually quite well   has normalized white supremacy. I think she made a very good argument, almost like a lawyer. Here are ways in which he has actually worked to normalize conversations that many people find hateful.I ve seen on-air, white supremacists being interviewed because they are Trump delegates, and they do a five-minute segment, the first minute or so talking about what they believe as white supremacists. So you have normalized that. O Brien continued to voice her objections to the type of coverage the press has given Trump over the course of his campaign run, saying: Donald Trump will say,  Hillary Clinton, she s a bigot.  And it s covered, the journalist part comes in,  They trade barbs. He said she s a bigot and she points out that he might be appealing to racists.  It only becomes  he said, she said.  When in actuality, the fact that Donald Trump said she s a bigot without the long laundry list of evidence, which if you looked at Hillary Clinton s speech, she actually did have a lot of really good factual evidence that we would all agree that are things that have happened and do exist. They are treated as if they are equal. O Brien is voicing critiques of the media that have come up recently regarding the way media organizations handle their bias towards objectivity. Similar criticisms of mainstream media companies have arisen in the past over a wide variety of issues   most notably, when covering issues relating to climate change. For example, in an effort to appear objective, news and editorial shows will have a climate scientist come on their program as well as a climate change denier.It isn t at all fair to have a climate change denier be given airtime when they represent an incredibly small fraction of the population of experts. Especially when you take into consideration that their views are generally considered to be demonstrably false by all available scientific evidence.The same goes for Trump and those involved with his campaign. They represent an overall tiny segment of population   keep in mind that less than 10% of the eligible U.S. population voted for any candidate in the presidential primary   and they generally have put out views that are hateful and even bizarre.You can watch the video of the exchange below:Featured image via video screen capture ",0
4766," Team Trump Can’t Get Their Immigration Message Straight, So Hillary Does It For Them","Donald Trump s signature issue since he began his travesty of a presidential campaign has been immigration. He won the primary by promising a bunch of ignorant, anti-immigrant, racist, and otherwise bigoted voters in the GOP base that he d deport all the brown people and build a giant wall to keep more of them from coming in. Well, that was the primary, and this is general election. He and his campaign staff seem to have realized that they can t win with just a bunch of racists, so they are attempting to moderate that hardline message, but they have to be careful, because the base still has to be fed that red meat that got them onto Team Trump in the first place.The result of this attempted balancing act has been a muddying of the water amongst Trump s campaign staff and surrogates as they chase their tails all over television with no clear message regarding what will happen to all of the undocumented immigrants who are already here and contributing to American society. In fact, on Sunday s edition of MSNBC s Meet the Press, this was a topic of conversation, and one panel member pretty much summed up the issue here: Trump himself doesn t know what the hell his own plan is on his signature issue. I don t know if Donald Trump knows what he is going to do with them [illegal immigrants]   @TheFix on #MTP Panel  Meet the Press (@MeetThePress) September 4, 2016Moderator Chuck Todd also interviewed Trump s running mate Mike Pence, and his answers weren t anymore satisfying. Pence only returned to the false narrative that Trump s positions on this issue are  consistent. Pence on #MTP: ""I think Donald Trump has been completely consistent"" on deportation policy.https://t.co/Q3m39LDyQy  Meet the Press (@MeetThePress) September 4, 2016Well, since the American people deserve to know where a major party presidential candidate stands on such an important issue this far along in the election season, Hillary s campaign manager Robby Mook decided to help us all out. He released a statement via the Hillary For America website that reads: Donald Trump has stated very clearly throughout his campaign that he will deport everyone who is undocumented, something that was reinforced in his speech in Arizona last Wednesday. Beyond forcibly removing every single undocumented person from this country, Trump has also promised to rescind DACA and DAPA, and deport American citizens who are born to undocumented immigrant parents. What we saw today is Mike Pence and Trump s top campaign officials attempt to mislead voters about their mass deportation policy by using soft words to describe harsh tactics   one of the oldest tricks in the book. Immigrant families know the meanings of  humane  and  fair  and can see straight through their cynical ploys. Trump s message to immigrant families is clear: everyone must go. This, of course, is the bottom line: the Trump campaign wishes to muddy the waters, to make us all think he doesn t plan on erecting a deportation force to make all the brown people leave, so that we ll think he actually has some compassion for these people. Nothing could be further from the truth. It doesn t matter to Trump if you re a 70-year-old woman who fled her home country 40 years ago to escape war or violence, if it was either enter the country illegally or face certain death   Trump will deport you, and take you away from your documented children and grandchildren.That s the kind of cold, cruel, callous approach that Donald Trump and his racist cronies have when it comes to this very complex and sensitive issue, make no mistake. They re just using different words now, but they mean exactly what has been said for the last 14 months   immigrants are the enemy, and they will be thrown out.Thankfully, though, Hillary and her team have read the message loud and clear, and are making sure the American people understand just what that very scary message is.Featured image via Instagram",0
4767," ‘We See Only One Viable Leader’: Nonpartisan Generals Break Tradition, Endorse Hillary (VIDEO)","Two previously nonpartisan generals have broken a decades-long tradition of keeping their votes private, in what is likely to be yet another nail in the GOP s coffin this election cycle. TIME magazine reports:Two four-star generals, Bob Sennewald, former commanding general of the U.S. Army Forces Command and David Maddox, former commander in chief of the U.S. Army-Europe, announced their endorsement on Thursday. Our votes have always been private, and neither of us has ever previously lent his name or voice to a presidential candidate,  they said in a joint statement.  Having studied what is at stake for this country and the alternatives we have now, we see only one viable leader, and will be voting this November for Secretary Hillary Clinton. This is a victory for Hillary, as both campaigns focus on courting the military vote. American Legion, the largest veterans organization in the United States, held their convention last week. Both candidates gave speeches and pandered as best as they could (Trump s speech had some creepy fascist undertones), but with key differences: Supporters of Trump praised his  forcefulness  and  presence,  whereas Hillary supporters applauded her for actual plans and substance.This actually serves very well as an example to illustrate the primary differences between the candidates as a whole. And while Trump likely enjoys a massive lead among most active-duty troops, that pattern does not hold true everywhere   intelligence officials, national security advisers, and military leadership all seem to favor Hillary.The reason is simple: Trump is not competent. There is emotional appeal in his charisma and presence that apparently strikes a chord with some people, but for the half of the nation that prefers thought before action, it s simply not enough. Hillary has the experience, knowledge, and basic competency to get the job done, which Trump entirely lacks. For strategic thinkers worried about the future of our nation, the choice could not be any more clear.Here s the entirety of Hillary s speech to the American Legion, courtesy of PBS:Featured image via Scott Eisen/Getty Images",0
4768," WATCH: Trump Surrogate Tries To Spin Taco Truck Fiasco, Gets Laughed At (VIDEO)","On Sunday, during a panel segment on CNN s State of the Union, former MTV Real World reality TV star and Trump surrogate Rachel Campos-Duffy, tried her best to spin the recent #TacoTrucksOnEveryCorner mega-gaffe. Her efforts received laughter from the other panelists, with Clinton surrogate Bakari Sellers remarking that they had  never seen spin like that. In case you missed it, Latinos for Trump founder Marco Gutierrez warned that if we did not do something to stop illegal immigration and elect Hillary Clinton we will have taco trucks on every corner.Here s how Campos-Duffy tried to spin the narrative: What I think is really interesting is that taco trucks really are the ultimate symbol of American entrepreneurial capitalism. And I think what people want to know is not what some first-time surrogate fumbled, what they want to know about is who is going to help people who want to start taco trucks. Campos-Duffy then went on to say: And liberal policies have always over-regulated food trucks. What people want to know is who is going to help people start businesses, let them grow, become financially independent. Liberals over-regulate these kinds of small business owners and conservatives help them achieve their dreams. Excellent pivot,  Jake Tapper remarked.Trump surrogate Andre Bauer was, believe it or not, quite fond of the analogy. Those are people that are business owners, they re working hard. We just don t want the people here that are stealing the hubcaps. Which, as Tapper pointed out was not at all what Gutierrez meant when he made the gaffe.You can watch the segment below. Featured image from video screenshot ",0
4769, WATCH: Pipeline Company Attacks Indigenous Protesters With Dogs And Pepper Spray,"On Saturday, dozens of indigenous people were attacked by private security while protesting the construction of the Dakota Access pipeline. The Associated Press reports that at least 30 people were pepper-sprayed and six people had been bitten by dogs, including one child. There were no police officers on site.The protestors broke through fencing and rushed towards construction crews, though none of them appear to have been acting violently. The construction crew was using bulldozers to remove top soil from the site of an ancient indigenous burial ground.Standing Rock Sioux chairman David Archambault II said in a statement that: This demolition is devastating. These grounds are the resting places of our ancestors. The ancient cairns and stone prayer rings there cannot be replaced. In one day, our sacred land has been turned into hollow ground. Democracy Now! was on the ground at the time of the attack. Here are photos and video footage that shows the damage that was done to protestors.VIDEO Dakota Access Pipeline Co Attacks Native American Protesters with Dogs & Pepper Spray https://t.co/opaGFmyLxj pic.twitter.com/uXfFAxKkej  Democracy Now! (@democracynow) September 4, 2016This is just the latest incident to happen in a protest that has gone on for months. The Dakota Access pipeline once constructed would span four states. From an environmentalist s standpoint or anyone who is at least mildly concerned with combating climate change    we should be thankful that the demonstrations are taking place.  The pipeline is expected to transport 570,000 barrels of crude oil per day from the Bakken region in North Dakota to Illinois.Despite being sold to the public as a means of securing energy independence, The Intercept recently revealed that at least some of the oil transported by the pipeline will be exported. How much exactly will be exported is unknown. However, recent changes in oil and gas export laws, as well as changes in the oil and gas market, have created conditions that make it far more profitable to export oil than to sell it domestically.Featured image via Twitter",0
4770, WATCH: Trump Campaign Manager Crashes And Burns When Grilled About Immigration Plan,"ABC host Martha Raddatz proved once again why she is one of the best choices to be a Presidential Debate moderator on Sunday, when she grilled Kellyanne Conway about the Republican nominee s immigration plan.After Trump s campaign manager talked about how Hillary Clinton and Tim Kaine supposedly don t answer questions correctly because they make it about Trump and are not  forthcoming,  Raddatz asked Conway to clear up some questions about Trump s plan to deport millions of undocumented immigrants, which she proceeded to answer by not really answering it. He said that the priority will be criminals and those who have overstayed their visas. That still amounts to between 5 million and 6.5 million people that he says will be quickly removed. The cost estimate for that is between $51 billion and $67 billion. How will he manage such a massive operation and who will pay for it? Conway replied by putting the onus on ICE officers and once again said Trump will build a wall and force Mexico to pay for it, completely avoiding answering for how Trump intends to pay for such a costly plan. He ll manage it the way it should have been managed all along, by enforcing the law and relying upon those law enforcement officers and those ICE officers to do their job,  Conway said.  They ve been completely hamstrung in their ability to do their job. He also has   said that he will triple the number of ICE agents to try to help. Conway then did exactly what she whined about Kaine and Clinton supposedly doing by pivoting to talking about how they don t have an immigration plan.Except Hillary Clinton DOES have an immigration plan and you can find it on her website here.Raddatz then steered Conway back to Trump s plan. Back to immigration, he said there will be no amnesty; all immigrants here illegally will be subject to deportation,  Raddatz said.  So will they be subject to deportation and removal? This is where Conway really began to wither because Republican logic dictates that all undocumented immigrants are criminals, which means all 11 million would have to be deported. But Conway tried to have it both ways. If they re criminals, they re going immediately. And we don t know what that number is. We hear anything from 1 million to 2 million,  Conway replied.  And then, of course, he has also said, this being the most generous country to immigrants in the world, that if you want to come to America and immigrate here legally  Raddatz s bullshit detector went off and she once again tried to pin Conway to the wall by asking her point blank that if these immigrants have not committed a crime in the United States will Trump still deport them. Well, Conway couldn t handle that question either. He has said that you should stand in line and immigrate legally,  Conway said before Raddatz cut her off again.  So you mean they have to go?  Raddatz asked.Conway once again could not handle the question and made a series of gaffes in response. She once again falsely claimed that Hillary Clinton does not have an immigration plan while Trump has a  ten-point plan.  For the record, Hillary s plan is a nine-point plan and it is posted on her campaign website.Conway also said that Trump plans to  rescind all those executive amnesties.  So does that mean Trump will rescind any executive order that has ever granted amnesty to immigrants, including those issued by presidents that came before President Obama? Because that would be very worrying if that s the case as Trump s immigration plan could then affect millions and millions more people.Raddatz finally realized that Conway was not going to be forthcoming in her answers and proceeded to slam her for it.Here s the video via YouTube.This is why Martha Raddatz is considered one of the toughest interviewers in the media. She took Conway to the cleaners and made her look like the hypocrite and fool that she is. Donald trump s plan would be costly, not to mention an international incident between Mexico and the United States since you have to wonder how Trump will actually force Mexico to pay for something it has repeatedly refused to pay for.And the fact that Conway is literally lying about Hillary Clinton by claiming that she doesn t have a plan is equally infuriating. If there s one claim Raddatz should have challenged Conway on it s that one. Other than that, Conway crashed and burned because Raddatz is a pro, which should be making Trump very nervous since he will have to face her later this year when she moderates a debate.Featured image via screen capture",0
4771, Liberal Nobel Prize Winning Economist: Hillary Clinton Is MORE Liberal Than Obama,"Over the last decade or so, a handful of people have become what you might call economic rock stars, at least for liberals. Robert Reich, Paul Krugman and Joseph Stiglitz grab the attention of liberals when they talk about income inequality, taking corporate influence out of politics and a more equitable tax structure.Bernie Sanders had talked about bringing on Stiglitz and Reich, if he were to win the presidency. In other words, these are men who have all the credibility in the world when it comes to evaluating political candidates and Nobel Prize winning economist Stiglitz believes that if Clinton wins, we are in for an even more liberal agenda than Obama has had.To be fair, Stiglitz is an advisor to Clinton s campaign, but he rarely tones down his progressive rhetoric, no matter who he s talking to or about. With Clinton, though, he gets quite specific in an interview with Slate Magazine. Stiglitz believes that in the years since Bill Clinton left office, the country has changed and that we are far more focused on income inequality, something he believes Hillary Clinton will do something about:Where do you situate Hillary Clinton ideologically in terms of economics?I think that s a good question. I think the world today is different from where it was 20 years ago, and the issues are being framed considerably differently. For instance, I think there s a recognition that inequality is a much bigger problem. I think she is much more concerned about more progressive taxes and dealing with tax avoidance of multinational corporations. I think she is very committed to that. I think progressives are not against trade, but they are concerned with trade agreements that are pushed by corporations, for their interests, by and for corporations. That is what we have in the form of TPP. I think it is a good thing that she has come out against that.Stiglitz also believes that the very fact that Clinton is pragmatic   something she s often criticized for on the left   will keep he on the right track:One of the progressive concerns about Clinton has been that the Clintons are enmeshed with this sort of global, financial elite through their foundation, and just through the circles they travel in.I understand those concerns, and I guess part of the answer to that is the reality of 2016 is that the Senate Banking Committee has people like Sherrod Brown, Elizabeth Warren, and Jeff Merkel, and you are not going to get through legislation that is a sell out to Wall Street. Knowing that, and knowing that she does not want to fight within her party, I think she is pragmatic enough. The criticism occurs because she s been, you might say, too pragmatic. The fact is she is pragmatic enough to know that these people will not tolerate the kind of sell-out that I think many people have seen in previous administrations. I think it is unlikely that we will get policies that stray too far from the progressive agenda.Stiglitz credits Bernie Sanders with Hillary Clinton s more progressive policies. As for Clinton compared to Obama:More conservative than Hillary, yes. I think his temperament is basically more conservative and he did not go as far on Dodd-Frank as many people wanted. He opposed some of the key provisions that eventually got in the bill.For those who are still worried that Hillary Clinton will take on the more neoliberal policies of her husband, remember that times have changed and that we are no longer a center right nation. If anything, we are center left, and Clinton knows that if she disappoints the growing progressive wing of the Democratic party, she is doomed to just one term.Featured image via JP Yim/Getty Images.",0
4772, WATCH: Giuliani Demands That Democrats Apologize For Trump’s Racist Birtherism,"You know, because in fantasyland Republicans never questioned the citizenship of America s first black president.But that s exactly what they did for years and Donald Trump led the charge by going on or calling into Fox News every chance he could in order to demand President Obama s birth certificate.It was Trump who constantly claimed President Obama was born in Kenya even though Hawaii newspapers from the time announce Obama s birth.Trump and his birther fans were finally utterly humiliated when President Obama released his birth certificate to the public.And now that birtherism is coming back to bite Trump on the ass as he tries to convince black voters that he isn t a racist.Part of the reason why black voters reject Trump is because he questioned the citizenship of President Obama simply because he is black. But Trump wants everyone to pretend he didn t say any nasty things about President Obama and Trump pawn Rudy Giuliani is demanding that Democrats apologize for Trump s birtherism.Giuliani, who has taken to forgetting about 9/11 recently, appeared on CNN with Jake Tapper on Sunday and was grilled because Trump has not apologized for his birtherism. Many African-Americans say they are still troubled by Mr. Trump having suggested over and over, falsely, that the first African-American president was born in Africa and thus ineligible to be president  Tapper began.Giuliani immediately blamed Hillary Clinton for starting the birther conspiracy, but Tapper quickly fact-checked Giuliani, which forced him to blame Clinton s campaign instead.Giuliani then attempted to portray Trump as a hero for  resolving  the conspiracy, claiming that black people  have a faulty memory. He literally thinks black people should thank Trump for being a birther.But Tapper was quick to remind Giuliani that it was President Obama who resolved the conspiracy by releasing his birth certificate in 2011 while Trump was still pushing his birtherism four years later in February 2015 when he told CPAC that he thinks the birth certificate is fake. So apparently Trump thinks it hasn t been resolved, thus blowing Giuliani s claim out of the water. Should he just apologize for this if he really wants to reach out to minority voters?  Tapper asked.Giuliani replied by demanding that Democrats apologize for calling Trump s birtherism racist and went on to bash President Obama. If everybody apologized for all the things they said in politics, all we would be doing on television shows is apologizing. Maybe all the Democrats should apologize for calling Donald Trump a racist and calling him all kinds of terrible names and it gets a little silly. Food stamps have gone up two and a half times under Barack Obama,  he added.  He should be ashamed of himself. Jobs should have gone up two and a half times. My only point is that many African-Americans are still mad about Donald Trump having tried to invalidate Barack Obama by claiming he was born in Africa,  Tapper responded before giving up and moving on.Here s the video via YouTube:Giuliani seems to be forgetting that the recession that began under George W. Bush and the Republicans in 2008 caused more families to need food stamps in the first place, which is why the number of people on food stamps has gone up. Also, President Obama has set a record for the most consecutive months of jobs created and is actually one of the best job-creating presidents over the last 40 years.Once again, Giuliani gets caught talking out of his ass and he must be truly desperate if he is resorting to demanding an apology from Democrats for Trump s racism.Featured Image: Screenshot",0
4773, REPORT: Priebus Withdraws Plans To Prop Trump Up After Hearing His Hateful Immigration Speech,"Republican National Committee Chairman Reince Priebus keeps trying to put lipstick on his pig of a presidential nominee. However, he is quickly learning that it just isn t working. Reportedly, Priebus had planned to use the RNC s Twitter account to heap praise upon Trump following his immigration speech. However, as we all know by now, the speech turned out to be a disaster.It was full of nativist, hateful, anti-immigrant rhetoric and renewed talk of so-called  deportation forces,  as well as language that re-enforced the idea that immigrants are taking over the country and killing Americans. In other words, it was nothing but piece after piece of red meat for his racist, ignorant, hateful base of already-won white supporters. Hell, he even had surrogates whose children had been killed by undocumented immigrants making the rounds in the news media the next day.However, the speech backfired. So much, in fact that half of Trump s Hispanic Outreach Advisory Board is either reconsidering or outright withdrawing their support (well, at least the ones who aren t afraid of  taco trucks on every corner ). To that end, Priebus was unable to do as he had planned and try and make Trump s immigration speech look good and presidential to the American people.When will Reince Priebus, Paul Ryan, and all the rest of the GOP leadership learn? Trump might have won that nomination fair and square, but that doesn t mean he is qualified for the job of President of the United States. Donald Trump is like a toddler that Priebus and Ryan and all the rest are trying to potty train   he ll do well and poop in his training pot here and there, but for the most part, he still takes his biggest dumps in his pull-ups, and they have to clean it up.Well, there s no cleaning this one up, boys. Trump s a racist demagogue, a charlatan who is unfit to hold the office he seeks, and nothing you tell the American people, nothing he reads from any teleprompter, can change that.Featured image via Aaron P. Bernstein/Getty Images",0
4774, Detroit Mayor Blasts Trump’s ‘Phony’ Black Church Visit,"Donald Trump, knowing that his poll numbers with black voters are abysmal, decided to spend part of his Saturday at a black church, Detroit s Great Faith International Ministries. However, it could not be more clear that he was in no way wanted there. Firstly, protesters showed up in throngs to condemn his visit, and then, the Democratic mayor, Mike Duggan, held a press conference slamming Trump s presence in his city. Duggan said: I feel like I m watching the next season of  The Apprentice.' This is the most phony major party nominee that I ve seen in my lifetime, and that s why we re skeptical. Trump s visit included a conversation with the church s Bishop, Wayne Jackson, and remarks to the congregation about how he supposedly will help African Americans (or perhaps just his way of saying how much he loves  the blacks ). Duggan, however, saw through the charade, and said of Trump s pandering: Are you here just to use Detroiters as props in a re-imaging campaign, or are you here to have a real conversation where you re finally going to give us the specifics on what you re going to do to make American cities better? Another local Democratic lawmaker, Rep. Brenda Lawrence, joined Duggan in his condemnation of Trump. She made a point of reminding everyone of the insulting language Trump uses when speaking of African Americans in his so-called  outreach.  Rep. Lawrence said: He said when he sees an African American that I am broke, I am unemployed, I m uneducated, and whenever I walk out my door I m being shot. What do I have to lose?  I don t want my grandchild to listen to the rhetoric that she, as a woman and as an African-American, is classified and stereotyped as uneducated. Of course, both Duggan and Lawrence are right. Trump is absolutely clueless. This visit, like all of his other events that are done anywhere except in front of all white audience where he s shouting about minorities and dog whistling racists, is nothing more than a photo-op, a way to gain a few votes from the gullible, and most importantly to make sure that suburban white America thinks he is just not racist enough for them to be able to vote for him with a clear conscience.Featured image via Aaron P. Bernstein/Getty Images",0
4775, Longtime GOP Consultant Throws His Party Under The Bus By Explaining Voter ID Laws,"A longtime Republican consultant, Carter Wrenn, has finally said what the rest of the GOP won t about voter ID laws. In-person voter fraud is an excuse, and the laws that force people to obtain certain identification, along with limiting or eliminating early voting and other provisions, wouldn t happen if the black community would just vote Republican.You can t make this up. Wrenn told the Washington Post: Look, if African Americans voted overwhelmingly Republican, they would have kept early voting right where it was. It wasn t about discriminating against African Americans. They just ended up in the middle of it because they vote Democrat. So it was about discriminating against African-Americans. How on Earth does Wrenn get from  If African Americans voted overwhelmingly Republican  to,  This wasn t about discrimination?  There s no way to make that leap of logic without an awful lot of crazy gymnastics.Basically, Wrenn just admitted that Republicans wouldn t push down the black community if the black community would just do what Republicans want. Republicans would probably be all for fixing inner cities, passing jobs bills, passing crime bills, ensuring the social safety net isn t gutted, and more, if the black community voted Republican. But, since they don t, fuck  em. The GOP has to protect its majorities, after all.Wake County, in North Carolina, the state whose voter ID law Wrenn was discussing, says that more early voting would just waste tax dollars and cause additional chaos. Excuses, excuses, and flimsy ones at that. All the county boards in North Carolina are Republican under state law because the governor is a Republican. They re apparently all on his side with rationalizing away their blatant discrimination any way they can.The Supreme Court refused to grant a stay on a lower court s decision that North Carolina s law was crafted with the specific intent of suppressing the black vote. Governor Pat McCrory threw a livid fit, saying that the Court had denied basic voting rights to North Carolina that other states are allowed to enjoy.It s really the state that s trying to deny basic voting rights to their black community, all in the name of  preventing voter fraud,  and protecting  one person, one vote.  McCrory has his lies all lined up in a neat little row, though, and will use them, one after the other, for as long as he has to.The GOP needs to clean its own house before they cry about voter fraud. Their standard-bearer s own campaign CEO is guilty of attempting voter fraud, which just makes them utter hypocrites for tolerating that and whining up a storm about the need to prevent voter fraud.But don t call them racist, and don t call these laws racist! The GOP has this strange need to convince itself that this isn t about racism. Consider this, though: even if it truly wasn t about racism, they re still working to actively deny people their constitutional right to vote. Wrenn just damned his party with that interview.Featured image by Mario Tama/Getty Images",0
4776," Donald Trump PROMISES To Break Federal Law, Force Public Schools To “Teach Patriotism” (VIDEO)","In a speech to the American Legion, the largest veteran organization in the country, Donald Trump alarmingly went full fascist when he promised to  promote pride and patriotism in American schools.  When you add that to his attacks on the press, support of nationalists, quoting of dictators, and lack of support for the freedom of speech, the picture that is painted is very clear.The troubling remarks began early in his speech: I want to begin by discussing one goal that I know is so important to all of you: promoting American pride and patriotism in America s schools.In A Trump Administration, I plan to work directly with the American Legion to uphold our common values and to help ensure they are taught to America s children. We want our kids to learn the incredible achievements of America s history, its institutions, and its heroes.We will stop apologizing for America, and we will start celebrating America.We will be united by our common culture, values and principles   becoming One American Nation. And if you re one of many parents who have trouble with children mindlessly repeating the pledge of allegiance   many of whom don t know what the words  pledge  and  allegiance  mean   he s got bad news for you, specifically: That flag deserves respect, and I will work with American Legion to help to strengthen respect for our flag   and, by the way, we want young Americans to recite the Pledge of Allegiance. In other words, Trump wants right-wing nationalist propaganda in public schools. That s probably because Republicans have a serious problem with history, and an even bigger problem with teaching it to kids. After all, they might learn that the United States is not inherently morally superior and beyond reproach by definition! That s why in 2014, House Republicans actually expressed their displeasure with, you know, facts, and passed a resolution saying they don t approve of high school AP History. Seriously.The following Al Franken quote comes to mind: You have to love your country like an adult loves somebody, not like a child loves its mommy. And right-wing Republicans tend to love America like a child loves its mommy, where everything Mommy does is okay. But adult love means you re not in denial, and you want the loved one to be the best they can be. That s not the only reason Trump s idea is a bad one. It s also illegal. As Military Times points out:Public schools nationwide are funded by their local communities along with some state money. Most schools receive little federal funding.Current federal law prohibits the federal government from exercising  any direction, supervision, or control over the curriculum, program of instruction, administration, or personnel of any educational institution, school, or school system. Good luck with that, Trump.You can watch the full video of his speech below:Featured image via Ralph Freso/Getty Images",0
4777, CNN Reporter DESTROYS Trump Surrogate’s ‘Birtherism’ Lies With Pure Facts (VIDEO),"Trump supporter Scottie Nell Hughes has made some moronic comments in the past, and it s epic every time she gets called out on it. Just days after she got slammed for her comments on gun violence, Hughes got fact-checked AGAIN on CNN by news anchor Poppy Harlow and activist Bakari Sellers.Commenting on Trump s horrendous standing amongst minorities, Harlow noted that Trump is doing worse in this area than even third party candidates. Hughes tried to defend the Republican nominee, stating that Trump holds rallies  all over the country  and that the  doors are open  to everyone. In actuality, Trump usually holds his rallies in mostly-white areas, and has kicked out his own supporters for having dark skin in the past.Making a reference to Trump s recent pathetic attempt to appeal to the African American community, Sellers told Hughes that Trump wouldn t be getting a  participation trophy  just because he happened to visit one black neighborhood during his whole campaign. Sellers said: I know that many surrogates and many supporters of Donald Trump like to take the man away from his baggage, but you cannot sit here and not remember that Donald Trump is the one who supported the  Birther  movement   and just yesterday in Philadelphia he refused to even apologize for it. To drive his point home, Sellers brought up the fact that Trump hadn t wanted to have black tenants in New York City, along with Trump s infamous full-page ad that called for the death penalty for the Central Park Five decades ago. Hughes countered this by saying that Trump s racist housing woes were probably 30, 35 years ago  and  obviously Mr. Trump addressed it.  Then, she accused the press of trying to  trap him in different aspects. Hughes continued on to say that even though former KKK leader David Duke had endorsed Trump, Clinton s endorsement by  California grand dragon KKK leader today  was worse. She said: Hillary Clinton has yet to disavow him, so there s ties on both sides. Harlow tried to grasp just what Hughes was trying to say, and she asked her to clarify. Hughes responded, I m saying that Hillary Clinton has actually stronger ties, that has not disavowed a KKK endorsement. Sellers jumped in and defended the former Secretary of State: Scottie and any other surrogate and Donald Trump himself are going to have an extremely hard time with this argument. I think they re actually going down the wrong path that somehow Hillary Clinton is the bigot in this situation, or has some racist past or racist history, because that s simply not the case. Then, Hughes made the mistake of trying to accuse Clinton of being involved in the Birther movement during the 2008 campaign. Unable to stand this insanity any longer, Harlow jumped in and shut the whole thing down. She said: Scottie, that is not factual. That is not factually correct. Hillary Clinton never questioned the birthplace of Barack Obama when she was running against him. Trump, on the other hand, has   several times and continues to do so today. You can watch this brilliant moment below:Featured image via screen capture",0
4778," Fox News Hacked Phone Records, Emails Of Media Matters Journalists","The drama just never ends for poor Fox News, thanks to the shady shenanigans of Roger Ailes and Rupert Murdoch. It seems they re guilty of far more than rampant sexual harassment of female employees. Ailes loved to find out where other organizations were getting their info on Fox. To that end, he had private investigators get into the phone records of journalists, like those who work at Media Matters For America.Media Matters  official mission is to act as a watchdog on U.S. media. However, for a long time, it seemed their whole mission was to expose the dishonesty that spews forth from the lying monster that is Fox News. One such reporter, Joe Strupp, would repeatedly name anonymous Fox sources in his stories, and, well, of course Ailes couldn t have that. He had to know who these sources were (probably to harass, threaten, and then fire them for good measure).Fox News  legal minion, according to New York Magazine, hired private investigators to obtain Strupp s phone records in 2010. These weren t just phone records from the office, though. They also got hold of records from his home phone and personal cell phone through what NYMag is terming,  legally questionable means. That probably means it was illegal, but Brandi, the legal minion in question, denies that this ever happened. However, one Fox executive told NYMag anyway: This was the culture. Getting phone records doesn t make anybody blink. Even if, and when, it s illegal to do so, apparently.Bradley Beychock, president of Media Matters, spoke to the Daily Beast about these allegations. It appears that Strupp wasn t Fox s only target. According to Beychock: We know there are allegations of email and phone records being obtained, but do not know precisely how. It s part of our internal review now. He also said: We are not sure of how widespread the issue may be in regards to our employees. However, in addition to Joe Strupp there is at least one other current Media Matters colleague who we have reason to believe also had their phone records obtained. In most places, private investigators cannot obtain someone s phone records without their consent, and people rarely give their consent for that. They can also obtain a court order or a subpoena to do it. However, it s not likely Media Matters  employees even knew their communications had been hacked and given to Fox.Fox would not have wanted to wait for the courts, because chances were they knew the courts would shoot them down. This smacks of a company that hopes they could do this without getting caught.At this point, Fox News and its parent, 21st Century Fox, are in way too deep. Their, ahem, questionable business practices are fireballing them right into hell. As Crooks and Liars asked at the end of their story, how far are Murdoch & Co. willing to go to clean this all up?Featured image by Frederick M. Brown/Getty Images",0
4779, Trump’s Own Running Mate Just Put Him To SHAME With A Simple Promise,"In an appearance on NBC s  Meet the Press,  Mike Pence promised to do something that people have clamored for Trump to do for months. It s simple   he plans to release his tax returns. Within the next week. Which is far sooner than anything we can ever expect from The Donald.Of course, despite shaming the hell out of his running mate like this, Pence still had to say that Trump will make good on his promise, too: Donald Trump and I are both going to release our tax returns. I ll release mine in the next week.Donald Trump will be releasing his tax returns at the completion of an audit. What baloney; the audit is an excuse. Trump can release his tax returns despite the audit, he just won t. Richard Nixon, arguably our most dishonest president ever, released his returns under audit. Apparently, though, Trump hiding them and being as opaque as possible is on the advice of an adviser. It s not hard, however, to believe this adviser would tell him,  Don t release any information that makes you look bad in any way.  Yet much of the public is wondering what he s hiding in there, including many in his own party.Both Hillary and her running mate, Tim Kaine, have already released their tax returns, further shaming the Trumpmeister. That s expected, though. One hardly expects one s own running mate to do the same thing.Hillary and Bill Clinton paid an effective tax rate of just over 43 percent. Maybe Trump is worried how much of the world will see how he evades taxes, or that he s lied about being able to get away with paying a very low tax rate. Or both. In that very vein, Trump himself has rather hypocritically said: So you know if you re running, at a minimum, probably you re going to have to show your returns. If you didn t see the tax returns you would think there s almost like something wrong, what s wrong. So what s wrong with the Donald that he won t release his tax returns? He s eating his own words. The fact that his own running mate is willing to do this, while he himself is not, is laughable at best. No doubt they think this will bring some credibility back to their campaign, but it will also make lots of people turn back to Trump and say,  Show us your taxes, now that your own running mate has done it! Of course Pence tried to cover for that, but either he is lying through his teeth and has no intention of releasing his returns next week, or he s about to make Trump look really, really bad.Featured image by Bill Pugliano/Getty Images",0
4780, Detroit Reverend BLASTS Trump’s ‘Scam’ He Just Tried To Pull On Voters (VIDEO),"Donald Trump s visit to a historically black church in Detroit, Michigan on Saturday is being met with fierce condemnation from black leaders. Reverend Wendell Anthony is one of those leaders who is calling out Trump. On Saturday, Anthony, who is the head of the Detroit NAACP chapter, appeared on CNN where he derided the entire visit as a  scam. This is nothing more than a ruse. This is a scam,  Anthony said during the segment.  Mr. Trump is seventy years old, I believe. That election now is less than seventy days from now. It s gonna take a whole lot of conjecture and whole lot of programming to undo what has been done. Anthony is correct. Trump has polling numbers so low with voters of color that it seems almost absurd at this point to try and win them over so close to the election. Considering Trump s support from white supremacist groups, and his recently solidified multi-media brand promotion deal relationship with the reactionary media site Breitbart, which has historically upheld white supremacist positions, there isn t a snowball s chance in hell those numbers will go up. In fact, since Trump began his new strategy of begging voters of color to take a chance on him, his polling numbers with the voting bloc have plummeted even further.Then there s also this long list of reasons that Anthony lists off: Before you talk about the can-do, let s talk about the undo,  he continued.  Let s undo what Mr. Trump has done. Part of what he said is that we need to unite the country. Well his policies, or lack thereof, his commentary, his rhetoric, is doing no more than dividing this nation. When you talk about  I don t want black people counting my money,  or rather have  short folk with yarmulkes counting my money    that s divisive! It s rather amusing to see someone whose entire political career thus far has been made possible by the far right s racism and xenophobia try and pander to voters of color. There s also something sad about it. Very sad!You can watch the video below.Featured image from video screenshot",0
4781, When Asked If Trump Learned Anything In Detroit Ben Carson LITERALLY Runs Away (VIDEO),"As you are probably aware, Donald Trump decided to pop into Detroit for an ill-advised attempt to form a false, vote-getting connection with the African-American community. Currently, the Donald is doing worse with minorities than even Mitt Romney did during his presidential run against Barack Obama, and his previous outreach efforts   telling African-Americans they are poor, uneducated, and have nothing to offer the world   as well as his tight connections with the Ku Klux Klan and other white supremacist groups are not doing him any favors.After Trump s embarrassing, scripted interview with a Detroit pastor was leaked, Trump knew he had to step it up. So he went out into the community to visit the neighborhood of his former rival-turned-paid-servant Ben Carson (yes, the one in which he tried to stab someone only to be thwarted by a belt buckle). CNN caught up with Carson after Trump left and asked him what was apparently a difficult question. We just saw Mr. Trump here and I asked him how did it go and he said  Great.  He said he learned a lot of things. What do you think he took away from today?  CNN reporter Jeremy Diamond asked.That s right   he asked Carson if Trump learned something from spending a few minutes around black people. This led Carson to have a  Rubio moment,  but with luggage rather than a water bottle. Carson s face twisted into a look of concern, then terror:Then he walked away, successfully avoiding the question.How did Donald Trump do during his visit? Not only was the church he visited virtually empty, but one woman who lives in Carson s childhood home told the Detroit Free Press that Trump s visit was clearly a photo-op. Her takeaway from his obvious and meaningless attempt to pander to the African-American community while offering nothing substantive is that people should  vote Democratic. Watch Carson run away below:https://twitter.com/ditzkoff/status/772118873231482880/video/1Featured image via screengrab",0
4782, Gingrich Seriously Thinks Trump Could Get More Black Votes ‘Than Any Republican In Modern Times’,"Former House Speaker and Trump supporter Newt Gingrich has gone completely delusional, having somehow convinced himself that Donald Trump could somehow manage to get more of the Africa American vote  than any Republican in modern times. (Go ahead and laugh, I ll wait.) Donald Trump is the first Republican I can remember who is explicitly saying to the African-American community,  Things can be better, but not with Democrats in charge,'  Gingrich said during an interview with Fox News. If [Trump] continues to say it, and if he has the courage to go back to places like Chicago and say it, I think he s going get far more votes from the black community than any Republican in modern times. The GOP nominee has kicked off  minority outreach  efforts in recent weeks, but by all accounts, this has done him little if any favors. Trump s grand scheme so far has been to say that people of color should vote for him because their lives suck so bad that they don t really have anything to lose anyway, so why not give him a shot and see what happens. Mind you, he has primarily said this to predominately white crowds, which has also drawn criticism.On Saturday, Trump attended a service at a black church in Detroit, which turned out to be as much of a failure as the rest of his attempts to pander to African Americans. The bigoted billionaire s speech was carefully scripted, but judging by the empty church, nobody really wanted to hear his schpeel anyway. However, looking at how many protesters turned out for the event, it is pretty clear that nobody is buying his latest line of bullsh*t.Watch Gingrich lose all touch with reality, here:[youtube https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YZK_mNHZqZU]Featured image via video screen capture",0
4783, WATCH: Trump Awkwardly Panders To Empty Black Church So White People Will Vote For Him,"Trump has recently caught on to the fact that there just aren t quite enough angry white guys and open racists to get him elected, and has decided to strike a more moderate tone   sometimes   in an effort to have broader appeal. If you believe the Trump camp, he s honestly trying to court the vote of black Americans. For those of us that weren t born yesterday, it s pretty obvious what the real goal is here: He s trying send a message to the  not racist  white voters at home that it really is morally acceptable to vote for him, promise!And it s pretty obvious black people aren t buying it, either. Trump has made headlines today for a highly publicized photo op at an African-American church ( This is the first African-American church he s been in y all,  Bishop Jackson said, as he introduced him) but apparently, a significant percentage of the congregation stiffed him. There were also protests outside, and inside, the building was nearly empty, as shown in this Tweet by Politico s Shane Goldmacher: Nowhere near a full crowd as Trump enters (far left) pic.twitter.com/kL1AlVukG4  Shane Goldmacher (@ShaneGoldmacher) September 3, 2016Even for this photo op, Trump was not fully able to turn the racism off, however. His speech, obviously written by someone else, was full of subdued tones and pandering, but this video clip by ABC News probably sums it up best:  .@realDonaldTrump:  A lot of people don t realize  Abraham Lincoln was a Republican https://t.co/q9Gu8G8cMw https://t.co/i4kQQ7cPF2  ABC News Politics (@ABCPolitics) September 3, 2016Because if you re black and from Detroit, what are the chances you know anything about American history, amiright? Twitter promptly let Trump have it for that one and rightly so: @ABCPolitics @realDonaldTrump @ABC Lincoln is spinning in his grave like Linda Blair from the exorcist head spun Lmao  Michael Sanders (@michael514514) September 3, 2016 This and other idiotic statements in,  Donald Trump s Condescending Speeches  on sale this Tuesday near you! @ABCPolitics @realDonaldTrump  Yankeesfan66 (@Rangersfan66) September 3, 2016@ABCPolitics @realDonaldTrump @ABC Yes, Don. They probably don t know anything about American history because they re black. #ConAmerica  Daniel Kucera (@adlerdrive) September 3, 2016 .@realDonaldTrump:  A lot of people don t realize  Abraham Lincoln was a Republican https://t.co/q9Gu8G8cMw https://t.co/i4kQQ7cPF2  ABC News Politics (@ABCPolitics) September 3, 2016Other than tweeting the event, Goldmacher also wrote an article for Politico that highlights the church visit:Chuck Westbrook, a lifelong Detroit resident who attended the service, said Trump s tone here was unfamiliar,  like a weak little whisper from Donald Trump. Westbrook said Trump would struggle to cut into Clinton s overwhelming support among African-Americans.  Her track record is so long with black people,  he said, mentioning her work for children in the 1970s.  Donald Trump hasn t done anything for black people in 30 years. As I said, Trump s not fooling anybody. And to you conservative-leaning white people that aren t racist and have felt better about voting for Trump over the last week of his  outreach,  don t. He s still as racist and repugnant as always, and the fact that his  outreach  has consisted of assuaging the doubts of suburban whites makes his racism insidiously worse than ever.Featured image via screen capture",0
4784, Black Religious Leaders DENOUNCE Trump As The Fraud That He Is,"Donald Trump recently attended a conservative, black church in Detroit in an effort to reach out to black voters. As expected, it was an embarrassment, and the black community was not fooled by Trump s pandering photo-op.Perhaps one of the mast damning of all criticism comes from across the board religious leaders, all of them black, from the Detroit metropolitan are. They all had the same message for Trump   we aren t fooled.The Council of Baptist Pastors of Detroit and Vicinity penned a scathing letter signed by representatives of 10 different Christian denominations on Saturday, blasting the opportunism of the Trump campaign and its brazen language and exploitation:We   have been avoided and overlooked in regards to the upcoming appearance of Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump in Detroit   Racism, bigotry, misogyny, hate speech, sexism, divisiveness, threats, a call to harm, discrimination, bullying, and fearmongering have no place in the White House in the greatest country in the world.In addition to the Baptist leadership, representatives from the Metropolitan Organizing Strategy Enabling Strength; the Michigan chapter of Church of God in Christ; the Evangelical Lutheran, and Episcopal Church all signed on.In total, these religious organizations represent over 200 African-American churches in southeastern Michigan alone.The president of the Baptist Pastor s council, Rev. Lawrence Glass, blasted Trump as an insult to the African Americans and minorities, saying his attacks on Muslims, immigrants and Hispanics.Glass also pointed out that Trump  has no history of helping minorities, of going to the inner city to help out people of color  He has done absolutely nothing,  and  He wants us to believe him  He must think we re really, really naive and ignorant of his past practices. Although these churches and their leaders have a huge  disdain  for Trump, they have said that doesn t necessarily mean they re all in for Hillary Clinton.The chairman of Detroit Ecumenical Ministers, the Rev. Horace Sheffield, accused Trump of using blacks as  political props. Trump and his campaign thought they could trick black voters into supporting him by appealing to their religious convictions. Unlike the rabid, faux Christian evangelicals represented by people like Billy Graham and Michele Bachmann, black religious leaders actually follow by example. And Trump certainly does not fit their mold.Here s an important reminder for Trump: the most religious group in America are black women. Black women are also Democratic voters, and for good reason. They aren t so easily tricked by a predatory white nationalist.Another Trump  pivot  gone horribly wrong.Featured image via Mario Tama/Getty Images",0
4785, Reporter Presses Trump On Birther Conspiracy And Trump Cannot Handle It (VIDEO),"Only but a few years ago, during far simpler times, Donald Trump s biggest accomplishment in politics was his amplification of the birther conspiracy. The right-wing conspiracy alleges that President Obama is not qualified to be the president of the United States because he was not born on U.S. soil. It s a ridiculous conspiracy that resulted in the Tea Party demanding that President Obama release his birth certificate to the public.Trump has been all but silent on the matter since he began his campaign. Now that he is currently the second likeliest person in the world to replace Mr. Obama, people are eager to hear if Trump still believes in the conspiracy theory.On Friday, Trump made a stop in Philadelphia, where he was set to pander to the African-American community.WPVI news anchor Matt O  Donnell questioned Trump on his past views regarding President Obama and the birther movement. You don t talk about the birth certificate anymore, says O  Donnell.  Do you regret even bringing it up? Trump responds by saying,  I don t talk about it anymore. I don t talk about it anymore. O  Donnell then presses Trump.  Do you regret bringing it up back then? I told you, I don t talk about it anymore,  Trump says.That appears to be as close to an answer as the public gets concerning Trump s thoughts on the matter. It seems as if Trump knows just exactly how absurd the affair was, yet cannot admit as much, due to not wanting to alienate his conspiracy theory minded, Tea Party base.You can watch the interview below: Featured image from video screenshot",0
4786, Detroit’s Black Voters Show Trump They Aren’t Fooled By His So-Called ‘Outreach’,"Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump knows that his numbers with African American voters are historically terrible. That is why he finally bit the bullet and decided to visit a Black church on Saturday. While it seems that the congregation of that church showed grace and class and listened to Trump s message regardless of their personal feelings about him   after all, he was a guest in their church   people outside let Trump know just how unwelcome he was in their city as he left the church. They had even begun arriving before Trump was anywhere near the place, with chants of  This is our neighborhood! More protesters arrive at Detroit church where Trump will be: ""This is our neighborhood!"" pic.twitter.com/AHozubzsjR  Jacob Rascon (@Jacobnbc) September 3, 2016Protesters, many of whom bore signs saying,  No hate in the White House,  chanted  go home, Trump  upon his exit. Here is video of some of that activity, via The Hill:More protesters arrive at Detroit church where Trump will be: ""This is our neighborhood!"" pic.twitter.com/AHozubzsjR  Jacob Rascon (@Jacobnbc) September 3, 2016Now, personally, as a black woman, I am insulted that Trump is even trying to appeal to us. His history of racism is lengthy and well-documented. He is just doing what he always does   pandering to whatever audience he is speaking to at any given moment. He s just as much of a bigot as ever. He simply knows that he cannot win without the minority vote, so, two months out from the election, he s trying to get at least some of them.Do not be fooled, folks. This guy doesn t care about anyone but himself.Featured image via screen capture",0
4787, WATCH: One Of Trump’s Biggest Supporters Is Outed As A Complete Fraud On The Air,"The right-wing pastor who posted a cartoon of Hillary Clinton in black-face just got his a** handed to him by CNN.Pastor Mark Burns has been one of Donald Trump s biggest cheerleaders. On his church website, he bragged about his military experience in the Army and claimed that he graduated from North Greenville University with a Bachelor of Science.The only problem is that neither of those claims are even remotely true, which means Burns has been lying to his congregation and the American people.During an interview with CNN host Victor Blackwell, Burns was taken by surprise when called out for posting false information about himself.When asked if he attended the university, Burns said that he had, but then Blackwell confronted Burns about the claim on his website that he actually graduated. As it turns out, Burns only attended for one semester.Burns whined and claimed that the interview was supposed to be  off the record,  but Blackwell made it clear that he  didn t agree to that. Burns continuing complaining and accused Blackwell of character assassination. This is not fair at all,  Burns whined.  I thought we were doing a profile and all of a sudden you re here to try to destroy my character. I m not here to destroy your character,  Blackwell said before getting back to the results of CNN s investigation.Blackwell proceeded to grill Burns and revealed that not only did Burns not graduate from North Greenville University, he didn t serve six years in the Army either. He only briefly served in the National Guard.Here s the video via YouTube.Burns later released a statement claiming that he only lied in his biography because he wanted to be taken seriously as a pastor. As a young man starting my church in Greenville, South Carolina, I overstated several details of my biography because I was worried I wouldn t be taken seriously as a new pastor. This was wrong. I wasn t truthful then and I have to take full responsibility for my actions. Burns, who has raked in the money as a televangelist, has built his empire on a foundation of lies that automatically disqualifies him from serving as a so-called  man of God. This man lied to become a pastor and he has been lying to his congregation ever since.But Burns could not even take full responsibility for his sins as he blamed the media and claimed that he is only being outed because he is a black man who supports Donald Trump. I do also want to set the record straight about why this attack is happening   because I am a black man supporting Donald Trump for president. For too long, African-American votes have been taken for granted by Democratic politicians, and enough is enough. So Burns literally played the race card, which something conservatives hypocritically often claim that liberals do.So not only is Burns a liar, he s a hypocrite and one has to wonder what else he is hiding.Featured Image: Stephen Maturen/Getty Images",0
4788, WATCH: Colbert Found Trump’s Pro-Police Brutality Cop He Won’t Stop Talking About,"As Twitter so perfectly demonstrated, Republican presidential nominee Donald trump has a problem with citing his sources. One example of this is his recent claim that he met with a  top cop  in the Chicago Police Department who said that police officers need to have more freedom to be  tougher  with suspected criminals. All I know is this,  Trump said.  I went to a top police officer in Chicago, who is not the police chief, and I could see by the way he was dealing with his people, he was a rough, tough guy, they respected him greatly. The claim appears to be a total fabrication by Trump, as the Chicago PD denies any knowledge of such a meeting occurring.The claim provided the Late Show all the material they needed for a hilarious lesson on the importance of being able to cite your sources when making claims on the campaign trail.Colbert says that the Late Show did some digging and found the police officer who Trump claims to have spoken to. That s when Colbert introduces  Officer Rod Johnson  to the audience. Officer Johnson, who is a  rough tough cop  that  isn t afraid to get down and dirty  says that he told Trump that,  there are some naughty people out there who need to be in cuffs. The segment concludes with the Officer Johnson tearing off his clothes and dancing to music. Officer Johnson then says,  Stephen, you have the right to remain sexy. This is what happens when you say controversial things that you cannot back up with any facts.You can watch the segment below in full.Featured image via video screen capture",0
4789, Trump’s Kids Thought They Could Post This Without The Internet Perfectly Mocking Them (TWEETS),"Seldom in life are you set up so perfectly with a joke that you wonder if the moment could actually be real, but on Friday evening Donald Trump Jr. gave the internet a gift. In an effort to try and look cool and appear to be part of the  outsider  campaign of his father, Trump Jr. posted a pic of himself, his brother Eric and sister Ivanka:This election is not about Republican vs Democrat it's about insider vs outsider. It's time for a change in DC! # pic.twitter.com/0wYBx8DOsp  Donald Trump Jr. (@DonaldJTrumpJr) September 2, 2016Now, if your first reaction wasn t that it looks like a compilation of 1990s movie villains, maybe it was one more like one of these brilliant remixes. Twitter users definitely just had way too much fun, and we re all eternally grateful:pic.twitter.com/67xufVir1f  Clara Jeffery (@ClaraJeffery) September 3, 2016pic.twitter.com/EneCCVx5Mn  jon gabriel (@exjon) September 3, 2016fixed it pic.twitter.com/NejaqyI3CF  Ashley Feinberg (@ashleyfeinberg) September 3, 2016Fixed it pic.twitter.com/JrZ6IBwVye  Roberto Baldwin (@strngwys) September 3, 2016Obligatory #theylive. pic.twitter.com/y0ksKqhSHL  Bryant Frazer (@deep_focus) September 3, 2016Fixed it for you, @DonaldJTrumpJr. Stay gold, ponyboy. pic.twitter.com/PdDeTwrEi1  Lee Zachariah (@leezachariah) September 3, 2016My personal favorite:The new Children of the Corn movie looks terrifying. pic.twitter.com/12CkPi6tB4  pourmecoffee (@pourmecoffee) September 3, 2016Honestly, these perfect mockeries of the trio could go on and on and on for days. It s really unclear what they were trying to attempt to do by posting this image in the first place. Maybe they really are just like their dad and think they are too cool for school and don t ever realize how ridiculous they actually are. Who s to really know for sure?However, God bless the internet and all it s been bringing to this current crazy election. It s bringing a sense of sanity to what, most definitely, feels like an insane world. Well done.Featured image via Twitter",0
4790, WATCH: Sexist Breitbart Editor Gets His A** Handed To Him By ABC Reporter,"Breibart editor Milo Yiannopoulos is the obnoxious little twerp who got banned from Twitter for inciting his fans to viciously attack comedian Leslie Jones in an effort to humiliate her.Now karma has finally turned the tables on Yiannopoulos.During an interview with ABC s Terry Moran that will air on Nightline this Friday, Yiannopoulos was the one who got humiliated this time as Moran took this asshole who has the maturity of a 12-year-old boy to school.Yiannopoulos began by calling himself a  virtuous troll  who is  doing God s work. If Leslie Jones were right here, would you say,  You look like a dude ?  Moran asked. Yeah, probably,  Yiannopoulos replied. You would say that to her?  a disgusted Moran said.Once again, Yiannopoulos has zero remorse for his ugly attack and said he would do it again, which led to Moran smacking the Breitbart bully down. Then you re an idiot,  Moran told him.Yiannopoulos argued that he is not responsible for what his fans do even though it was his sexism and hate that made Jones a target for harassment in the first place. Does Justin Bieber have an obligation to his fans? I m sorry for being popular. But I am not responsible for what 350,000 people on the Internet say. I m responsible for what I say. Yeah, and what you said incited your fans to attack as if they were your own personal army of Internet trolls. If Justin Beiber launched a Twitter tirade against Selena Gomez that resulted in his fans attacking her, he would be responsible for it. Just like Yiannopoulos is responsible for the attack on Jones.Words have consequences and Yiannopoulos is finding that out the hard way.Moran responded by putting Yiannopoulis in his place with an epic smackdown that is incredibly enjoyable to watch. You re going to go after somebody s body to denigrate their ideas? What grade are you in? Are you a 13-year-old boy? Because somebody doesn t have a weight that you think is proper? That s revolting. And Yiannopoulos responded by being a misogynist asshole. I ll tell you what s revolting. What s revolting is the body positivity movement. What s revolting is this idea now that you can tell women that they ll be healthy at any size. Here s the video via YouTube:Trolls like Yiannopoulos should be banned from using the Internet entirely. He should not have a platform to bully others and spread his hate. And of course, he s a supporter of Donald Trump, which makes him even more of a prick. But you can bet that sexist trolls like Yiannopoulos will become even more emboldened if the Republican nominee should win in November, which makes it even more important that he lose by a humiliating landslide.Featured Image: Screenshot",0
4791," He Did It Again: With Only Months Left, Obama Makes HUGE Move To Fix The World","President Barack Obama only has a little more than five months left in his final term, a period in which other two-term leaders have simply set themselves in neutral and coasted to the finish line. Even as his presidential approval rises and the economy improves, Obama has chosen a different path on his way out.On Saturday morning the world got more evidence of his decision to get as much done in the time he has left as the U.S. and China announced a major agreement to reduce carbon emissions and combat climate change.At a ceremony on the sidelines of a global economic summit, Obama and Xi, representing the world s two biggest carbon emitters, delivered a series of documents to U.N. Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon. The papers certified the U.S. and China have taken the necessary steps to join the Paris accord that set nation-by-nation targets for cutting carbon emissions. This is not a fight that any one country, no matter how powerful, can take alone,  Obama said of the pact.  Some day we may see this as the moment that we finally decided to save our planet. Other countries need to sign on to the agreement, but America and China are the two most consequential. Both countries are responsible for 38 percent of man-made carbon emissions in the entire world. By making this agreement, the two nations are setting the tone for everyone else.Climate change, which has been verified by scientific study after scientific study, is still rejected by Republicans who are compromised by donations from big business. The current Republican presidential nominee, Donald Trump, takes this opposition to science even further with his conspiracy theory that climate change is a completely made up idea from the Chinese government.President Obama has embraced science, as have most Democrats   including Hillary Clinton. Instead of twiddling his thumbs as the situation worsens, he s chosen to do something towards the end of his presidency about a critical issue. He isn t done. Not yet.Featured image via Flickr",0
4792, Arizona Democratic Party PERFECTLY Trolls Trump And His Surrogate Over ‘Tacos On Every Corner’,"One of Trump s Latino surrogates, Marco Gutierrez, warned us of an oddly specific horror should we not elect Trump in November. Apparently, he thinks we ll have taco trucks on every corner, because his culture is very dominant and it s causing problems. Most of America seems to see this as the opposite of a problem, though, including the Arizona Democratic Party. They re going to host a taco truck on their particular corner of Phoenix this weekend.The horror. The sheer, hilarious horror of it all. Someone make them stop before others get ideas and we see more taco trucks pop up.They even changed their sign. Check it out below:.@AZDemParty updated its sign, y all. Cc @AZGOP @azcentral @realDonaldTrump pic.twitter.com/ntIUFZMQq5  YvonneWingettSanchez (@yvonnewingett) September 2, 2016Congressman Ruben Gallego (D-AZ) took the humor a step farther, and jabbed Gutierrez hard by tweeting the following: About to assert my cultural dominance. #TacoTrucks pic.twitter.com/fhUh4zdfUh  Ruben Gallego (@RubenGallego) September 2, 2016Dominating! #TacoTrucksOnEveryCorner #tacotruck pic.twitter.com/Z44bMf1tOQ  Ruben Gallego (@RubenGallego) September 2, 2016 The struggle continues. La Lucha Sigue #TacoTrucksOnEveryCorner #tacotruck pic.twitter.com/9KUz7Q4Ene  Ruben Gallego (@RubenGallego) September 2, 2016Cultural dominance complete! #TacoTrucksOnEveryCorner #tacotruck pic.twitter.com/IHWqirvOiL  Ruben Gallego (@RubenGallego) September 2, 2016Arizona isn t the only place where Trump and his surrogates are getting trolled with taco trucks. In Denver, Colorado Democrats set up a taco truck right outside of Trump s campaign headquarters there. This particular taco truck isn t just selling tacos, though. It s registering voters. And those voters will be Democratic as well.Gutierrez shot himself, and Trump, in the foot here. They can probably expect much more trolling over this, while Trump tries to warn us that these taco trucks are a mere harbinger of all the terrible things to come should Hillary get elected. Sadly for the Trump campaign, this gaffe will just be a boon for anyone who operates a taco truck, and for Americans who love tacos.Featured image via screen capture from embedded tweet",0
4793, Donald Trump Isn’t Even Paying His Top Staffers,"Donald Trump likes to brag occasionally that he runs a very frugal campaign. Supporters have said this is proof that he ll run a very frugal country, too. How is it that he regularly only spends a fraction of what Hillary spends on her campaign? A large part of it is that he doesn t pay his many of his staffers   not even his top ten staffers.That s not frugal. That s cheap.Kellyanne Conway, who became Trump s campaign manager after Paul Manafort left, hasn t been paid for her work in July, according to FEC filings. Paul Manafort wasn t paid for his work. Michael Caputo, Trump s former communications director, hasn t been paid. While a legal scholar says that it s unusual for a campaign to have volunteers at such high levels, Caputo says he was not a volunteer. Sometimes, people at high levels will opt to be unpaid, such as John Podesta, who is working on Hillary Clinton s campaign.But Caputo wasn t among staffers who may have done that. He just hasn t been paid.People at these levels usually draw a six-figure salary, so what is up with this? Contrary to Trump supporters  claims, this is not a good thing. This does not demonstrate that Trump will be the fiscal conservative they re praying for. This shows a man who s unwilling to pay people for legitimate work. People really think he s going to fight to bring the good-paying jobs back? Ha! Not bloody likely. Not if he won t even take care of his own staff.He s become a typical greedy businessman in that regard. To cut costs, hurt the people you depend on to keep your organization running. Hey, they re only people, and some people matter while others don t. If their stations are lower, they clearly don t matter.Of course, this is in addition to the gag orders that Trump makes people sign, promising not to say mean things about him upon leaving the campaign. Trump will surely treat everyone better once he s elected, though, right? Right. All he wants is to  make America great again. Or turn America into a cesspool, and then tell us that we ll call it great again and like it.Campaigns will generally rely on volunteers for low-level work, such as working phone banks and knocking on doors, mailing fliers, things of that nature. It s one thing if all of these staffers likewise agreed to be volunteers, but chances are at least some didn t, considering that Caputo didn t. That s disgraceful.Featured image via Ralph Freso/Getty Images",0
4794, What Trump Wants To Do To Your Children Would Break The Law,"Donald Trump recently gave a speech to the American Legion about the plans he has in mind for the children of America, and if he got his way it would affect every single one of them. But it would also break the law.Trump, playing to an audience with obvious military ties, brought up the idea of enforcing patriotism on children as part of the school curriculum.Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump signaled Thursday plans to seek nationwide changes to school curricula with the goal of  promoting American pride and patriotism in America s schools. In a Trump administration, I plan to work directly with the American Legion to uphold our common values and to help ensure they are taught to America s children,  Trump said, speaking at the American Legion s annual convention in Cincinnati.While the candidate argued that  We want our kids to learn the incredible achievements of America s history, its institutions and its heroes,  doing so from the presidency would, in fact, break the law.Military Times, in their coverage of Trump s remarks, points this fact out:The comments suggested a federal government intervention in the programs of locally run schools, which is prohibited under federal law.The comment is also ironic, as Trump has repeatedly claimed that he is opposed to Common Core because it supposedly imposes a top-down federal program in schools. In reality, the Common Core seeks to raise educational standards by rewarding local schools for improvements in their curriculum devised in the way they see fit, not as a top-down federal mandate.It is also unclear what brand of patriotism Trump would decide to enforce on American children. Throughout the campaign, he has advocated the idea that in his view certain races and faiths   particularly the Latino race and Muslim religion   are inferior and not worthy of Constitutional protections, when the actual Constitution makes no such distinctions. How could someone with that view seriously define patriotism for American children in all 50 states?Featured image via Flickr",0
4795, Gretchen Carlson Recorded Roger Ailes’ Sexual Harassment,"The man now advising, coaching, and strategizing with Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump, Roger Ailes, is going to be in a further world of hurt as New York Magazine reports that Gretchen Carlson taped his sexual prowess against her.According to the magazine:Taking on Ailes was dangerous, but Carlson was determined to fight back. She settled on a simple strategy: She would turn the tables on his surveillance. Beginning in 2014, according to a person familiar with the lawsuit, Carlson brought her iPhone to meetings in Ailes s office and secretly recorded him saying the kinds of things he d been saying to her all along.  I think you and I should have had a sexual relationship a long time ago, and then you d be good and better and I d be good and better. Sometimes problems are easier to solve  that way, he said in one conversation.  I m sure you can do sweet nothings when you want to,  he said another time.Now who does this sound like?For over a year Carlson had been taping these instances and now that physical evidence is known to be in existence, will Trump continue to be an apologist for Ailes? Remember that back in July, Trump took Ailes  side and expressed doubt that Carlson was telling the truth, saying,  I can tell you that some of the women that are complaining, I know how much he s helped them, and even recently. In Trump s world, if a woman is given a promotion, a job to begin with, or sustains employment, there is no possible way that her boss can be a total predator. Trump, who paints himself to be the  law and order candidate,  has been taking advice from a man who sexually harassed and coerced female employees for years.This should go over well with female voters, in which Trump has record deficits with.If there s one thing this story can tell us, it s that Ailes and Trump are two peas in the sexist pod. They both are right-wing ideologues who built empires, and they both have an aura of sleaze that surrounds and follows them.I wonder how long it will take Trump to disavow.Featured image via Rich Polk/Getty Images",0
4796," WATCH: Wife Of Trump’s Doc Goes Batsh*t CRAZY On CNN, Threatens To Call Cops","Dr. Harold Bornstein has been practicing medicine for decades, but it wasn t until Donald Trump released a special note   written by him   that he actually became known around the country. The note, which raved about Trump s health, was full of typos and unprofessional language, earning criticism from the medical community and the media.To try to clear a few things up, CNN tried to interview Bornstein outside his office, but that interview came to an abrupt spot when the eccentric doctor s wife intervened and went totally nuts. Before the interview was cut short, CNN s Drew Griffin had been asking Bornstein about his reaction to all the backlash the infamous Trump note has gotten, and tried to get some clarity on whether or not the doctor had actually written the note in five minutes, as previously suggested. Noting that many in the medical community were saying Bornstein was a lunatic, Griffin grilled Bornstein about the note, which read if elected, Mr. Trump will be the healthiest individual ever elected to the presidency. Really, it sounds like Trump wrote the note himself. Bornstein responded: Well, a lunatic doesn t have my credentials. The only thing I wanted to do in my life is practice with my father, which I managed to do for 35 years. Griffin pressed Bornstein about the unprofessional language when describing Trump s health as  astonishingly excellent    something that had raised a lot of red flags amongst analysts. Bornstein began to get uncomfortable and say he was  rushed for time  and  had people to see. CNN was allowed to continue the interview in the hallway to save Bornstein time (they weren t allowed inside because Bornstein said his wife would be furious if she caught him conducted the interview). It was only a few moments before Bornstein s wife found out what was happening, flipped out and threatened to call the police on the network.You can watch the scene unfold below:Featured image via screenshot",0
4797, Trump’s Son BAFFLED As To Why His Racist Dad’s Anti-Hispanic Talk Pisses Off Hispanics,"Following the mass exodus of Hispanic surrogates from Trump s campaign, Eric Trump is pretty confused. After all, his dad has been very, very consistent about his plans on immigration, so why would they do this to the saintly candidate? Eric seems to think that, since nothing has changed, there s no reason for Hispanic advocates to be upset.He really doesn t get it. In an appearance on Fox & Friends, he actually said: [It] is actually pretty amazing considering the speech was actually very consistent and he has been very, very consistent with his plan. It s really interesting. What s interesting is not that Hispanics are now fleeing Trump   it s that Eric thinks his consistency should resonate with them.Trump went to Mexico to meet with President Enrique Pe a Nieto after appearing to soften his position on undocumented immigrants. So is it really any wonder that this return to his angry, heartless, racist stance that Hispanics are the enemy to  real  Americans feels like a betrayal?One particular surrogate who has worked very hard to convince Latinos to vote for Trump, Jacob Monty, resigned after Trump s speech on Wednesday night. He laid it all out in his explanation for leaving: I was a strong supporter of Donald Trump when I believed he was going to address the immigration problem realistically and compassionately. What I heard today was not realistic and not compassionate. Ramiro Pena, a church pastor in Texas, likewise yanked his support, saying: I am so sorry but I believe Mr. Trump lost the election tonight. The  National Hispanic Advisory Council  seems to be simply for optics and I do not have the time or energy for a scam. Everything Trump does for minority outreach is just for show. His visit to a black church in Detroit is nothing but a show, too. He s performing for an audience because that s all he knows how to do. Being serious about this is an alien concept to him. Republicans know it and are actually trying to figure out how to reach more white people because they ve given up on Trump ever reaching minorities. His  outreach  is too little, too late, and a total lie.Eric here is wearing his blinders a little too tightly. He hopes that clarifying Trump s message to these guys will turn them around, and he actually voiced the following clueless words: It s very important to us. If you look at the Hispanic community and the Latino community, they ve largely been left behind in this country. But his father talking about splitting up families and wasting ungodly amounts of money on a wall and on deportation isn t going to leave these communities further back in the dust? Har de har har, don t make us laugh too hard. It hurts.Eric Trump should at least have an idea that a consistent message targeting and alienating a group is just going to consistently piss them off. Eventually, people get tired of hoping someone will change, and they just walk away.Featured image by Joe Raedle/Getty Images",0
4798, The Newest Clinton Email Scandal Actually PROVES There’s No Scandal,"On Thursday, the New York Times published an article entitled  Emails Raise New Questions About Clinton Foundation Ties to State Department.  Then, we read the article. Let s just say that not only is there no there there, the article literally proves the exact opposite of what they are trying to say.The lede paragraph of the article says this:A top aide to Hillary Clinton at the State Department agreed to try to obtain a special diplomatic passport for an adviser to former President Bill Clinton in 2009, according to emails released Thursday, raising new questions about whether people tied to the Clinton Foundation received special access at the department.That sounds pretty, well,  damning  is perhaps too strong a word, but the very next paragraph admits that the adviser, Douglas J. Band, didn t get the passport. Think about it, not even an adviser to the Secretary of State s very own husband, who happens to be a former President, got what he wanted out of the State Department. That s the very opposite of evidence of quid pro quo. Vox has more detail:If this proves anything at all, it s that the media is certainly not in the tank for Clinton. Actually, it was Harvard who proved that back in July:A new report released this week by Harvard Kennedy School s Shorenstein Center on Media, Politics, and Public Policy found Clinton has received far more negative coverage than any other candidate in the race thus far. The study was based on an analysis of news statements from CBS, Fox, the Los Angeles Times, NBC, the New York Times, USA Today, the Wall Street Journal, and the Washington Post.According to the study, a whopping 84 percent of Clinton coverage is negative. At that time, just 43 percent of Trump coverage was negative. The New York Times article might not be absolute proof that the media is stacked against Clinton, but when people think of the mainstream media, they certainly are at the top of most people s lists. The New York Times supposedly sets the standard, and apparently the standard in this election cycle is to manufacture controversies that, with the teeniest bit of analysis, actually disprove the controversies. Yes, that s convoluted and confusing, but that s the only way propaganda like this works.Featured image via Justin Sullivan/Getty Images. ",0
4799, WATCH: Right-Wing Pastor Falsely Credits Trump For Saving The Auto Industry In 2008,"Remember that time in 2008 when Donald Trump rode in on a white horse and personally saved the auto industry all by himself? Yeah, me neither. But one of his supporters thinks that actually happened.During an interview on CNN, Trump s favorite pastor, Darrell Scott, stunned former Detroit Mayor Dennis Archer and New Day host Alisyn Camerota by making that exact claim after trashing the Michigan city as a hellhole that only the Republican nominee can fix. Detroit is in bad shape,  Scott said.  It s in bad shape economically, it s in bad shape as far as crime is concerned, and so you have a candidate that s saying,  I want to improve the conditions of the city economically, I want to improve the condition of the city as far as crime is concerned    you can t turn a deaf ear to that, whoever it is. Archer took umbrage to Scott s characterization of the city and warned that voters should scrutinize candidates who make such promises, especially since Trump didn t give a damn about Detroit before his poll numbers imploded.Camerota asked Scott to continue, and when he did he gave Trump credit for something that President Bush and President Obama did in 2008 and 2009 respectively. You have someone saying,  I m going to be put in a position to help Detroit in the areas that it most needs help,  Scott went on.  He bailed out the auto industry. Yes, Scott really did claim that Trump save the auto industry at the height of the Great Recession.Of course, the record is crystal clear that President Bush signed the first bailout of Chrysler and General Motors. When President Obama took office the next year he did even more to help the American auto industry to stay alive and continue competing with foreign automakers.The auto industry is now fully recovered in this country and Donald Trump has absolutely nothing to do with it, something Scott realized moments later as he clumsily attempted to correct himself. I mean, he just, uh, he didn t bail out the auto industry,  Scott embarrassingly admitted.  What I m saying is, he had been working in relationship with the auto industry in order to stimulate the American auto industry. Here s the video via Twitter.Heated debate over Donald Trump s outreach to black voters https://t.co/sdqciImnC1  New Day (@NewDay) September 2, 2016Once again, a Trump supporter humiliates himself on national television by getting the facts completely wrong. At least Scott had the decency to correct himself this time.Featured Image: Getty Images",0
4800," Jared Fogle Sues Parents Of His Victim, Says It’s Their Fault She’s Screwed Up","Jared Fogle, the ex-Subway pitchman convicted of having sex with underage girls, is suing the parents of one his victims, claiming the girl s problems following the sexual abuse are their fault, not his. According to court documents that were filed on Thursday, Fogle is placing the blame for his victim s personal injuries and emotional distress squarely on the shoulders of her own parents rather than his own.The girl, who is listed as Jane Doe in court records, was secretly recorded undressing and bathing while she was in the home of Russell Taylor, who was a close friend of Fogle. Last year, Fogle pleaded guilty to viewing those tapes. He was eventually sentenced to almost 16 years behind bars for having sex with minors, as well as receiving and distributing child pornography. He was also ordered to pay $100,000 to each of the girls he had abused, including Jane Doe.In other words, there is no doubt of this pervert s guilt at this point.Earlier this year, Jane Doe sued Fogle for an additional $150,000 in damages related to his crimes against her. Fogle says her emotional distress isn t his fault at all. Nope. So who s fault is it? Her parents.In the lawsuit filed by Fogle, he alleges that the girl was depressed, had a history of drug and alcohol abuse, and was promiscuous long before he and his buddy decided to use her in their kiddie porn. He claims that Jane Doe s parents, named in court documents as  J.T. and B.T.  didn t supervise her properly. He added that mom and dad screwed her up with their own messy divorce and  abusive relationship. The outrageous and reckless conduct of J.T. and B.T. committed over a period of several years inflicted personal injuries, emotional distress and psychological injury on Jane Doe from which she will continue to suffer,  the document states.  B.T. and J.T., by their actions, caused Jane Doe to suffer from emotional distress and depression which then resulted in Jane Doe engaging in destructive behaviors, including, but not limited to alcohol abuse, substance abuse, self-mutilation, and suicidal ideation with regard to which B.T. and J.T. are liable. Because of this, Fogle is asking the court to hold Jane Doe s parents liable for their daughter s emotional distress and  all other relief the court deems proper. Featured image via Jason Merritt/Getty Images",0
4801, Legendary Humorist And Radio Host HAMMERS Trump In Devastating Open Letter,"Minnesota humorist Garrison Keillor just nailed Donald Trump in one of the best take-downs yet.Donald Trump is an insecure little man who thinks the presidency will finally make people respect him, and nobody made that clearer than Keillor, who wrote a column published on Wednesday that puts the Republican nominee in his place.Keillor begins by focusing on Trump s hat. The brim shadows your face, which gives a sinister look, as if you d come to town to announce the closing of the pulp factory,  he wrote.  Your eyes look dead and your scowl does not suggest American greatness so much as American indigestion. Keillor continued by pointing out that Trump has apparently been trying for his entire life to be liked and respected by the Manhattan elite.  The New York Times treats you like the village idiot,  Keillor wrote.  This is painful for a Queens boy trying to win respect in Manhattan When you came to Manhattan 40 years ago, you discovered that in entertainment, the press, politics, finance, everywhere you went, you ran into Jews, and they are not like you: Jews didn t go in for big yachts and a fleet of aircraft   they showed off by way of philanthropy or by raising brilliant offspring. They sympathized with the civil rights movement. In Queens, blacks were a threat to property values   they belonged in the Bronx, not down the street. To the Times, Queens is Cleveland. Bush league. You are Queens. The casinos were totally Queens, the gold faucets in your triplex, the bragging, the insults, but you wanted to be liked by Those People. This explains why Trump would throw his hat into the presidential ring. He is desperate for respect from his wealthy peers. Running for president is your last bid for the respect of Manhattan,  Keillor continued. If you were to win election, they couldn t ridicule you anymore. They could be horrified, but there is nothing ridiculous about being Leader of the Free World. You have B-52 bombers at your command. When you go places, a battalion of security guys comb the environs. You attract really really good speechwriters who give you Churchillian cadences and toss in quotes from Emerson and Aeschylus and Ecclesiastes. Keillor then went on to mock Trump over the bad month he had in August. The teleprompter is not your friend. You are in the old tradition of locker room ranting and big honkers in the steam room, sitting naked, talking man talk, griping about the goons and ginks and lousy workmanship and the uppity broads and the great lays and how you vanquished your enemies at the bank. Keillor concludes by pointing out that running for president is the hardest work Trump has ever done in his life and breaks the news to Donald that in the end he is going to lose and he won t get a damn thing he wanted. It s the hardest work you ve ever done. You walk out in the white cap and you rant for an hour about stuff that means nothing and the fans scream and wave their signs and you wish you could level with them for once and say one true thing: I love you to death and when this is over I will have nothing that I want. Donald Trump is currently imploding in the polls and his campaign continues fly off the rails even as he insists that he is winning and that everybody loves him.This is a man in serious denial and Keillor just hit him with the reality that he has always been a loser and will always be a loser.Featured image via Getty",0
4802, Trump Surrogate Warns Of ‘Taco Trucks On Every Corner’ If Hillary Wins (VIDEO),"MSNBC s Joy Reid filled on All In With Chris Hayes Thursday night, and she had a most interesting guest on. Reid was joined by Marco Gutierrez, founder of Latinos for Trump. The subject was Trump s immigration plan, but it quickly devolved into a situation of the man being racist against his own people.While trying to pimp and sell Trump s very hardline immigration stance, Gutierrez warned of his  dominant  and  imposing  culture, and how it will take over the United States if we don t do things Trump s way. He said: We need to understand this is a different time and we re having problems here. Reid, being the tough interviewer that she is, cut him off and asked,  What problems are you talking about? That s when Gutierrez responded with a shockingly racist stereotype: My culture is a very dominant culture. And it s imposing, and it s causing problems. If you don t do something about it, you gonna have taco trucks on every corner. This takes self-loathing to a whole new level. This poor guy has bought the anti-immigrant line about the brown people taking over America hook, line, and sinker. Sad, but true.As for the Trump campaign   they really need to start screening their surrogates before letting them loose on the airwaves. If they are looking to reach wider communities, this is definitely NOT the way to do it.Watching the exchange below:#TacoTrucksOnEveryCorner #inners pic.twitter.com/EEtCG5tWtV  All In w/Chris Hayes (@allinwithchris) September 2, 2016And here is the entire interview:Featured image via video screen capture",0
4803, Clinton Camp Just Obliterated Trump’s ‘Shameful’ Excuse For Black Outreach,"Hillary Clinton s camp took aim at Donald Trump and his recent efforts to lure black voters into backing him, slamming his  minority outreach  efforts as  shameful, insulting and cowardly. Marlon Marshall, Hillary for America s Director of State campaigns and Political Engagement, released a statement on Thursday in response to the latest update on Trump s upcoming visit to an African-American church in Detroit. Not only will Trump not be speaking to the congregation, but the one-on-one interview he will be having with the pastor after the service will be carefully scripted. Donald Trump s latest gimmick to act as if he cares about the black community is downright shameful, insulting and cowardly,  Marshall wrote. After 14 months of neglecting us, Donald Trump is once again dodging substantive conversations and ducking questions about the issues that impact our community. Not surprisingly, Trump s ignorance on issues like the economy, criminal justice reform, the meaning of quality health care or systemic racism, has forced him to resort to scripted conversations and staged engagements with our communities. According to the leaked script, the questions that will be asked by Bishop Wayne T. Jackson will be written in advance and the GOP nominee s answers will be carefully prepared ahead of time as well. Marshall slammed Trump for this bogus attempt at  scripted  outreach to the black community. The problem is, our community can see through this: outreach to African Americans cannot be scripted; leaders ought to be prepared to address the hard truths about race and justice in our country,  Marshall wrote. And Trump s discomfort on addressing these issues only reinforces that he s unfit to be our president. Trump s so-called  minority outreach  has not been going over as well as he hoped. What was his master plan to woo black voters and make them forget that he is endorsed by the KKK? Tell them that their lives suck so bad already that they don t have anything to lose by voting for him. Gee, I simply can t imagine why bedbugs and the Bubonic plague are polling better than Trump among blacks and Hispanics right now.Featured image via Aaron P. Bernstein/Getty Images",0
4804, Colin Kaepernick Is Not Alone Anymore – Fellow Athletes Join His Protest (IMAGES),"Colin Kaepernick has been taking a whole lot of heat since he made the decision to sit during the national anthem in protest of the way people of color are treated in the United States. On Thursday night, Kaepernick once again refused to stand while the Star Spangled Banner was sung, but this time, he wasn t the only one.Image via InstagramKaepernick was joined in his protest Thursday night by fellow 49er Eric Reid, a safety, who knelt beside the quarterback as the national anthem rang out through the stadium before they played the San Diego Chargers. Reid also serves as the representative for the player s union and has been supportive of Kaepernick all week, despite the uproar over his protest.However, it is not only his teammates who are joining Kaepernick s protest. Seattle Seahawks cornerback Jeremy Lane also sat while the national anthem was sung on Thursday night before the start of their game against the Oakland Raiders.Image via Instagram.The 49ers have played four exhibition games this year and Kaepernick has not stood for the national anthem at any of these games. Nobody seemed to notice until  his first game in uniform, which was last Friday. Kaepernick explained that he wasn t standing as a protest of the way the lives of minorities are continually snuffed out by those who are sworn to serve and protect them. He noted that the only consequence for these  murders  is a paid vacation. I am not going to stand up to show pride in a flag for a country that oppresses black people and people of color,  Kaepernick said.  To me, this is bigger than football and it would be selfish on my part to look the other way. There are bodies in the street and people getting paid leave and getting away with murder. It is good to see other teammates and professional football players standing beside Kaepernick and standing up for all African American lives in America. Hopefully, their numbers will grow and they will continue to use the national platform at their disposal to help bring awareness to the systemic racism plaguing not only the country in general but the criminal justice system in particular.Kudos to you gentlemen. Kudos to you.Featured image via Instagram",0
4805, Trump BANS Campaign Volunteers From Talking About Him FOREVER,"Campaign volunteers are key to a winning presidential campaign. Unpaid supporters are the most solid of true believers in a politician, and most campaigns would do anything to attract them and get them doing the grunt work that wins elections.Not Donald Trump.His so-called  ground game  of volunteers in swing states has been slow to catch-up with Hillary Clinton s massive operation that have been working to register voters and get them to the polls since before the primaries began last winter.But another reason Trump is behind the curve may be his own ego. It has come to light that as part of volunteering for Trump s 2016 presidential campaign, volunteers must sign an unusual non-disclosure agreement document that bars them from ever speaking about him:The Enquirer reports that the agreement  is a required part of the sign-up process for Trump Red Dialer, an online call system that connects volunteers for the Republican presidential candidate with potential voters,  and that a spokesman dodged a question about why they re necessary. We are running a state-of-the-art campaign for Mr. Trump that involves best-in-market volunteer platforms, and it is attracting thousands of volunteers who are tired of the same old Washington corruption and back room deals and are securing votes for a change in November,  Trump Ohio spokesman Seth Unger said.The contract specifies that volunteers could face financial damages if they violate the agreement by speaking about Trump. Similar agreements have been discussed before in the campaign, as one was apparently signed by former campaign manager Corey Lewandowski. The extremely expansive terms of the agreement led to him losing a book deal, and he actually could face a major lawsuit   as another former campaign staffer did, later settled   if he even criticized the campaign as part of his work as a commentator at CNN.ThinkProgress reports that by comparison, the Clinton campaign doesn t require anyone to sign anything before working for the campaign as a phone banker. Sounds like they want to win, instead of stroking the candidate s ego.Featured image via Wikimedia Commons",0
4806, Powerful Moment Between Biden And Protester Ends Up With Invitation Backstage (VIDEO),"While on the campaign trail for Hillary Clinton in Ohio, Vice President Joe Biden was talking about the dangers of a Donald Trump presidency and what that would do to the average citizen.However, while speaking, a protester started shouting at Biden about the Iraq War. And while he could have simply ignored this protester or let the crowd drown him out with chants of  Hillary!  Biden instead hushed the crowd to field his question.After Biden answered the question, the protester, still upset, let the vice president know that his friend had died. This is when Biden says: So did my son. It was a poignant moment and one that let the protester know that Biden understands what it s like to lose someone so close to you. And in an additional gesture of empathy, Biden told the protester that if he s serious about asking questions in regard to Iraq and his friend, that he can come backstage and will answer his questions.This is why we love Joe Biden. He s a man of the people.Watch the moment here:Video: Biden stumping for Clinton in OH when man protests over Iraq War:  My friend died! Biden:  So did my son.  https://t.co/zl5VPFBBUq  Bradd Jaffy (@BraddJaffy) September 1, 2016Featured image via video screen capture",0
4807, There Was Something Weird About Trump’s Hair During His Embarrassing Mexico Trip,"Boy, wasn t Wednesday an embarrassing day for Donald Trump? Not only did the low-energy GOP candidate almost sleep through his joint press conference with our neighbor to the south s president, but he managed to get caught lying about wall negotiations  and, of course, he s been  repeatedly hammered by President Enrique Pena Nieto as he continues to lie about their encounter.All in all, Trump s decision to stop by for a photo-op in Mexico was a humiliating experience both for him and America as a whole   but more for him, as his temper tantrum about brown people that he thought was a policy speech managed to lose him numerous members of his National Hispanic Advisory Council. The amount of fail involved in this operation is almost enough to make one s hair stand on end.The internet has noticed something else that might be a little more embarrassing for him than the rest of his failure of a trip, based on his history of going insane over his hair. He forgot to take the bobby pins out of the wet albino muskrat that functions as his hair before stepping onstage.Here, have a closer look: O.K., what I do is wash it with Head & Shoulders,  Trump once told Rolling Stone when asked if he has a combover.  I don t dry it, though. I let it dry by itself. It takes about an hour. Then I read the papers and things. OK, so I ve done all that. I then comb my hair. Yes, I do use a comb. Do I comb it forward? No, I don t comb it forward,  Trump continued. I actually don t have a bad hairline. When you think about it, it s not bad. I mean, I get a lot of credit for comb-overs. But it s not really a comb-over. It s sort of a little bit forward and back. I ve combed it the same way for years. Same thing, every time. One thing that was missing from that explanation was the existence of bobby pins.If Trump can t be honest with us about his hair routine, how can we know he s telling the truth when he says brown people are coming to kill and rape us, or his tax returns are unimportant, or that he has the very best people who will do the greatest things?You can see it in this video, if you hate yourself: trump bobby pins by DailyPoliticsFeatured image via screengrab",0
4808, Dwyane Wade Has Some Choice Words For Trump After Tweet About Cousin (VIDEO),"Right after Dwyane Wade s first cousin Nykea Aldridge was shot and killed in Chicago, Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump thought it was appropriate to bring the shooting back to himself and tweet out: Dwyane Wade s cousin was just shot and killed walking her baby in Chicago. Just what I have been saying. African-Americans will VOTE TRUMP! Dwyane Wade's cousin was just shot and killed walking her baby in Chicago. Just what I have been saying. African-Americans will VOTE TRUMP!  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) August 27, 2016To call the tweet in poor taste would be a severe understatement.Now, speaking up about his cousin s death and the reaction from Trump is none other than Wade himself in an interview with ABC s George Stephanopoulos.Wade said: I was grateful that it started a conversation but on the other hand, it just left a bad taste in my mouth because of what my family is dealing with and what our city of Chicago is dealing with and it looks like it s being used as political gain. Which is exactly what Trump was trying to use it for. Not out of empathy for the deceased and her family, but rather to try to bring it back to himself somehow.Right after the incident that took his cousin s life, Wade took to Twitter to say  Enough is Enough  in regards to these senseless acts of gun violence.My cousin was killed today in Chicago. Another act of senseless gun violence. 4 kids lost their mom for NO REASON. Unreal. #EnoughIsEnough  DWade (@DwyaneWade) August 27, 2016RIP Nykea Aldridge  #EnoughIsEnough  DWade (@DwyaneWade) August 27, 2016The city of Chicago is hurting. We need more help& more hands on deck. Not for me and my family but for the future of our world. The YOUTH!  DWade (@DwyaneWade) August 27, 2016These young kids are screaming for help!!! #EnoughIsEnough  DWade (@DwyaneWade) August 27, 2016Good on Wade for speaking out even during this very sad time.Watch part of Wade s interview here:Dwyane Wade says Trump s tweet following death of his cousin  left a bad taste  in his mouth https://t.co/Dkx4JDIlia pic.twitter.com/kLJ0U49pQH  ABC News (@ABC) September 1, 2016Featured image via video screen capture",0
4809, Leaked Script Shows Just How Terrified The GOP Is About Trump Actually Talking To Black People,"So Trump is going to visit a black church in Detroit this weekend, but his campaign seems to be very uneasy about it. Why else would they script answers to the pre-selected questions that Bishop Wayne Jackson will ask him? Seriously. That s what they did. The New York Times obtained a copy, and it sounds nothing like Trump.It s not uncommon for campaigns to submit pre-written questions that they want a specific interviewer to ask. It is unusual, though, for a campaign to take this step, to say nothing of involving their party s national committee in the scripting process. Trump, lauded by the crazies on the right and his campaign staff as merely  freewheeling,  and  unscripted,  reverts into racism, sexism and childish personal attacks without scripts. Of course, that has the GOP terrified.The first question that Bishop Jackson will ask, according to The Times, is,  Are you a Christian and do you believe the Bible is an inspired word of God? Trump has always had trouble with questions like that, seeing as how he s really not very Christian. He can t name his favorite Bible verses and has fallen flat on his backside when asked about his faith and the Bible. His scriptwriters hope to gloss over all of that with the following answer (if, indeed, it can be called that): As I went through my life, things got busy with business, but my family kept me grounded to the truth and the word of God. His family? Which of his three wives does that answer refer to? It s like they re trying to make evangelicals forget that he thinks wives are disposable.Anyway.They also want him to say: I treasure my relationship with my family, and through them, I have a strong faith enriched by an ever-wonderful God. Har de har har.Another question is,  What he would say to undecided black voters? This answer is more Trumpian, and less Christian than the previous because it ends with a silly lie of a boast: If you want a strong partner in this journey, you will vote for me. I will never let you down. By the way, my support is now up to 8 percent and climbing. Let s be clear: Trump s favorability rating with the black community had reached the lofty dregs of zero less than a week ago. But, this is the GOP. When the truth, or even distorted versions of the truth, don t work, lie. Then get all righteously indignant when someone has the gall to point that lie out.They want him to give this half-answer when asked what his vision is for the black community: If we are to make America great again, we must reduce, rather than highlight, issues of race in this country,  and  I want to make race disappear as a factor in government and governance.' And they want him to avoid the word  racism  altogether, even though he s likely to be asked outright whether he s racist.Interestingly enough, that script isn t the only thing the campaign is doing to keep Trump from tripping over his own tarnished-silver tongue here. The interview will air on Bishop Jackson s television network a week after it takes place so the campaign has time to edit it.Yes, they want to be able to edit it. When Trump is reading prepared remarks, he either sounds lifeless and bored, or he goes off-script anyway. So they re prepping for that very strong possibility. They need this interview to reflect what the campaign wants, and not what Trump really thinks.In short, this is the GOP trying to spin Trump s racism into something grand and good. It s also nothing but a show   it s not a real attempt at outreach, and really, why should it be? The GOP is made up of racists who must cater to the racists. They re kin, after all.Featured image by Aaron P. Bernstein/Getty Images",0
4810, White Supremacist Chases Down Black Teen And Kills Him In Oregon,"Just remember that white supremacists support Donald Trump and the Republican Party.Because if they take power in November, racists like this guy will think they have free license to kill black people at will.Earlier this month, Russell Courtier and his girlfriend Colleen Hunt stopped at a convenience store near Portland, Oregon and started a fight with 19-year-old Larnell Bruce, a young black man.Courtier has repeatedly run afoul of the law, but keeps being let out of his cage. While in prison, he became the leader of the European Kindred, a white supremacist group. Courtier had just been paroled for attacking a woman with a knife in 2013.Anyway, Courtier slammed Bruce s head into the glass window as Hunt cheered. To defend himself, Bruce pulled a knife and Courtier retreated to his Jeep. The fight should have ended there, but Courtier wanted blood, so he violated a series of traffic laws in an effort to run Bruce over.By the time police arrived it was too late. Bruce was severely injured and Courtier and his girlfriend had fled the scene. Bruce died days later at the hospital due to the severity of his injuries.Both Courtier and Hunt were later arrested and now they have been indicted for murder and will likely face charges for committing a hate crime.Frankly, this is one of those cases where law enforcement and our judicial system failed the public simply because Courtier is white. He has four felony convictions and seven misdemeanors on his record, yet he was still unleashed upon society. On the flip side, African-Americans are being shot by police in the streets for doing nothing criminal whatsoever. If Courtier were black, he d either be dead before he ever saw the inside of a courtroom or he would be imprisoned for life without the possibility of parole. He certainly would not have received as many chances for freedom as he has squandered.But Courtier is white, and now the Oregon judiciary has blood on their hands.What may be even scarier is the fact that white supremacists like Courtier are big fans of Donald Trump because they believe he ll make America white again and bring their racist cause into the mainstream.These are people who cheer for the killing of black people and are just waiting for the day when they can do so with impunity.If you want a glimpse of what Donald Trump s America would look like, the murder of Larnell Bruce by a white supremacist in the middle of an open street should tell you everything you need to know.Featured image via Multnomah County Sheriff s Office",0
4811, Madonna Has One Word To Describe Donald Trump’s Animal-Murdering Sons,"Madonna just called out Donald Trump s privileged sons and it s EPIC.The Republican nominee s sons Eric and Donald Jr. often go hunting for sport because that s what rich white assholes do with their spare time.In 2011, the douchy duo went on a safari and killed a majestic leopard that they held up like a trophy while getting their picture taken. They then posted the image on the Internet to brag about their kill because apparently they think killing an animal that is decreasing in overall population somehow makes them men.Well, Madonna has seen the picture and she is NOT impressed and she really only had one word to describe Trump s little boys. How Big of [a] Pussy Do you have to BE to kill this Noble Animal for sport?  Madonna wrote on Instagram along with the photo.  Just ask Donald Trump Jr and his brother Eric. Then she endorsed Hillary Clinton because she doesn t need to shoot animals to prove how tough she is.How Big of. Pussy Do you have to BE to kill this Noble Animal for sport? Just ask Donald Trump Jr and his brother Eric. One more reason to vote for Hilary! ???A photo posted by Madonna (@madonna) on Aug 31, 2016 at 11:23pm PDTAs mentioned above, the leopard population is decreasing and the species has been designated as  vulnerable  by the World Conservation Union, so the Trump s hunt is definitely something worth being enraged about. After all, we are witnessing a decline of many of the world s animal species and these two assholes are contributing to the problem.In addition, the brothers have killed elephants, which is an endangered species facing a catastrophic decline. And that s just the tip of the iceberg since there are photos of many other animals they have killed. Law enforcement might want to make sure two aren t serial killers, because killing animals is how that usually starts. Instead of spending their daddy s money on killing sprees, perhaps they should spend the money on making sure these animals are here for future generations to enjoy. But that would be asking a lot of these heartless pricks.Featured image via The Mirror",0
4812, Trump Foreign Policy Guru: Jesus Says ‘This Is the Last Election’ If You Don’t Vote Trump (VIDEO),"Brace yourself for this, folks. Trump foreign policy adviser Michele Bachmann has just returned from Jesusland, that little imaginary country that exists in her head where her brain should be, with some dire news. Apparently, Supreme Overlord God Jergenson (we assume that s his last name anyway) is giving the people of the United States a choice between life and death this election, Trump or Clinton   and if we don t choose  life,  well, there just won t be anymore elections. Well, I don t want to be melodramatic but I do want to be truthful,  Bachmann says melodramatically in an interview with the Christian Broadcasting Network.  I believe without a shadow of a doubt this is the last election. This is it. This is the last election. And the reason why I say that David is because it s a math problem,  Bachmann tells interviewer David Brody.  It s a math problem of demographics and a changing United States. If you look at the numbers of people who vote and who lives in the country and who Barack Obama and Hillary Clinton want to bring in to the country, this is the last election when we even have a chance to vote for somebody who will stand up for godly moral principles. This is it. Hillary Clinton  I m not judging her spiritually or where she is at but we know where she s going to come down on Supreme Court justices, she s pro-Planned Parenthood. She s for everything I m against. I think it s very clear. We ve got a day and night contrast,  Bachmann says.And, of course, she s right. Where Clinton is a classy, intelligent, grounded, sane human being, Bachmann is a vapid mess of a person who thinks The Lion King was gay propaganda and the Founding Fathers ended slavery (yes, seriously).Bachmann says she knows Trump can be a bit  crude  but urges people to  get over it  because Hillary Clinton is pure evil: This isn t even close between what Donald Trump stands for and espouses and what Hillary Clinton stands for and espouses. People look at Trump and he can be coarse and a little crude and all the rest and I say,  Get over it!  Get over it because what he is going to do is uphold religious liberty and advance the constitutional republic that our founders gave us. According to Bachmann, Clinton  has said herself that she is going to grant wholesale amnesty to people from the Third World who are here in the United States.  She says that the projected 11 million undocumented immigrants in the United States is a  fake number,  then provided her own hipper, cooler fake number she got from Donald Trump    about thirty to forty million illegal aliens currently in the United States. What Hillary Clinton s ultimate goal is, is to secure her reelection,  Bachmann says.  The very first thing she will do as President Hillary Clinton is this: she will have a wholesale amnesty so that Republicans will never again have the chance at winning Florida or Texas. If we can t win Florida or Texas, it s game over.  From there, Clinton will  ensure  Republicans never win the White House by changing   the demographics of the United States so that no Republican will ever win again. But it s worse than that. A Trump loss would so displease God that he d just kill us all anyway to prevent a Clinton presidency: God says to every nation for all of time,  I set before you life and death, what are you going to choose?  If you look at the book of Genesis, you don t even have to get beyond Chapter 3 to see God gives us life. The first thing he gives mankind is life. What does man choose? Death. We choose rebellion and death. You go from Genesis all through the Bible to the book of Revelation; man stupidly makes the same decision over and over again by rejecting life and choosing death. What I m telling you is that s what we re looking at now in this country. I know all of this sounds scary, but choose  death  this November   unless, of course, you want to see the sort of  life  we would have under an insane racist who will likely throw us into nuclear war within his first 90 days.Watch the interview below:Featured image via screengrab",0
4813, Judge Rules That It’s Very Expensive To Be The Victim Of A Mass Shooting,"For years   if not decades   liberals have complained that the nation is on the verge of becoming an oligarchy, which in the most simplistic terms possible, means that corporations (and the wealthy) are more important than regular people. Well, a ruling in Los Angeles might not be the biggest or the most wide-reaching news story, but when a judge ruled that the victims (yes, the victims) of the horrific mass shooting in Aurora, Colorado would have to pay for the sins of daring to sue the movie theater, our wall between government and corporations crumbled even more.On July 20, 2012, an orange haired 24-year-old named James Holmes entered a screening of the Batman movie, The Dark Knight Rises. He proceeded to set off tear gas and grenades before peppering the theater with hundreds of rounds of ammunition. He killed 12 and injured 70. At that point, it was the largest mass shooting in history. Holmes was sentenced to more than 3,000 years in prison, so there was some justice some The living victims of the shooting sued Cinemark Theaters, claiming that if they had had guards and better security camera coverage, the shooting might not have happened and even if it had, there might have been fewer casualties. They lost. Now, we can debate the validity of the lawsuit all day long, but to add insult to dozens of brutal injuries, the theater countersued, claiming that the victims owed them $700,000 in legal fees and court costs. The theater won. They now owe the theater $700,000.We can also debate the validity of this ruling all day long, but the bare truth is that Cinemark didn t need to sue. They were just being dicks. The shooting or the impending lawsuit didn t hurt Cinemark. Their annual revenues are just south of $3 billion a year and rising steadily. They could have easily eaten the legal costs with just a few concession sales (only a slight exaggeration).The worst thing this ruling did, other than re-victimize people who have to live with the traumatic memory and for some, permanent injuries, was to send a message. The message is that if citizens dare to stand up to their corporate overlords, we should be prepared to be slapped down hard and in the most expensive ways possible. Cinemark should have just let this go, but it was in their interest, like it s in the interests of large corporations throughout the nation, to let us know, in no uncertain terms, that we have no voice.Featured image via Bloomsberries/Flickr. ",0
4814, IRS Slams Trump Foundation For Breaking The Law,"The Donald J. Trump Foundation just quietly paid an IRS fine for breaking the law. Trump paid the IRS a $2,500 fine after the Washington Post exposed that his foundation had broken the law by giving a political foundation to a group connected to Florida attorney general Pam Bondi.The improper donation, a $25,000 gift from the Donald J. Trump Foundation, was made in 2013. At the time, Attorney General Pam Bondi was considering whether to investigate fraud allegations against Trump University. She decided not to pursue the case.Bondi s decision to let Trump University skate despite allegations of wrongdoing after the Trump donation has caused considerable controversy, with some demanding an investigation into possible corruption by the Republican attorney general.The Washington Post found that Trump didn t notify the IRS about his donation and it was recorded as a donation to a completely different organization.In that year s tax filings, The Post reported, The Trump Foundation did not notify the IRS of this political donation. Instead, Trump s foundation listed a donation   also for $25,000   to a Kansas charity with a name similar to that of Bondi s political group. In fact, Trump s foundation had not given the Kansas group any money at all.The prohibited gift was, in effect, replaced with an innocent-sounding but nonexistent donation.Trump claims that the misfiled donation was simply a mistake, but it fits into a pattern of Trump and his organization and so-called charities moving money around in a dubious fashion. An investigation by the same newspaper has tried to verify Trump s wild claims of charitable donations, but has so far been completely unable to do so.Earlier this year, Trump had failed to donate to veteran s charities, despite his promise to do so months ago. He only finally gave in and gave money to veterans after the news reports surfaced and politicians like Hillary Clinton attacked him for stiffing the organization.Featured image via Flickr",0
4815, Trump’s Latino Adviser Severs Ties With The Campaign After Embarrassing Mexico Trip,"Donald Trump thought he hit a slam dunk with moderate and independent voters when he decided to visit Mexico. Pundits and right-wing demagogues declared it  presidential  and said the visit was proof of a  softening  on immigration.Then Trump went to Arizona, and well, that all changed.Instead of taking a  softer  approach to the issues of Mexico, immigration and illegal immigration, Trump launched into his classic talking points that a wall will be built (and that Mexico will pay for it), that the United States is being swamped with  30 million  illegal immigrants (even though that number is closer to 11 million), and that Mexican immigration poses the same threat as ISIS.Well the speech In Arizona was the last straw for one Trump adviser, Jacob M. Monty, who advises the Republican nominee on Latino issues, among other things.Just last week, Monty posted on his Facebook that Trump is  the only candidate who has the skill and will to work with Congress to improve security and deal compasionately with the undocumented population in the US. In a Facebook post on Thursday, Monty denounced Trump and severed ties after he refused to take his advice and instead pandered to xenophobia:And with that, another Trump staffer leaves do to the candidate s blatant racism, xenophobia and lack of respect for those who know what s best.Although Monty has not said who he will be supporting at this point for the presidency, Trump s camp should take the opportunity to truly reflect on who they want to vote for him: the angry whites that will vote for him regardless of how  soft  he goes on immigration, or conservative leaning Hispanic and Latino voters he desperately needs?Another public embarrassment for the Trump campaign couldn t have come quick enough. This Mexico trip certainly did not work out well in the candidate s favor.Thank you, Jacob Monty, for putting principle over party! Maybe this decision will have Trump s closest advisers thinking long and hard about how to pursue sensitive issues that affect millions of proud people.Featured image via Jacob M. Monty/Facebook",0
4816, WATCH: Hispanic Chamber Of Commerce CEO Calls Trump A Clown On Morning Joe,"Donald Trump is not going to like this at all.The Republican nominee s pathetic effort to draw Hispanic voters to his campaign has failed miserably, especially after his disastrous trip to Mexico and the immigration speech he made afterwards.Trump visited our southern neighbor to discuss the wall and who will pay for it, only to be told that Mexico will not pay for it. Defeated, Trump was so humiliated that he claimed there was no discussion about that particular topic, only to be embarrassed once more by Mexican officials when they called him out on his lie.In fact, Trump doubled down on his immigration plan, declaring that there will be no amnesty and that Mexico will pay for the wall.In other words, Trump still wants to deport 11 million people and is suggesting that he will somehow force Mexico to pay the bill for something they did not build nor support.And that s exactly why Hispanic Chamber of Commerce CEO Javier Palomarez went on Morning Joe on MSNBC on Thursday morning to declare Trump s campaign  done for  among the Latino community.Palomarez began by pointing out that net immigration across the Mexican border has basically dropped to about 20,000 people, which might as well be zero in a nation as big as ours. Then he revealed that the 20,000 are those who are leaving America instead of coming in. That blows Trump s entire premise for a wall out of the water.Joe Scarborough asked Palomarez what his take is on Trump s effort to have it both ways by suggesting that maybe he won t deport that many people while also repeating his draconian immigration plans to his racist conservative base. He s painted himself into this box,  Palomarez replied.  He s damned if he does, and damned if he doesn t. He really had to come back out and fire up his base, but in reality he hasn t done anything to help himself in terms of growing the number, so I think he is done for with the Hispanic community. Palomarez said that Trump will never see the White House without a decent portion of the Hispanic vote, and then he dropped the hammer on the Republican nominee with a single word of Spanish. I don t know if you guys speak Spanish, but I want you to remember this one word:  Payaso.  It means  clown.  This guy is a complete clown. Palomarez went on to say that Trump has  laid to waste  any outreach effort Republicans have made after the 2012 Election and  there s no going back. Here s the video via YouTube.There is no way Donald Trump can possibly make amends with Hispanic voters with two months to go. Any such attempts would be seen as desperation from a failing candidate whose poll numbers have only imploded since the RNC Convention in July.Hillary Clinton is poised to win the Hispanic vote by even larger margins than President Obama did in 2012, and Trump is so despised that his presence at the top of the ballot could be disastrous to Republicans down the ticket.It s too late to appeal to Hispanics for their votes, and Republicans know it. The only ones who don t are delusional Trump fans who really believe he is going to win the election and they are going to be devastated when the results are revealed on Election Day.Featured image via screen capture",0
4817, MAJOR Latino Supporter Publicly Dumps Trump On CNN After Hearing Immigration Speech (TWEET/VIDEO),"While many racist Donald Trump supporters are praising the way the Republican nominee doubled down on his disastrous immigration policies yesterday in his speech, it has caused several conservative Hispanic supporters to rethink their decision to back the business mogul.Earlier today, Alfonso Aguilar, the president of Latino Partnership for Conservative Principles, made a public show of withdrawing his support for Trump on CNN, and elaborated on a tweet that said he d felt  disappointed and misled  by Trump s immigration speech:TwitterOn CNN, Aguilar told host Carol Costello that this major immigration speech had cost Trump Aguilar s vote, as well as many other Latino supporters. When he became the nominee, I thought it was important to give him a second chance. I m terrified about Hillary Clinton. And so I decided to support him and I thought that we could work with him and the campaign to move him to the center on immigration. And the initial response was very good. Aguilar pointed out the inconsistencies in Trump s message, as well as the harsh policy Trump was pushing now: He said he was going to treat undocumented immigrants without criminal records in a humane and compassionate way, he said he was going to soften his position. And then we heard yesterday and I was totally disappointed, not surprised, but disappointed and likely misled. Because he gave the impression, the campaign gave the impression until yesterday morning that he was going to deal with the undocumented in a compassionate way. And in that speech, he s basically saying, we deport you or we self-deport you. It s even worse than what he initially proposed. Trump s speech was so offensive, that Aguilar is taking back his endorsement of Trump: So today I m saying, not only am I considering withdrawing my support, I m telling you today, I m withdrawing my support from Donald Trump. And it s not only me. Many like me think the same way. I m so sorry, I just can t be part of that. Trump has flip-flopped on immigration several times over the last few weeks, but it seems that for many of his supporters, this is the final straw. It s about time.Featured image via screenshots",0
4818," Trump’s Immigration Speech After Mexico Visit FILLED With Lies, Deceit, And Racism","After meeting with Mexican President Enrique Pena Nieto (and lying about what was discussed), Donald Trump flew back to Phoenix, Arizona to deliver a 10-point plan on how to fix America s broken immigration system.As pointed out by the Hillary Clinton campaign, the speech was overwhelmingly applauded by the alt-right, including white nationalists David Duke and Richard Spencer, and closeted white nationalist Ann Coulter (who is apparently back on the Trump train).In typical Trump fashion, the immigration  proposal  was laced with lies, deceit, and rank xenophobia, with outright lies regarding President Obama and Hillary Clinton s determination to tackle the issue of illegal immigration.Once again, Donald Trump claimed that illegal immigration is as high as 30 million, saying,  honestly we ve been hearing that number for years. It s always 11 million. Our government has no idea. It could be 3 million. It could be 30 million. They have no idea what the number is. Considering Trump has been fact checked on this claim multiple times  with Politifact rating it as Pants on Fire   one would think the Republican nominee would have the sense to stick to what is fact. But then again, it is Donald Trump. The Department of Homeland Security, along with several independent groups, put the number anywhere between 11 to 12 million, give or take. Not one serious organization, meaning one with credibility, has published a report showing the number to be anywhere near the bloated 30 million Trump and his surrogates are pushing.It s much easier to convince people there s a bigger problem than there really is when you conflate the statistics to suit your political purpose, and no one understands this better than Trump   he conflates the statistics on America s tax rates, crime rate, terrorism rate, and unemployment rate.If there s one thing Trump is better at than inflating statistics, it s letting his supporters know that he, and only he, cares and can fix it. At the Phoenix rally, Trump used the opportunity to slam his opponents, saying  President Obama and Hillary Clinton have engaged in gross dereliction of duty by surrendering the safety of the American people to open borders Ah, yes, the  Obama doesn t care about America  shtick. A popular and sometimes effective rallying call of the right, Trump and his surrogates certainly know how to play into the hands of their rabid base, and they certainly knows how to play into the hands of their latent racial hatred of the President.If only it were true though.See, if the Obama Administration (which included Hillary Clinton his first term) really had a gross dereliction of duty of the kind Trump speaks of, it wouldn t have overseen the largest deportation force in decades, while simultaneously seeing illegal immigration numbers fall, very dramatically.Perhaps Trump should answer for the illegal immigrants he s hired to work here in the United States before he accuses anyone of  dereliction. In a speech that was really rhetoric and not all that much fact, Trump managed to get even that wrong when Trump claimed President Obama said climate change was a bigger threat than ISIS, China, Russia (which is ironic), and the 11 million illegal immigrants.First off, it was Senator Bernie Sanders who said climate change is the biggest threat to American security. Second, while President Obama has said that tackling climate change was an urgent threat to the United States, fighting terrorism and keeping Americans safe was the top priority.In fact, President Obama said, verbatim,  I ve got a lot of things of my plate, but my top priority is to defeat ISIL. What say you, Donald?Wednesday s speech in Phoenix was classic Trump   fluff, lies and fear mongering. A trip to Mexico that ended up being an embarrassment turned into a speech that fell on deaf ears (except for the white nationalists). This is the man Coulter compared to Churchill.Republicans have themselves a real winner.Featured image John Freso/Getty Images",0
4819," WATCH: Trump Campaign Manager Lies About Abortion, So Anderson Cooper Humiliates Her With Facts On The Air","If you want to watch Trump s campaign manager crash and burn, this is the interview you ll want to see.Kellyanne Conway may be a new name and face to most Americans, but she has been peddling lies on behalf of Republican candidates for years now. She also been getting called out for it, too.In 2012, Conway attempted to defend Todd Akin of  legitimate rape  infamy on CNN during an interview with Anderson Cooper.During the interview when it came time for Conway to explain Akin s outrageous blunder, she tried to change the subject by spouting off a big abortion lie that sex-selective abortions are rampant in this country. You ve got all these little baby girls being killed just because they re girls in this country,  she said before citing Guttmacher Institute as her source.A shocked Cooper informed Conway that there s really no evidence that sex-selective abortions are occurring in the United States. But statistically, there s not really much evidence that that is actually occurring in the United States. Amongst some immigrant groups in small numbers it may be occurring but in no statistical measure is it significant. Conway insisted that she is correct and told Cooper to check her source.Here s the video of Conway s lie via YouTube.And that s exactly what Cooper did during the commercial break and when the show resumed he took a moment to thoroughly humiliate Conway with the facts. Before the break, Kellyanne, you mentioned the Guttmacher Institute information on sex-selective abortion in the United States. Here s what they actually say in a May 30 press release titled  Sex Selective Abortion Bans: A Disingenuous New Strategy to Limit Women s Access to Abortion. The study acknowledges the practice does go on overseas, as we mentioned, and perhaps in certain Asian-American communities in the United States in small numbers,  Copper continued.  But, quote,  In the United States, meanwhile, there is limited data indicating that sex-selective abortion may be occurring in some Asian communities. Although the U.S. sex ratio at 1.05 males for every female is squarely within biologically normal parameters.  So I just wanted to put that out there. Here s the video of Cooper smacking Conway down via CNN.In short, Kellyanne Conway got totally owned on the air for lying about abortion statistics.Clearly, when Donald Trump was searching for a new campaign manager he was looking for someone is lies and is allergic to facts like himself.Featured image via Spencer Platt/Getty Images ",0
4820, Fox News Host Calls GOP Out On Voter ID Laws And Conservatives Go INSANE (VIDEO/TWEETS),"It s always a good day when a conservative acknowledges how hateful and racist their own party has become, and decides to go anti-GOP for a few moments. Yesterday, that s exactly what Fox News host Shepard Smith did while he was reporting about how the Supreme Court ruled it would not to restore North Carolina s voter ID law for this upcoming election   a move that would undoubtedly be bad news for Donald Trump.As if that weren t a hard enough blow for conservatives, Smith didn t mince his words as he spoke about why the voter ID law existed in the first place   to prevent minorities from being able to vote. In a frustrated voice, Smith called out the Republican Party for its racist election strategy: North Carolina had put in one of those  You have to show an ID  rules which so often in Republican states are designed to keep some minorities from being able to vote, and they tried to reduce the number of voting days. The US Supreme Court says that will not happen. You can watch that brilliant moment below: You can only imagine how conservatives on social media reacted to this. Many of them accused Smith for being a  LIEberal  (liberal) and standing in the way of Donald Trump becoming president. Many of these tweets are so belligerent, it s hard to even read.TwitterTwitterTwitterTwitterTwitterTwitterConservatives have every right to be afraid after the Supreme Court smacked North Caroline s voter ID law down   after all, Trump is polling HORRIBLY with minorities (he s currently at ZERO percent with African Americans). Now that the Republican party s plan to prevent minorities from getting to the polls has been ruined, conservatives are obviously terrified that Democratic nominee Hillary Clinton is going to win this election by a landslide.Featured image via screen capture",0
4821, News Legend Dan Rather Just RAZED Trump’s Hate-Filled Immigration Speech,"Trump s first immigration speech following his humiliation in Mexico Wednesday was a bunch of sure-to-please-the-Klan hate speech mixed with a heaping spoonful of xenophobia and just enough mindblowing stupidity to make one wonder if he or she is hearing the things that were definitely coming out of The Donald s face-anus.Trump returned to his familiar message of  deport all the brown people,   no citizenship for any of them,  and even brought back a deportation force so strong, so powerful, that it could banish Hillary Clinton from these United States faster than you can say  Avada Kedavra. In the aftermath of what could possibly be Trump s most hate-filled speech yet, legendary newsman Dan Rather hopped on Facebook and set fire to all that is Trump.Rather noticed, as did we all, that Trump s supposed policy speech was light on the policy and heavy on the (hate) speech. He claimed it would be a detailed policy address, and yet from the start his tone was a seething, angry attack on what he described as a world of dangerous murderers and rapists who seem to be roaming  sanctuary cities,  Rather notes.  Focusing on a few isolated and already well-documented tragedies, he painted the entire undocumented world with the casual brush of violence. I expected a law and order theme, but not this level of searing rhetoric. Of course, I shouldn t have been surprised,  he continues.  Trump feeds off his crowds and they were giving it right back. It was ultimate in the  Us vs. Them  mentality. Real Americans vs. others. I frankly saw echoes of the George Wallace speeches from the 1968 campaign.  He goes on:The applause lines seemed like ready red meat for this crowd and I am sure for those who regularly watch Fox News. They were names and anecdotes that frankly will be unknown to most Americans. That s because Donald Trump s America does not comport with what many voters see in their own lives. It was an attack on  thugs  and those on  welfare . I suppose there was a structure to this speech. He would say  and 3 ,  and 4  as if it were a detailed list of proposal, but any sense of order was swamped by a tsunami of rhetoric and tone. But any details are beside the point. With a raspy roar, leaning over the podium, Trump delivered his message with glee   This is our country and we are being overwhelmed by hordes not fit to be in our country,  he says.  He suggested that  These People  are well known to law enforcement and could be rounded up with ease. It was a line that seemed more in keeping with the culture of the old East Germany than the United States.  We have got to have a county folks  he summed it up.  Under a Trump Administration it s called America first! Noting that it is a  fools errand  to attempt to fact check Trump s jumbled mess of a speech, he ends with a warning to all who read his words:Make no mistake, this was a toxic mix of jingoism, nativism, and chauvinism. Many of you would like to think, not in America, not in our country could this type of rhetoric gain currency. But in other countries, and in other times in history, we have seen the impossible become possible to horrific effect. Trump is betting his political future on this idea   that there is a deep, tribal, and dark sea of the molten lava of hate and aggrievement. This volcano from below appeals to dangerous instincts- can it yield a path to the presidency and power?Pay attention. Don t try to pretend  it can t happen again.  Don t stand up, stomp your foot and say  not in MY America.  And don t you dare say  we won t let it happen.  By ignoring Trump, or by pretending that he doesn t stand a chance to win, you re letting it happen.November 8   be there.Read his entire message below:Featured image via screengrab/Getty Images(Kirk Irwin)",0
4822, WATCH: This Priceless Video HILARIOUSLY Exposes Trump And His Doctor For What They Really Are,"Trust Funny Or Die to come up with something like this. They ve released a video starring Brent Spiner, a.k.a Dr. Okun from Independence Day, and Data from Star Trek: The Next Generation, and he (ahem) takes on a new role here to lampoon the hell out of both Trump and his quack of a doctor.Spiner actually introduces himself as Dr. Bornstein, and immediately launches into what he knows about Trump: I m making this video because there s something they don t want you to know. Trump s not from here! And I don t mean not from America, I mean not from this planet, okay?When I wrote that ridiculously glowing letter in five minutes, I thought you d see through it for the obvious farce that it was! Indeed, that letter has been the subject of controversy for Trump, seeing as how Bornstein used language that doctors generally don t use in it. He said that Trump s lab results were  astonishingly excellent,  for one thing. He also declared Trump the healthiest person ever to run for president, which is something he can t possibly know.Spiner hilariously touches on all of that, too, in his role as the infamous Dr. Bornstein. He then goes back into discussing Trump s alien anatomy: I did a chest exam, and to be honest, I was not expecting to find a heart, and guess what? I didn t! What  Bornstein  did find in place of a heart is even funnier than Trump s obvious lack of one. From there, it just spirals. Watch below to find out what else  Bornstein  knows about Trump:",0
4823, Head Of Wikileaks Calls Hillary Clinton A ‘Demon’ Who Wants To Hang People,"Julian Assange, the founder and head of the group WikiLeaks, has struck out once again at Hillary Clinton, the Democratic presidential nominee. In an interview with the New York Times on Facebook Live, Assange described Clinton as a  demon. The American liberal press, in falling over themselves to defend Hillary Clinton, are erecting a demon that is going to put nooses around everyone s necks as soon as she wins the election, which is almost certainly what she s going to do,  Assange said in the interview, which was broadcast live Wednesday on Facebook.Assange s verbal attack is the latest episode of the organization lashing out at Clinton and the Democratic Party. WikiLeaks was used as the conduit for the release of thousands of stolen emails from inside the Democratic Party before the 2016 Convention. Those emails led to the resignation of the party chairman and several top officials and a rift between the DNC and Senator Bernie Sanders (I-VT).On the heels of that document dump, WikiLeaks also released documents stolen from Democratic lawmakers, including personal cell phone numbers for members of Congress like House Minority Leader Nancy Pelosi (D-CA) and others, who reported getting sexist and racist phone calls as a result.WikiLeaks has even engaged in promoting conspiracy theories, floating the allegation that a Democratic staffer who was tragically killed in Washington, D.C. had some sort of connection to machinations by the Democratic Party and Hillary Clinton.Originally the vehicle for documents on the Iraq war disseminated by Private Chelsea Manning, WikiLeaks has over the last few months pivoted to be a force opposing Clinton, aided by hackers like Guccifer, who have infiltrated multiple systems.A recent analysis has also found that the possible source of material stolen from Democrats and given to WikiLeaks were hackers connected to the Russian government. Assange has, in the recent past, hosted a television show on RT, the cable and satellite news channel financed by the Russians.Featured image via screen capture",0
4824, Hillary Just Personally Went On Twitter To DESTROY Trump’s Ridiculous Visit To Mexico (TWEET),"Donald Trump got to play make-believe on Wednesday afternoon as he went to Mexico to speak with President Enrique Pe a Nieto.Trump, who has absolutely no diplomatic experience whatsoever, apparently got cold feet when it came to his big, beautiful, great, wonderful, and spectacular wall he wants to build along the border between the United States and Mexico.It would seem the reality television star couldn t muster up the courage to demand Mexico to pay for it because Mexico s president said afterwards that he would never pay for the wall, and Trump, instead of saying that, decided to try to cover up the conversation by saying it never happened.Al inicio de la conversaci n con Donald Trump dej  claro que M xico no pagar  por el muro.  Enrique Pe a Nieto (@EPN) August 31, 2016Translated, that says: At the beginning of the conversation with Donald Trump, I made clear that Mexico will not pay for the wall. Hillary Clinton, clearly getting a kick out of all of this, took to Twitter and personally tweeted out: Trump just failed his first foreign test. Diplomacy isn t as easy as it looks.  -HTrump just failed his first foreign test. Diplomacy isn't as easy as it looks. -H  Hillary Clinton (@HillaryClinton) September 1, 2016Alongside this:A wall that Mexico will pay for: a bad idea from an even worse negotiator. pic.twitter.com/RZfOKe45RO  Hillary Clinton (@HillaryClinton) September 1, 2016No, being a diplomat isn t easy. It s not easy at all, in fact. One person who knows this all too well is former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton who has traveled more than any other Secretary of State in the history of the republic. Her job was to be a diplomat at all times.So, if you want a person with the proper experience, you better vote for Hillary and not the schmuck who doesn t even have the cojones to tell the truth about what happened in a meeting.Featured Photo by Spencer Platt/Getty Images, Twitter",0
4825," Amid Accusations Of Hillary Selling Access For Cash, Trump Is Selling Access For Cash","Donald Trump has a new fundraising scheme. He s raffling off lunch with his son Eric and a tour of the Trump campaign headquarters. While this is pretty standard political fundraising fare, it does show how ridiculous and disingenuous Trump s latest attacks against Hillary Clinton actually are.The latest  revelation  about Clinton is that as Secretary of State, she sometimes held meetings with donors to the Clinton Foundation. She also often ignored the requests for meetings, which is completely overlooked by the right-wing press.Trump has taken the report and run with it, calling it  pay to play,  and noting that it s illegal. A couple of very bad ones came out, and it s called pay for play,  he said.  And some of these were really, really bad and illegal. If it s true, it s illegal. You re paying and you re getting things. Source: Politico Paying and getting things,  isn t illegal. That s called capitalism. Paying government officials to get things that only government officials can give   that s called pay to play and yes, that is illegal. There s no evidence that Hillary Clinton did that, unless you count an occasional meeting as  getting things.  Ask absolutely anyone in Hollywood what a meeting means; hell, ask Donald Trump what a meeting means, and you d find that with successful people, a meeting is as much a way of shutting people up as it is an exchange of ideas, let alone favors. Meetings never have and never will imply obligation.Now, let s talk about actual pay to play, the highly illegal type. Donald Trump has actually bragged about bribing politicians and judges. That s unethical at best and illegal at worst. I was a businessman,  Trump smarmed at a debate earlier this year. He was being pressed about the piles of dough he has deposited in Democratic coffers through the years   for his pals the Clintons (including the Clinton Ca-ching Foundation), Schumer, Reid, Pelosi, Cuomo, Rahm, and the rest of the gang. I give to everybody. When they call, I give. You know what? When I need something from them, two years later, three years later, I call them, and they are there for me. . . . And that s a broken system. Source: National ReviewYes, that is a broken system   one Trump is happy to keep broken.Oh, but it gets worse. Trump also allegedly bribes people, as he allegedly bribed people involved in the Trump University case.The trouble started in June, when the Associated Press reported that Bondi  personally solicited a political contribution from Donald Trump  in 2013 right around the time she was deciding whether or not to investigate alleged fraud at Trump University. Trump University, of course, is the controversial for-profit school owned by presumptive Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump.It was only four days after Bondi announced she might join an investigation into Trump University when a Trump family foundation gave $25,000 to a political group supporting Bondi s re-election. After that money came in, Bondi said she would not pursue a lawsuit against Trump University. Two years later one day before Florida s crucial primary election Bondi endorsed Trump for president.Source: Think ProgressThat, if it happens as alleged, is pay to play. Holding meetings with donors is not, whether the meeting is with Secretary Clinton or Eric Trump.Featured image via Alex Wong/Getty Images. ",0
4826, Trump Campaign Manager And CEO Outed As Members Of A Secret Far-Right Extremist Group,"The Southern Poverty Law Center released a report on Wednesday, outing both of the newest additions to the Trump campaign as members of a secretive far-right extremist group made up of the most powerful conservatives and white supremacists in the United States.In what was described as a  shakeup,  Trump hired conservative pollster Kellyanne Conway and Breitbart bigwig Stephen Bannon as his campaign s CEO (Whatever the hell that is, since presidential campaigns don t have CEO s.)According to the SLPC s report, Conway and Bannon are members of the Council for National Policy (CNP). This right-wing group is known for its secrecy and is comprised of some of the country s most powerful conservatives. The CNP is an intensely secretive and shadowy group of what The New York Times once described as  the most powerful conservatives in the country,  reads the SPLC report. In addition, it is so tight-lipped that it tells people not to admit their membership or even name the group. Revealing when or where the group meets, or what it discusses, is also forbidden. The membership rolls also boast some of the most notorious white supremacists in the country as well. The CNP is not controversial so much for the conservatives who dominate it   activists of the religious right and the so-called  culture wars,  along with a smattering of wealthy financiers, Congressional operatives, right-wing consultants and Tea Party operatives   as for the many real extremists who are included. The report states that the CNP s members include  Michael Peroutka, a neo-Confederate who for years was on the board of the white supremacist League of the South; Jerome Corsi, a strident Obama  birther  and the propagandist hit man responsible for the  Swift boating  of John Kerry; Joseph Farah, who runs the wildly conspiracist  news  operation known as WorldNetDaily; Mat Staver, the Liberty Counsel leader who has worked to re-criminalize gay sex; Philip Zodhaites, another anti-gay activist who is charged with helping a self-described former lesbian who kidnapped her daughter from her former partner and fled the country; and a large number of other similar characters. Earlier this year, the SPLC got their hands on the CNP membership directory for 2014. This document showed that Bannon had been a regular member and Conway had served as a member of the group s executive committee. It is unknown what their current standing with the group is today.When the SPLC first published the original article on the CNP several months ago, they pointed out that it is very much within their rights to operate in secret. However, this means that the group  also provides an important venue in which relatively mainstream conservatives meet and very possibly are influenced by real extremists, people who regularly defame LGBT people with utter falsehoods, describe Latino immigrants as a dangerous group of rapists and disease-carriers, engage in the kind of wild-eyed conspiracy theorizing for which the John Birch Society is famous, and even suggest that certain people should be stoned to death in line with Old Testament law. The SPLC concluded that it is  not known how their contacts within the CNP may have affected Conway and Bannon.  But they reiterated what they wrote in May: At a time of extreme political polarization in our society, in the middle of an ugly presidential contest which has featured an almost unsurpassed record of ethnic, racial and sexual insults and lies, Americans deserve to know who their ostensible leaders are mixing with as we collectively decide our country s future. That is as true of campaign leaders as it is of political candidates,  the SPLC added.Trump has been trying to distance himself from the alt-right, the modern term for white supremacists, especially after Hillary Clinton gave a blistering speech calling out his ties with the fringe element. Bannon s connection to Breitbart has drawn scrutiny, as the blogspot is known for its racist, sexist, and anti-Semitic content. But from the looks of it, Trump and his campaign are sitting right in the laps of these right-wing extremists. Conway and Bannon s involvement with the CNP just made that abundantly clear.Featured image via Rawstory  and Liberal America",0
4827," WATCH: Trump’s Infantile Reference To His D*ck Size REALLY Shows Great Strength, Says Fox News","Fox News  resident doctor, if, indeed, he can be called that, weighed in on the ancient, but immature reference that Trump made to the size of his penis after Marco Rubio made a crack about his tiny hands during a debate in Detroit, Michigan. Keith Ablow, who really has some questionable things to say on the air, let loose with the following verbal rubbish heap: When the  small hands  issue was raised during the debate that supposedly got the Clinton campaign very excited, they thought  Man, he s off his game he wasn t off his game at all. Freud would have been standing up, like applauding. Standing ovation. Ablow the Blowhard went on with: To be able to address such an intensely personal issue and say,  Listen, there s no problem in that department,  to me, that showed an incredible degree of psychological strength. Or it showed an incredible immaturity   something that s only been solidified as this election cycle has gone on. Trump could have, and really should have, just ignored the jab about his hands. Instead, he said: Look at those hands. Are they small hands? And he referred to my hands   if they are small, something else must be small.I guarantee you there is no problem. I guarantee you. Because self defense. He missed a golden opportunity to make Rubio look like an immature, tasteless idiot. As is so common with Trump, though, he slipped into insecure teenage-boy mode and bragged about his penis size, which is literally relevant to nothing. He proved he had even less class than Rubio when he did that.Watch Ablow s psychological gobbledy-gook below:Featured image by Chip Somodevilla/Getty Images",0
4828, Mexico’s President Confirms Trump LIED: He Told Him To Go F*ck Himself And His Wall,"After his joint press conference with Mexican President Enrique Pena Nieto, Donald Trump told the press that the two had discussed his wall, but not who would pay for it.It was Trump s  easy out  on the issue   the ability for him to say that discussions on the wall were  preliminary.  While Trump may have been correct that the two nations respect the right of either nation to build a physical wall,  his claim that it wasn t discussed was, as is everything else he says, complete bullsh*t. The AP reports that Nieto has spoken out on the  wall  issue, and  Trump is surely furious. Pena Nieto says he told Trump that Mexico won t pay for border wall, contradicting Trump, who says it was not discussed,  the Associated Press  Twitter account shot out shortly after Trump s photo-op in Mexico was completed.BREAKING: Pena Nieto says he told Trump that Mexico won't pay for border wall, contradicting Trump, who says it was not discussed  AP Politics (@AP_Politics) August 31, 2016President Nieto was also very clear on the issue via Twitter:Al inicio de la conversaci n con Donald Trump dej  claro que M xico no pagar  por el muro.  Enrique Pe a Nieto (@EPN) August 31, 2016 At the beginning of the conversation with Donald Trump,  he said, I made it clear that Mexico will not pay for the wall. The border wall has been the central part of The Donald s campaign since the early days when he called all Mexicans  rapists   drug dealers  and  criminals,  and pledged to build The Wall to keep the brown people from further ruining our Great White Nation. This promise has been an important part of growth with key Trump demographics like white supremacists, Klansmen, neo-Nazis, and closet racists.Unfortunately for the 2016 Republican nominee s followers, he appears to have all but given up on building their favorite thing ever. What   you guys didn t think it was really going to happen, did you? Still think Mexico is going to pay for it, guys? Hmm?Watch Trump claim they never talked about the wall below:Featured image via Getty Images/Sean Rayford",0
4829, SCOTUS Won’t Uphold NC’s Voter Suppression Law And McCrory’s Whining Like A Spoiled Brat About It,"SCOTUS returned a split 4-4 decision on North Carolina s repressive voter ID law, which means the lower court s ruling that it s unconstitutional stands. North Carolina cannot use that law in November as a basis for turning people away from the polls, and, predictably, Governor Pat McCrory is unhappy with this. His statement on the matter reads more like a toddler whining about being punished for being bad than anything: North Carolina has been denied basic voting rights already granted to more than 30 other states to protect the integrity of one person, one vote through a common-sense voter ID law Even without any support from our state s attorney general, we were pleased that four justices, including Chief Justice John Roberts, agreed with this right while four liberal justices blocked North Carolina protections afforded by our sensible voter laws. B-O-O H-O-O. Our hearts bleed pink carbonated peanut butter for this because McCrory s a delusional twit. Whose rights are being violated without this repressive law in effect? This law is what violates people s basic voting rights.The lower court held that this particular law was actually a voter suppression law, enacted with the intent to suppress minority votes. Why? Probably because North Carolina is a swing state, so every vote really does matter, and they can t have too many people voting Democratic, especially in a presidential year, now can they?No, they can t. Republicans lose power when too many minorities vote. The horror.What McCrory is missing is that, yes, 30 other states have voter ID laws of some sort, but several of those states have seen part, or all, of their laws struck down as well. Those states include North Dakota (home of the attempted six-week abortion ban), Texas, and Wisconsin. Other states Arizona, Kansas, Alabama, Virginia, Ohio and Georgia have litigation on their laws pending.SCOTUS hasn t ruled on all of these cases, and they may not, depending on what else there is to be heard from other states. To hear McCrory talk, however, one would think that all of the courts in the entire country had ruled specifically against North Carolina when other states must have worse laws. These laws don t protect  one person, one vote,  though. They protect Republicans.So what, exactly, did SCOTUS refuse to grant a stay on? North Carolina tried to tighten restrictions on acceptable IDs, for one. That inevitably harms poor minorities. It can also harm young people, who like to vote Democratic more than Republican.They also reduced early voting, another blow to the minority community; eliminated both same-day registration and out-of-precinct provisional ballots; and they eliminated pre-registration for 16- and 17-year olds that indicates an intent to vote when they turn 18.McCrory can cry about this all he wants   this is a major victory for everyone who believes in civil rights. The law will stay off the books for November, helping to keep the state in play for the presidential election, ensuring that many more voices are heard, and hopefully meaning that McCrory will lose his job.Featured image by Chip Somodevilla/Getty Images",0
4830," Maine Gov. LePage Says He’s ‘Tired Of Being Caught,’ So He’s Never Speaking To Press Again","Maine Governor Paul LePage has made quite a name for himself with his casual, yet blatant, racism. But when someone calls him out on his bigoted remarks, he apparently gets his feelings hurt because he is such a  sensitive  guy underneath his hardened exterior. Well, what does he do when someone tells the truth and his feelings? Why, he throws a temper tantrum of course.LePage said on Wednesday that he was just downright crushed when he heard the news that Maine lawmaker Drew Gattine had called him a racist. Turns out this wasn t even true, but LePage, being ever so devastated that he was called a racist for saying racist things, decided to respond by leaving a voicemail for Gattine calling him a  c*cksucker  and a  son of a b*tch. Don t forget, though, Lepage is the one we should feel sorry for. He s the  sensitive  soul who just happens to say incredibly insensitive, racist stuff. But dammit, calling him a racist just goes too far. It hurts his feels! I may not supposed to be that sensitive to these things, but I am,  LePage confessed.  I lose sleep over this, and it s frustrating when you hear people talk about cheap political stunts to hurt their opponent and not do the right thing. Being called a racist was a horrible thing for me. It was enormously hurtful. It hurt my family. So just what does the good governor plan to do about all this? Maybe try to stop spouting all the disgustingly racist things that have a habit of pouring out of his mouth? Nope. He s sensitive. Just like a baby. So he s throwing a temper tantrum and has announced that he isn t going to talk to the press anymore so that he doesn t get  caught  saying these racist things. That ll teach the media! I will no longer speak to the press ever again after today,  LePage said.  And I m serious. Everything will be put in writing. I am tired of being caught   the gotcha moments. LePage made headlines when he said that all black people are drug dealers with names like  D-Money, Smoothie, Shifty  who come to his great state to  impregnate young white girls.  He has ranted about immigrants working in restaurants, saying he needs  an interpreter  to understand them. Then last week he declared that he is at  war  and naturally, he outright declared that blacks and Hispanics are the  enemy. Featured image via YouTube",0
4831, Shocking Ad Shows How Trump’s Racist Campaign Is RUINING Children’s Lives (VIDEO),"We know without a doubt that Trump s blatantly racist campaign has had a massive effect on adults in this country. Suddenly, the bigots that were too afraid to voice their opinions aloud have found the courage to spew their hate speech openly and Trump has only encouraged more division and violence throughout America. But if you think that adults are the only ones being affected by this, you re wrong.Thanks to a new ad from progressive group Move On, we re able to see that Trump s campaign is taking a devastating toll on non-white and Muslim children, who are getting bullied in school. The ad, titled  Our Kids,  runs through several powerful news clips where minority children have been threatened or harassed by their white, racist peers who have undoubtedly latched onto Trump s messaging after learning it from their parents or from the media.In one news bit, white students were chanting Trump s name at black and Latino players during a high school basketball game in Chicago. In another, Latino students were humiliated when vandals in Oregon hung a banner that said, Build a wall.  One student who was interviewed in the clip said that Students don t feel safe. Students don t want to go to school anymore.  Another said, Lately, it s just been getting worse. This ad is less than 90 seconds long, but it perfectly sums up that the biggest motivating force behind Trump s campaign and its voters is racism, regardless of what Trump s surrogates try to say. Move On s ad gave viewers a brutal reality check when it said: Donald Trump is endangering our kids. Perhaps the next most powerful message in the ad was the call to action for adults to do something to protect all the children in the country. The ad said: Protect our kids from Trump s hate speech. Vote November 8th. You can watch the ad below:Featured image via United Nations Photo / Flickr",0
4832," Republicans Say Everything’s Terrible Because Of Obama, Show Them THIS And Shut Them Up","Republicans insist that everything under President Obama is awful and terrible and getting worse. Their nominee for the presidency has based his entire candidacy on the idea that America is a complete trianwreck and only he  alone  can fix things.But when you ask actual Americans about what their lives are like after eight years of Barack Obama being president, a completely different message emerges. Gallup did just that, in a survey of over 100,000 people, and almost completely across the board people feel better off than they did before.In 2008, fewer than half of Americans said their life was good enough to be considered  thriving,  according to Gallup. But that s changed:  The 55.4% who are thriving so far in 2016 is on pace to be the highest recorded in the nine years Gallup and Healthways have tracked it,  according to the report.The report even has findings that obliterate Donald Trump s constant harping that black Americans are living lives of complete desperation inside crack-destroyed inner city ghettos. The percentages of U.S. whites, blacks, Hispanics and Asians who are thriving have all increased during the Obama era,  Gallup notes. The percentage of blacks thriving has risen by about 6 points, as has the percentage of whites and Hispanics. Asian thriving has risen by about 10 points since 2008.It isn t magic or left wing propaganda. People simply feel better off and more optimistic, and it isn t a coincidence that this change has occurred between the presidency of a conservative Republican and a progressive Democrat.As a result, President Obama s approval rating has gone over 50 percent and reports are now emerging that Trump is having trouble convincing voters in key states that they need to turn the page from Obama because people are feeling positive about the situation in America.Ignore the hype and noise of the right, check out the data and you ll learn how people really feel.Featured image via Flickr",0
4833, Michele Bachmann Says Trump Is The GOP Nominee ‘Cause God™ Was Godding It Up,"Michele Bachmann is a special snowflake. If there is anyone who is crazier than Sarah Palin and Donald Trump, it is definitely her. Last week we learned that the former congresswoman is one of the people advising Trump on foreign policy because she knows soooo much about foreigners and stuff. She s an expert, she can see ISIS from her house .in Minnesota!Now this week we are learning the real reason good ol  Michele thinks the billionaire was chosen as the GOP nominee. During an interview on the Christian Broadcasting Network s show The Brody File she said: I actually supported Ted Cruz. I thought he was fabulous but I also see that at the end of the day God raised up, I believe, Donald Trump who was going to be the nominee in this election. I don t think God sits things out. He s a sovereign God. Donald Trump became our nominee.I think it s very likely that in the day that we live in, that Donald Trump is the only individual who could win in a General Election of the 17 who ran. Maybe I m wrong, I don t know but I do know that the Bible is true and that Daniel teaches the most high God, which is one of God s names, is the one who lifts up who he will and takes down who he will. OBVIOUSLY, the real reason Trump is trumping all over the place is because he is the chosen one. Why didn t we think of that? Hmmmmm .maybe because it is a batshit crazy way of thinking? Yep, that s it!As Wonkette (if you don t know who Wonkette is we highly recommend you check them out) points out, it is incredibly unlikely that Bachmann believes Obama is president because God   raised up  and had him elected; after all, the GOP seems to believe that God  only works for them.Michele clearly doesn t want to admit that the only reason Trump is the nominee is because he was the most racist of all of the candidates and the GOP base LOVES racists. They wanted a candidate who represented their beliefs that  the blacks  should still be drinking out of different water fountains and  the Hispanics  should pick vegetables and shut up. It had nothing to do with God  and everything to do with the disgusting rhetoric that his infected the minds of Republican voters.Featured image via T.J. Kirkpatrick/Getty Images ",0
4834, WATCH: Trump Campaign Manager Blames Women For Rape,"Once again, a Republican rape comment surfaces, and it s from the campaign manager of the Republican nominee.Donald Trump s campaign has been full of sexism and misogyny, so it was only a matter of time before his third campaign manager Kellyanne Conway made her own offensive comment about rape.In 2013, despite Republicans being advised to keep their mouths shut about women and rape, Conway appeared in a panel discussion to talk about women in the military. At some point, Conway used rape as an analogy even though rape was not part of the discussion.Conway blamed women for being raped because they are not as physically strong as men and that  rape would not exist  if only women were not so weak. If we were physiologically   not mentally, emotionally, professionally   equal to men, if we were physiologically as strong as men, rape would not exist,  Conway said.  You would be able to defend yourself and fight him off. Here s the video via YouTube. Conway s rape comment is at the 2 minute mark.Conway s comment assumes that all rapes can be prevented simply by being physically strong. Unfortunately, rapists have many tricks to incapacitate their victims, including date rape drugs. Being strong also does not work very well if a rapist has their victim at knifepoint or gunpoint.Instead of blaming rapists, Conway openly blamed women for rape. She was a Republican pollster at the time, but now she is the campaign manager for the presidential candidate of the Republican Party.Clearly, Trump either did not vet Conway at all or he is okay with what she had to say about rape.But this adds to the pattern of Republicans blaming the victim instead of the rapist. For years, Republicans have been saying outrageous things about rape. Here s 40 of them.Trump is just another Republican in a long line of Republicans who apparently believe women are at fault if they get raped. His hiring of Conway clearly demonstrates that. They seem to think it s acceptable to blame rape victims for their assaults, deny women the right to control their own health care, and downplay sexual harassment in the workplace,  Daily Show creator Liz Winstead responded to Conway s remarks.  It s not. Featured image via screen capture",0
4835," Florida Voters Kick Racist, Corrupt State Prosecutor Angela Corey Out Of Office","Yesterday, Florida voters headed to the polls to cast their votes in the state s primary election. Among those who won their primaries were, as expected, Democrats Patrick Murphy (Senate) and Debbie Wassermann Schultz (House) who won their perspective primaries as did Republican Senate incumbent Marco Rubio.However, there was one controversial incumbent who was sent packing. The State Attorney in Florida s Fourth Judicial Circuit Court encompassing Jacksonville, Angela Corey, was trounced by almost unknown corporate attorney Melissa Nelson, 64 to 26 percent.Here s why that s good.Angela Corey is, in the simplest terms, one of the most unethical, cruel, and heartless attorneys in Florida, and quite possibly the whole United States. An eye-for-an-eye Republican, Corey was notorious for charging children as adults in the justice system. According to Human Rights Watch, 75 percent of the young people who were charged as adults under Corey s watch ended up going to prison, and the disproportional number of these kids were black or Hispanic. These statistics prove to be the highest in the state. Contrast these statistics: Corey s jurisdiction incarcerated 1,475 juveniles in the Jacksonville area, compared to 34 in Miami-Dade (the most populated judicial district with higher rates of youth) during the same time period, 2009-2013.Corey was also the prosecutor who put Marissa Alexander in prison for firing a warning shot at her abusive husband. According to The Nation:Corey charged Alexander with aggravated assault, which carried a minimum sentence of 20 years in prison [Corey sought a 60 year sentence]. Her prosecution of Alexander spurred online petitions and protests from domestic-violence groups, who argued that Alexander was being overcharged for protecting herself. Alexander ultimately served three years in prison. In an interview, Corey told me that she didn t understand why her actions were  newsworthy,  arguing that Alexander had endangered her children, who were in the next room.  How am I the bad guy in that situation?  she asked.One of her cruelest cases involved Christian Fernandez, a 12-year-old boy of Hispanic origin who beat his 2-year-old brother to death, when she charged him as an adult. Ignoring his past of extreme abuse, Corey went ahead and and pressed for first-degree murder charges, which would have put him away for the rest of his life. Christian was reported to have shoved his brother into a bookshelf, injuring his head. Fernandez s mother, Biannela Susana, waited too long before seeking medical attention, and the boy slipped into a coma before dying. A little boy who unintentionally killed his brother was charged as an adult by a vengeful, power- hungry prosecutor. Luckily, Christian Fernandez will not spend the rest of his life in prison, pleaded as a juvenile to manslaughter and aggravated battery, and will be sentenced to prison until he is 19. In a bit of irony, Melissa Nelson was one of the attorneys who worked on Christian s case.If Corey had her way, this young boy would have never left prison.Then there was perhaps the most famous case of them all: the George Zimmerman trial. Corey of course blew it. While representing the state, Corey had Zimmerman charged with second-degree murder, which some felt was an intentional overcharge, and felt that manslaughter would have been better for a  guilty  verdict. Corey also came under scrutiny for withholding information in relation to data accessed on Trayvon Martin s phone. When it came to light that such information was withheld, Corey fired the employee responsible for releasing it. Attorney Alan Dershowitz also accused Corey of filing a false and/or misleading affidavit pertaining to the case, a charge that could have gotten Corey disbarred.Not only all of this, Corey couldn t even uphold ethical standards that are beholden to attorneys and those who are in office:Corey has struggled to rise above several controversies in the run up to the primary, some larger than others. She was accused of forcing her office staff to contribute to her campaign with their time and money. A group of lawyers accused her of voter suppression and criticized by a group of vets for an alleged distorted campaign ad.Corey also used $108,439 of taxpayer money to upgrade her pension plan, and $425,000 in bonuses for her office staff. Corey was able to maneuver around a Florida statute than bans such bonuses for public employees by claiming the disbursements were  one time  pay raises.So the state of Florida made the right decision in sending a racist, lying, thieving prosecutor packing. It remains to be seen how Corey s successor will handle cases regarding people of color and youth, but once crux of this race was ethics, and boy did Angela Corey lack any.Featured image via Win McNamee/Getty Images",0
4836," Mexico’s Former First Lady Rips Trump Visit, Says Mexicans ‘Repudiate’ His Hate","Mexico s former first lady, Margarita Zavala, wasted no time slamming Donald Trump, who is set to make an appearance in Mexico, visiting current president Enrique Pe a Nieto, who invited the Republican nominee.From her twitter, Zavala denounced Trump on behalf of the Mexican people:Sr. @realDonaldTrump aunque lo hayan invitado, sepa que no es bienvenido. Los mexicanos tenemos dignidad y repudiamos su discurso de odio.  Margarita Zavala (@Mzavalagc) August 31, 2016Translation: Sr. Donald Trump: although they have invited, know that you are not welcome. Mexicans have their dignity and repudiate hate speech.Needless to say, Zavala s tweet was met with praise from Mexican citizens and other Spanish speaking individuals, who like Zavala, were offended by Trump s never ending barrage of outrageous lies about their country.Zavala, whose husband is former Mexican President Felipe Calderon, served in the country s Congress in the 1990s and is reported to be running for President herself in 2018. She was the country s first lady from 2006 to 2012. Calderon made headlines earlier this year when he told CNBC that Mexico would not  pay a single cent for such a stupid wall. Zavala is right   Mexico denounces hate speech, and they especially denounce Donald Trump, whose favorability in the country is a whopping 2 percent. If Trump thinks the world doesn t respect us now, he should see how much we ll be hated if he wins.With President Pe a Nieto s approval rating at 23 percent, Mexico could very well find themselves electing their first female president, Margarita Zavala, in 2018. Imagine if the United States and Mexico, two close allies, both had strong female leaders guiding the conversation, breaking up the good old boys club, and strengthening Latin-American relations.With Mexico up in arms about Trump s visit (and rightfully so), the message has been sent: our allies south of the border appear to be With Her. And they appear to be with Zavala, at least on this issue.Featured image via Gage Skidmore",0
4837, Rob Reiner Has The Best Response To Trump Going To Mexico,"Donald Trump is going to Mexico, the place where he thinks only some of the people are good but most are rapists and criminals.From the very beginning of his campaign, Trump has repeatedly insulted our southern neighbor, even going so far as to promise to build a wall along the U.S.-Mexican border and claiming that he will force Mexico to pay for it.After the Republican nominee descended down an escalator to his podium to officially announce his candidacy last summer, Trump said this about the Mexican people. When Mexico sends its people, they re not sending their best,  Trump claimed.  They re bringing drugs. They re bringing crime. They re rapists. And some, I assume, are good people. The statement drew outrage across the country and immediately alienated Hispanic voters.But now Trump s words are coming back to bite him in the ass.On Wednesday, Trump plans to visit Mexico and it gave director Rob Reiner the opportunity to hilariously turn Trump s words against him. Clearly we re not sending our best to Mexico,  Reiner wrote on Twitter.  We re sending liars. We re sending narcissists. We re sending sociopaths. Clearly we re not sending our best to Mexico. We re sending liars. We re sending narcissists. We re sending sociopaths.  Rob Reiner (@robreiner) August 31, 2016And this isn t the only time Reiner has slammed Donald Trump.During an appearance on Real Time with Bill Maher earlier this month, Reiner offered an explanation for why Trump is saying all of these offensive things. It s easy to behave this way when you re mentally ill,  Reiner said.  It s not like he s trying to lose. He can t help himself. Donald Trump is a racist who is incapable of keeping his mouth shut. He insults people wherever he goes and if he somehow avoids an international incident while in Mexico it would be miraculous.But this is Donald Trump we are talking about so get ready for him to embarrass himself and America.Featured image via screenshot",0
4838, Fmr. Mexican President: Trump Is Not Welcome In Our Country (VIDEO),"Donald Trump has decided to make his way down to Mexico on Wednesday for a meeting with President Enrique Pena Nieto. For obvious reasons, this is a visit that is not being well received by the Mexican people. Trump s long history of insulting Mexico, its people, and Mexican immigrants in America has their community incensed at his nerve to show his face in Mexico City. Therefore, former Mexican President Vicente Fox has decided to weigh in on the situation.Appearing on CNN, Fox said: I m sure he s going to be rejected by everybody here in Mexico. We cannot accept this going on. And yes, it could be a desperate move.   To me, it is a desperate move on both sides. Fox went on to say that Trump  is not welcome to Mexico,  and continued: We don t like him. We don t want him. Fox also criticized current President Pena Nieto for entertaining Trump s visit: I think President Pena is taking an enormous political risk by hosting Trump,  going on to call Pena Nieto s decision a  big mistake.  Fox also straight   out apologized for the visit and the president s insistence on going along with it: I really apologize for our president taking this step forward. After that, Fox turned his attentions to Trump himself, and his many hypocrisies regarding the issues of immigration and trade: How can you believe him when we are hearing right now that he and his wife violated migration laws in the United States?How can he speak about trade war when he s manufacturing all his products for his business outside of the United States? It s absolutely incongruent, absolutely inconsistent. Fox then appealed directly to Americans, warning us of Trump s incompetence when it comes to being president: I just cannot envision him sitting on that chair that was the chair of President Washington, President Jefferson, President Kennedy, President Reagan   all the great presidents that nation has had.This guy is not up to be a president. Of course, Trump, unwilling to let any criticism go, actually tried to lie regarding a proposed visit with Vicente Fox. He lashed out at Fox on Twitter:Former President Vicente Fox, who is railing against my visit to Mexico today, also invited me when he apologized for using the ""f bomb.""  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) August 31, 2016Fox fired back, though, setting the record straight:@realDonaldTrump, I invited you to come and apologize to all Mexicans. Stop lying! Mexico is not yours to play with, show some respect.  Vicente Fox Quesada (@VicenteFoxQue) August 31, 2016Fox is likely right. The Mexican people  have every reason to loathe Donald Trump. Trump, in all his arrogance, likely thinks that this visit with President Pena Nieto will mean concessions   and, dare I say it   a check for his border wall. None of that will happen, though, and hopefully Trump returns from Mexico humiliated, as he so richly deserves.Watch video of Fox s comments below:Featured image via Patrick T. Fallon/Getty ",0
4839, Trumpkins Seriously Think Their Hero Will Return From Mexico With A Check For His Wall (TWEETS),"This is so horribly amazing that it defies description. Conservatives who have a bone up their asses about a southern border that s not nearly as porous as they insist actually believe that Donald Trump will come back from Mexico with a check for his border wall. Or, at least, a solid agreement for payment.They re on Twitter saying it. Even former members of Congress are saying it. Joe Walsh, who s a nitwit as it is, said that it would be  game, set and match  if Trump was able to accomplish that:You know, if @realDonaldTrump comes back from Mexico tomorrow with a big check from Mexico to pay for the wall that s game, set, match.  Joe Walsh (@WalshFreedom) August 31, 2016Okay, so it s common knowledge that Walsh is delusional. But so are others, apparently: Even Mexico s President knows #Trump will be our President; hence the invite! Thinking #1 will be cost of the Wall! https://t.co/e80TzXqr8M  NaniofTwo (@naniof_two) August 31, 2016Trump meeting with the president of Mexico tomorrow. I sense a wall is getting paid for pic.twitter.com/T54dxz58mn  Liberty New England (@LibertyNEblog) August 31, 2016 If Trump comes back from Mexico with a cheque for the Wall, then this election is OVER! #TrumpWins  FitAussieForTrump (@SmurfBoobs) August 31, 2016That s a checkmate on #progressives if #Trump gets any reconciliation w Mexico s President. Any agrmnt to build or fund the wall it s over!  Mudbone (@MGMiles76) August 31, 2016 @realDonaldTrump when your in #Mexico tomorrow don t forget to pick up the check for the wall. #MAGA #BuildTheWall  Trump Fan Minnesota (@Buildthewallcha) August 31, 2016While #SickHillary pops pills & slumbers, I ll bet #Trump returns from Mexico with a down payment on that wall  <grin>  NightStar (@NightStar44) August 31, 2016 Tomorrow Trump is going to demonstrate statesmanship by bringing a price quote for the wall directly to the rapists! https://t.co/Dpk5SekYwg  Hunter Bradley (@trainwreckgawkr) August 31, 2016 Mr Trump is headed over to Mexico ?? tomorrow to go pick up the check for the WALL! LoL! #MAGA #AmericaFirst #buildthewall #TrumpTrain ? ?  Jerry for TRUMP  (@123jerryv123) August 31, 2016 @HillaryClinton All Mexicans? Really? hum? The President of Mexico is meeting with Trump tomorrow to work out a deal on the WALL! #MAGA  Trent R. (@trex554) August 31, 2016That s an astonishing level of gullibility right there, but Trump is a demagogue and his loyal followers eat up every single one of his words. Even some conservative websites are peddling a lie that Mexico already agreed to pay for the wall: Because what s not written in this story is the Mexican political leadership arguing about the viability of the Southern Security Wall being built. They have conceded the most important aspect.The argument has moved beyond  will the wall be built,  and now is focusing on  who is going to pay for it.  The media will skip noticing that little nuance. The answer is that, if a President Trump even manages to get authorization for the wall, we will end up paying for it. Oh, sure, he ll claim that Mexico s paying for it with heavy tariffs and by ending NAFTA, and possibly other ways too, but the truth is that we will pay for it, since most of what he s saying about trade isn t likely to happen without him disbanding Congress.This would be hilarious if it wasn t so sad.Featured image by Spencer Platt/Getty Images",0
4840, Neil deGrasse Tyson SCHOOLED Right-Wing Columnist So Hard He Quit His Job In Shame,"A right-wing radio host has called it quits after he got owned by famous scientist Neil deGrasse Tyson.Last week, Neal Larson learned the hard way that there are humiliating consequences for spreading satire as a fact when the famous scientist fact-checked him into oblivion. I ve listened to Neil deGrasse Tyson before,  Larson wrote in the Twin Falls Times-News criticizing the astrophysicist for performing some interesting mathematics in relation to the Olympic medal count.But Larson went beyond that by accusing Tyson of mocking a little girl for wanting to live on Jupiter. And what I observe is a smart guy who consistently enjoys asserting his intellectual supremacy over others more than he actually likes educating. In one of his worse moments, Tyson mocked a 12-year-old girl who suggested she d like to live on Jupiter. He ridiculed her in the midst of a crowd, then later, several times, on Twitter. That told me everything I needed to know about Neil deGrasse Tyson.For that moment he was just a horse s astrophysicist. Naturally, Tyson did a little research and then responded to Larson with some bad news. The  incident  with a 9yr old girl never happened. It looks to be a hoax. No such tweets ever existed on November 29th, 2015, or on any other day. So you abrogated your journalistic integrity by not verifying what you read in somebody else s article, before using it as a foundational pillar in yours. Tyson s response went viral and humiliated the hell out of Larson to the point where he is now throwing in the towel to end his stint as a columnist.In what is now his final column, Larson admitted that he was checkmated by Tyson in one move. The instant it was picked up nationally, I was checkmated,  Larson wrote before playing the victim.  I had no recourse, no comparable media platform at my disposal. It was as terrible and as helpless as you can imagine. Even more disappointing, a few people that I honestly thought were friends, shared online my unfortunate story with glee. Seriously? How about practicing what you conservatives constantly preach to the rest of us and take some damn personal responsibility for once? After all, you re the one who printed satire as if it were fact, Mr. Larson. A simple look at the original source of the story would have been enough to figure out that it was fake. And you fell for it because you lack journalistic skills and integrity, which makes me wonder why the hell the Twin Falls Times-News let you get anywhere near their newspaper.But despite apologizing to Tyson for the blunder and the slander, Larson continued playing the victim throughout his last foray in print news. For those in the national spotlight, this is probably old hat, but I wasn t equipped to handle the influx, logistically or emotionally,  Larson wrote.  If anyone had sent a kind word or more gentle and constructive criticism, I apologize because I probably missed it in the onslaught of hate. Again, you slandered a man in an attempt to tarnish his reputation, Mr. Larson. You re lucky he didn t sue your ass on the spot because he damn sure has a bulletproof case against you, and yet you think you re the victim here?Neil deGrasse Tyson is an internationally recognized celebrity scientist. Did you honestly think your accusation would not become national news, especially once your target debunked your claim with facts?Neal Larson brought this humiliation on himself and he has no one to blame but himself for negative feedback he received.Now if only Tyson would monitor Larson s radio show and debunk the bullshit he spews on the airwaves. Perhaps Larson would be embarrassed enough to quit that job and go into hiding permanently.Featured image via Addicting Info",0
4841, REPORT: Trump’s Modeling Agency Is A Cover For Human Trafficking,"The majority of Donald Trump s campaign is built on xenophobia, but while his supporters are ranting non-stop about immigrants, Trump himself is taking full advantage of the flaws in our immigration system   at least according to a report in Mother Jones, in which Trump is accused of human trafficking (my words, not theirs).Are those words a little harsh? Well, according to the report, Trump Model Management has been using foreign models who arrived on tourist visas, not work visas. Yes, that s a violation of federal law. It gets worse, though. The models are what could be considered indentured servants because much of what they make goes right back into the pockets of Donald Trump.Founded in 1999, Trump Model Management  has risen to the top of the fashion market,  boasts the Trump Organization s website, and has a name  that symbolizes success.  According to a financial disclosure filed by his campaign in May, Donald Trump earned nearly $2 million from the company, in which he holds an 85 percent stake. Meanwhile, some former Trump models say they barely made any money working for the agency because of the high fees for rent and other expenses that were charged by the company.Mother Jones interviewed three of Trump s former models, all of whom arrived in this country without proper documentation to be working at all. All of whom compared working for Trump to  modern day slavery.  Two of those models make the claim that the agency urged them to lie.Two of the former Trump models said Trump s agency encouraged them to deceive customs officials about why they were visiting the United States and told them to lie on customs forms about where they intended to live. Anna said she received a specific instruction from a Trump agency representative:  If they ask you any questions, you re just here for meetings. That s not all. The models complained that they were forced to share a two bedroom apartment with at least 10 other models, all at very inflated prices. Most of the models are under age: It is like modern-day slavery  (Canadian born model Rachel) Blais said, adding that  most of the girls in the apartment that were not American didn t have a work visa. We re hoarded into these small spaces,  Kate recalled.  The apartment was like a sweatshop. I was by far the oldest in the house at the ripe old age of 18,  Anna added.Source: New York Daily NewsA few months ago, the Daily Mail reported on a former model who claims that she should have earned $75,000 a year working for Trump s agency, but she took home less than $5,000 in three years. She s suing Trump s agency.It s even rumored that Trump s wife Melania came to the U.S. illegally.Neither Mother Jones nor the Daily Mail used the words  human trafficking,  but according to the United Nations, the definition certainly applies:While there s no evidence in the report of prostitution and definitely no evidence of removal of organs, there was almost certainly deception, fraud and exploitation. Trump would never get away with paying American models so poorly, which is exactly why he imports them.Next time you hear Trump and his supporters chant,  lock her up,  remember this story. Not only is Trump not fit to be President, he s not fit to be out of prison.Featured image via Stephen Lovekin/Getty Images",0
4842, One Of Trump’s Closest Allies Just Called For Banning Women And Poor People From Voting (AUDIO),"This is why no one should vote for a Republican ever again. Period.Donald Trump becoming president would be one of the scariest times in our history. And that s because democracy itself would be shattered if conservatives like Wayne Allyn Root have their way.During an interview with radio host Rob Schilling on Monday, Root, who is often the opening speaker and Master of Ceremonies at Trump rallies, openly called for stripping welfare and Medicaid recipients of their right to vote and said women who get  free contraception  should be barred from voting as well so that Republicans can win every election in this country by a landslide. So if the people who payed the taxes were the only ones allowed to vote, we d have landslide victories,  Root said,  but you re allowing people to vote. This explains everything! People with conflict of interest shouldn t be allowed to vote. If you collect welfare, you have no right to vote. The day you get off welfare, you get your voting rights back. The reality is, why are you allowed to have this conflict of interest that you vote for the politician who wants to keep your welfare checks coming and your food stamps and your aid to dependent children and your free health care and your Medicaid, your Medicare and your Social Security and everything else?Social Security should not, Medicare should not, because you paid into the system. But all the other stuff, all the other goodies, free Obama phones, free contraception, you know what, you can get them but you shouldn t be allowed to vote, it s a conflict of interest. Take that away, we d win every single election in this country. Here s the audio via Right Wing Watch:This is definitive proof that Donald Trump is too dangerous to be be president. And it is proof that conservatives are hell bent on taking away voting rights so they can gain absolute power.But there s a big problem with Root s plan. You see, Root s idea is based on the premise that minorities and liberals make up most of the people who take federal aid.In reality, Republicans would be stripping their own constituents of the right to vote if they listen to Root.According to Pew Research, the states where the most Americans are on welfare are red states, including, Wisconsin, Missouri, Tennessee, Texas, South Carolina, North Carolina, Arizona, New Mexico, Louisiana, Mississippi, Georgia, Alabama, Maine, and Arkansas. Ohio, Pennsylvania, and Florida, which are considered battleground states but are also run by Republicans, are also on this list.And why are these states on this list? The answer is because Republican economic policies like the one Wayne Allyn Root supports, have swept more and more people into poverty, thus increasing the need for food assistance.In other words, Root s plan would have the opposite effect because it would keep many conservatives from voting in red states, which would devastate Republican majorities in those state legislatures.Furthermore, as Right Wing Watch points out, women don t actually get  free  birth control. The insurance companies are mandated to cover contraception in their health plans. In short, taxpayers are not paying for it, the women are paying for it every time they pay their premiums. One would think a businessman like Root would understand that, but who ever said Root was a competent businessman. After all, he s hanging out with Donald Trump. But the idea that we should strip women of their right to vote just because they get contraception is outrageous. And now we can add another reason why women should never vote for Republicans.In fact, the idea that we should strip any citizen in this nation of their right to vote is an affront to democracy and should by all rights lead to a landslide victory for Hillary Clinton in November.In other words, it s time to vote like it could be the last time we ever get a chance to do so, because if Republicans like Root have their way, it will be.Featured Image: Ralph Freso/Getty Images",0
4843, House Conservatives Planning To End Paul Ryan: ‘You Got To Stab Somebody’,"House Speaker Paul Ryan may have been hoping to be re-elected come January, but thanks to his fellow conservatives it looks like he doesn t have a chance. In fact, House GOPers are actively conspiring against Ryan to make sure that he doesn t succeed.Although these anti-Ryan conservatives don t have enough votes to oust their current Speaker of the House, they are plotting a coup movement to stop him from being elected again   a move that could very well have an even bigger impact on his political career further down the line. As a conservative member explained to The Huffington Post: If he loses the speaker election, he s not going to be president. In a nutshell, Ryan s fellow conservatives are trying to kick him out of his position because he s not being the kind of  conservative  they want him to be. Republicans really know how to stick together in a time when they need unity to save them from Donald Trump s circus.Of course, this would be completely humiliating for Ryan and even if his conservative haters couldn t indefinitely prevent Ryan from getting on the ballot for re-election, they might use this leverage to get certain changes made for their own benefit. The Huffington Post explained that these GOPers are looking for increasing caucus representation on committees, bulking up subcommittee staff with hard-liners who could be groomed for election, allowing the GOP House campaign arm to collect contributions for the Freedom Caucus that could be directed to conservative candidates, and clarifying rules-suspension votes. And some of these House conservatives are just plain furious that the GOP has taken on more moderate candidates   and they re taking their frustration out on Ryan. One member explained this by using an extremely inappropriate, strange analogy: How can you have a gang, and have one in your gang get stabbed, and do nothing? You got to stab somebody, or else what s the point of having a gang? Ryan has been House Speaker for less than a year, and his party is already going public with plans to oust him. This just shows what a mess the GOP is right now. Their Republican nominee is the worst thing to happen to the party, and this is further proof that the GOP as we know it is dividing and falling apart.Featured image via Win McNamee / Getty Images",0
4844," Marco Rubio Really Wants To Win Reelection, But Won’t Rule Out Puling A Sarah Palin (VIDEO)","Marco Rubio hates his job. Last year, he said he wasn t going to run for reelection because he was  frustrated.  He also had one of the worst attendance records in the Senate. Now, Rubio wants his job back, but, as if his voters haven t been screwed enough from him, he won t promise he ll finish his term out.In an interview Tuesday, CNN s Manu Raju asked Rubio if he would commit to serving the entirety of his term, to which the Florida Republican said: No one can make that commitment because you don t know what the future s gonna hold in your life   personally or politically. I can commit to you this,  Rubio said.  That if I am running to be a U.S. Senator, I am fully prepared to allow the U.S. Senate to be the last political office I ever hold. Source: Independent JournalHere s the video:.@mkraju to Marco Rubio: can you commit to serving a full 6 year term?Rubio:  No one can make that commitment https://t.co/q5Lh26jjed  Joe Perticone (@JoePerticone) August 30, 2016Rubio s seat is important to both Republicans and Democrats. It could help turn the balance of power one way or another and despite Rubio s horrible tenure and his ambivalence toward the office he s trying to hold, Democrats are facing an uphill battle.Right now, two Democrats are eyeing the Senate in Florida, former Rep. Alan Grayson and Rep. Patrick Murphy. It s expected that Murphy, the more centrist of the two candidates, will win the nomination, but the election is another story. So far, Rubio is handily winning in most polls. Two show him within the margin of error.This fact is kind of amazing, considering Rubio has the absolute worst attendance record in the Senate.Of course, that might actually play well with his anti-government base, who would seemingly rather elect someone who s just a placeholder and an obstructionist, rather than someone who actually does his job for the people of Florida. This is why this country can t have nice things   literally.Featured image via Joe Raedle/Getty Images.",0
4845," Newt Gingrich Attempted To Stiff Small Businesses, FEC Shot Him Down","Newt Gingrich, former House Speaker and now Trump-surrogate, apparently pulled a page out of the Republican presidential nominee s playbook when he attempted to stiff over 144 businesses (including dozens of small businesses) who helped him with his 2012 failed presidential campaign.Gingrich, who owes over $4 million in campaign debt, recently filed documents with the Federal Elections Commission to effectively detail a debt settlement that would end his presidential election committee, thus allowing him to escape paying the millions back to creditors and consultants who helped his campaign.Many of these small businesses manufactured lawn signs and organized TV spots for the Republican candidate, who four years later would be runner-up on Donald Trump s V.P. slot.Luckily the FEC wasn t having any of it rejected Gingrich s debt settlement, saying that his plan does not  meet the requirement  under federal election law because it  contains no debt settlement agreements and must continue to file all required reports.  So instead of the FEC taking action right now, Gingrich will have to complete the entire process of debt settlement plan procedures.Gingrich, who is worth anywhere between $7 to $30 million, has some nerve stiffing small business owners when they poured their resources into his failed presidential campaign. Perhaps this is why Trump didn t pick him: they both have gotten flak for stiffing honest, hardworking business owners.It s time Republicans take responsibility for their actions and pay their debts. While busy running small businesses into the ground, they have the gall to stand up on stages and podiums and proclaim to be saviors of small businesses.So many people have been hurt at the hands of Republicans, it s hard to keep track. But this election has shown the American people one thing: Republicans do not pay back their debts, and they will crush anyone to save a buck.Hopefully, the FEC denied Gingrich again and forces him to pay back his debts to those who helped him. If he were an honest conservative (fiscal responsibility?), this wouldn t even be an issue in the first place.Featured image via John Moore/Getty Images",0
4846, WATCH: Trump Supporter Calls For Sending Black People Back To Africa,"Donald Trump s pathetic outreach effort to sway black voters into supporting him just took a major hit.Just when you thought Trump and his supporters couldn t say anything worse to offend black people, a North Carolina pastor who supports the Republican nominee just pitched a  let s send black people back to Africa  plan reminiscent of similar ideas racists have had throughout American history.During an interview with CNN host Carol Costello, Thomas Rodgers, Sr. of Antioch Road to Glory International Ministries advocated on the air for  returning  black people to Africa to get jobs building a road to the United States across the Atlantic Ocean.Rodgers claimed that African-Americans  do not seek dual citizenship  and said that is why black people join gangs. Oh, he also says black people have  no vision  and  no leadership. African-Americans are the only people in the world who do not seek dual citizenship. That s why Chicago gangs, California gangs, the Crips and the Bloods and Detroit in Michigan   we have gangs in the streets because blacks have no vision, they have no leadership. Costello then asked Rodgers to explain his idea to build a bridge to Africa, and that s when the interview completely went off the rails. Matter of fact, where our ancestors came from, from the Indian Ocean all the way across the Atlantic Ocean, that s 4,000 miles and we want to go back and help with the highways all the way across, to create jobs, train rails, pipelines, oil, petroleum. They create jobs for young people that can t find jobs here, that the Democrats have not did. Of course, the unemployment rate in the black community dropped to 8.2 percent under the policies of President Obama, a Democrat and it was 6 percent under Democratic President Bill Clinton. So Rodgers is wrong on that point.A confused Costello asked,  So you are suggesting young people in trouble should go back to Africa, perhaps to find jobs? Rodgers argued semantics, claiming that he is just calling for black people  to return  to Africa, which is basically the same thing as going back, just using a different wording. And then he claimed that black people don t want to stay in this country. It s a clause in the United Nations charter, our right to return, to help build infrastructure. Everybody don t want to stay here. We are skilled people. Rodgers  remarks drew laughter from strategist Angela Rye, whose facial reactions while Rodgers spoke were the same that every normal person watching at home were making, pointed out that building a literal bridge between the United States and Africa is impossible.Here s the video via YouTube.The suggestion that black people should be sent back or  returned  to Africa has been around for a long time, particularly by white supremacists who want to turn America white again, which is why they support Donald Trump.It s offensive and suggests that black people are not capable of living in Western societies.The fact is, however, that systemic racism in this country has held African-Americans back and that is what needs to change. Black people do not need to be sent back anywhere. The system just has to be fixed so that it benefits everyone equally.Rodgers  remarks should guarantee that Republicans never get a vote from a black person ever again.Featured image via Spencer Platt/Getty Images",0
4847, Poll Shows Growing Number Of Republicans Don’t Think Trump Is The Best Option For The GOP,"With 70 days until election day and Hillary Clinton still up (significantly) in the polls, it appears Republicans may be doubting who they chose as their presidential nominee.According to a new poll released from HuffPost/YouGov on Monday, 54 percent of Republican and Republican-leaning voters said Donald Trump is not the best nominee for their party. That number is up 10 points since this question was last asked in June, when 44 percent said he was not the best option. Monday s poll also showed that only 35 percent of Republicans were satisfied with Trump being the nominee, down from 44 percent in June.However, Republicans feel they are stuck. When asked if they could have a do-over in the primaries, only 39 percent said they would choose someone different. Ted Cruz, Trump s closest rival, garnered 15 percent among responders, with Marco Rubio coming in third at 14 percent, and the rest of the candidates divvied up among 10 points. Twenty-nine percent said they would still have backed Trump.In contrast, 53 percent of Democrats who were polled are content with Clinton being their party s nominee, while 37 percent do not.Republicans, you reap what you sow. It must suck to have a candidate throwing an election away, killing the party  chances of taking back the House, and making a mockery of the United States abroad. The GOP made their bed and now they are going to lie in it.With the Senate and Supreme Court hanging in the balance for Republicans, Trump has continued a campaign of foot-in-mouth, angering many right-wing diehards like Ann Coulter and Sarah Palin for a supposed  flip-flop  on immigration, while simultaneously keeping moderate Republicans at arm s length.In other words, the GOP is having a complete meltdown. Trump, once seen as the conservative savior for the Republican Party, is not hated by factions on both sides of the ideological coin.Featured image via Stephen Maturen/Getty Images",0
4848, GOP Already Planning To Obstruct Clinton On Everything,"Republicans are holding up Merrick Garland s nomination to the Supreme Court under the completely B.S. guise of  let the next president choose. Well, if the next President of the United States is Hillary Clinton, there s a good chance Garland (or a different nominee should Clinton pick someone to Garland s left) won t be confirmed.Republicans, 70 days out from the election, are already plotting to obstruct everything Hillary Clinton wants to accomplish, starting on her first day.A recent report for Politico details the Republican Party s  wake up call  to Clinton, with one Republican staffer saying,  her four years will look a lot like the last six years of Obama.  That same staffer, who is apparently  influential  in Congressional proceedings, quipped,  She s talking about things the president couldn t get done; why does she think she will have more luck? After saying things like  I will be president for Democrats, Republicans and independents,  and telling Trump-weary Republicans that they have a home in the Democratic Party, the GOP responds with nothing but what they know best: obstruction.Republicans are already planning on unleashing a new line of obstructionism: pitting Democrats against Clinton.Republican operatives on the Hill, for instance, are already planning to block Clinton s agenda by strategically targeting individual Democratic senators who will be up for reelection in 2018. Take Joe Manchin in West Virginia,  explained one GOP operative of the strategy.  If Hillary puts up an anti-coal, pro-EPA judge for the Supreme Court, the smart play is to start pressuring him with an advocacy campaign to vote no.  Voting with Clinton would jeopardize his reelection chances, and voting against her would rob her of a Democratic Senate vote she couldn t afford to lose without the 60 votes needed to filibuster.So not only can Republicans NOT win on their ideas, they have to coerce Democrats to turn against their own or else they face the wrath of Koch-backed money pouring into midterm elections.The next time a Republican blames Washington s gridlock and hyper partisanship on the Democrats, kindly remind them that Republicans were the ones who met on President Obama s inauguration night to oppose him, and are now pledging (before the election is even over) to obstruct Hillary Clinton.Featured image via Justin Sullivan/Getty Images",0
4849, WATCH: White Racist Tells Black Quarterback To Stand For National Anthem Or Lose Citizenship,"Glenn Beck stooge Tomi Lahren thinks that citizenship in this country requires that we always stand for the national anthem and respect the flag, even though we have the right to not do either.But the whiny white racist took to Facebook on Monday night to lecture San Francisco 49ers quarterback Colin Kaepernick and threaten his constitutionally protected citizenship because he chose to sit during the national anthem on Friday in protest of police brutality against black people. I am not going to stand up to show pride in a flag for a country that oppresses black people and people of color,  Kaepernick told the press.  To me, this is bigger than football and it would be selfish on my part to look the other way. There are bodies in the street and people getting paid leave and getting away with murder. Kaepernick is following in the footsteps of athletes like Muhammad Ali and Jackie Robinson, and like them, he has been viciously attacked by racists like Lahren for drawing attention to the plight of African-Americans in this country. Colin, if this country disgusts you so much   leave,  Lahren said.  I guarantee there are thousands and thousands of people around the world who would gladly take your spot, because those that don t live under this flag are banging on the door to get in, not get out. Remember that. Except that Lahren and her conservative allies have actively supported Donald Trump, who has called for building a wall to keep Latinos out of the country and called for banning Muslims from immigrating here. So when Lahren says  thousands of people  you gotta wonder exactly what people she is talking about. All people or just those with white skin who practice Christianity?Lahren then got personal and demonstrated why black voters will never vote Republican. What s your contribution? Sitting there like a fool?  Lahren viciously continued.  What s selfish is you, buddy. And what s your message to black kids, to people of color? That their biggest contribution to justice and self-fulfillment is to parade around with a chip on their shoulder like a victim? Basically, Lahren is saying that fighting for civil rights and equality means that black people are playing the victim because people like her think racism doesn t exist in America.And then she lectured about how white people are not to blame for problems in black communities, even though white lawmakers established systemic racism that has lasted for decades in order to keep black Americans at a disadvantage compared to their white counterparts. Once again, Lahren got personal. Colin, how dare you sit there and blame white people for the problems (in) the minority communities?After all, aren t you half white? Didn t two white parents adopt you after yours weren t willing to raise you? For a racist and horrible country filled with racist and horrible white people, that s really something, isn t it? Here s the video via Facebook:Of course, Kaepernick never specifically blamed white people for anything in his remarks. He is simply speaking out against police brutality against black people, something that has become an epidemic in this country.But you won t hear Lahren talk about police brutality. She thinks the police are totally justified when they shoot black people and has said police will keep killing black people until they stop protesting.This vile piece of trailer park trash has been on the air long enough. It s one thing to have an opinion, but when that opinion is ignorant and hateful it should not be allowed to spread like the plague to poison other minds.Featured Image: Screenshot",0
4850, CNN Guest SMACKS DOWN Trump Supporter For Racist Gun Violence Comments (VIDEO),"Infamous Donald Trump surrogate and supporter Scottie Nell Hughes thought she was going on CNN yesterday to make yet another pathetic attempt to get African-American voters to support The Donald (even though he is currently polling at ZERO with black voters)   but her plans quickly went astray when political strategist Angelia Rye called her out for defending Trump.Cooper began the segment by running a few emotional interviews featuring three black women who had lost their children due to gun violence. In making her completely flawed case, Hughes told host Anderson Cooper that Trump would be able to bring  hope  to black communities as well as jobs. She said: It s these urban areas, 44 cities, where crime is going up as well as gang violence. So there s an issue that needs to be addressed by those kinds of   those communities, and they need to be supported whether it s through law enforcement or education. Rye didn t hesitate to point out everything that was wrong with those comments, and drop a few truth bombs in the process. Rye jumped in, pointing out that Trump and his supporters are so racist they hardly realize it: A couple of things. One is   gun violence specifically   the overall crime rate has been on a steady decline since the 1980s. But I think that it s really important to watch the words that we use. When we say,  Those communities, those people,  who are we talking about? Referencing one of the interviews that had prefaced the conversation, Rye echoed a woman s doubts that Trump could really take on Chicago s crime in  a week,  like he says he can. Rye also reminded Hughes that Trump has had zero empathy for the black community and those who have been killed by police brutality, racial profiling and gun violence. She said: Donald Trump was busy calling people who look like me thugs, blaming the victim in these instances of gun violence and police brutality. That is deeply troubling to me and not only to me, but I m sure to several other   I can t speak for all African-Americans   but to other African-Americans. You can watch Rye lay into Hughes below:Featured image via screenshot",0
4851, Trump Is LITERALLY Polling At 0% With Black People (IMAGE/VIDEO),"Donald Trump s recent African-American  outreach  efforts seem to have been wasted. Sure, he basically spends his time talking to white people about black people rather than actually visiting black communities, and that might not be the most effective use of his time, but as his former campaign manager Corey Lewandowski points out Trump doesn t actually feel safe around  the blacks,  as he calls African-Americans.Monday night, Public Policy Polling released a preview of a new poll that lets people know exactly how well screaming at white people about black people sits with the African-American community. And as Rachel Maddow revealed on her show, it doesn t seem to work very well. Trump is polling at an astounding 0% favorability rating with African-Americans with a whopping 97% unfavorability rating (though the 3% undecided, of course, might allow him to pull himself up to a whole 3%).New PPP poll released on @maddow right now  TRUMP FAV/UNFAV with African American voters is:Fav: 0%UnFav: 97%Undecided 3%  Jesse Ferguson (@JesseFFerguson) August 30, 2016The poll, which was conducted August 26-28 and has a margin of error of +/- 3%, also asked African-Americans to compare Trump to a number of things generally detested by society. He lost to personal injury lawyers, middle seats on airplanes, carnies, Ryan Lochte, junk mail, mosquitoes, the Bubonic Plague, and even bedbugs.The good news for Donald Trump in this PPP exclusive? Lots of opportunity for growth!#Maddow#BrightSides pic.twitter.com/6g5pny5usq  Maddow Blog (@MaddowBlog) August 30, 2016Overall, the poll shows Clinton leading Trump 42-37%, with Gary Johnson snagging 6% and Jill  Moon Beam  Stein somehow earning 4% of the vote and 10% undecided.Trump isn t exactly known for his love of African-Americans. Not only have his inflammatory remarks cemented him as the  KKK candidate,  but he actively practiced housing discrimination against black people, reportedly ordered all black people off the floor when visiting his businesses, argued in 1987 that five innocent black teens accused of rape should be executed (in fact, he took out a full-page newspaper ad to make this case), complained about  black guys counting [his] money,  has repeatedly questioned President Obama s citizenship, and much, much more.More recently, he has portrayed African-Americans as individuals with  no education  who are jobless with  no homes  who live in  war zones. His recent  outreach  efforts have been dismal as well, with The Donald seizing upon a NBA star s family member s death to say that the murder will cause Black people to vote for him:Dwyane Wade's cousin was just shot and killed walking her baby in Chicago. Just what I have been saying. African-Americans will VOTE TRUMP!  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) August 27, 2016While Trump doesn t much talk to black people enough to know how much they hate him, The Star spoke to some African-Americans in Philadelphia, and they aren t exactly fans: Extremely insulting. And I think purposely insulting,  said lawyer Rasheedah Phillips, 32. He s getting the ships ready. He wants to send us back over to Africa,  said Douglas Skipworth, 33, who does maintenance work. Black folk aren t fooled by this thing. African-Americans are clear about who Trump is,  said professor Anyabwile Love, 41, watching his 2-year-old son.  Many other elections, local and national, it s been the lesser of the two evils. In this, it s not even lesser of two evils. It s one is completely against us and one is not. Trump has a historically dreadful approval rating with black voters, as low as 1 per cent. But as he frantically attempts to convince white people that he is not a racist, black people have suddenly become central to his message.Which black people believe is racist.[ ] I haven t been shot. I got an education,  said Donte, a 17-year-old high school student.  Or   Ihave an education. Just in case he hears this. The contempt was strong. Navy veteran Rodney Thomas, 50, said he stopped paying attention to Trump long ago, his mind made up, for this reason:  I hate stupidity. Watch Maddow reveal the poll results below:Featured image via video screenshot",0
4852, FBI Finds Evidence That Foreign Hackers Infiltrated U.S. Election Systems,"Another day, another foreign hack into America s electoral system. This time, the hackers aren t targeting the Democratic Party specifically, but rather the state elections systems in an attempt to disrupt the General Election in November.According to the FBI, intelligence officials have sent out warnings, titled  Targeting Activity Against State Board of Election Systems  to state officials, claiming that cyber intrusions at the hands of (allegedly) Russian state-sponsored hackers have penetrated the election systems, with independent reports concluding that among the states affected were Arizona and Illinois. The FBI told  NEED TO KNOW  state officials that they have obtained evidence of  exfiltration,  which is the theft of voter registration data, among other offenses:In the Illinois case, officials were forced to shut down the state s voter registration system for 10 days in late July, after the hackers managed to download personal data on up to 200,000 state voters, Ken Menzel, the general counsel of the Illinois Board of Elections, said in an interview. The Arizona attack was more limited, involving malicious software that was introduced into its voter registration system but no successful exfiltration of data, a state official said.The FBI bulletin posted is requesting that  states contact their Board of Elections and determine if any similar activity to their logs, both inbound and outbound, has been detected. The FBI was able to determine that the hacks were foreign based on eight separate IP addresses that were linked to the sources of the hack, with two of them coming from Russian-backed hackers flagged in the past.Although not coming to any conclusions as of yet, Ken Menzel, the general counsel of the Illinois Board of Election, said the FBI, while certain it was foreign, are still trying to find a possible link between this and the Russian-based group found to have breached the DNC.How interesting that these possible breaches are coming once again from the Russians, after the links between their cozy relationship with the Trump campaign (and Trump asking for hacks) have been exposed. Considering Trump feels the election will be  rigged  against him should Clinton win, it would come as no surprise if these hacks had something to do with making sure Trump has a comfortable win.Trump, are you sure hackings are the way to go this election?",0
4853," Trump Fans Were Scammed For Over $1 Million, And The Donald Is ANGRY","The Trump campaign is hopping mad over an unaffiliated super PAC that used the lure of a dinner with Donald Trump to take in over $1 million from unsuspecting Trump groupies. The super PAC, American Horizons PAC, set up a website at dinnerwithtrump.org and told Trump fans that their donations would enter them into a drawing to eat dinner with the reality TV star and Republican presidential candidate.In reality, the drawing   set up by 25-year-old Ian Hawes, simply offers tickets to an already existing fundraiser for Trump. There is no guarantee that the winner would get to actually meet Trump, a stipulation hidden on the website in very fine print.Furthermore, documents filed with the Federal Elections Commission by the PAC showed that much of the money being donated is going to a company affiliated with Hawes, and not to Trump or other Republican candidates. It is the latest in what has been described as a  scam PAC  that is so prevalent on the right.The Trump campaign has now issued a cease-and-desist letter, attempting to stop the PAC. You are knowingly defrauding every person who gives you his or her email address or who makes a donation through your unauthorized website,  reads a letter from Trump s campaign attorney, Donald McGahn, to the super PAC.The PAC was able to take advantage of the fact that Trump and the Republican Party have been woefully unprepared for the election. They haven t spent much of the money they ve received on TV ads or organizers in key states, nor have they clearly indicated a preference for a super PAC for well-heeled Republicans to donate to. As a result, these fly-by-night PACs have sprung up and using advertising on Facebook, Google, and cable news (mostly Fox News) they are able to tap in to angry Trump voters who think they re donating to help the Donald and take down Hillary Clinton.Like so much associated with Trump, it s turning into a mess.Featured image via Flickr",0
4854, WikiLeaks Has Sunk To New Journalistic Lows – They’re Bribing People For Dirt,"It s not illegal, but it s long been considered unethical for journalists to pay their sources. It still happens, but generally by tabloids. WikiLeaks  Julian Assange believes that his is not a tabloid, and in fact, he believes that he is so far above mainstream media sources, that it s okay for him to pay for stories, which is exactly what he s doing, trying to dig up dirt on both Hillary Clinton and Donald Trump. Police rewards product results. So do journalistic rewards,  a spokesperson for Sunshine Press, of which Wikileaks is a project, told Huffington Post in an email.  Those who take the truth seriously leave no stone unturned to find it. As for the ethics, well, WikiLeaks breaths rarified air: Some lesser publications have poor quality control and as a consequence are not able to maintain accuracy when financial incentives are involved. Or frankly, even when they are not,  the spokesperson said, pointing to the New York Times publishing false information about Iraq having weapons of mass destruction as an example.  WikiLeaks  vetting process is strong enough not to be affected by an increase in source contributions. Wait, what? WikiLeaks has a vetting process? This is the same organization that published more than 80 strains of malware in its most recent email dump. Oh, and there s a reason they re called email dumps   WikiLeaks doesn t vet, they simply dump, leaving other journalists to sort through to find the real information. While the New York Times certainly doesn t deserve the level of respect they had before the Iraq War, I can say with certainty that they ve never infected my computer with malware.This isn t the first time WikiLeaks has paid to play. Last year, they offered $100,000 for information relating to the Trans-Pacific Partnership (TPP). Earlier in the month, WikiLeaks offered $20,000 for anyone with information that might link the murder of a DNC staffer in Washington D.C. to the Hillary Clinton campaign. All they ended up doing was fueling Alex Jones-type conspiracy theorists.Assange has received a lot of criticism from those on the left, claiming that he s trying to put his thumb on the scale of our electoral process in an attempt to defeat Clinton. I m sure his claim that he s also going after Trump is a convincing cover for that, but think about it. Assange is offering $100,000. Trump could easily double or triple that to keep someone quiet. Yes, the Clintons have money, but not Trump money.Featured image via Carl Court/Getty Images.",0
4855, Maine GOP State Senator Sick Of His Bullsh*t Demands Censure Of Governor Paul LePage,"Republicans in Maine tolerated Governor Paul LePage and his offensive words and actions for a long time, but now they are finally sick of him.LePage has constantly characterized blacks and Hispanics as drug-dealers and  the enemy  but it was a voicemail message he left for Democratic state Rep. Drew Gattine that finally caused Republicans to say enough is enough. I would like to talk to you about your comments about my being a racist, you cocksucker,  LePage said.  I want to talk to you. I want you to prove that I m a racist. I ve spent my life helping black people and you little son-of-a-bitch, socialist cocksucker. You   I need you to, just friggin    I want you to record this and make it public because I am after you. Thank you. Clearly, LePage lost his sh*t in this message and actually threatened a member of the state legislature.That s a line too far, says Republican state Senator Amy Volk.Volk is so disgusted with LePage that she is seeking a censure, which is a formal resolution expressing severe disapproval that will be on the record. Up until this point, I have refrained from publicly criticizing any of the governor s behavior both out of respect for the office and a desire to preserve a working relationship with him and his staff,  Volk explained.  But this latest and the unwelcome attention it has brought to our state is a bridge too far. My understanding is that it would be by a vote of the legislature that it s sort of an official reprimand entered into the record so you know some sort of displeasure with the governor s behavior,  she added.A censure is a pretty big deal, especially when it s being called for by a member of the governor s own party.Frankly, LePage should have been censured and impeached a long time ago.After all, his outbursts and damaging decisions have embarrassed the state so much that Maine s largest newspaper actually apologized to the nation for him ever being elected to begin with. Dear America: Maine here,  the Portland Press Herald began: Please forgive us   we made a terrible mistake. We managed to elect and re-elect a governor who is unfit for high office. He has a gruff exterior and blunt way of talking that some of us find refreshing, but he has shown again and again that he governs by grudge, and uses his power to beat up on people who cannot fight back. Unfortunately for Maine, unless Republicans grow a spine and impeach their inflammatory governor they will be stuck with him until 2019, giving him plenty of time to humiliate himself and the state even more than he has already.Featured image via Flickr",0
4856, Andrea Tantaros Dares Fox News To Take Lie Detector Test Over Sexual Harassment Allegations,"Andrea Tantaros is ramping up the pressure on her former employers and colleagues to answer for their behavior and face the consequences.Earlier this month, the former Fox host declared war on the conservative network by slapping them with a sexual harassment lawsuit which names Bill O Reilly among other such as Roger Ailes and Bill Shine.According to the lawsuit, Fox News masquerades as a defender of traditional family values, but behind the scenes, it operates like a sex-fueled, Playboy Mansion-like cult, steeped in intimidation, indecency and misogyny. Indeed, Tantaros says she was never allowed to wear pants on set and that Ailes seriously creeped her out on multiple occasions by obsessing with her legs and asking her to spin around for him so he could ogle her. When refused to comply with his outrageous demand he retaliated by firing her from The Five and placed her on a lower rated show.Top executives attempted to pay Tantaros off if she would drop her allegations but she turned the offer down.Fox News has denied the allegations, of course, but that isn t stopping Tantaros from charging ahead.Buzzfeed reports that Tantaros is upping the ante by daring Fox News personnel to take a lie detector test and offered to take one in return so that it can be determined who is telling the truth and who is lying.It s a brilliant move on Tantaros  part. If Fox declines it can be assumed that they have something to hide, like guilt. It would also vindicate Tantaros and give further credence to her allegations.Tantaros even released the questions she wants certain Fox News personnel to answer.For instance, a series of questions for Roger Ailes will seek to determine if he did, in fact, say inappropriate things to Tantaros in the workplace or if he ever retaliated against her for refusing his advances.Here s an image of the questions via Buzzfeed Editor Kyle Blaine.A series of question posed to Ailes  replacement Bill Shine includes whether or not he knew about Tantaros  complaints about Ailes and whether or not someone within the company arranged for negative comments to be spread about her on social media.Questions for Fox News Executive Vice President Dianne Brandi inquire if she had knowledge of Tantaros  complaints about the hostile working environment and if Fox has paid money to more than six women to settle sexual harassment suits.And finally, questions for Irena Briganti and Bill O Reilly include whether Briganti helped Ailes retaliate against Tantaros and whether O Reilly hit on her and made inappropriate comments about her.Tantaros  lawyers go on to state that  an innocent person would jump at the chance for this kind of vindication  and added that their client would  not risk offering this proposal  if she  were not telling the truth. To put it bluntly, Andrea Tantaros is taking her feud with Fox News to whole new level and these questions are damning all on their own without Fox answering any of them.For years, Fox News treated women like powerless sex objects. Now they are finding out just how powerful women can be, especially when they are pissed off about being treated like shit.Featured image via screenshot",0
4857, Racist Donald Trump Actually Has The NERVE To Speak About March On Washington Anniversary (TWEET),"Monday, August 29, happens to be the 53rd anniversary of the Civil Rights March on Washington, in which civil rights icon Martin Luther King, Jr. made his iconic  I Have a Dream  speech. It is a landmark point in the history of Black Americans gaining legal civil rights. Therefore, the last person who should be speaking out on this event is the racist Republican presidential nominee, Donald Trump. But, speak out he did, and he actually had the unabashed gall to try and pretend he cares about equality. Here is the tweet:Today is the 53rd anniversary of the March on Washington   today we honor the enduring fight for justice, equality and opportunity.  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) August 28, 2016Now, you must understand, Donald Trump has a long and well-documented history of racism. Here are just a few of those instances:I could go on, but you get the picture. This guy is a dyed in the wool, bona fide racist. He DARES to try and say he cares about equality and justice for minorities, but clearly, he doesn t  just look at his actions, the bigoted nature of his campaign, as well as the people he surrounds himself with. Further, his so-called  outreach  is only Trump s attempt to be a white whisperer to those white people who are too uncomfortable to vote for him if they sincerely believe him to be a racist. Newsflash, folks: Donald Trump IS a racist. His history and the nature of his campaign shows it. He s only pandering for votes because he knows he cannot win in November with only white people. Do not be fooled   Trump is a racist demagogue, and no amount of attempting to pander and change his language changes that.Featured image via Ralph Freso/Getty Images",0
4858," Sarah Palin Faceplants, Immediately Starts Speaking In Tongues About Hillary (IMAGE)","Half-term Governor of Alaska and professional grifter Sarah Palin faceplanted while  rock running  so naturally, she took to her Facebook account to bash Hillary Clinton. Sarah seems to think that Hillary is in hiding and she links to several Breitbart posts to prove it. Stop laughing. She s super-serious. We re not going to link to the Alt-Right site but those links are on her page.Sarah somehow connected her accident to Hillary Clinton. Leave Hillary Alone, Bullies,  Sarah sarcastically writes in her post. Aww, c mon guys, give her a break. Anyone can be out of commission . for weeks on end  whilst in the heat of battle for the highest office in the land. No press conferences for nearly a year?,  she continues.  No scheduled campaign events for days upon days? No statements, no answers, no accountability, no problem. Layin  low to run out the clock before November, but you re SEXIST for noticing it. And you re MISOGYNIST for questioning a female s fitness. Good thing media didn t hound the crap out of  08 candidate John McCain for his decades-old military medical records or I d guess them to be hypocrites,  she writes, with no respect for the English language. Leave Hillary alone! All that email-evidenced yoga, and wedding planning, and cookie-baking-grandma-duty wears you out. Believe you me,  she states. Seriously though, is that an actual sentence? Heck, even those of us claiming to be fit as a (seasoned?) fiddle, hit bumps in the wellness road. Even I. Especially I. (Remember Piper s middle name is  Grace ; mine isn t.),  she writes. Rock-running recently, I tripped over my own two feet and crashed & burned face-first. I recovered with the doc s SuperGlue, and now any man who asks  what happened?  I ll refer to as just a mean ol  SEXIST bully,  Palin continues. Glad for Hillary s protective media s precedence. The next woman running for POTUS has no need to answer to much of anything, for we ve got weddings to plan, and Down Dogs to do, and cookies in the oven! So just leave us alone, boys,  she concluded. We do not speak Turnip at Addicting Info, so it s beyond our capabilities to translate that psychotic woman s Facebook-babble. Sarah Palin is wrong and if she could master Googling then she d learn that Hillary Clinton has a full schedule ahead of her. Every single day. Sarah is feeding the conspiracy theory that Hillary is  unstable  and needs assistance walking up stairs.  The fact is, Hillary slipped while walking up the stairs. You know, sort of how Sarah Palin slipped while  rock running. Speaking of hiding, where are Donald Trump s taxes?We hope Sarah feels better, though. She seems to be suffering from a brain injury.Featured image via Facebook",0
4859," WATCH: Mika Brzezinski Turns The Tables On Trump, Wants His Psychological Health Examined","Donald Trump picked a fight with the wrong woman.Even though the Republican nominee claims to not watch Morning Joe on MSNBC, it s pretty clear that he does based on the Twitter tantrums he has been throwing in response to Mika Brzezinski.Brzezinksi has been very critical of Trump recently and her criticism continued on Monday after former physician Howard Dean called Trump a classic narcissist.Unlike Trump and his team, who have spewed unfounded claims about Hillary Clinton s health, Brzezinski called for mental health professionals to evaluate him because he sure seems to be exhibiting tell-tale signs of being a  psychopath,  a term former Obama campaign manager David Plouffe used on Sunday during an interview with Chuck Todd. It s time to hear from somebody in the mental health community, to look at this person who has been on television for months and to give us a sense of what we have going on here,  Brzezinski said.  And, I m sorry, let s just not let s stop pretending we re dealing with someone who we can completely understand. When you see someone who you think has problems, you know it. And there s not anybody at this table who doesn t think he has some sort of problem. Let s ask the questions. Let s do this at this point. Let s set up someone and ask the   questions. Does anyone think that s completely outlandish and only because I have some sort of weird, snarky slant to it and I want to be smart? I think there s an issue there. Joe Scarborough pointed out that it might be more accurate to call Trump a  sociopath,  but said  a psychiatrist cannot come on and diagnose somebody. Here s the video via Twitter.Plouffe brands Trump as a  psychopath  The #morningjoe panel reacts. https://t.co/wbCipJ4P5z  Morning Joe (@Morning_Joe) August 29, 2016But Trump has already drawn some mental health professionals to publicly weigh in with their own evaluations, most notably Dr. Drew Pinsky and Fox News pundit Charles Krauthammer.On CNN, Pinsky said: The question, though, is, are some of the reckless qualities that everyone is getting so disturbed about on the campaign going to be translated into office should he get elected? That s a pretty hard thing to predict. I don t know if this is just somebody playing politics, or is this somebody who really can t contain their impulses? When I hear people that are impulsive with their speech, I worry about hypomania and bipolar types of conditions. And in a column earlier this month, Krauthammer, who is a board-certified psychiatrist, wrote that  Trump s hypersensitivity and unedited, untempered Pavlovian responses are, shall we say, unusual in both ferocity and predictability. This is beyond narcissism. I used to think Trump was an 11-year-old, an undeveloped schoolyard bully. I was off by about 10 years. His needs are more primitive, an infantile hunger for approval and praise, a craving that can never be satisfied. He lives in a cocoon of solipsism where the world outside himself has value   indeed exists   only insofar as it sustains and inflates him. Featured Image: Screenshot",0
4860, CNN Guest Drops Truth Bomb About Who Trump’s Minority ‘Outreach’ Is Really Aimed At (VIDEO),"After working for months to build a solid white supremacist base, Donald Trump suddenly started focusing on minority  outreach  last week. But CNN commentator and New York Times columnist Charles Blow explained just who these efforts are really aimed at, and it isn t African-Americans.According to Blow, Trump s minority  outreach  isn t aimed at people of color at all. Rather, his message is targeting white moderate Republicans who have reservations about voting for a raging bigot. Blow said that this is  the most horrible form of bigotry. It is the kind of bigotry that says,  I will knock you down while I pretend to pick you up,'  Blow said.  It says that,  I m not talking to you, I m talking to the guy behind you or over your shoulder.  It s the kind of bigotry that says,  I m urinitaing on you and telling you to dance in the rain.' Blow said that he has spent the past week trying to find out if Trump s bullsh*t message had resonated with any people of color. Here s a shocker, it didn t. Blow said this just goes to show that Trump s  outreach  isn t reaching anybody except for right-leaning whites. It is the moderate ones who say,  I don t want to be the woman/man who votes for the racist guy, and if this guy can now change his opinion, I do want to be conservative, but I don t want to be the conservative who votes for the racist guy, and now he s different,'  Blow said. Actually, he s not different. He s not talking to us. He s pretending to talk to us while he talks to you. This is an insult to all people of color, black, Hispanic and otherwise, because he s using us as pawns, and you do not get an out,  Blow continued.  He was a bigot yesterday, he s a bigot today, and he ll be a bigot tomorrow, and if you vote for him, you re voting for a bigot. That s it. Watch Blow drop a truth bomb about who Trump s minority outreach is really aimed at, here: [youtube https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=54Eni-v3Hkw]Featured image via video screen capture",0
4861, Trump Adviser Confirms: Trump’s Immigration Policy Is Still Racist (VIDEO),"It s been a hell of a week for the Trump campaign with Donald Trump s recent pivots on immigration. The Republican presidential nominee and his surrogates have placed themselves in a place where they can neither go forward nor retreat. The media is trying to get a clear message from the campaign on just exactly where Trump stands on his initial proposal to forcibly deport 11 million undocumented immigrants. Trump campaign senior adviser Boris Epshteyn appeared on CNN Sunday morning, where he gave probably the most honest statement regarding Trump s new position that we re going to get.The idea is lunacy. Not only would such a massive deportation wave create one of the largest human rights crises in history, it would also cost hundreds of billions of dollars. Not to mention the fact that it would also completely destroy the United States  entire economy.That being said, Trump catapulted to his current position by tapping into his base s anti-brown hatred by promising he would do just that. So it could be said that the campaign is trapped between appealing to white supremacists and well, reality itself.After dodging the question on every cable news journalist s lips by talking about Trump s Democratic challenger Hillary Clinton s immigration plan, which agree with it or not on some points, at least actually exists, Epshteyn says: Donald Trump will make sure America stays America and Hillary Clinton s plans will make sure we have illegal immigrants coming to this country at will. Just to be clear,  make sure America stays America  is code for  make sure the United States stays white. That s all the Trump campaign has left. Vague promises to implement racist policies. That s all folks.You can watch the segment below.Featured image via video screen capture ",0
4862, Trump Spokeswoman Too Stupid To Understand Sarcasm – Retweets Insults About Herself (TWEETS),"Chrissy Teigen is a model. She s not expected to be particularly intellectual, but a series of tweets shows that she s intellectually miles ahead of someone you d expect to have a brain   Donald Trump spokeswoman Katrina Pierson..Teigen began her Twitter attack on Pierson on Sunday. Pierson, apparently not getting sarcasm, retweeted some of the insults, and no, it was not ironic.I relate to @KatrinaPierson in the way that I would also be an incredibly horrible choice of campaign spokesperson  christine teigen (@chrissyteigen) August 28, 2016 I get it, @KatrinaPierson. Get that $. Sell that soul. I personally could not go to bed sobbing into my pillow but you re just so strong.  christine teigen (@chrissyteigen) August 28, 2016Can you imagine giving up as hard as @KatrinaPierson?  christine teigen (@chrissyteigen) August 28, 2016 Not many of us could wake up and do what @KatrinaPierson does every day with a straight face. What an inspiration.  christine teigen (@chrissyteigen) August 28, 2016Darryl says it best, @KatrinaPierson pic.twitter.com/uW9TQWcwZR  christine teigen (@chrissyteigen) August 28, 2016Pierson seemed giddy about some of the tweets, so much so that she retweeted them: Thank you, Christine. (my fav movie is #Braveheart) :) Sometimes you have to what s right, not what s popular.   https://t.co/yQ9ErqQOv8  Katrina Pierson (@KatrinaPierson) August 28, 2016Not many of us could wake up and do what @KatrinaPierson does every day with a straight face. What an inspiration.  christine teigen (@chrissyteigen) August 28, 2016 It took about 35 years. #NeverGiveUp https://t.co/3EMIh2whWb  Katrina Pierson (@KatrinaPierson) August 28, 2016Of course, none of this should be a surprise. To her, words are meaningless   at least that s what she said on Thursday when she was asked about Trump s immigration flip-flop:#Trump surrogate @KatrinaPierson: He hasn t changed his immigration position, he has changed the words he is saying. pic.twitter.com/CLkVeh2yP4  Correct The Record (@CorrectRecord) August 25, 2016Katrina Pierson should be hated by Republicans. She was born to a teenage mom who *gasp* collected welfare. She has a criminal record for shoplifting. She voted for Barack Obama in 2008. But she has turned against everything that helped make her who she is today. She accuses other mothers who collect welfare of redistributing wealth. She decided she hates Obama because he didn t wear a lapel pin. She also loves Sarah Palin, which explains so, so much. I doubt Palin has the sarcasm gene either.Featured image via video screen capture.",0
4863, Comedy Central’s Roast Of Rob Lowe HIJACKED As Comedians EPICALLY Roast Ann Coulter,"Comedy Central s roasts of various celebrities are well known by this point, and it s just as well known is that the roasts almost never focus exclusively on the person being roasted. This year s roast is all about Rob Lowe, and the roasters do go after him quite heartily and gleefully. However, it seems that Ann Coulter is also inexplicably a roaster this year, and the other roasters decided to burn her about as bad as they did Rob Lowe.Coulter is a Trump fangirl. She s also just about the most racist and hateful public figure in all of existence. She takes all of Trump s bizarre rhetoric 700 steps farther than it needs to go, while calling him out for not going far enough. These comedians don t really seem to like her all that much, and neither did the audience. They actually booed her for using her appearance there to promote her most recent book,  In Trump We Trust.  Oh, please.Variety did us all a favor and captured the following zingers delivered at Coulter s expense:Nikki Glaser:  The only person you will ever make happy is the Mexican who digs your grave. Peyton Manning:  I m not the only athlete up here. As you know, earlier this year, Ann Coulter won the Kentucky Derby. Davidson:  If you are here, Ann, who is scaring the crows away from our crops? Lowe:  After seeing your set tonight, we ve seen the first bombing you can t blame on a Muslim. Jeff Ross:  Ann is against gay marriage. What is your thinking on that? If I can t get a husband, they can t either? Jewel:  I do want to say as a feminist that I can t support everything that s been said tonight. But as someone who hates Ann Coulter, I m delighted. Rob Riggle:  If Ann Coulter is here, someone must have said her name three times. Beetlejuice! Beetlejuice! Beetlejuice! And perhaps the harshest, from Jimmy Carr:  Ann is one of the most repugnant, hateful, hatchet-face bitches alive. It s not too late to change, Ann. You could kill yourself. Coulter herself tried to play comedian, too, and threw out this, ahem, gem, which was probably the only  gem  she uttered all night: I want to welcome everybody to the Ann Coulter roast with Rob Lowe. That s about the only thing she s ever gotten even close to right, even if she did solidify the idea that this roast is all about her. Everything she thinks is twisted, bigoted, false, and delusional. As the old clich  goes, even a stopped clock is right twice a day. Coulter, however, is right considerably less frequently than that.These are just a few of the jokes various Rob Lowe roasters shot her way, despite the fact that she was likewise a roaster, but has no connection to Lowe. Lowe explained her appearance by saying that they need all flavors at these roasts in order to make them work, and that s why she was there.Whatever the reason, though, Variety insinuates that her entire performance fell far more flat than anybody else s. Poor, poor Ann. Our hearts bleed for her and how stupid she ll look on Labor Day, which is when this will air.Featured image by Christopher Polk/Getty Images",0
4864, WATCH: Scottie Nell Hughes Calls Clinton A Bigot For Speaking Out Against Racism,"On Sunday, Scottie Nell Hughes joined a panel discussion on CNN s Reliable Sources where the Trump campaign surrogate defended Donald Trump s characterization of his Democratic challenger Hillary Clinton as a  bigot.  The justification for the label? Clinton is prejudiced against the racist faction of Trump s base.Most of the conversation surrounded the Trump campaigns hiring of Steve Bannon as his campaign CEO. Bannon is officially on a  temporary leave  from his position as the executive chairman for the reactionary (often dubbed as the  alt-right ) right-wing media site, Breitbart. The site caters to an audience that would probably consider Fox News to be a liberal propaganda network.MTV News host, Jamil Smith said during the panel discussion that he considers Breitbart to support white supremacy and racism. I would say that [Breitbart is] part of the white supremacist machine. They are trying to make sure these views become mainstream. And I think, through Trump, they are finding a way to do that. Trump has faced waves of criticism for the move to hire Bannon from Clinton, the left, and even some members of the right. To which Trump referred to Clinton as a bigot for doing so. Here s Hughes justification for the use of the term: Bigotry, if you look at the definition, it s about someone who s small-minded and sits there and directs hate towards a certain group. Hillary Clinton s speech was all about hate towards a group that, while my fellow counterpart might consider them to be very racist, it s the exact opposite. At that point, Hughes dives hot-head first into one of her just this side of unhinged rants, claiming that just because a section of Breitbart s readers are white supremacists, doesn t mean they all are.Smith, apparently noticing that Hughes doesn t understand what he said at all clarifies his position: What they present is the view of the white supremacist mentality through their coverage. It s not necessarily saying,  Well, everyone who works there is a white supremacist.  I don t know that.  Smith continues, finalizing his thoughts,  The point is to say, what kind of viewpoint did they reflect? And it s undeniable that they reflect a white supremacist view if you looked over their coverage over the last several years. I would consider being called a bigot against white supremacists and those who promote it a badge of honor, as I m sure most people would. In the mind of a Trump campaign surrogate, that s a valid line of attack.You can watch the segment below.Featured image from video screenshot",0
4865, WATCH: Chuck Todd BLISTERS RNC Chair Over Trump’s Tax Return Refusal (VIDEO),"On Sunday, RNC Chair Reince Priebus sat down with Chuck Todd on Meet the Press, where the two discussed Donald Trump s refusal to release his tax returns. While they are not bound by law, presidential candidates have traditionally released their tax returns to the public. It serves as a way to gain trust with the public because tax returns have a unique way of showing what financial allegiances one has. Trump has refused to take part in the tradition.Todd questioned Priebus on the matter, asking: One final question when it comes to the issue of the Clinton Foundation and tax returns. I want to ask it this way. Donald Trump s been hitting hard on the Clinton Foundation and saying all sorts of behind the scenes, pay for play allegations. Does he have   does it undercut his message if he won t release his tax returns? Would he have some higher ground, be on higher ground here when criticizing Clinton s finances if we saw his tax returns? No I don t think so,  Priebus responds. By the way, Roger Stone is the latest Republican to call for Donald Trump to release his tax returns, a close friend of Trump s,  Todd mentions. No I don t think so, Priebus reiterates before saying,  Because if you look at what Hillary Clinton has done   I think when voters look at what Hillary Clinton actually did, they see somebody that they believe broke the law. They see somebody who gave away state secrets. They see somebody that went out of her way   We know that Hillary Clinton shouldn t be trusted with national secrets and with the most precious   the most precious information that our country has in their hands. We know she can t be trusted. Are you equating that the known conclusion that she can t be trusted with state secrets to what could be in Donald Trump s taxes? That s when Todd gets to the heart of the matter at hand. We ve had a history of every major nominee releasing their tax returns, Reince. Every major presidential nominee,  Todd says.  And by the way, he is a private businessman whose companies may or may not benefit from him being president. That s something voters should want to know. For a Republican running with a reactionary campaign slogan like  Make America Great Again,  Trump sure does not have any respect for American traditions.You can watch a clip from the interview below.Featured image from video screenshot",0
4866, WATCH: Mike Pence Gets Embarrassing Grilling After He Evades Simple Question,"Donald Trump s Republican running mate Mike Pence, made an appearance on CNN s State of the Union Saturday morning where he was grilled by the show s host, Jake Tapper. The grilling was brought on by a line of questioning regarding Trump s flip-flop on his proposal to forcefully deport 11 million undocumented immigrants.The segment begins with Tapper playing a clip of Trump from last November where he clearly states that  We re going to have a deportation force,  that will seek out undocumented immigrants and deport them to their country of origin.Throughout his campaign, Trump has referred to the undocumented immigrants his force would target as criminals. It s a clever bit of political double speak that trump has used. It implies that he is only going after undocumented criminals. From Trump s supporters  viewpoints and his rhetoric, all undocumented immigrants are here illegally and are therefore criminals. Now that Trump is in general election mode, they need to come up with specifics. Trump cannot back away from his tough talk on immigration without burning his base. However, he also has to bring the scale of his proposals down since they are so radical they sound like they originated from a neo-Nazi s fever dream and thus alienate everyone whose hobbies don t include cutting eyeholes into white sheets.That s why during the interview Pence insists that Trump hasn t pivoted on the issue: Nothing has changed about Donald Trump s position on dealing with illegal immigration. His position and his principles have been absolutely consistent,  Pence said.  The choice could not be more clear for the American people. Donald Trump has been completely consistent in his positions. Tapper doesn t buy it. He responds to Pence saying: Except on this issue. The one issue you didn t really address is whether or not the 11 or 12 million undocumented immigrants will be removed by a deportation force as you heard Mr. Trump say in that clip from November of last year. Let  be clear: Trump has been slowly pivoting on immigration since the general election began. First, he wanted to ban Muslims from entering the U.S. Now, he wants to ban people who come from what he views as terrorist nations. He is doing the same thing with his proposal to create a mass deportation force. He has to. Setting aside the fact that it would create one of the largest human rights crises in the world, it would also cost the U.S. around $600 billion dollars. It would also have a side effect of completely destroying the U.S. economy.You can watch the interview below.Featured image from video screen capture ",0
4867, BUSTED: Donald Trump Protected Known Cocaine Trafficker (VIDEO),"Republicans like Maine Governor Paul LePage like to scare people with stories of black drug dealers corrupting our communities, but their own presidential nominee once went to great lengths to make sure a convicted cocaine trafficker received a light prison sentence.In 1985, Joseph Weichselbaum was indicted for drug trafficking. But while the drug dealers under him were sentenced to serve 20 years in prison, Weichselbaum only had to serve 18 months because Donald Trump stepped in as a friend and apparently pulled some strings, according to Trump biographer David Cay Johnston.During an appearance on CNN on Saturday, Johnston told host Mike Smerconish all about how Trump met this cocaine trafficking creep, housed him, and protected him from getting the punishment he deserved. Donald got his personal helicopter and the one for his casinos from a convicted felon who turned out to be a major drug trafficker, and instead of cutting ties with this guy, he kept him on, he rented him an apartment under very unusual circumstances as I described in the book,  Johnston said.  He wrote a letter pleading for mercy for him, saying he was a stand-up guy. The guy got 18 months while the people who actually delivered the drugs for him got 20 years. And, by the way, the case came before at one point Judge Maryanne Trump Barry   Donald s older sister. This is the explosive story that could derail Trump s already imploding campaign. And let s not forget that Trump has said that he would consider his sister for the Supreme Court.It s so explosive, in fact, that Trump supporter Betsy McCaughey didn t even bother to refute it. Instead, she ignored it altogether and changed the subject by accusing Hillary Clinton of being a racist and claimed that Trump would make sure American workers get a higher take home pay even though Trump is supported by white supremacists and he fights constantly to make sure his workers can t unionize to fight for higher pay.Here s the video via YouTube.And it s not like Johnston isn t a credible source either. He has covered Donald Trump for 28 years and is a Pulitzer Prize-winning journalist. But you know that Trump supporters are going to call him a Hillary Clinton pawn.Speaking of Hillary Clinton, conservatives have been attacking her for defending an accused rapist in Arkansas in 1975. But conservatives apparently need to be reminded that every person in this country has the right to a competent defense in court no matter what they did or are accused of doing. It s kinda like how Founding Father John Adams defended the British soldiers who fired upon a crowd in Boston in 1770. And while Hillary did not feel good about representing the alleged rapist, she was still obligated to do her job to the best of her ability after being assigned to the case by the judge. It s the prosecuting attorney s job to put defendants in jail and the prosecutor failed to do so. Hillary cannot be faulted for being a better lawyer.Trump, however, was not obligated to associate himself with a drug trafficker. He did that voluntarily and continued to associate with Weichselbaum even after he was convicted, going so far as to make an effort to get him a light sentence for his crimes.Apparently, Trump s brand of  law and order  is that some defendants should be handicapped in court but if you re a friend of Trump even a drug trafficker can escape justice after being duly convicted in a court of law. Just imagine how many convicts could escape justice under a President Trump who has the power to grant pardons.Featured image via Getty Images",0
4868, Mike Pence Hilariously Claims There’s No Basis For Racism Claims Against Trump (VIDEO),"Indiana Gov. Mike Pence is probably privately wishing he had never been tapped to be Donald Trump s running mate. Thanks to Trump s erratic behavior and many outrageous, offensive statements, Pence is put into the position of defending him constantly   and some things are just not defensible. Nonetheless, Pence at least has to try. Appearing on CNN s State of the Union Sunday morning, Pence was forced to respond to the accusations of racism that Democratic nominee Hillary Clinton leveled at Trump in a blistering takedown that used the tycoons own words and actions to make the case that he s running to be Racist-in-Chief. Hilariously, Pence dismissed the speech as desperation: I think Sen. [Tim] Kaine s [D-Va.] comments, Hillary Clinton s comments on Thursday night sound desperate to me. The fact that you see Democrats and Hillary Clinton and her running mate rolling out the same old playbook of racial divisiveness sounds a little bit to me like an act of desperation. The American people are sick and tired of politicians who seek to divide the people of this country to unite their supporters. Pence then took the whole  Make America Great Again  tack, and said he finds the accusations offensive. Well, Gov. Pence, your running mate has one hell of a long list of racism. Here s just a few examples:I think we all know that I could go on forever regarding Trump s racism. That s just a sampling, off of the top of my head. Now, Gov. Pence, please defend these actions as  not racist.  Oh, that s right. You can t. Because these ARE racist actions, and you know it. However, because you ve been brought on to the Trump campaign to essentially be a pooper scooper, you can t admit that you are, indeed, trying to get a dyed-in-the-wool, bona fide racist elected as president. Watch Pence s remarks below: https://twitter.com/CNNPolitics/status/769886874580246528Featured image via Ty Wright/Bloomberg via Getty Images",0
4869, WATCH: Hitler EXPLODES At Trump Campaign In Hilarious Video Mocking White Supremacist Rage,"As white supremacists whine about Donald Trump s flip-flop on immigration, someone kindly created a video of Adolf Hitler going batshit crazy about it.During an interview with Fox News host Sean Hannity, who has become the Republican nominee s chief propagandist, Trump backed away from his core promise to round up and deport 11 million undocumented immigrants.Of course, all of the racists who support Trump s campaign immediately lost their small minds, with some even going so far as to threaten Trump if he doesn t keep his original promise.Ann Coulter even threw a fit about it and complained that Trump is talking about amnesty. So it looks like Coulter and the rest of Trump s hardcore supporters have lost a little trust in their candidate, which is hysterical since Coulter s new book is titled In Trump We Trust.To mock Trump s supporters, RINO Pundit used the Hitler biopic film Downfall and changed all of the subtitles to show the Nazi leader furiously throwing a temper tantrum over Trump s new immigration flap. Hannity, Coulter, Reince Priebus, Chris Christie, and Matt Drudge are all not spared from Hitler s wrath in this hilarious video.It begins with one of Hitler s advisers telling him that Trump could get through a full week without committing a gaffe since Coulter is starting her book tour.Hitler is relieved that Trump may finally be in the clear as long as he doesn t pivot on immigration too drastically. Then he is told of Trump s Hannity interview. Trump went full-blown amnesty on a Hannity special,  an adviser reluctantly informs the Fuhrer.Then the fun begins as Hitler asks everyone who predicted that Trump would flip-flop to leave the room. All but five leave. Hitler then loses his shit and just about every major Trump supporter gets mocked.Here s the video via YouTube.This is going to make every white supremacist in America throw a hissy fit. So thank you, RINO Pundit. We salute you.Featured image via screen capture",0
4870, President Obama Slams Republicans For Toying With American Lives By Blocking Zika Funding (VIDEO),"President Obama used this week s  Weekly Address  to discuss the Zika virus and slam the Republicans who have chosen to block the funding necessary to fight the spread of this mosquito-borne disease.The president began by talking about a call he had gotten from a pregnant woman named Ashley who said she was  extremely concerned  about Zika and  what it might mean for other pregnant women like her.  He added that, as a father, he shared this mother s worry. Conservatives in Congress on the other hand, not so much. Republicans in Congress did not share Ashley s  extreme concern,  nor that of other Americans expecting children. They said no. Instead, we were forced to use resources we need to keep fighting Ebola, cancer, and other diseases. We took that step because we have a responsibility to protect the American people  said Obama.  But that s not a sustainable solution. And Congress has been on a seven-week recess without doing anything to protect Americans from the Zika virus. Obama said that his  Administration has done what we can on our own,  but that is not nearly enough to stop the spread of this disease. He explained the steps that citizens can take to try to protect themselves from the mosquitos who carry and spread the virus: use insect repellent, wear long sleeves and pants, get rid of standing water where mosquitos breed, etc.And then, President Obama tore into the Republican lawmakers who have been dragging their feet when it comes to funding the measures that will stop the threat of this disease, which is known to cause serious birth defects when a pregnant woman is infected, including microcephaly. But every day that Republican leaders in Congress wait to do their job, every day our experts have to wait to get the resources they need   that has real-life consequences. Weaker mosquito-control efforts. Longer wait times to get accurate diagnostic results. Delayed vaccines. It puts more Americans at risk. One Republican Senator has said that  There is no such thing as a Republican position on Zika or Democrat position on Zika because these mosquitoes bite everyone.' I agree. We need more Republicans to act that way because this is more important than politics. It s about young mothers like Ashley. Today, her new baby Savannah is healthy and happy. That s priority number one. And that s why Republicans in Congress should treat Zika like the threat that it is and make this their first order of business when they come back to Washington after Labor Day. That means working in a bipartisan way to fully fund our Zika response. A fraction of the funding won t get the job done. You can t solve a fraction of a disease. Our experts know what they re doing. They just need the resources to do it. Watch President Obama s Weekly Address:[youtube https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Pp2aQs90fZ4]Featured image via video screen capture",0
4871, Tim Kaine Shows Trump DECENT Way To Respond After His Shameful Dwyane Wade Tweet (VIDEO),"Senator Tim Kaine (D   VA) , Hillary Clinton s running mate, made a heartfelt response to the recent shooting death of NBA star Dwyane Wade s cousin, Nykea Aldridge. He told reporters that leaders should  ought to be extending our sympathy to the family  as the  only reaction that s appropriate,  while also expressing sadness about  this gun violence issue. Kaine on Trump's tweet about Dwyane Wade's cousin: ""We just ought to be extending our sympathy to the family"" pic.twitter.com/HGnb02EOku  Thomas Kaplan (@thomaskaplan) August 27, 2016Kaine s statement came a few hours after Donald Trump generated a firestorm of responses when he sent out a self-congratulatory tweet about the death of  Wade s relative. Trump responded to the murder:   Dwayne Wade s cousin was just shot and killed walking her baby in Chicago. Just what I have been saying. African-Americans will VOTE TRUMP! Millions of people saw the tweet and hundreds responded to its crass exploitation of the death and for its ham-fisted messaging towards African-Americans.Wade issued a series of tweets after Trump s stumble, pointing out the need to curb gun violence, especially in cities like Chicago, where his cousin lived. Trump has been endorsed by the Natonal Rifle Association (NRA), who has fought tooth and nail against any and all efforts to reduce gun violence, especially background checks and limits on gun magazine sizes. The NRA has already committed several million dollars towards electing Trump president this year.RIP Nykea Aldridge  #EnoughIsEnough  DWade (@DwyaneWade) August 27, 2016The city of Chicago is hurting. We need more help& more hands on deck. Not for me and my family but for the future of our world. The YOUTH!  DWade (@DwyaneWade) August 27, 2016These young kids are screaming for help!!! #EnoughIsEnough  DWade (@DwyaneWade) August 27, 2016Trump s latest stumble comes as his campaign claims that he is in the process of reaching out to the black community for votes. But in reality Trump has been on a tear, insulting blacks by painting a picture of their lives as hopeless, jobless, and living exclusively in the inner cities. Many blacks have spoken out against the portrait that Trump has been painting in front of almost totally white audiences in several states.Polling currently indicates that despite President Obama not being on the ballot in November, Trump could possibly attract even less black votes than Mitt Romney and John McCain.Featured image via screen capture",0
4872, The N-Word Flies As Racists Attack 49er’s Quarterback For Protesting Police Treatment Of Blacks,"Just remember, Donald Trump s campaign is supported by racists, and this is how they treat people of color.Police have been unjustly killing black people at an alarming rate, and that has caused a movement to rise in protest against it. Black Lives Matter is making an effort to change the way police treat African-Americans across the nation, and that is making racists explode in rage because they cheer whenever a black person is killed in this country and they want the violence to continue.So when San Francisco 49ers quarterback Colin Kaepernick chose to sit during the national anthem on Friday night versus the Green Bay Packers to protest police shootings of black people, the racists quickly attacked him by questioning his patriotism and calling him the N-word. I am not going to stand up to show pride in a flag for a country that oppresses black people and people of color,  Kaepernick told the press after the game.  To me, this is bigger than football and it would be selfish on my part to look the other way. There are bodies in the street and people getting paid leave and getting away with murder. And he is right. Police officers who unjustly kill black people often go unpunished and are usually sent right back out into the streets to do it again. Police departments are reluctant to do anything other than to put the offending officer on paid leave. Prosecutors are reluctant to bring charges. And even if they do, grand juries usually let what most normal people call murder slide.And let s make this clear, we are talking about officers who kill black people who are unarmed and don t resist. We are talking about officers who kill black people who run for their lives. We are talking about officers who kill black people even though suspects are supposed to be innocent until proven guilty in a court of law. Cops are NOT supposed to be executioners.But racists believe that keeping police officers from shooting and killing black people is somehow a violation of their rights, so they viciously attacked Kaepernick.Blatant disrespect doesn t work well for impacting change. Feel free to find a country that supports you better. #Colin Kaepernick  Paul Hoffman (@papac00772) August 27, 2016 Welp, I guess my Kaepernick jersey is going out with the next thrift store donations.https://t.co/31DHUM8TMg  Holly Nicholas (@ilikerox) August 27, 2016This nigger Colin Kaepernick has a $114M contract to throw a fucking ball. Yeah, blacks are so oppressed in America.  AdolfJoeBiden  (@Bidenshairplugz) August 27, 2016 Colin Kaepernick is  keepin it real  and gets the prestigious  nigger of the day  award overtaking Will Smith in hardcore nigger status.  nate (@bloodandsoil5) August 27, 2016Organizers should try the Saudi national anthem. I bet Colin @Kaepernick7 & boycotting U.S. Muslims will stand erect https://t.co/R9aiLSNuzH  (((Tarek Fatah))) (@TarekFatah) August 27, 2016 All of you faggot cucks worshiping nigger athletes like Colin Kaepernick are getting what you want. You want to be shit on. Kill yourselves.  MOBI-WAN (@28thVerse) August 27, 2016Of course, Americans have the freedom to not stand during the national anthem just like school children do not have to stand and recite the Pledge of Allegiance. That is their right as citizens of this country. Many conservatives are claiming that Kaepernick is disrespecting our veterans and their sacrifice, but that is not the case at all. Our soldiers fight for ALL of our rights, which includes choosing not to stand during the national anthem. Just because Kaepernick is making a political statement using the platform he has been given doesn t mean he hates our troops.If anything, Kaepernick is walking in the footsteps of Muhammad Ali, whom conservatives were praising not too long ago when he passed away. The boxing legend also took a stand against rampant racism and oppression when he changed his name and refused to enter the service after being drafted for the Vietnam War. White racists howled with rage then, too.And Kaepernick was taking a stand for others, not himself. So claiming that his multimillion dollar salary means people of color like him are not oppressed is bullshit. But the fact that racists attacked him in these ways prove that racism and oppression still exist in this country and that these racists are desperate to regain the white dominated racist America of the past.And they are trying to do that by supporting Donald Trump s racist campaign for the presidency.Yet Republicans still wonder why black people won t vote for them.Featured image via Wikimedia ",0
4873, WATCH: Joy Reid Shuts Down Trump Supporter’s Bizarre Eugenics Conspiracy Theory (VIDEO),"Joy Reid once again proved that she isn t putting up any nonsense on her show. During a segment of AM Joy, Reid eviscerated a Donald Trump supporter who implied that Planned Parenthood is part of a eugenics program meant to racially cleanse people of color. Alfonso Aguilar, the executive director Latino Partnership for Conservative Principles went on the program to discuss Trump and his spreading of white supremacist propaganda via his Twitter account when he decided to bring up this conspiracy theory about Planned Parenthood. He does control his own Twitter account,  Reid said.  He is retweeting white nationalists. Which, if you re following them, and they re somehow in the stream of your social media. Aguilar responded to Reid, saying: I think I could argue that is a double standard. Margaret Sanger. Let s talk about Planned Parenthood That is not a double standard. You re mentioning a dead person gone for many decades, Reid shot back. Planned Parenthood is not a eugenicist organization. And I think that is incredibly offensive. Planned Parenthood is a health organization. Good gracious. Aguilar persists with the line of questioning, saying: 52% of all abortions are performed on Latino and African-American That s as far as Aguilar gets before Reid shuts him down entirely. Good gracious. Okay, I think that smear on Planned Parenthood cannot go forward, we are not going to continue with that line of questioning,  Reid finished.It s nice to see that there are still people on cable news willing to not give their guests the time of day with their outrageous theories.You can watch a clip of the segment below.Featured image from video screenshot",0
4874, WATCH: Colbert Tears Mylan CEO Apart With This Brilliant Comparison,"Stephen Colbert delivered a scathing segment directed at Mylan executive Heather Bresch on Friday night, for raising the price of Epipens. During the segment, Colbert compared Bresch to Martin Shkreli, A.K.A  Pharma Bro,  the CEO responsible for raising the price of HIV medication by 5,000 percent.Early on in the segment, Colbert hilariously pretends to use one of the lifesaving Epipens, saying: That was a clone one. I am allergic to douche. The devices  price jumped from $100 dollars a pair to $600 dollars a pair without any good reason for the cost increase other than increasing Mylan s profits.She s  frustrated,  Colbert said.  I mean the tone-deafness of that just takes your breath away   and getting your breath back will cost you over 600 bucks. Mylan has responded to widespread condemnation of the price hike, by essentially pretending to lower the cost of the medical device. However, it s actually a public relations move that doesn t actually do much to lower the cost at all.While CEOs such as Bresch and Shkreli  have taken heat for artificially increasing the cost of medications, they are just following the overall trend in the pharmaceutical industry. A recent study found that the cost of prescription drugs have been skyrocketing for the past five years.Pharmaceutical companies can charge whatever they like for their medications. Other countries, such as Canada which has a national healthcare system, regulates such things. Which is why Canadians have not been subjected to the same price gouging for Epipens as people in the United States have been.Bresch and Shkreli  are certainly douchebags who are worthy of Colbert and the public s mockery. However, they are just cogs in a machine that will continue to hum along until people demand real change in the United States healthcare system.You can watch the segment below, in full.Featured image via screen capture",0
4875, Trump Campaign CEO Didn’t Want His Kids In School With A Bunch Of ‘Whiny’ Jews,"The court records from the divorce of Trump s new campaign CEO have proved to be a treasure trove of information about the man hired to save the Republican nominee s trainwreck of a campaign. The latest insight revealed in these documents is that Stephen Bannon has deeply anti-Semitic tendencies. Shocking, I know. (Insert eye roll here.)According to court documents, the former Breitbart bigwig was worried about sending his twin daughters to the Archer School for Girls because of the number of Jewish students who were enrolled. A statement signed by his ex-wife in 2007 said that Bannon was concerned about the impact Jewish classmates would have on his children. The biggest problem he had with Archer is the number of Jews that attend,  read her statement. He said that he doesn t like the way they raise their kids to be  whiny brats  and that he didn t want the girls going to school with Jews. When they looked into at least one other private school they were considering sending their daughters to, his ex-wife said that Bannon asked about the number of Jewish students attending.Naturally, Bannon is denying these claims. Spokeswoman Alexandra Preate said that Bannon never made any of these statements and added that his girls did end up attending Archer. Mr. Bannon said he never said anything like that and proudly sent the girls to Archer for their middle school and high school education,  Preate said.This is the second damning revelation to come from his divorce proceedings this week. Accusations of domestic abuse came to light on Thursday. According to court documents, his wife claimed that he was a sadistic wife-beater who had grabbed her  by the throat and arm  during a domestic dispute on New Year s Day in 1996. Police came and photographed her injuries, but Bannon was able to avoid consequences by scaring his victim into leaving town so she would miss the court date.Remember folks, Trump only hires the best people.Featured image via Kirk Irwin/Getty Images for SiriusXM",0
4876, Fox Guests ATTACK Each Other After Someone Calls Hillary A ‘Bigot’ (VIDEO),"Fox News host Eric Bolling had recently been filling in for his colleague Bill O Reilly on The O Reilly Factor, and he was in no way prepared for the chaos that erupted when one of his guests called Democratic nominee Hillary Clinton a  bigot. The discussion began by bringing up Donald Trump s recent comments about Clinton s polices being  bigoted  and it immediately set off Bolling s guests, who spent the majority of the segment at each other s throats despite Bolling s attempts to restore a calm discussion.Civil rights attorney Leo Terrell had hit the nail right on the head when he commented that Trump had no business calling someone else s policies  bigoted.  He said: Eric, Donald Trump doesn t know the definition of the word  bigot . You don t hear Republicans on Capitol Hill supporting Donald Trump s definition of the term  bigoted  as it applies to Hillary Clinton. It doesn t make sense, it s inexplicable. Terrell also defended Clinton, stating that when she d called out Trump s racism in a speech, her argument had been  fact-based    and that s when conservative Horace Cooper lost it and countered that Clinton s speech had been a  litany of lies. What happened next was insanity. Cooper, an African American legal commentator, said that the black community would be much better off under racist Trump. He said, It s good  that someone is finally telling the truth! Somebody needed to stand up and explain that the policies that the left and progressives have been pushing are bigoted because they don t assume there is any possibility for improvement for blacks. Terrell couldn t believe his ears and told Cooper,  You should be ashamed of yourself.  Then he asked Cooper again to answer Bolling s question,  Is Hillary Clinton a bigot? Cooper said,  absolutely,  and the two men exchanged heated words as Bolling tried to intervene. Shortly after the men got into a shouting match over Trump s popularity with the racist  alt-right  and support from the KKK, Terrell repeatedly told Cooper that he should be  ashamed  for his pro-Trump views.You can watch this chaotic discussion below: Featured image via screen capture",0
4877, Twitter Destroys Trump For Using Dwyane Wade’s Personal Tragedy To Pander For Black Votes,"Donald Trump s pathetic effort to reach out to black voters got even more disgusting on Saturday, and social media took him to the woodshed for it.On Friday, 32-year-old Nykea Aldridge was killed in Chicago after two gunmen opened fire on another man. She was an innocent bystander who was simply picking up her kids from school.She s also the cousin of Chicago Bulls star Dwyane Wade, who has spoken out repeatedly against gun violence.Wade announced his cousin s death via Twitter, expressing his grief and once again condemning the gun violence that has plagued the city.My cousin was killed today in Chicago. Another act of senseless gun violence. 4 kids lost their mom for NO REASON. Unreal. #EnoughIsEnough  DWade (@DwyaneWade) August 27, 2016Wade s mother, a pastor, spoke at the hospital where her niece died. Just sat up on a panel yesterday, The Undefeated, talking about the violence that s going on within our city of Chicago, never knowing that the next day we would be the ones that would be actually living and experiencing it,  she said.  We re still going to try and help these people to transform their minds and give them a different direction, so this thing won t keep happening. Supporters of Donald Trump, however, used the sad incident as a reason to pander for Wade s support. @DwyaneWade vote for trump  MADAME (@MagicRoyalty) August 27, 2016And the Republican nominee used the tragedy to pander to black voters on Saturday in a desperate move to fix his imploding poll numbers.Dwayne Wade s cousin was just shot and killed walking her baby in Chicago. Just what I have been saying. African-Americans will VOTE TRUMP!  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) August 27, 2016Trump literally used this tragedy to declare that black people will vote for him even though he has not specified how he will prevent these shootings from continuing. Wade and his family have not even had time to mourn their loss and Trump is already politicizing it for personal gain.This is about as sick as politics gets, and to add insult to injury, Trump couldn t even be bothered to spell Wade s first name correctly.And as usual, Twitter was quick to jump all over Trump for his insensitivity and lack of human compassion. That s an honest question, @realDonaldTrump: what is wrong with you? You say Clinton just sees black people as votes. What did you just do?  Jamil Smith (@JamilSmith) August 27, 2016Also, @realDonaldTrump, will you be citing all black murders going forward as reasons to vote Trump? Or just those related to famous people?  Jamil Smith (@JamilSmith) August 27, 2016 @realDonaldTrump You are disgusting.  Vic Berger IV (@VicBergerIV) August 27, 2016.@realDonaldTrump I m sure you are all Dwayne Wade s family can even think about right now!!  Lauren Duca (@laurenduca) August 27, 2016 @realDonaldTrump delete your account.  Erick Erickson (@EWErickson) August 27, 2016.@realDonaldTrump pic.twitter.com/v5epogIuqY  Netflix and Bill (@PimpBillClinton) August 27, 2016 @realDonaldTrump rolls out  The Trump Condolence Card Collection  Julie Silver (@JulieAnnSilver) August 27, 2016@realDenaldTrump @realDonaldTrump This is beyond politics. A young woman died and a child lost his mother. Trump is sick and disgusting.  Judith Raquel (@GWGMJ30) August 27, 2016 @realDonaldTrump you are so insensitive. Using the tragic death of a mother of four to draw attention to your campaign .  chuck swirsky (@ctsbulls) August 27, 2016@realDonaldTrump A family s tragedy is not a political opportunity. Fuck you.  HarleyPeyton (@HarleyPeyton) August 27, 2016Trump even took the original tweet down and posted it AGAIN, this time spelling Wade s name correctly but changing nothing else. But Twitter continued ripping him a new one. @realDonaldTrump Not even a thought and a prayer this time?  Sahil Lavingia (@shl) August 27, 2016@realDonaldTrump please stop.  Andy Cole (@AndyCole84) August 27, 2016 I m actually humiliated *for* you is there a word for that? @realDonaldTrump  csd (@csd) August 27, 2016@realDonaldTrump what does someone getting killed have to do with a certain skin tone voting for you  ? [*L_*]Reign iN ? (@MightBeReign) August 27, 2016 @realDonaldTrump You don t realize misspelling his name wasn t the offensive part of that tweet. I m starting to pity you.      (@MornMoor) August 27, 2016@realDonaldTrump You re not just tone deaf, you re a self-satisfied orange-faced humanity vacuum.  Andrew W Chamings (@AndrewChamings) August 27, 2016Seriously, Republicans should be hanging their heads in shame right now. This is unforgivable and should make Trump totally unelectable.Featured image via Jonathan Bachman/Getty Images",0
4878, Trump: Dwayne Wade’s Cousin Was Murdered So African Americans Will Vote For Me (TWEETS),"Donald Trump went to new lows in his efforts to win over voters of color on Saturday morning. On Friday, NBA star Dwayne Wade s cousin Nykea Aldridge was fatally shot while pushing her baby in a stroller outside of an elementary school in Chicago.Trump took to Twitter Saturday to say that the tragic incident clearly shows that his views on urban violence are correct and that means voters of color will vote for him November. Dwayne Wade s cousin was just shot and killed walking her baby in Chicago. Just what I have been saying. African-Americans will VOTE TRUMP! Dwayne Wade's cousin was just shot and killed walking her baby in Chicago. Just what I have been saying. African-Americans will VOTE TRUMP!  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) August 27, 2016Trump has been desperately trying to win over black voters, with no success. Tweets like the one above and other campaign blunders might have something to do with it. According to a Reuters/Ipsos poll, Trump began August with 5.6 percent support from black voters. That already incredibly low figure plummeted to 2.5 percent earlier this week on Monday. So, it appears that Trump may have actually been doing much better with black voters before he actively started to try to win them over.Trump s primary message to voters of color can be summarized as,  Take a chance on me.  So far, Trump has not delivered any concrete reasons on why minority voters should do so, given his completely tone deaf rhetoric and nearly, or blatantly racist and xenophobic policy proposals.Dwayne Wade took to Twitter to confirm the death of his cousin. His Tweet also carried a political tone, one that is antithetical to Trump s campaign. In the tweet, Wade used the hashtag #EnoughIsEnough, a slogan that came out of the Bernie Sanders campaign, to rally against  another senseless act of gun violence.   After his nephew was shot twice in the leg in 2012, he created the Wade s World Foundation. The foundation helps community organizations that help at-risk youth.My cousin was killed today in Chicago. Another act of senseless gun violence. 4 kids lost their mom for NO REASON. Unreal. #EnoughIsEnough  DWade (@DwyaneWade) August 27, 2016Featured image from Scott Eisen/Getty Images ",0
4879, Economists Warn Trump Would CRASH The Global Economy,"The possibility of Donald Trump being elected President of the United States represents a clear and present danger to the global economy, according to a new report from economists a Citigroup.The election of Trump could easily trigger a meltdown, they say. A Trump victory in particular could prolong and perhaps exacerbate policy uncertainty and deliver a shock (though perhaps short-lived) to financial markets,  a team led by chief economist Willem Buiter wrote in the Thursday note.  Tightening financial conditions and further rises in uncertainty could trigger a significant slowdown in U.S., but also global growth. According to Citi, a conservative estimate of what would happen to the economy should Trump become president implies that global GDP growth could fall  easily  below its benchmark of 2% for a global recession.By comparison, the economists said Hillary Clinton winning would likely keep the American and world economies growing at the steady rate they are growing at. A recent report from the credit reporting agency Moody s also saw the Trump campaign as a threat towards the world economy.Objective analysis of stock market returns has shown that they perform better under Democratic presidents than with Republican ones. Of the last five presidents, the Dow Jones Industrial Average has done better with Clinton and Obama than Reagan and the two Bushes. The only president to have the market at a lower number than when he first came in is George W. Bush.Many of Trump s economic team are former members of Bush s inner circle but Trump has failed to offer much in the way of substance about his economic plans if elected. He, instead, has more often than not simply shot off his mouth to whatever television journalists he was speaking to at the moment.Trump has indicated an unusual willingness to go after America s international allies, most notable NATO, while espousing support for the regime of Russia s Vladimir Putin.Featured image via Flickr",0
4880," Federal Judge Tells Anti-Vaxxers To Go F*ck Themselves, Upholds Strict California Vaccination Law","Anti-vaccination advocates were hoping they could continue exposing the general public to diseases that had been largely wiped out by vaccines, but a judge dashed that hope on Friday.In 2015, California dealt with a months long measles epidemic stemming from a person who was visiting Disneyland.According to the Los Angeles Times:131 California residents were believed to have been infected with measles during the outbreak that began at Disneyland, as well as at least 26 people who resided in seven other states, Canada or Mexico, after visiting the Anaheim theme park or catching the virus from someone who went there.The outbreak created a health crisis in the state, especially since some schools have immunization rates around 50 percent or lower according to state epidemiologist, Dr. Gil Chavez.Measles had been eradicated in America by 2000, but because some crackpot researcher in England published a terribly flawed study claiming that vaccines cause autism, a claim that has been thoroughly debunked by scientists, many paranoid and ignorant parents have decided not to vaccinate their kids, which is why 7 in 10 Californians who got the measles were unvaccinated. If we had higher levels of immunity in the community, this outbreak would not have happened,  Chavez said.And the risk of exposure was not just in California schools. Public health officials contacted thousands of Californians in 12 counties potentially exposed to measles, leading to warnings in airports, malls, schools, clinics and hospitals,  the Times reported.  In one hospital alone, a single person with measles exposed 14 pregnant women and 98 infants, including 44 in the neonatal intensive care unit. After California quelled the epidemic, state lawmakers went to work to make sure such an epidemic never happens again. To that effort, they took particular aim at personal and religious exemptions that anti-vaxxers have taken advantage of over the years to decline to vaccinate their kids. They soon passed a law requiring all children to be vaccinated. The only exemption allowed is if the child has a medical condition, such as a suppressed immune system, that would prevent them from getting the vaccine.But anti-vaxxers threw a hissy fit and filed a lawsuit last month in order to prevent lawmakers from protecting the public health and safety.And U.S. District Judge Dana Sabraw ruled that they can go f*ck themselves and laughed them out of court because state lawmakers have a  long history of requiring children to be vaccinated as a condition to school enrollment  and  plaintiffs have not made a showing that they are entitled to the extraordinary remedy of a preliminary injunction. In short, the law will go into effect this year and now every child will be required to be vaccinated if they want to be enrolled.And that s a good thing.We cannot let irresponsible parents put the public health at risk just because they disagree with science. Measles is one of the most contagious diseases known to man and is even more contagious and deadlier than Ebola.Sixteen years ago this country had wiped out the disease within our shores, and all that effort went to waste because some parents listen more to celebrities like Jim Carrey and Jenny McCarthy than they do to doctors and scientists. That needs to change, and this California law is the first step.Featured image via CBS News",0
4881," Dad Of Murdered Reporter Hits Trump, GOP BEAUTIFULLY Over ‘Assault On 2nd Amendment Nonsense’","The father of a Virginia reporter who was shot to death last year, along with her cameraman, has some extremely strong words for Republicans over their refusal to do anything about gun violence. He reserved his most scathing words for Trump, though, who actively promotes the idea that the 2nd Amendment is under heavy assault and we re just a breath away from losing all our guns.Andy Parker, whose daughter, Alison Parker, was murdered by a disgruntled employee on television, made it his mission to end gun violence after her death. He rails at Republicans who are in the pockets of the all-too powerful NRA in an op-ed for the New York Daily News, which was a full-scale attack on them, and especially on Trump: Politicians like Paul Ryan, Mike McCaul and Bob Goodlatte know better. They re not knuckle-draggers waving Confederate flags at Trump rallies, but they still fall in lockstep behind their orange-faced Fuhrer who promotes this  assault on the Second Amendment  nonsense. Their bloody hands are egregiously in the pockets of the NRA and they are afraid to pull them out.  [emphasis mine] Orange-faced Fuhrer.  That s a good description. That s a fantastic description of Trump and his relationship to the GOP! Trump is not just promoting the very things that have led to increased gun violence here, he s far more likely than anybody else to become the dictator America (especially Republicans) have always feared.Parker went on to say that he d confronted Bob Goodlatte after a speech about slain police officers, in which Goodlatte never once mentioned guns, and asked him how he sleeps at night. Apparently, Goodlatte had no answer for that. Parker said,  As usual, he looked like he d swallowed a lemon. Trump and the NRA s minions in the GOP grossly insult all the victims of gun violence by fear-mongering about Democrats trying to abolish the 2nd Amendment. It s like a game to them; who can come up with the most guilt-trippy argument against sensible gun legislation? Here s what former GOP Congressman Joe Walsh did:Liberals shout  women s equality , yet they seek to strip women of their 2nd Amendment rights. #WomensEqualityDay pic.twitter.com/7vOCNocqPO  Joe Walsh (@WalshFreedom) August 26, 2016How disgusting to use rape victims and women s equality as a rallying cry for their guns, guns, guns everywhere nonsense. But that s what the GOP and their standard-bearer, the Orange-Faced Fuhrer, do nonstop. They use victims of violence to expand the very thing that harmed them in the first place.Parker vows to continue the fight and move the needle on the national conversation about gun violence, and that means fighting against the GOP and the NRA. He had this to say in his op-ed, too: Their bloody hands are egregiously in the pockets of the NRA and they are afraid to pull them out. That is the truth.Featured image by Mark Wilson/Getty Images",0
4882, Trump’s Doctor Makes Bizarre Confession (VIDEO),"Donald Trump s doctor didn t follow standard medical procedure when he proclaimed the Republican nominee to be in good health, according to a newly released video. Dr. Harold Bornstein, who has reportedly been Trump s physician for 35 years, confessed that he took only five minutes to write up the assessment of Trump, who he described in the letter as in  excellent  health.The four-paragraph letter   the only medical information released by Trump   was written and released in December but has drawn fresh scrutiny in recent days as Trump s allies have questioned Hillary Clinton s health, despite a more detailed two-page letter from her doctor that said she has no serious issues.In his letter, Bornstein said there were no  significant medical problems  in Trump s history and that a recent examination  showed only positive results. If elected, Mr. Trump, I can state unequivocally, will be the healthiest individual ever elected to the presidency,  Bornstein wrote.The letter and Trump s doctor have received renewed scrutiny after the desperate Trump campaign began trafficking in rumor and innuendo about Hillary Clinton s health. Campaign surrogate and former New York City mayor Rudy Giuliani raised eyebrows when he urged voters to Google search  Clinton illness  to pull up conspiracy theories about the former Secretary of State, and Trump himself has been making remarks about Clinton s  stamina. Despite the Trump campaigns allegations, Clinton s health has been assessed to be good by a real physician citing an actual examination, compared to Trump s doctor.Trump s doctor claims to be board-certified in internal medicine and gastroenterology, but also made comments in his letter attesting to Trump s mental health   how would he have any insight into that?The episode, as with issues of race and religion so far in the election, have shown once again that so many of Trump s attempts to attack Clinton backfire on him due to his odd behavior and the oddity of those he has surrounded himself by.Featured image via YouTube",0
4883, Maine’s Horrible Governor Just Outright Declared Blacks And Hispanics ‘The Enemy’,"Paul LePage, who might as well be Maine s version of Donald Trump, is becoming well known for his racist attacks on people of color. He especially can t stand black people or Latinos, and went so far as to call them  the enemy.  In other words, he sees a race war in which white people are the  good  side, and black and Hispanic people are the  evil  side. Look, a bad guy is a bad guy, I don t care what color it is. When you go to war, if you know the enemy, the enemy dresses in red and you dress in blue, you shoot at red, don t you? You shoot at the enemy. You try to identify the enemy. And the enemy right now, the overwhelming majority right now coming in are people of color or people of Hispanic origin. I can t help that. I just can t help it. Those are the facts. There s no implication there. He said, flat out, that the enemy right now is the black and Hispanic people coming into his state. Those are  the facts  on his twisted planet. The true facts are that he s a racist prick. We can t help that.LePage has claimed that 90 percent of the people arrested for drugs in his state are black or Hispanic   data based on a binder of mug shots he allegedly keeps. Maine is 95 percent white, but LePage justifies his racism by saying that people of color are all criminals.The actual state prison statistics for Maine paint a fairly grim picture. Per 100,000 residents, Maine has 140 white people incarcerated, 104 Hispanics incarcerated, and an astonishing 839 black people incarcerated.That s a prison population that s roughly 77 percent black, and 10 percent Hispanic, so LePage s  90 percent  comment is actually not far off.However, in a state that s 95 percent white, that s really sick.And LePage trots out these statistics specifically to perpetuate hate against people of color, when in reality the disparity is largely due to racism in the justice system.The ACLU of Maine has a problem with this, obviously, because it means that Maine police are nine times more likely to arrest a person of color than they are to arrest a white person, even though whites and people of color deal drugs at about the same rate. Despite that pesky little fact, LePage is implying that Maine is in an all-out war against people of color for no other reason than he s a racist dick.Featured image by Maine Dept. of Education. Licensed under CC BY-SA 2.0 via Flickr",0
4884, Trump Comes Unglued Once Again In Ongoing Feud With ‘Crazy’ ‘Morning Joe’ Hosts (TWEETS),"Despite the fact that MSNBC s Morning Joe s main host, Joe Scarborough, is an avowed Republican, the show s hosts and guests from across the political spectrum can t stand Donald Trump. They pull no punches and give his surrogates no breaks. Of course, the tough questions and constant criticism of his fitness for the office he seeks makes The Donald come apart at the seams.On Friday, Trump once again showed just how thin-skinned he is, when he tweeted out a demand for an apology, along with an insult directed at Scarborough s co-host, Mika Brzezskinski, in which he called her  crazy  all for daring to challenge one of his surrogates regarding the racist comments that Trump made about Trump University lawsuit Judge Gonzalo Curiel. Here is the tweet:Wonderful @pastormarkburns was attacked viciously and unfairly on @MSNBC by crazy @morningmika on low ratings @Morning_Joe. Apologize!  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) August 26, 2016The conversation to which Trump took such high offense involved a black pastor and ardent Trump supporter Mark Burns. Brzezinski asked Burns:When [Trump] made the comments he made about the judge, saying he was a Mexican, was that racist or not? Of course Trump surrogates, regardless of race, will absolutely not acknowledge that his comments have been racist or that he has been playing footsie with the likes of white supremacists, anti-semites, Ku Klux Klan members and the like. So, of course Burns went on the offensive, saying: If I was in Mr. Trump s shoes, I don t think that it was racist. I understand what real racism is. I m from the South, I m a black man from the Deep South, OK? In South Carolina just two months ago, they re-raised the Confederate flag in my state to celebrate its one year s removal. So for you to sit here and ask me like I don t know what real racism is, I don t think so. Now, as a black woman I don t generally take kindly to white people telling black people how to feel about race, race politics, and racism, but let me tell you, I definitely make an exception when it comes to Uncle Toms. That is what black Trump supporters are. The man has a lengthy and well documented history of racist statements, racist business practices, and associations just from this campaign alone that prove, unequivocally, that even if there is no racism in his head or heart, there s definitely an overt tolerance for racists and racism within the Trump campaign and by Trump himself.Even after Burns was done, Brzezinski continued to hammer Trump, saying, You have no idea   you have no idea what your words mean.  And to top it all off, Scarborough took a shot at Trump for his addiction to Twitter, and to watching his own press coverage:Is Donald Trump crazy? You betcha.Crazy for Morning Joe. The Trump U founder just can't quit us! https://t.co/YG7C7tQNUN  Joe Scarborough (@JoeNBC) August 26, 2016Indeed, it is Trump who is the crazy one here, not Mika. He should be worried about his slipping polls numbers and campaigning rather than feuding with television pundits. Once again, he shows how temperamentally unfit he is to lead this great nation. Good one, Joe.Featured image via Jeff Swensen/Getty Images",0
4885, Anti-Gay Pastor Who Cheered Killing Of Pulse Victims Just Got Arrested For Child Molestation,"This hypocrite just got his ass handed to him by karma.Ken Adkins is an anti-gay  Christian  pastor in Georgia who cheered when a gunman killed nearly 50 people at a gay nightclub in Orlando,Florida this past June.The nation was horrified by the mass shooting, but many so called conservative  Christians  were very pleased.Adkins himself wrote on Twitter that the victims deserved to be killed. I don t see none of them as victims,  he wrote.  I see them as getting what they deserve!! His tweet received wide condemnation but that didn t bother the 56-year-old  man of God.  He simply continued preaching hate to his congregations.But now karma is biting Adkins in the ass for doing something that conservative  Christians  often falsely accuse gay people of doing.On Friday, Adkins turned himself in to police after he was accused of molesting a child in 2010.Adkins alleged molested the victim on multiple occasions in several different locations, including the church, in his car, and at the victim s home.The charges against Adkin s are especially ironic considering what the pastor has said about LGBT anti-discrimination laws.According to the Florida Times-Union,Adkins is a controversial figure in Jacksonville politics, particularly because of comments and crude caricatures he posted on his Twitter account while he helped lead the fight against expanding Jacksonville s anti-discrimination law to cover lesbian, gay, bisexual and transgender people.Among the criticisms that Adkins lodged was his assertion that expanding the law would make it easier for sexual predators to find victims in bathrooms.Yet, it sounds like we need stricter laws protecting children from pastors instead.Adkins isn t the only pastor to meet karmic retribution after remarks about the Pulse nightclub shooting.Pastor Steven Anderson actually called for executing gays across the country in a video in which he cheered the slaughter at Pulse.The good news is that there s 50 less pedophiles in this world, because, you know, these homosexuals are a bunch of disgusting perverts and pedophiles,  Anderson spewed. These people all should have been killed, anyway, but they should have been killed through the proper channels, as in they should have been executed by a righteous government that would have tried them, convicted them, and saw them executed. You gotta wonder when Anderson will also be arrested for child molestation someday. After all, he sure does enjoy talking about pedophilia and accusing people of committing it even though he has no proof to back up his claims.At any rate, at least we got to see him throw a fit about various companies terminating their business ties with his church. You know, because businesses generally don t want to have anything to do with bigots who support mass murder.Featured image via Wikimedia",0
4886, WV Republican AG Spokeswoman BUSTED Appearing In Racist KKK Propaganda (VIDEO),"You know what s adorable? When a white supremacist  Christian  attempts to  Jesus  his or her way out of trouble after getting caught being him or herself. In this case, we re talking about West Virginia Attorney General Patrick Morrisey s now-former spokeswoman s participation in an extremely popular white supremacist propaganda video. THE  Stop White Genocide  Video  features a bunch of women reciting lines from  The Mantra,  a sort of ode to whiteness written by popular South Carolina racist Bob Whitaker. The video, which boasts that is has previously been removed from YouTube and that it is banned in 18 countries, features Carrie Bowe reciting many lines that will surely embarrass everyone she holds dear. One line spoken by Bowe lays the groundwork for a string of hate speech even your racist, drunk uncle wouldn t break out at Thanksgiving dinner:I ve been thinking a lot about a phrase I ve been hearing: that anti-racist is a code-word for anti-white.The women, including Bowe, complain about the  obvious truth about the ongoing program of genocide  against the white race. In fact, the former spokeswoman even has the final speaking line:  Anti-racist is a code word for anti-white. Bowe, who started working for WV s Republican attorney general in January 2015, was fired within hours of the Charleston Gazette-Mail exposing her role in the racist video. The employee s conduct and statements, which occurred years before being employed by the attorney general s office, were not previously disclosed until today, which is contrary to the transparency requirements for being a member of this office, do not reflect the opinion or the perspective of the attorney general or this office,  Morrisey spokesman Curtis Johnson wrote in a statement regarding the termination.Bowe inexplicably claims that she didn t know what the finished product would look like despite the horrific phrases she personally spouts off in the white supremacist garbage video. In a post on Facebook, she attempts to garner sympathy from her friends by not even mentioning what she did:Bowe told West Virginia Public Broadcasting that she is embarrassed and heartbroken  because she thought the video was meant to further discussion on race relation from a white perspective  an  assertion easily disproved by the very choice phrases she spoke. Growing up, you could not question why some races could talk or behave a certain way and it was seen as OK, whereby if the behavior was repeated by a white person, it was automatically racist,  Bowe explained.  As a child and a teenager, the inability to even question this was confusing and, really, the opposite of the honest dialogue we need to have in order to understand different cultures and their history better. She has not explained how the  final solution to the black problem  she references ties into an open, healthy discussion on race relations.One must wonder: was she fired because she spouted off KKK rhetoric, or was it because Morissey wants to be re-elected? In any case, we re sure there s a spot for her with the Trump campaign.Watch the video below:Featured image via screengrab",0
4887, Maine’s Largest Newspaper Apologizes To America For The Embarrassment Named Governor Paul LePage,"This could easily be about Donald Trump should he get elected in November, except that the whole nation would be sorry instead of just a single state.Maine already has been dealing with their own version of the Republican nominee for years now and he somehow got elected and re-elected as the Governor and the results have been nothing short of embarrassing and disastrous.So the editorial board of the Portland Press Herald, Maine s largest newspaper, apologized to the entire country on Friday expressing regret that Paul Lepage was elevated to the office he currently occupies. Dear America: Maine here. Please forgive us   we made a terrible mistake. We managed to elect and re-elect a governor who is unfit for high office. He has a gruff exterior and blunt way of talking that some of us find refreshing, but he has shown again and again that he governs by grudge, and uses his power to beat up on people who cannot fight back. The people LePage beats up on the most are African-Americans and Hispanics, whom the Tea Party governor has repeatedly blamed for crimes and drugs in the state, even going so far as to accuse them of trying to take advantage of white women in the state after they are done delivering heroin.The hate and fear mongering has caused many people to think twice before relocating to the state, whose population is getting older. This has hurt industries that are desperate for new blood to remain in operation.But LePage doesn t give a damn about that. If he could hang a  whites only  sign on the  Welcome To Maine  billboard at the state line he would do it. LePage knows that his words are widely understood to mean that he thinks that the color of their skin makes some people more likely to commit crimes, the Press Herald continues.  Rather than clarify or withdraw those statements, he repeats them.And that s exactly what Donald Trump does. Just like LePage, Trump makes toxic remarks that have drawn white supremacists to his campaign while repulsing minority voters across the country.Only now is he pretending that he wants their votes after his poll numbers have imploded.Take out LePage s name and replace it with Donald Trump s throughout the editorial and it s a perfect match.Like LePage, Trump often blames the media for his own blunders and makes offensive remarks that make him look like a jackass who should never have been on the ballot in the first place. LePage also doesn t apologize and has a thin skin.After Democratic state Rep. Drew Gattine commented about LePage s racism, the Republican governor lashed out by leaving a nasty and threatening message on his voicemail I would like to talk to you about your comments about my being a racist, you cocksucker,  LePage said.  I want to talk to you. I want you to prove that I m a racist. I ve spent my life helping black people and you little son-of-a-bitch, socialist cocksucker. You   I need you to, just friggin    I want you to record this and make it public because I am after you. Thank you. It would be nice to think that LePage would reflect on what he says and learn from these incidents, but he appears to be completely incapable of change,  the Press Herald lamented about the incident.  He will probably blame the media again for any embarrassment he suffers, but everyone has heard the tape and knows what the governor said. Unfortunately, LePage will be in office until 2019, which gives him plenty of time to do more damage and humiliate the state of Maine ever more. Somehow, that s the only  bright side  the Press Herald can think of.On the bright side, America, LePage isn t going to be governor forever, and when his successor takes office in 2019, Mainers of all political parties will have to work together to fix the damage he has done to our reputation. We hope that this person will be a leader who will welcome people of all races to live in Maine, and invest in our wonderful state.Until then, please accept our apology. We ll try not to do it again.America needs to make sure that Donald Trump does not become president. The last thing this country needs is a Paul LePage on the national level. It would be embarrassing and we would have to apologize to the entire world for all of the destruction Trump causes over the next four years assuming that he doesn t somehow get re-elected like LePage did in Maine.So let s make sure we don t have to make such an apology by making sure Hillary Clinton wins in November.Featured Image: Flickr",0
4888, Donald Trump Campaign CEO Caught Committing Voter Fraud,"Republicans are great at creating controversy where there is none. They shut down the get out the vote organization, ACORN, because they fraudulently made people believe that ACORN was a criminal front (because, you know, black people). They ve also tried to strangle the life out of Planned Parenthood, again, for fraudulent reasons.One persistent non-problem that Republicans are manufacturing is voter fraud, which is virtually non-existent. This is actually pretty big deal. According to a poll released this week, more than half of respondents felt that voter fraud was real, and most of those were Republicans.Trump himself has been beating the drum about voter fraud when he proactively claims that the only way he d lose is if the election is rigged. Well, maybe Trump should look right under his nose. It appears that there is voter fraud, but it s coming from Trump s own newly hired campaign CEO, Steve Bannon. Bannon is registered in the swing state of Florida, but records show that no one actually lives at the address to which he s registered. In fact, it s set to be torn down. That makes him a criminal, at least according to Florida law.According to a report in The Guardian, Bannon has never lived in the house he claims as his residence. His ex-wife, Diane Clohesy once lived there. She moved out earlier in the year. The two divorced seven years ago.If you think that s just some sort of inadvertent paperwork error, well, it happened twice.Bannon previously rented another house for Clohesy in Miami from 2013 to 2015 and assigned his voter registration to the property during that period. But a source with direct knowledge of the rental agreement for this house said Bannon did not live there either, and that Bannon and Clohesy were not in a relationship.Bannon, Clohesy and Trump s campaign repeatedly declined to answer detailed questions about Bannon s voting arrangements. Jason Miller, a Trump campaign spokesman, eventually said in an email:  Mr Bannon moved to another location in Florida.  Miller declined to answer further questions.According to neighbors, Bannon has been to the first house (which he paid $5,500 a month for), but only a few times and he certainly didn t live there. The neighbors at the second house say they ve never seen Bannon.Bannon does set up shop in what he calls  Breitbart embassy,  which is a $2.4 million townhouse right next to the Supreme Court building. Bannon lives upstairs while his staff works in the basement. That, however, is owned by Mostafa El-Gindy, who s an Egyptian businessman.This may be less about voter fraud than tax fraud. Florida has no income tax, so people often try to set up Florida addresses to escape taxes. Attorneys typically recommend that they also attach a voter registration address as some sort of evidence of residency. There is no record Bannon has voted from that address.If Bannon is found guilty of submitting false information on a Florida registration form, it s a third-degree felony and punishable by up to five years in prison. Of course, the odds of him actually being prosecuted are pretty damned slim, but it does put a big wrench in the Trump campaign s claims of voter fraud.Featured image via CNN video screen capture. ",0
4889, America’s Stepdad Tim Kaine Just Burned Trump HARD On Colbert,"Democratic Vice Presidential nominee Tim Kaine spent his Thursday evening with Late Show host Stephen Colbert, and of course eventually the conversation turned to the absolutely destructive force that is the Republican Presidential nominee Donald Trump. The first element of Trump s many outrageous statements to be discussed was his absurd description of Trump calling Kaine s running mate Hillary Clinton a bigot. Kaine reminded the audience the difference between the two candidates  records regarding America s race troubles: When Hillary Clinton got out of law school, she was working to help advance racial justice in the juvenile justice system in South Carolina and fight school segregation in Alabama, and I about that time got out of law school and was battling housing discrimination in the South and in Virginia. At his early career, Donald Trump was a real estate guy who got sued by the Justice Department for discriminating against people in housing (by) writing the letter C on applications if they were minority,  Kaine continued.  Hillary Clinton has got a track record all the way back to being a middle schooler in a Methodist youth group of trying to advance priorities for others   and Donald Trump s for himself. Kaine is right, of course. The contrast couldn t be more stark, and history speaks for itself. If anyone is the bigot in this scenario, it s Donald Trump, not Hillary Clinton.Briefly, Stephen Colbert turned to his and Kaine s shared faith, and asked Kaine to recite a New Testament verse he is fond of. Kaine responded with Philippians 2:3: Do nothing from selfishness or empty conceit, but with humility of mind consider one another as more important than yourself. Colbert then cited  his own favorite verse in Latin. A backstage interview yielded more criticism of Trump from Kaine, when he said: This is fundamentally about the nation s promise of equality. If we are supposed to do a U-turn or not, so you got to take that seriously, and I m really glad she just reminded everybody that is what is at stake in November. Kaine says that if he ever gets to confront Trump, he d ask one simple question: How can you say the things you re saying? Kaine then continued  his final blistering blow: He is going around saying that the American military is a disaster, ridicules a Gold Star family, makes fun of John McCain because he was a POW   that kind of personality shouldn t be within 10 time zones of being commander-in-chief. So right, Senator Kaine, so right. Hopefully, people listen to you.Watch a clip below, via Raw Story:Featured image via video screen capture",0
4890," Hey Conservatives, You Might Want To STFU About ‘Klansman’ Robert Byrd And Clinton","This might shock you, but in their clumsy and pathetic efforts to smear Hillary Clinton as a Ku Klux Klan supporter because she considered Democratic Senator Robert Byrd a  friend and mentor,  conservatives leave out a lot of relevant information.Clinton s opponent in the 2016 presidential race, Donald J. Trump, is pretty much the  KKKandidate.  Not only do white supremacists hang on his every word as he promises to build a wall to keep brown people he calls  rapists  and  murderers  out of the country and to force Muslims to wear special little badges to identify them (not to mention the national Muslim registry and concentration camps), but he has been endorsed by numerous KKK members, both past and present. This, of course, includes David Duke, who is no longer a member of the Klan but is involved with white supremacist group, the NAAWP: the National Association for the Advancement of White People.Hillary Clinton s recent campaign ad points out these associations, showing clips of actual Klansmen praising Donald Trump   and Trump and pals are just desperate to find something   anything   with which they can distract from the very real, verifiable fact that Trump is the official Klandidate.The very flimsy thread upon which they depend to make this case is Robert C. Byrd. Unlike Duke, who is an unabashed white supremacist, Byrd s time with the Klan was short-lived. Ultimately, as a thinking and learning human being he dropped out of the Klan in 1952, saying: After about a year, I became disinterested [in the KKK], quit paying my dues, and dropped my membership in the organization. Byrd spent much of his 57 years in Congress repeatedly apologizing for his involvement with the Klan: I know now I was wrong. Intolerance had no place in America. I apologized a thousand times   and I don t mind apologizing over and over again. I can t erase what happened. In other words, Byrd learned from his mistakes. In fact, after he passed away, the NAACP issued a statement in 2010 honoring him:The NAACP is saddened by the passing of United States Senator Robert Byrd. Byrd, the longest serving member of congress was first elected to the U.S. House from [West Virginia] in 1952 and was elected Senator in 1958. Byrd passed away this morning at the age of 92. Senator Byrd reflects the transformative power of this nation,  stated NAACP President and CEO Benjamin Todd Jealous.  Senator Byrd went from being an active member of the KKK to a being a stalwart supporter of the Civil Rights Act, the Voting Rights Act and many other pieces of seminal legislation that advanced the civil rights and liberties of our country. Senator Byrd came to consistently support the NAACP civil rights agenda, doing well on the NAACP Annual Civil Rights Report Card. He stood with us on many issues of crucial importance to our members from the reauthorization of the Voting Rights Act, the historic health care legislation of 2010 and his support for the Hate Crimes Prevention legislation,  stated Hilary O. Shelton, Director of the NAACP Washington Bureau and Senior Vice President for Advocacy and Policy.  Senator Byrd was a master of the Senate Rules, and helped strategize passage of legislation that helped millions of Americans. He will be sorely missed. You don t exactly see the NAACP praising Duke or Trump, do you?Nevertheless, Republicans have been accusing the media of  ignoring  this association between Clinton and Byrd, circulating a photo of this man the NAACP points to as an example of the  transformative power  of the United States, the ability for people with rather abhorrent prejudices to change their viewpoints, kissing Clinton on the cheek:And, of course, there s her praise of Byrd after his passing:Robert Byrd was not a perfect man, but he was always eager to learn from and make up for his mistakes. He spent most of his career tirelessly working to atone for the hate that once consumed him. To those who are not complete idiots, the story of Robert Byrd is one of healing, one of redemption, and certainly not a can of worms Republicans would want to open if they, like Byrd, were thinking individuals capable of change.Unfortunately, they are not. It s not the 1940s anymore. How many times must they be reminded of this?Featured image via Facebook",0
4891, SEARING WaPo Op-Ed CRUSHES Rudy Giuliani’s Claims That Hillary Is Sick,"The rumors that Hillary Clinton is sick have been flying around the right as conservatives desperately search for any way possible to take her down and elevate the disaster that is Donald Trump. Even Katrina Pierson tried to claim that Hillary has a  rare brain disease  with no evidence whatsoever. These not-so lovely people point to videos of her coughing and appearing to have a seizure, criticize her for getting helped up some stairs, and even claim that her glasses are evidence that she s gravely ill.Rudy Giuliani, who s increasingly extreme and will do anything to remain endeared to Donald Trump, earned a lot of flak for claiming that Hillary Clinton is sick, too, without a any evidence other than online videos. The Washington Post decided to hit Giuliani back on that with an op-ed titled,  Is Rudy Giuliani Okay? The first three paragraphs of the op-ed are both scathing and sarcastic, and perfect for what Giuliani has done: During his 15-minute speech at the GOP convention last month in Cleveland, it was notable that when he said Donald Trump loves  all people, from the top to the bottom,  Mr. Giuliani animatedly gestured toward his knees as he said  top,  and above his head as he said  bottom.  Also, why did he say that he and his wife, Judith, have been friends with Mr. Trump for 30 years, though he met his wife in 1999, only 17 years ago?Also   we re noting this purely out of concern   during his speech he often licked his lips, indicating dry mouth, which, according to the Mayo Clinic, can be a symptom of nerve damage, stroke or Alzheimer s disease. At the end of his address, beads of sweat were visible on his pate   did that not suggest heart disease?Mr. Giuliani is just 72, but he seemed slightly stooped as he walked to the lectern, where his wide stance made us wonder if he s unsteady on his feet. Then there was his slurred diction, as when he referred to  jushtified  police shootings and Syrian  refyoongees.  More evidence of a stroke? Come to think of it, Giuliani did look a bit decrepit at the convention, didn t he?See how he can t seem to stand up straight? (Photo by Chip Somodevilla/Getty Images) And what is up with that squint? Did he have a a stroke that affected his vision? (Photo by John Moore/Getty Images)We can make ludicrous claims like Giuliani, too.The Post wanted to give Giuliani and the rest of the right wing a taste of what it s like for people who aren t doctors of any sort, let alone their doctors, tell the world that they re obviously ill. The truth, however, is that we actually have less cause to question Hillary s health than The Donald s, because Hillary has had a real medical exam and released it.Trump, however, has not. The record he released was a complete sham (like literally everything else he s done), his doctor is a quack at best, and, like his taxes, he won t release his actual health records. So how are we to know how healthy he really is, despite his quack s assertions that he d be the healthiest president ever?Of course, the Post acknowledges that their assessment of Giuliani s health is ridiculous, as they should and as we did above. Their goal was to put the entire  Ermagherd Herllery ers serck  crowd on the right in their place, and they did an outstanding job of it.So how does it feel to have someone who is not your doctor, or a doctor of any kind, diagnosing you with health problems based solely on how you appeared on television, Mr. Giuliani?Featured image by Jeff Swensen/Getty Images",0
4892, UH-OH: Sarah Palin Sounds Ready To Declare WAR On Trump,"Sarah Palin has stepped out of the shadows and sent a warning shot across Donald Trump s bow. Largely silent for most of the election since she endorsed Trump some months ago, Palin is speaking out after Trump made comments that have been interpreted as a change in his anti-immigration position.While there s no actual concrete policy shift, and just comments made on cable news, Trump has said he could back away from his proposed plan for a mass deportation of undocumented immigrants.That has angered Palin, who went on the record with the Wall Street Journal.In recent days, Mr. Trump has shifted away from calling for mass deportation of illegal immigrants to suggesting some could stay if they paid back taxes. If Mr. Trump were to go down a path of wishy-washy positions taken on things that the core foundation of his support has so appreciated, and that is respecting our Constitution and respecting law and order in America, then yeah, there would be massive disappointment,  Mrs. Palin, the Republican nominee for vice president in 2008, said in a telephone interview with the Wall Street Journal.  Parts of that message we heard in the last week are clearly not consistent with the stringent position and message that supporters have received all along. Support from Palin undoubtedly helped Trump during the primaries, especially when she had previously been associated with more traditional conservatives like Senator Ted Cruz.But since then she has been on the backburner. He has done few campaign events with her, and she did not receive a speaking slot at the Republican Convention in Cleveland. When asked about the apparent snub, Trump made the bizarre claim,  It s a little bit difficult because of where she is. We love Sarah. Little bit difficult because of, you know, it s a long ways away.  Palin has previously spoken at conservative events like CPAC on the east coast without any transportation problems.Featured image via YouTube",0
4893, Alabama GOP Mayor Calls Opponent ‘N*****’ After Losing Election (SCREENSHOTS),"You know how we often jest, largely because it s true, that conservatives are racist? Well, maybe we ve misjudged them. The Republican mayor of Midland City, Alabama had a classy response when someone asked her how the election went. Breaking what seems to be an unending series of Trump supporters and other racists/Republicans saying horrible things about black people, Patsy Capshaw Skipper congratulated her opponent, Jo Ann Bennett Grimsley, on a hard-fought race and wished her well. Just kidding   she called her a n*gger, because Skipper is a Republican and what do you really expect from them these days?Skipper, with 148 votes, was soundly defeated by Grimsley s 233, with a third candidate managing 59.  I hope she does a great job for the city and I am very happy for her,  the current Mayor said publicly when asked how she feels about Grimsley being her new Mayor. But outside the spotlight, seemingly protected by her Facebook privacy settings, she had a slightly different opinion.A man named Don Thompson, apparently posting on his wife s account, asked how the election is going, leading Skipper to go from zero to racist in less than a second:The only response this received was  I m so sorry. It s appalling,  Arlissa Minniefield, who serves as town clerk and magistrate for the Town of Newton, said Thursday. It was she who shared the post.  As a former employee there, to know that you worked under people that had those kinds of feelings is very disheartening.  She has previously served as magistrate for Midland City.But never fear   Skipper claimed that her Facebook has been  messed up for several weeks  and adds  I think I ve been hacked. Facebook, of course, offers robust (and, at time, irritating) security features that force a person to enter a code that is sent to a user s cell phone if they attempt to log in from an unfamiliar device. Before this feature was implemented, the  hacked  excuse was viable, but not today, Skippy, not today.She says that she had just undergone heart surgery and had not even been out to campaign for re-election. Interestingly, she was able to remove the post from her  hacked  account   unless, of course, our mystery hacker felt bad about what he or she did and un-did the damage. You know, since hackers are typically known as being magnanimous.This is one epic f*ckup that can not be blamed on voters. When her husband, Virgil, retired in February due to health reasons, Midland City council voted 3-1 to appoint Skipper to fill his shoes. It is unclear if she also fills his Klan robe and hood, or if she picked those up herself.Featured image via screengrab",0
4894, Trump Supporting KKK Leader Defends Trump And Alt-Right In Response To Hillary’s Brilliant Speech,"David Duke is a former Ku Klux Klan Grand Wizard who also happens to be one of the most famous white supremacists in modern history. He is also, like many white supremacists, anti-semites, and other assorted despicable bigots, a Donald Trump supporter. Today, as we all know by now, Hillary Clinton issued a blistering takedown of Trump in a brilliant speech delivered in Reno, Nevada. She indicted the so-called  alt-right  movement   which is really nothing more than the new white supremacy   as well as Donald Trump himself for being nothing more than bigots, and bringing their bigotry into the mainstream via this presidential election. Well, of course, David Duke was most unhappy with this, and decided to issue a statement defending the alt-right   which of course means, at this point, that he is also defending Trump.Duke talked to Buzzfeed s Andrew Kaczynski and said:Kaczynski went on to tweet:Bottom line, the white nationalists trust Trump and don't find his condemnations of them to be sincere.  andrew kaczynski (@BuzzFeedAndrew) August 26, 2016He s right, of course. They know that Trump is just doing what he has to do to get elected. He is their guy. They know that all of his pathetic and disingenuous attempts to reach out to communities of color is really just lip service; hell, he isn t even actually talking to communities of color. He s trying to assure more mainstream white people that he isn t quite as racist as they thought, and that they should still vote for him, because he s still their man.Trump s campaign has completely embraced the lunatic fringe, and they are welcoming him with open arms. No matter how much his campaign staff tries to  soften  his bombastic tone and gets him to read off of a teleprompter, the truth is already out there, via not just Trump s own words, associations, and actions, but also via the full throated endorsement and defense of Klan leaders and other white supremacist leaders like David Duke.GOP, if you ve any sense at all, you ll kick ALL of these racists out of your party. You can t just say you aren t racists. You have to prove it. Take the hit this election, and reject Trumpism before it is too late.Featured image via SAUL LOEB/AFP/Getty Images",0
4895, Donald Trump Has A Much Bigger Problem With Speaking Fees Than Clinton Ever Did,"For months now, the right and some on the left have been politicizing the fact that Hillary Clinton, like virtually all people who have been in positions of power, gets paid to speak for large audiences. Clinton earns large paychecks for the speaking engagements   around $200k a piece, much of which has been donated to the Clinton Foundation. So why doesn t anyone talk about the fact that Donald Trump made far more in speaking fees for a company that is essentially a pyramid scheme?Well, to be fair, the right-wing Daily Caller is talking about it.Trump s presidential financial disclosure, which was released on Wednesday by the Federal Election Commission, shows that he has been paid $450,000 each for three speeches given on behalf of ACN Inc., a North Carolina-based  multi-level marketing  company. The celebrity and real estate billionaire spoke most recently at ACN s annual convention which was held in Charlotte in February.Trump first became involved with ACN in 2006. In 2009 and 2011, company executives appeared on the mogul s NBC reality show,  Celebrity Apprentice.  During one of those episodes, a video phone ACN was selling was a featured product.Like all multilevel marketing companies, ACN (American Communications Network) is more about recruiting people   people who have to pay $499 just for the privilege of selling products plus an annual fee and training expenses. That s all kind of standard, but Robert Fitzpatrick, who runs the website called Pyramid Scheme Alert, says ACN is one of the worst. They don t seem to care about sales at all, but they do care about offering false hope and Trump is part of that.I ll let this video tell you more:Here s another:There are negative reviews all over the internet about ACN. While they have an A+ rating with the Better Business Bureau, that s only after the Bureau had to field 203 complaints over the last three years.It s doubtful Trump cares. Trump sells his name to anything that might give him a profit. Trump University should be enough to show that Trump is a scam artist and a fraudster. The fact that Trump chose to get in bed with a Multilevel Marketing Company with dubious, at best, ethics, says all we need to know about the man who could be president.Featured image via Jonathan Bachman/Getty Images.",0
4896, Clinton’s Devastating New Ad Puts Trump’s White Supremacist Ties On Full Display (VIDEO),"On the same day as Hillary Clinton denounced Donald Trump for his racist alt-right connections in a blistering speech, she released a devastating new ad that put his white supremacist ties on full display for the world to see.The ad opened with a clip of a Grand Imperial Wizard of the Ku Klux Klan declaring that he and other white supremacists support Trump because  a lot of what he believes in, we believe in.  It also featured robocalls that had been made by white supremacists on behalf of the Republican nominee during the primaries. Another clip in the ad has former KKK Grand Wizard David Duke announcing that  voting against Trump is treason to your heritage.  The ad also shows when Trump failed to disavow Duke and white supremacy in general.Clinton s campaign ad also calls out Trump s most recent campaign manager, Stephen Bannon, who is the CEO of alt-right Breitbart news. The alt-right is described in the ad as  the dressed-up-in-suits version of the neo-nazi and white supremacist movements. The racist white supremacist support Trump s campaign receives cannot be ignored, and Hillary Clinton is making sure that his bigotry doesn t slip through the cracks now that he has launched  minority outreach  efforts in the hopes of luring voters of color to the GOP. Trump has dog-whistled to white supremacists from the very beginning and has only gotten bolder as time has gone on. As a result, the racist extremists of the alt-right have flocked to his cause. As Clinton points out in this ad, if Trump wins in November,  they could be running the country. Watch the ad here: [youtube https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Iq_zx7cpSWA]Featured image via video screenshot",0
4897, ‘Simpsons’ Creator Matt Groening Eerily Foresaw Today’s Republican Insanity 25 Years Ago,"Matt Groening loves to poke fun at everything conservative and Republican. From the hilarious Fox News motto on a news chopper that circles Springfield, home of The Simpsons, to his own comic, Life In Hell, he s been clear that Republicanism is not something to which he takes kindly. This is plainly in evidence in Life In Hell, where he rewrote the Pledge of Allegiance several times.The most amazing of these pledges captures right-wing bigotry, fundie Christian culture, and jingoism very well. It reads:Matt Groenig predicted the future in 1994 pic.twitter.com/VJ0joILC18  Butch Brodie (@butch_brodie) August 25, 2016 I pledge allegiance to and wrap myself in the flag of the United States against anything un-American, and to the Republicans for which it stands, two nations, under Jesus, rich against poor, with curtailed liberty and justice for all (except blacks, homosexuals, women ). Look at today s GOP. It has been hijacked by flag-waving, gun-toting pseudo-Christians who think  Murica is the greatest nation on earth, and woe to he who disagrees with any of that. In doing so, they ve co-opted our flag and turned it into a symbol of all that is wrong, not right, with this country.Groening may not have known it at the time, but he was predicting the future of the Republican Party with this particular pledge. However, it s not the only time he s made fun of the Pledge of Allegiance. He had this one, too, from 1991: I pledge impertinence to the flag-waving of the unindicted co-conspirators of America, and to the Republicans for which I can t stand, one abomination, underhanded fraud, indefensible, with liberty and justice, forget it. And this one: I plead alignment to the flakes of the untitled snakes of a merry cow and to the republicrats for which they scam: one nacho, underpants with licorice and jugs of wine for owls. Maybe Groening saw back then what we re actually living now? These nutbags are people who think they re  taking their country back,  and in the process, have pretty much stolen everything that made us the United States of America (except fundie Christianity and the oppression that comes with it, and ammosexuality. They can keep those two). These three pledges are beautiful examples of everything wrong with Republicans.Featured image by Ethan Miller/Getty Images",0
4898, Elizabeth Warren Announces That A Major For Profit School Is Banned From Accepting Students,"If there s one thing Elizabeth Warren hates, it s when ordinary citizens get the wool pulled over their eyes and are taken advantage of by greedy corporations.In an effort to make at least one company no longer have the ability to cheat students out of a proper education and tens of thousands of dollars, ITT Tech will no longer be allowed to accept students.Warren took to Facebook to make the announcement: ITT Tech   a massive, for-profit college   is currently under investigation by 20 state and federal agencies for cheating students. The SEC, the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau, and Massachusetts Attorney General Maura Healey are all suing them for fraud. ITT Tech failed, again, to meet the scandalously low standards of its accrediting agency, but still sucked down a whopping $600 million in taxpayer dollars last year.Today, the Department of Education has finally declared that enough is enough, banning ITT Tech from enrolling any new students with federal student loan and grant dollars this fall. ITT s free ride is finally over, and the message couldn t be clearer: We will no longer stand by and allow these shady institutions to bilk taxpayers and cheat students. https://www.facebook.com/senatorelizabethwarren/posts/636549976507499Warren also posts a link that explains what is happening and what current students can do or expect. Part of the article explains:As a current ITT student with federal loans, you have some options:You can continue your courses at ITT with your federal student aid. There s no immediate change to your program.You can transfer your credits to a new school (if that school accepts them) and complete your education.You can pause your education and wait to see how this matter resolves itself in the coming months. If ITT closes before you finish your program and you don t transfer your credits, you will likely be eligible to discharge your federal loans.This is huge news, and long overdue. All too often these for-profit schools continue to take money while providing subpar education, often not properly accredited. These schools spend more on advertising than education and take advantage of people who may not necessarily realize they are being robbed.It is wonderful to finally see some justice be made and watch at least another one of these scam schools be given what is long overdue.Featured Photo by Alex Wong/Getty Images",0
4899, These 2 Orlando Hospitals Just Saved Pulse Nightclub Shooting Victims Over $5 Million In Costs,"The two Orlando-area hospitals that treated the shooting victims from the tragic Pulse nightclub attack are doing something amazing: They won t bill those patients for their out-of-pocket costs. Considering the fact that ER visits and hospital stays can run tens of thousands, if not hundreds of thousands of dollars, and our healthcare industry prioritizes getting their due dollars in any way possible over care, this is amazing news indeed.Instead, Orlando Regional Medical Center, which treated most of the victims, will seek additional payment from insurance and from a victims  fund that city officials established in the wake of the shooting. Whatever insurance and the victims  fund don t cover will be written off.Florida Hospital, which treated 12 victims, said it actually won t bill any of them or their insurance, nor will it bill them for follow-up treatment stemming from the attack.The two hospitals together will write off at least $5.5 million in treatment and care.David Strong, president and CEO of Orlando Health, said: The pulse [sic] shooting was a horrendous tragedy for the victims, their families and our entire community. During this very trying time, many organizations, individuals and charities have reached out to Orlando Health to show their support. This is simply our way of paying that kindness forward. The families of those who died won t find themselves charged, either.The victims who received care are relieved   they were set to get fucked sideways with a rusty chainsaw by the abysmal payer structure that exists in our healthcare industry, which actually bankrupts entire families. Indeed, most of them (if not all of them) can t afford to pay for this level of hospital care.These are people who simply went out for a night of fun, and ended up badly hurt and in the hospital. They have to deal with the far more insidious mental and emotional trauma of the shooting in addition to healing from their physical injuries, and victims  families are in a lot of pain, too. Nobody should ever have to deal with the added stress of hugantic bills for medical care they need.Now these victims can relax a bit about their treatment, and focus more of their energy on healing in all ways. If only more in our greedy, for-profit healthcare system cared as much as these hospitals.Featured image by Gerardo Mora/Getty Images",0
4900, Trump’s Bizarre Reaction To Hillary’s Speech Calling Him Racist Proves He’s Racist (TWEETS),"Donald Trump, besides being a classic narcissist, also exhibits classic projection behavior. Nearly everything that s been coming out of his mouth lately regarding Hillary Clinton is exactly what has been said about him. It s as if he doesn t think anyone will notice, and likely his imbecilic supporters won t.Now, in a move that is bizarre to most sane-minded individuals, Trump is trying to paint Hillary Clinton as a racist. You know, the woman with 90+% of the African-American vote locked up.Why does Hillary have such widespread support from the black community? Because she s worked her whole career to make life better for them. It s not rocket science.Well, it s that and the fact that Donald Trump, quite literally, is racist and is supported by white nationalists everywhere.Trump has been pandering to the black and Latino vote at almost every recent rally. It s obvious, pathetic, and kind of insulting to people s intelligence. Something he doesn t have to worry about among his pack of lemmings.So, when Hillary delivered a speech in Reno, Nevada highlighting how very racist Trump is with his incendiary remarks, and there s evidence to back it up with how he s treated the Latino community, and how he refused to rent property to African-Americans back in the 70s, his quick reaction was to say Hillary is actually the racist one.How did he deliver this reaction? Via his favorite medium of choice   Twitter, of course.Directly after a tweet pandering to the African-American community that read,  So many in the African-American community are doing so badly, poverty and crime way up, employment and jobs way down: I will fix it, promise  which assumes all black people live in poverty, Trump tweets out his reaction to Hillary slamming him.Just watched recap of #CrookedHillary's speech. Very short and lies. She is the only one fear-mongering!  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) August 25, 2016Hillary Clinton's short speech is pandering to the worst instincts in our society. She should be ashamed of herself!  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) August 25, 2016Hillary Clinton is using race-baiting to try to get African-American voters- but they know she is all talk and NO ACTION!  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) August 25, 2016Take some time to really absorb that. He s literally saying what everyone is saying about him. He s proving to the world that he knows he s a racist, but thinks if he can say  I know you are, but what am I  no one will notice.The American people aren t that stupid, Donald, and we will make sure you get nowhere near the Oval Office come November at the voting booth.Featured Photo by Joe Raedle/Getty Images",0
4901, Rachel Maddow Asked Trump’s Campaign Manager About His Muslim Ban–The Result Was Priceless (VIDEO),"By now most of us know that anytime a member of the Trump campaign gets confronted about one of their leader s disgusting policies, it does not go well for them. Wednesday night s segment of The Rachel Maddow Show was no different   host Rachel Maddow grilled Trump s new campaign manager Kellyanne Conway for a solid 40 minutes.Maddow made sure to take full advantage of the fact that she had a Trump operative right in front of her, and she didn t waste a second. For six intense minutes of the interview, Maddow confronted Conway about the Republican nominee s  total and complete  Muslim ban, which he d suggested in December. Bringing up the fact that Trump had partially backtracked and flip-flopped on the idea, Maddow asked Conway if Trump still intends to enforce that policy. Conway s response was just like all of Trump s   indirect and avoidant.Conway said that Trump had  clarified  his proposal recently, but that it had also stayed the same. While many interviewers might have accepted that answer and moved on, Maddow let Conway know that this wasn t going to be that kind of interview. Maddow wouldn t let it go, and pressed her: There s a reason why we keep not moving on from this stuff. December 7, when he made this statement, it was like every political firework went off at once. Because nobody could believe he was saying, if you are from a specific religion, you re not allowed to come here. If that s no longer the case, that s a big deal. Maddow also fired off several of Trump s previous offenses such as his racist, inappropriate attacks on the Khan family and the Curiel family, stating that out of both of the responses Conway was trying to give her,  only one of them can be true : In the same way that his statement of regret, if it s meant to apply to the Khan family, the Curiel family, we can t give him credit to that, unless he tells us that he s communicated that to them. This is stuff of his own making. If you want the campaign to not be about this stuff anymore, he s the one who has to end those controversies. You re in a position of trying to defend what he said last week, and not refer to what he said in December, but only one of them can be true. Conway responded by not answering the question and accusing Democratic nominee Hillary Clinton of flip-flopping over 20 times. Conway also threw in an attack about the Clinton Foundation, accusing the former secretary of state of corruption. Maddow once again put Conway back on task,  But your own campaign is about your own candidate, right?Conway said: No. There s a choice.   yes, this campaign is about two candidates. If I can say one thing about the coverage, it s not that it s biased or slanted. It s incomplete. It s a referendum of Donald Trump, like you re going to the ballot box and it s going to be a big picture of Donald Trump with a light. You either put a black x over him, or you say yay. Maddow reminded Conway that  one candidate is planning on banning people from the United States.  When Conway accused Clinton of  hiding,   Maddow dropped this truth bomb: Not doing press conferences is one thing. But proposing a ban on people coming to the United States over a specific religion Conway said that Maddow could bring her cameras to interview The Donald himself, but it s doubtful that Trump would rise to the challenge   especially after watching Maddow destroy Conway in this interview.You can watch this segment below:Featured image is a screenshot",0
4902, Furious Trump Supporter Threatens To Kill Trump After He Changes Immigration Policy (VIDEO),"Republican nominee Donald Trump recently surprised everyone when he flip-flopped on the harsh immigration policy he d been promising his racist, hateful supporters since the beginning of his campaign. It turns out, not everyone is taking this news very well   especially the Trump lovers who wanted nothing more than to see millions of illegal immigrants heartlessly removed from the country they built their lives in.On Wednesday s segment of The Glenn Beck Program, a furious Trump supporter shared his reaction to Trump s recent softening on immigration   and it wasn t good. In speaking to host Glenn Beck,  Nate from Virginia  actually delivered a threat to Trump. The guest warned: As long as he does the basic things, the foundational things, which is build a wall, he s not going to have people like me coming after him. Beck wasn t alarmed at first, but was visibly stunned as angry Nate continued his rant. Seemingly speaking for all Trump supporters, Nate said: Oh, he s in so much trouble. You don t even understand the backlash of us, the ones who are so frustrated and angry and tired of all the political stuff. We re going to come after him, personally, you know what I mean? We re going to get him. Beck clarified,  I don t know what you mean. Hang on, what does that mean? Nate s response was far from comforting: You know, the most peaceful way you can get rid of a president When Beck hopefully suggested that Nate might have meant he wants to impeach Trump, Nate corrected him and said he definitely meant violence: Well, I mean, hey, you yourself said he s condoned violence in the past, hasn t he? He s appealing to people who are very frustrated and angry. Their frustration and anger can only be subsided if he makes his promises true. And he has a lot on his shoulders, maybe he himself doesn t even know how much. But if he doesn t come through for us, he s going to have bigger problems, bigger problems than what you know. Beck was so disturbed by  one of the spookiest phone calls I ve ever received  that he hung up on Nate.You can watch the call unfold below:A few weeks ago, Donald Trump had suggested that Democratic nominee Hillary Clinton should be assassinated by the  Second Amendment people.  He might just be getting a taste of his own medicine now   by the very hate movement he created.Featured image via Jonathan Bachman / Getty Images",0
4903, Trump ‘Promises’ To Fix Black People’s Problems And Gets Spectactularly Owned For It On Twitter,"Donald Trump must really think black people are stupid.The Republican nominee has been making a series of pathetic attempts to reach out to black voters on the campaign trail recently as his poll numbers continue to implode. What the hell do you have to lose,  Trump asked black voters in front of a white audience earlier this week as he claimed they all live in neighborhoods that are  war zones,  have bad schools, are unemployed, and live in poverty.Well, Trump took to Twitter on Thursday and made yet another pathetic effort to fool black voters into thinking that he actually gives a damn about them.Once again, Trump claimed poverty and crime are up in African-American communities while claiming that employment is down.  I will fix it, promise,  he tacked on at the end.So many in the African-American community are doing so badly, poverty and crime way up, employment and jobs way down: I will fix it, promise  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) August 25, 2016Of course, Trump is talking out of his ass.As it turns out the black poverty rate over the last two decades favors Hillary Clinton and is really damning for Republicans.According to BlackDemographics.com: During the decade of the 1990s while the nation was experiencing an economic boom the poverty rate of Black families dropped from 29% in 1990 to 19% in 2000 virtually cutting the disparity in half. The economic downturn in the decade from 2000 to 2010 caused the increase of the Black family poverty rate to 24%. Since 2010 the Black family poverty rate began to decrease sightly reaching 23% in 2014, however the disparity has remained relatively unchanged since 2000.As we all know, Bill Clinton was president in the 1990s and he presided over a strong economy that benefited just about everyone, including African-Americans. But then George W. Bush took over and black families began to slip back below the poverty line, especially during the Great Recession.In addition, Trump over-exaggerates the crime in black communities and his claim that the unemployment rate among blacks is up is bullshit, too. In fact, it s been cut nearly in half since 2011.So Twitter ripped Trump a new one. .@realDonaldTrump just like you  fixed  the availability of all those apartment buildings so black tenants couldn t rent from you?? Promise.  Isaac Saul (@Ike_Saul) August 25, 2016@realDonaldTrump Mr. Trump, can you please be specific? Maybe about anything? #NeverTrump  Mike Wickett (@mikewickett) August 25, 2016 @realDonaldTrump pic.twitter.com/9bpOcGzUqX  John Harris (@YahyaJohn) August 25, 2016@RealDonaldTrump needs to:  Release tax returns  Apologize to the Khan Fam  Apologize to disabled Americans  Apologize to Muslims & Latinos  John Harris (@YahyaJohn) August 25, 2016 @YahyaJohn @realDonaldTrump also: delete his account  Scott A. W. Brown (@Scott_AW_Brown) August 25, 2016@realDenaldTrump @realDonaldTrump You called us thugs, criminals, drug dealers, pigs, rapists. Now you want our votes! SAD!  Judith Raquel (@GWGMJ30) August 25, 2016 @realDonaldTrump you were sued for refusing black people as tenants  Andrew W Chamings (@AndrewChamings) August 25, 2016@realDonaldTrump If you are reaching out to  the black  voters you are going to need longer arms and bigger hands pic.twitter.com/Q3p1Y7hEtg  Jake from state farm (@my2bits4u) August 25, 2016 @realDonaldTrump um  pic.twitter.com/YaYxGFtr1R  Paulino Nunes (@paulinocmnunes) August 25, 2016Featured image via Gustavo Caballero/Getty Images",0
4904, Hillary Has BIG Lead Over Trump In Latest National Poll,"It appears Clinton s  post convention bump  has not ended quite yet. In a new national poll released from Quinnipiac, Hillary Clinton is trouncing Donald Trump by 10 points, which has been consistent with her post-convention spike in the polls.Not only is Clinton beating Trump by 10 points in this stage of the game, she has nabbed 51 percent of the vote, a milestone not reached in polling until now. With now a majority of the country supporting Clinton, Trump will have to work hard to overcome his self-inflicted controversies and multiple  shakeups  that have hardline conservatives anxious.The poll shows Clinton winning with the support of the Obama coalition:The Democratic nominee drew wide levels of support from women (60 percent to 36 percent), those between the ages of 18-34 (64 percent to 29 percent), and 35-49 (53 percent to 39 percent). Trump, meanwhile, holds a smaller advantage among men (48 percent to 42 percent) and a large lead over Clinton among whites who do not have a college degree (58 percent to 35 percent).Independent voters prefer Clinton slightly, 46 percent to 41 percent, while likely voters between the ages of 50-64 are split, with 46 percent behind Clinton and 47 percent backing Trump. Voters 65 and older supported Trump 49 percent to 45 percent.Clinton also holds a lead of 62 points among non-white voters, 77 percent to Trumps 15 percent. Looks like his African American outreach and immigration flip-flopping is going swimmingly.The poll, which was conducted on Aug. 18-24, surveying 1,498 likely voters, and with a margin of error of 2.5 percent, shows that nine of ten voters surveyed said they have made up their mind about who they were going to vote for.Even when factoring in third party candidates Gary Johnson and Jill Stein, Clinton still beats Trump by 5 points.The time for Trump to appeal to undecided, independent voters is quickly coming to a close, as early voting begins mid September.Clinton s RealClearPolitics average has her up by 5 points, and Nate Silver s FiveThirtyEight gives her an 84 percent chance of winning the election, so the poll conducted by Quinnipiac is not an outlier.Featured image via Jeff Swensen/Getty Images",0
4905, WATCH: Doctor Hilariously Tears Apart Donald Trump’s Ridiculous Health Letter,"Donald Trump is taking a lot of fire over the letter his alleged physician wrote about his health, but it got hilariously worse on Thursday.Dr. Jennifer Gunter appeared on CNN with Chris Cuomo to discuss the letter, which was written in December by Dr. Harold Bornstein in lieu of an actual medical report.In her own examination of the letter, Gunter questioned Bornstein s terminology and picked apart how he diagnosed the Republican nominee throughout. Being able to unequivocally state that somebody would be the  healthiest individual  is just not a factual statement, right?  Gunter said.  You would have had to examine every other president to be able to say that, so that s incorrect. And then Gunter hilariously hammered how Bornstein described Trump s lab test results. Lab results aren t reported as being  astonishingly excellent  or not   we give lab values of positive or negative. Then there s the fact that he says all of Mr. Trump s results are positive   which, of course, would be a bad thing. When I tell someone they have gonorrhea, when they have a positive test for gonorrhea, they re not happy about that. That s not  astonishingly excellent. Nope, I m guessing they would not be, doc,  Cuomo replied.  Interesting example you give there. So has Donald Trump ever had gonorrhea? It s definitely a question worth asking since Trump brags about how many women he has slept with. In 1997, Trump told radio host Howard Stern that sleeping around was his  personal Vietnam  and that he was  lucky  that he didn t contract any sexually transmitted diseases.Of course, Trump would never admit it if he did contract an STD, so who is to say he didn t lie when he talked to Stern?After all, all of his test results were apparently  positive  according to his physician. We don t know why Donald Trump lost 15 pounds   he says he likes to eat KFC a lot, so that s a concern,  Gunter continued.  That s really important, you can t put a piece of medical information out there and not follow it up. Gunter then called for Bornstein to explain the inaccuracies stated in the letter. There s a lot of inaccuracies, and I think that the doctor should explain why he wrote it that way. If that s his letter and that s how he writes, what s the big deal about saying,  This is me, and gosh, I made a mistake in saying which section that doesn t exist at Lenox Hospital that I thought I was in.  So I think there s a lot of a inconsistencies, and you have a document that s this important   it should be accurate. I want my health information to be accurate, I want the information I write about someone else to be accurate, and I guess we all wonder, if this part s inaccurate, what else is inaccurate, too? Here s the video via Twitter.Doctor lays out problems with Donald Trump s health letter:  There s a lot of inaccuracies  https://t.co/hex4QIjQDG https://t.co/690IMjNBom  New Day (@NewDay) August 25, 2016As Donald Trump and his minions continue to spread false claims about Hillary Clinton s health, it s only fair to start asking questions about his own. And that means Trump s doctor note is fair game.The fact is, however, that Hillary has released her own detailed medical report written by her doctor while Trump continues to hide his own medical history from the voting public. He hoped that a bullshit letter would be enough, but going after Hillary s health only brought up new questions about his own. Voters deserve to see Trump s real medical history. If he is as healthy as he brags he is then he should have nothing to fear. But just like his taxes, Trump clearly doesn t want his medical history revealed because it could damage him even more than he has done to himself already.Featured image via screen capture",0
4906, Ann Coulter Turns On Trump Over His Immigration Flip Flop,"Just as her new book praising Donald Trump, In Trump We Must, hits the shelves, Ann Coulter appears to now be souring on the Republican nominee she calls our  only hope. After Trump appeared to flip flop on one of his biggest campaign promises   deporting 11 million undocumented immigrants   Coulter, who has made immigration her number one issue, sent out a frenzy of tweets mocking Trump for his perceived weakness on the issue:Only part he left out was the  hoops  they ll have to jump through! Trump: No citizenship. Let me go a step further they ll pay back-taxes  Ann Coulter (@AnnCoulter) August 25, 2016 Trump:  they have to pay taxes, there s no amnesty  [Pro Tip:  Back taxes  means we pay illegals $30k apiece in EITC.}  Ann Coulter (@AnnCoulter) August 25, 2016It s not  amnesty.  It s  comprehensive immigration reform !!!! Trump:  they have to pay taxes, there s no amnesty.  Ann Coulter (@AnnCoulter) August 25, 2016 Well, if it s  hard,  then nevermind. Trump:   to take a person who s been here for 15 or 20 years  .It s a very, very hard thing.  Ann Coulter (@AnnCoulter) August 25, 2016It s  hard  to deport someone who s been here FOUR YEARS! https://t.co/Ajbon3TcDP  Ann Coulter (@AnnCoulter) August 25, 2016Coulter also told reporters that if Trump continues to back down on his immigration promises made during the primaries, she would cease her upcoming book tour for In Trump We Must. On MSNBC s Hardball Coulter told Chris Matthews that his softening tone was a  mistake  and said it  sounds like it s coming from advisors. Trump is in big trouble. Ann Coulter is basically severing ties with the xenophobic billionaire, and if Ann Coulter can t support you, then there goes a chunk of right-wing support.The impending Coulter-Trump war is a glorious gift from the political gods and it could not have come at a better time. Trump is already having a hard time getting GOP support. A tiff with Coulter and other right-wing ideologues is not the best idea.Featured image via Gage Skidmore/Getty Images",0
4907, Here’s What Black Voters Think Of Donald Trump’s Pathetic Attempt To Woo Them,"Donald Trump is arrogant and narcissistic enough that he probably thinks he convinced black voters to support him. He is very wrong.As it turns out, black voters are overwhelmingly unimpressed by Trump s pathetic outreach effort. And Republicans have no one to blame but themselves.For years, Republicans have stereotyped black people as poor people who live in violent neighborhoods and want free stuff. Donald Trump has made that view the centerpiece of his plea to African-Americans. You re living in your poverty, your schools are no good, you have no jobs, 58 percent of your youth is unemployed   what the hell do you have to lose?  Trump asked during a speech earlier this week.And his message has only strengthened the resolve of black voters to NOT vote for him.The New York Times actually went out and talked to black voters, unlike Trump, who was speaking to an all white audience while telling black people what their lives are like. I hear him not talking to black people, but talking to white people about black people so they will think he cares about black people,  said former Atlanta Daily World publisher Alexis Scott.  The real thing that he s trying to do is to try to protect some of the white vote by suggesting to them that he cares. He is giving voice to every stereotype he s ever heard,  Scott continued.  I heard someone say,  It s like he only watches  The Wire,  and that s what he knows about black people. National Urban League president Marc Morial wasn t a fan of Trump s depiction of black people either. It s an inaccurate portrayal of the community that seeks to define the community by only its biggest challenges,  Morial told the Times.  Black America has deep problems   deep economic problems   but black America also has a large community of striving, successful, hard-working people: college educated, in the work force. Retired postal worker Demeitrus Williams concurs. Who s he talking about?  he wondered before answering his own question.  I don t know   most of the black people I know are educated and live in nice neighborhoods. Everybody in my family is required to have a degree. Indeed, characterizing all black people as living in poverty is a huge mistake that is not based in facts. While the percentage of blacks living in poverty is still high compared to white people, only 26 percent of African-Americans live that reality.And the criticism goes beyond the people the New York Times spoke to.Charlotte Observer columnist Eric Frazier slammed Trump and the Republican Party for trying to sucker black voters into voting for them even though they don t support any of the issues African-Americans care about. Blacks vote Democrat today because Democrats fought for their votes,  Frazier wrote. The party that once welcomed cross-burning Klansmen did an about-face on civil rights and earned the black vote.Are you fighting to get those votes back? Nope.The path to do so is clear, if you re interested. Embrace affirmative action   and let racist base voters walk. Pass criminal justice reform. Champion black entrepreneurship and the rebuilding of the inner cities. Reach out to churchgoing black families; their traditionalist social values mirror yours. In contrast, Republicans have only moved farther to the right into the open arms of white supremacists and are working constantly to weaken or destroy the Voting Rights Act and Civil Rights Act.So what do black voters have to lose by voting for Trump? Their rights and their freedom, which is why Republicans can expect to continue losing the black vote for years to come.Featured image via Jeff Swensen/Getty Images",0
4908, Chicago Police Dept. Points Out TWO Huge Flaws In Trump’s Chicago Violence Lies,"Trump s wild lies continue unabated as he continues to say that he s met with people that have never once spoken to him. This time, he s claiming he talked to the Chicago Police Department about the city s violence, and a  top officer  told him that he could solve the problem in just a week. The problem, according to Trump, is that they don t have the authority to do so.Trump appeared on Bill O Reilly s show, where he was asked about how to solve Chicago s violent crime problem. Trump spun a whopper of a lie answering that: How? By being very much tougher than they are right now. They re right now not tough. I could tell you this very long and quite boring story. But when I was in Chicago, I got to meet a couple of very top police. I said,  How do you stop this? How do you stop this? If you were put in charge   to a specific person   do you think you could stop it?  He said,  Mr. Trump, I d be able to stop it in one week.  And I believed him 100 percent. Har de har har   Trump will say anything to convince people that he knows what he s talking about. There is no way to solve any city s violence problems in a single week. Of course, to avoid looking like the fool he is, he said that he didn t ask for this mysterious officer s strategy when O Reilly asked for it.That vagueness is one of the ways that Trump maintains credibility despite all his lies.CPD refuted his claim that he s spoken to them, and one of their spokespeople said: We ve discredited this claim months ago. No one in the senior command at CPD has ever met with Donald Trump or a member of his campaign  Beyond that, the best way to address crime is through a commitment to community policing and a commitment to stronger laws to keep illegal guns and repeat violent offenders off the street. Once all of this became common knowledge, Trump s campaign spokeswoman, Hope Hicks, tried to turn it around on the media by saying that Trump had never said he met with top brass. She claims that s what the media said, which is in keeping with the campaign s assertions that the media intentionally twists his words.CPD has disputed claims from Trump before. Back in March, when he canceled a rally due to violence and said that CPD told him to do so, they said that nobody had ever met with him, let alone told him to cancel his rally for safety reasons.Trump doesn t even know when he s lying because he does it so much. This is another example of that.Featured image by Spencer Platt/Getty Images",0
4909, Christian Fundie Has ASININE Idea For Making Bank Off Trying To Scare LGBT Community,"Christian fundamentalists all over the country are answering some kind of a  call to arms  to defend their faith from certain death. To that end, Jared Vallorani, CEO of Liberty Alliance, sent out a plaintive email to his  patriotic  followers, which contained an idea for scaring gay people straight. It s really quite simple: We want to see 1 MILLION cars on our streets and highways with this emblem. We are not hiding. We are right in front of you and we will not lay down and allow any more of this foolishness to destroy our country that our fathers, grandfathers, and great-grandfathers fought and died for. I want every Christian Patriot in America to get the Star-Spangled Fish Emblem for their vehicle. Can you imagine driving through town and seeing 5 out of every 10 cars with the emblem on it? He went on to say: I assure you, they will take notice! Just like in any game, when the defense makes a big play, it strikes fear in the heart of their opponent. Because a fish on a car is such an instrument of fear and intimidation. Co-opting our flag for a hate-filled purpose is sooooooo totally terrifying that anybody reading this should be quaking in fear right now. Even the LGBT community. Especially the LGBT community. The horror of star-spangled fish adorning a million cars will certainly have all non-believers and sinners cowering before the Christian god, begging for his forgiveness and grace. When you see that fish on someone s car, will you bow down like they expect?Us either.The laughable idea that a silly fish emblem will scare people straight is only part of this, though. The emblems are available at Patriot Depot for $10 (regular price, $12.95) and Patriot Depot is part of, dun dun DUN, Liberty Alliance. The exact same letter that Vallorani sent out to his loyal fans accompanies this overpriced fish emblem, which is pictured below:Isn t that just frightening?This whole thing actually begs the question: Could this  call to arms  be just a way for Liberty Alliance to squeeze money out of their followers? Coerce your loyal followers into buying an overpriced chrome sticker and reap the financial rewards. Or, at least, be able to keep running your site for another day and a half.This email came to Joe My God through Matt Barber s BarbWire, which is one of the many Christian fundie websites that are part of Liberty Alliance. That, predictably, is made up of people who only want liberty for themselves.Also predictably, they have an astonishingly hypocritical description of themselves: Liberty Alliance is a network of web sites dedicated to advancing Life, Liberty, and the Pursuit of Happiness. Given the sites listed on Liberty Alliance s website, including BarbWire, Freedom Outpost, Allen West Republic, Minutemen News, Patriot Tribune, Girls Just Wanna Have Guns, Red Right Republic and more, it s very, very clear that they mean  life, liberty and the pursuit of happiness  only for themselves, and fuck everyone who doesn t fall in line. Those people can perish in hell.We ll be rolling our eyes and giggling uncontrollably the whole way down through those fiery gates. Liberty Alliance no doubt believes that they ve come up with a fool-proof way to make money off their followers and get the added benefit of scaring the LGBT community into oblivion. Their efforts will likely prove fruitless.Featured image via LinkedIn",0
4910, HILARIOUS: What A Trump Ad For Black Voters Would REALLY Look Like (VIDEO),"Donald Trump s presidential campaign has been trying hard to convince the media and (white) voters that he is wholeheartedly making an appeal to black voters. But in reality the Trump attempt to speak about the issues that black Americans have been insulting and ham-fisted at best.Taking that into consideration, Conan O Brien broadcast an ad poking fun at what Trump outreach to black voters would really look like:Like the real Trump campaign s efforts, the hilarious ad comes across more as something that a white person who has never interacted with a black person would come up with. It starts out echoing Trump in the way he has argued that black people have terrible lives, then ratchets up to point out different ways that Trump could pander to black voters   including appointing Denzel Washington to run the FAA.The comedic bit points out how bad the actual Trump work has been, showcasing just how little attention Trump gives to how real black Americans are dealing with life. Instead, Trump treats these voters as simpletons who are looking to him to be their savior. His pitch has literally been to ask black voters what else they have to lose, a far cry from a positive sales job.And black voters are   understandably   not responding to the Trump come-on. Polls show that Trump is on track to have less black vote support in the election than either John McCain or Mitt Romney did in their elections, although President Obama was on the ballot in those contests.Some polling in swing states has shown Trump polling at zero percent with black voters. They have largely been turned off by a campaign using the most nakedly racist appeals seen in such an effort since the pro-segregation  Dixiecrat  party was a player in the 1960s.Featured image via screen capture",0
4911, Support For Hillary Probably Just Got This Texas Family’s Dog Killed (VIDEO),"It s not surprising that Hillary Clinton signs don t last long in tomato red Richardson, Texas, but this is not a normal political year and heated rhetoric and violence have become so commonplace that a family dog might be the victim of a political disagreement.Matt Steadman and his wife are proud Hillary Clinton supporters. They ve put up yard sign after yard sign after yard sign (three) and each one disappeared almost as fast as they appeared. That didn t surprise Steadman, who said it was,  no big deal. Then, things changed. It began with sign stuck under their door that said  Hillary for Prison 2016.  Then, their SUV was vandalized with bleach in the gas tank. The car can t be repaired. Smelled the inside of my gas tank and there was bleach,  said Steadman.  I ve never heard about bleach and gas tanks and cars. Source: CBS DFWThen things got even worse, much worse. The Steadman s adorable 2-year-old Shepard mix named Abby got sick. She started tremoring and she started shaking, I called Beth around 4 and said  I think somethings wrong with Abby.   Abby had ingested a neurotoxin and there was nothing the veterinarian could do. She started tremoring and she started shaking, I called Beth around 4 and said  I think somethings wrong with Abby.   Abby didn t make it.Here s the video:The Steadmans don t know for sure that the same people who targeted their signs also targeted their SUV and killed their dog, but it s a pretty logical leap. They also don t know for sure that these people are Trump supporters, but that is also a pretty logical leap.Trump rallies are turning into a page out of Lord of the Flies. At any given time, you can hear the audience, spurred on by the GOP candidate, chanting,  lock her up  and  kill her.  Trump himself hinted at Clinton s assassination when he compelled  Second Amendment people  to  do something  about Clinton. In other words, watch for violence, like that that was perpetrated against sweet Abby, to escalate before it gets better.As for the Steadmans, well, the police are dropping the ball. They aren t investigating.Featured image via video screen capture. ",0
4912," Ryan Lochte Is About To Be Rewarded For His Douchebaggery, And It’s Gonna Piss You Off","You d think we would no longer be surprised when an athlete or someone famous gets away with being in trouble, especially a white, male athlete. However, nope, this is still pretty damn awful.After Ryan Lochte s drunken douchebaggery vandalizing a gas station in Rio de Janeiro, Brazil, then subsequently lying about it, and then getting away with it, he s now likely about to join the ABC hit show Dancing with the Stars.According to US Weekly: Multiple sources tell Us Weekly that Ryan Lochte signed on for season 23 of Dancing With the Stars following his Rio robbery scandal, in which he said he overexaggerated  his story about being robbed at gunpoint. Apparently, an  insider  has said: Doing DWTS will be great for Ryan s image! He will be able to show America that he s a good guy who made a mistake. He s still an Olympic champion! He will be great on the show. A good guy who made a mistake.  Ha!It must be nice to be able to get away with that sort of behavior and then given the opportunity to make money with a reality television celebrity dance competition show.The cast for the upcoming season hasn t been announced but according to US,  reps for the show never comment on casting rumors, but this season will likely include a few Olympic athletes. And unfortunately, a scandal always intrigues the masses and people would likely tune in to see a douchebag act like a fool on the dance floor. Who cares about principles, really?Lochte did apologize, saying: I want to apologize for my behavior last weekend   for not being more careful and candid in how I described the events of that early morning and for my role in taking the focus away from the many athletes fulfilling their dreams of participating in the Olympics. So, basically, he s sorry he got caught. He also did a sorry, not sorry, because he added: It s traumatic to be out late with your friends in a foreign country   with a language barrier   and have a stranger point a gun at you and demand money to let you leave You still lied about it, Lochte, and you re a 32-year-old man   grow up.We, as a society, really need to stop rewarding those who do bad things. It perpetuates the dialogue, the very true dialogue, that some are above the law and not worth of condemnation, and in some cases, punishment.Hopefully, it s just a rumor that Lochte with appear on the ABC hit show, but if not, maybe they ll come to their senses and choose someone else who children can look up to.Featured Photo by Matt Hazlett/Getty Images",0
4913, Trump’s Shady Medical Note Was Written By A ‘Doctor’ With False Credentials (VIDEO),"The GOP has been having a field day spreading false rumors about Hillary Clinton s health, and it looks like karma has finally arrived. On Tuesday morning, CNN medical correspondent Sanjay Gupta called out Donald Trump s personal  doctor  after noticing a questionable note about the  extraordinary  health of the Republican nominee.Trump s doctor, Dr. Harold Bornstein, had previously said that Trump would  be the healthiest individual ever elected to the presidency    but Gupta was here to dispel that statement. Delving into Bornstein s sketchy history, Gupta told host Chris Cuomo: He s been a doctor with Trump for 36 years, between him and his father. He says he s a fellow of the American College of Gastroenterology, so a GI doc. Interestingly, we called that particular organization (and) they said he was a member   but he hasn t been a member there in over 20 years, since  95 now. Suddenly, Trump s medical records and his physician seem just as untrustworthy as his campaign   and yet no one should be surprised because Trump s campaign has been entirely comprised of lies and scams.The letter Gupta is referring to is a note which Trump released instead of real medical records (not sketchy at all, right?).BornsteinIn examining the letter closely, Gupta said his instincts were set off by the fact that the  doctor  had used the word  positive  as a synonym for normal and several other terms in the letter didn t seem right. To top it all off, Gupta discovered that the younger Bornstein wasn t telling the truth about his credentials, either: In fact, the hospital, Lenox Hill Hospital, says he s part of the section of gastroenterology   he s not actually a member of that section. He does have admitting privileges at the hospital but he s not (part of that section). So there are some things in the letter with regard to his qualifications that are a little bit questionable. Really, it was more, sort of, the language of this letter that I thought was quite surprising. It wasn t written the way that many typical medical letters are written. You can watch the segment where Gupta exposes Trump s con artist doctor below:.@drsanjaygupta digs into Donald Trump s health report: The doctor s  qualifications are a little bit questionable  https://t.co/BoR8Fmitnz  New Day (@NewDay) August 24, 2016Featured image via Facebook",0
4914, Desperate Lindsey Graham Calls Clinton Foundation Controversy A “Gift From The Political Gods” (VIDEO),"Senator Lindsey Graham has had an on-again, off-again relationship with Donald Trump, having first condemned and opposed the Republican nominee, then endorsed, un-endorsed, tried to get his other GOP buddies to also stop supporting him, and now he seems to be back on the Trump bandwagon in hopes that by getting The Donald elected, Republicans can keep the Senate.That s why Graham is particularly thrilled about a recent report on the Clinton Foundation that outlines that  more than half of the private individuals who met with Hillary Clinton during her tenure as Secretary of State were also donors to the Clinton Foundation in some capacity  and that Clinton had given those donors favorable treatment.In an interview with Fox News on Wednesday, Graham celebrated this  gift from the political gods , claiming that this might actually help Trump  close the gap  with the Democratic nominee   but only if Trump plays his cards right (and we all know what the slim chances of that happening are). Graham said: If Mr. Trump can up his game   and he is, he s doing much better. If he can control   if he can close the gap I think the chance of keeping the Senate goes up. Graham also criticized the Clinton report, saying that it reeks of wrong, it reeks of insider benefits, the inside versus the outside, and Trump represents the outside and he s in a pretty good spot.  Obviously, Graham isn t considering that Trump s own business and charity record is filled with unethical, fraudulent activity.This interview gets somewhat comical when Graham said, with a straight face, that if only Trump could harness his  temperament , demonstrate  judgment  and show that he was  qualified  to be the next President of the United States, he might be able to make the Republican Party proud. Unfortunately, we all know that Trump is just going to disappoint Graham and break his heart   again.You can watch the interview below:Featured image via Darren McCollester / Getty Images",0
4915, WATCH: Video Proof Trump Just Absolutely Lied About His Crowd Size While Speaking,"During Donald Trump s most recent rally in Tampa, Florida, he went on and one about the size of his dick crowd. As if that is representative of poll numbers, which ironically show him losing nationwide.Because the cameras shooting the event didn t show the entire crowd size, Trump thought it wise to say that the room was packed to the corners and beats any crowd his opponent Hillary Clinton gets.What Trump didn t think to realize would be that reporters, like the Washington Post s Ed O Keefe, would quickly prove Trump to be a pants on fire liar McLiarface.Watch O Keefe s video here:VIDEO (again): Trump state fair hall not packed full as he falsely claims. pic.twitter.com/RqnKoPJzHz  Ed O'Keefe (@edatpost) August 24, 2016Not only is Trump lying, he s doing a horrific job of it. It s as if he doesn t think any of the press would quickly scan the room to notice that the room not only isn t packed but is barely filled at all.It s amazing that Trump will tout lie after lie after lie and his supporters eat it up with a spoon. All the while believing that it s Hillary Clinton who is the actual liar. Even though she was found to be the most fundamentally honest candidate out of anyone who ran on either side.You can, quite literally, listen to Trump and everything out of his mouth speaking against Hillary is what someone has said about him. It s classic projecting and it s not even hidden well. It s actually quite sad that so many are still falling for it. However, those people vote and we need to make sure to get out the vote ourselves and make sure Trump doesn t get anywhere near the Oval Office.Featured image via video screen capture",0
4916, Catholic Insurance Company Refused To Allow Woman With IUD To Be Treated,"It s not even a slight exaggeration to say that when the Supreme Court decided that right-wing religious bigotry can take precedence above pretty much everything else, including common sense, they were setting some people up to die.28-year-old Melanie Jones, who lives near Chicago, didn t die, but only because she was lucky. She made the mistake of visiting her doctor, one her healthcare plan wanted her to visit, when she began bleeding heavily because her IUD became dislodged. Her doctor refused to remove her IUD, even though something more dire could still happen, because the doctor was Catholic. I think my first feeling was shock,  Jones told Rewire in an interview.  I thought that eventually they were going to recognize that my health was the top priority. It wasn t just her doctor. According to Jones and two complaints filed by the ACLU, the entire hospital couldn t help Jones out because it was a Catholic hospital. In fact, no one in her entire insurance network could help her. She had no idea that she had signed up with a Catholic healthcare network (Blue Cross Blue Shield).The doctor left Jones to confer with colleagues, before returning to confirm that her  hands [were] tied,  according to two complaints filed by the ACLU of Illinois. Not only could she not help her, the doctor said, but no one in Jones  health insurance network could remove the IUD, because all of them followed similar restrictions. Mercy, like many Catholic providers, follows directives issued by the U.S. Conference of Catholic Bishops that restrict access to an array of services, including abortion care, tubal ligations, and contraception.The only way Jones had left to get her IUD removed and to stop the bleeding was to spend $1,000 out of pocket in the emergency room. She did successfully contact the ACLU, who intervened on her behalf with the insurance company. They finally, five days after her initial appointment, found a doctor who would remove the IUD.Now, we all know that current Catholic doctrine, at least how it s currently interpreted, is that birth control is strictly out of the question, but what about removing birth control? That, apparently, is a gray area. Her doctor maybe could have removed the IUD without violating policy, but she apparently didn t want to risk it.Now, to be fair, IUD expulsions are rarely dangerous, but they can perforate organs. There are plenty of situations, though, when saving a life could violate religious law (Christian Scientists don t believe in blood transfusions, any religious person can claim they can t treat an LGBT person, or sometimes even an LGBT couple s children).Featured image via Flickr",0
4917," Trump Caught Illegally Buying $55,000 Worth Of His Own Book… With Campaign Donations","Donald Trump has been caught buying $55,000 worth of his own books and he paid this hefty bill with money from campaign donations, which is flat out illegal if he gets any royalties from the sales.As reported by The Daily Beast: On May 10, the Trump campaign paid Barnes & Noble $55,055, according to a filing with the Federal Election Commission. That amounts to more than 3,500 copies of the hardcover version of Crippled America: How to Make America Great Again, or just over 5,000 copies of the renamed paperback release, Great Again: How to Fix Our Crippled America. According to a spokesperson for Trump, these books were purchased for gift bags given to delegates at the Republican National Convention. Indeed, delegates did each receive a copy of Crippled America along with miscellaneous Make America Great Again gear and a plastic fetus, all neatly stuffed into tote bags bearing the same trademark slogan.But here is where the problem lies, under Federal Elections Committee rules, Trump cannot legally be paid royalties on the books bought by the campaign. Paul Ryan (not the one you are thinking of), from the nonpartisan nonprofit Campaign Legal Center, explains: It s fine for a candidate s book to be purchased by his committee, but it s impermissible to receive royalties from the publisher,  Ryan said.  That amounts to an illegal conversion of campaign funds to personal use. There s a well established precedent from the FEC that funds from the campaign account can t end up in your own pocket. Neither the Trump campaign nor the book s publisher, Simon & Schuster, has been willing to comment. Regardless, federal campaign law clearly states that campaign spending cannot  result in the conversion of campaign funds to the personal use of the candidate or any other person. It may be the case for a candidate to instead donate those royalties to charity that might be a permissible arrangement,  said the CLC s Ryan.  But the bottom line is, no money of this $55,000 from the book can end up in Donald Trump s pocket without violating federal law. It isn t exactly unusual for celebrities or politicians to buy copies of their own books, or to give them away. However, Ben Bruton, who has spent the past 25 years working in publishing public relations, the circumstances surrounding Trump s purchase is suspicious. What any author that I know would most likely do is go to the publisher and say,  I want a bunch of these in the goody bag.  [The author would] come to the publisher and say he needed books for a charity or an event, and we would donate 500 all the time. And we ll sell more to you at a 40 percent discount,  said Bruton. The red flag, I think, would be that they re trying to get back on The[New York] Times Best Sellers list, or they re trying to buy them at retail for royalties. If Trump s books were bought at a brick and mortar store like Barnes and Noble, then they will count towards best-seller lists. I ve worked at four different of the major six publishing houses and a lot of times people want to buy a bunch of books to get on the list. You can t do it from Amazon. You can t buy them from the publisher,  said Bruton.  Only buying from place likes Barnes & Noble at full price is looked at as sales. Bruton added that at least the Times list is aware of the possibility of authors buying their way to the top with bulk sales and has penalties in place to prevent this. That s how the Times keeps that sort of in check, so you can t just buy your way onto the Best Sellers list,  he said. However, I do believe that was definitely an attempt to both make money and to get onto the best-seller list,  Bruton added.Featured image via Spencer Platt/Getty Images",0
4918, Children’s Home Rejects Atheist’s Cash Donation Because He’s Not A Christian,"A children s home in Oklahoma literally refused to take a donation from a man because he isn t a Christian.The Murrow Indian Children s Home claims to care about helping orphaned children but when Matt Wilbourn tried to make a $100 donation on behalf of the Muskogee Atheist Community an employee called him and rejected his donation. I filed out the paperwork and I put my wife and I s name on the paperwork,  Wilbourn recounted.  At the bottom, it asks if there is any person or organization you want to put it in memory of and I put the Muskogee Atheist Community. She called my desk phone at work and told me that they would not be accepting our donation because it would go against everything they believe in,  he continued.Founded in 1865 by Reverend J.S. Murrow to take in and care for orphaned Native American children, the home was taken over by the American Baptist Mission Home Societies and moved to Bacone College in Muskogee, where it houses dozens of children in need of a home.In 2014, it was reported that the Murrow Children s Home was in desperate need of supplies including  laundry detergent, 13-gallon garbage bags, sandwich bags, one-gallon and quart freezer bags, serving tongs, snacks, toothpaste, band aides, dishwashing soap, napkins, Comet cleaner, Pine Sol, Lysol, bleach, furniture polish and storage bags. So if any organization needs donations, it s the Murrow Children s Home. And that s what makes their rejection of Wilbourn s donation so outrageous.He donated $100, which would go a long way toward purchasing many of the items on that list.But his donation was rejected simply because he isn t a Christian, which makes one wonder just exactly what the Murrow Children s Home employees are teaching the kids in their care.Undeterred, Wilbourn came up with an idea. In fact, it s a fantastic idea.He decided to start a GoFundMe with the support of the Muskogee Atheist Community to raise more money for the Children s Home to see exactly how much money it will take for them to ignore his non-belief and accept the donation.But it appears the Murrow Home cares more about religion than they do about making sure the children have everything they need. I emailed the director of the Murrow Home and told her that I m raising the amount to $250,  Wilbourn said.  No reply from her. So far, the GoFundMe has raised a whopping $5,612 and the Murrow Home still won t accept because Wilbourn and his group are atheists. It s taken food off their plate, clothes off their back and shelter over their heads,  Wilbourn said.It s truly sad that an organization would reject perfectly good donations just because the person doing the giving is not a Christian. That amounts to stealing from children. The Murrow Home is a non-profit so clearly they are only able to care for children solely out of the kindness of people who open their wallets and donate money. The Bible says  judge not lest ye be judged  and there s this part called the  Golden Rule  that commands us to treat people the way we want to be treated. Thus far, the  Christians  at the Murrow Home have failed to adhere to both. They judged Wilbourn to be a bad person because he s an atheist and even when he treated them with kindness and generosity the Murrow Home continued to do the opposite to him.Frankly, it sounds like these kids need new caretakers because the Murrow Home is clearly failing them and their best interests.To contact the Murrow Home, visit their Facebook page.To contribute to the GoFundMe, click here. Because even if the Murrow Home rejects the amount raised, it will still go toward a great cause called Camp Quest, which is a non-religious summer camp for kids.Murrow Home ought to be ashamed of themselves for choosing bigotry and hate over the well-being of the kids they claim to care about.Featured Image: Facebook",0
4919, WATCH: Delusional Trump Campaign Manager Makes Craziest Claim Yet To Deny Trump Is Losing,"This is the craziest explanation of why Donald Trump is getting his ass handed to him in the polls and you have to hear it for yourself.The Republican nominee s newst campaign manager Kellyanne Conway was interviewed by the UK s Channel 4, where she was grilled about Trump s poll numbers and whether he can really win.Once again, Trump s minion dismissed the polls as being  cherry-picked  by the media because they supposedly want to destroy him.Conway claimed that online polls are more accurate because they allegedly show Trump in the lead and she argued that college students are keeping their support of Trump secret so they aren t alienated on campus. Donald Trump performs consistently better in online polling where a human being is not talking to another human being about what he or she may do in the election. It s because it s become socially desirable, if you re a college educated person in the United States of America, to say that you re against Donald Trump. The problem with online polls, however, is that anyone can take them and they can be easily skewed if a bunch of people take it with the intention of making the results lean one way or the other. In short, they aren t scientific, like real polls conducted by CNN, Gallup, NBC, and Quinnipiac, all of which show Trump losing badly to Hillary Clinton.Furthermore, polls are anonymous so there is no need to hide one s support of a candidate. But polls overwhelmingly show that Trump is getting trounced by Hillary among young voters, so it s pretty clear why Conway would make any excuse to explain the wide gap there.Conway then claimed that Trump will win the election in November because most of his voters are supposedly  undercover. Yeah, you read that right. She literally said Trump has  undercover voters  that are in hiding until they can rush to the voting booth and cast their votes. The hidden Trump vote in this country is a very significant proposition,  she said.When asked if she has numbers to back up her claims, Conway said she does but refused to share them. I can t discuss it,  Conway said.  It s a project we re doing internally. I call it the undercover Trump voter, but it s real. Here s the video via Youtube:Someone get this woman a straight jacket and a rubber room, because this claim is as delusional as the claim that the government will send black helicopters to whisk critics away in the middle of the night or that the government is going to take way all of our guns.Seriously, this a crock of bullshit. The idea that voters are  undercover  is totally ridiculous. Donald Trump s campaign is imploding and the best his new campaign manager can do is cite the vote of imaginary voters as proof that Trump will win? It s pathetic and it sounds like Trump needs yet another new campaign manager.Featured image via screenshot",0
4920, WATCH: Stephen Colbert HUMILIATES Rudy Giuliani With A Diagnosis Of His Own,"Rudy Giuliani s health insurance won t cover this burn.The former New York City mayor who now forgets about 9/11 has been repeatedly peddling conspiracy theories about Hillary Clinton s health on behalf of Donald Trump, insisting that she is too sick to be president and the only proof he offers is to tell people to go on the Internet and do a search on Google.During The Late Show on Tuesday night, Stephen Colbert took Giuliani to the woodshed for spreading unsubstantiated bullshit. Yes, Rudy Giuliani says just diagnose Hillary on the Internet,  Colbert said.  Because if it s on the internet you know it s true. For instance, I put my symptoms into WebMD and found out I have menopause. Colbert then did exactly what Giuliani told everyone to do and found hilarious results.As it turns out, the first thing Colbert found was a video of Giuliani saying that Hillary is sick. And that led to Colbert hilariously diagnosing Giuliani. So, let me get this straight, let me explain this to you. Here s what s happening: Giuliani says she s not healthy and then look it up on the Internet. And when you look it up on the Internet it says Giuliani says she s not healthy and to look it up on the Internet. It s like it s an endless loop. It s like a snake with its tail in its mouth. Or a man with his head up his own ass. Trump and his minions have been pushing the lie about Clinton s health for weeks now. Fox News host Sean Hannity started this witch hunt when he interpreted a video of Hillary being playful and joking around as her having seizures, something which a real journalist who has real seizures called him out for in Newsweek.And then Giuliani started peddling the conspiracy theory despite the fact that it has been thoroughly debunked. Even Hillary s own doctor released a detailed statement on her overall health.Colbert opined that Giuliani and Trump know so much about Hillary s health because they are  experts on female anatomy,  which he  proved  by showing a video of Giuliani dressed in drag being motorboated by the Republican nominee. You re going to want to verify that video. Just go online and put down  Donald Trump Rudy Giuliani motorboat,  Colbert quipped.But Colbert saved the most devastating diagnosis for last, and let s just say the truth is going to hurt Trump and Giuliani below the belt. I don t know why they keep saying things like  frail  or  weak  or  low-energy.  You re just tip-toeing around the medical condition that you re really upset about. One that she has that no other president in history has ever faced. Hillary Clinton has chronic  no penis. Here s the video via YouTube.Republicans need to stop peddling their false claims about Hillary s health. They are not real doctors and claiming that every little twitch or cough somehow disqualifies her from being president is completely asinine. FDR suffered from polio and led the nation through the Great Depression and World War II and served longer than any other president in American history. Woodrow Wilson suffered a stroke while in office and served out his second term. Dwight Eisenhower had a serious heart attack in 1955 and a mild stroke in 1957 but still was re-elected in 1956 and served his second term. Ronald Reagan underwent surgery several times to remove cancer.By Trump and Giuliani s logic, none of these men should have ever been president simply because of their various health problems, and those health issues were verifiable facts, not the garbage Republicans are claiming now about Hillary Clinton s health.Featured image via screen capture",0
4921, Hillary Plans To Destroy Trump In Upcoming Speech Tying Him To ‘Disturbing’ Alt-Right,"The alt-right political movement is not something most mainstream voters know much about, but this year it is imperative that they do. This brand of conservativism is one that is disturbing on many levels, and made up of neo-Nazis, white nationalists, and other assorted racist extremists. What s more is that Steve Bannon, head of the insanely bigoted conservative website Breitbart, is now heading up Donald Trump s campaign for president. Therefore, Hillary Clinton is planning to do the people of America a favor this coming Thursday and give a speech educating the people on this fringe movement that is definitely a big player in the Trump campaign.The Clinton campaign says of the speech: This  alt-right  brand is embracing extremism and presenting a divisive and dystopian view of America which should concern all Americans, regardless of party. They go on to remind everyone that Trump s entire campaign staff is made up of people who embrace this bigoted garbage. Indeed, this is something that used to be on the fringes, in the bowels of the interwebs where only basement-dwelling imbeciles who embrace the new white supremacy even knew anything about this largely online  movement. However, Donald Trump has changed all of that, and empowered these dangerous idiots to come into the light. They see him as an inspiration. They have definitely picked up on Trump s dog whistling. After all, we all know that  Make America Great Again,  is really just code for  Make America WHITE Again.  Despite Trump s recent pathetic efforts to reach out to minority voters, we all know what he is REALLY doing   trying to make white people uncomfortable with such blatant racism believe he s just not-racist enough for them to be able to pull the lever for him this November.Thank you, Secretary Clinton, for this public service. Hopefully, people listen.Featured image via Mark Makela/Getty Images",0
4922, WATCH: Pop Legend Cher BURNS Trump in GLORIOUS Takedown: ‘He’s A F*cking Idiot’,"Cher is a legend among pop singers. She is also no fan of Donald Trump. The gorgeous pop diva has fully endorsed Democratic nominee Hillary Clinton, and is now hitting the campaign trail to make sure that Clinton defeats the racist, bigoted demagogue that the Republicans have nominated. In her latest attack, Cher appeared at a Clinton event in Provincetown, Massachusetts and issues a blistering indictment of Donald Trump. She said: I just think he s a f ing idiot. Cher was just getting started with that one, though. She went on to say that Trump s  Make America Great Again  campaign slogan is what we all know it to be: coded language to bring back the times when straight, white, Christians ruled all and women stayed in their place, saying He means we want to make America straight and white. Truer words were never spoken with regards to Trump s travesty of a presidential run, but Cher wasn t done yet. She continued: He just says like the weirdest sh-t. And also, I love this, he s like  L-G-B-T   and Q?  Like he just learned it, you know? Cher went on to invoke Fun with Dick and Jane, a throwback series from the 1970s: It s like  Racist Fun with Dick and Jane.  We re going to build walls! After that, Cher turned her sights to praising Hillary Clinton, and again warning of the dangers of Trump: I believe in her so much,  Cher said, referring to Clinton. I know that if he got into office, our world would be the worst place,  Cher said.  I don t think we could imagine how bad it could get. If breaking news ever happened and he had to go to the podium, we would just all go f k. She s right, of course. As an American who takes pride in and loves my country, I really, really hope that this scenario never comes to life.Watch the epic remarks below:Featured image via Cher Twitter",0
4923, You Really Don’t Want To Miss This Drag Queen Interviewing Trump Minions (VIDEO),"When thinking about who would be the perfect person to send to a Donald Trump campaign rally to interview supporters, there really is no one better than Drag Queen Courtney Act, previously of Rupaul s Drag Race.She left the comforts of Provincetown, MA, and went over to Fairfield, CT, to talk to Trump minions.It was there that she met all sorts of interesting folks  Islamophobes, racists, misogynists  You know, pretty much everyone you think you d find at a Trump rally.Courtney talked to quite a few people, including a man with  Trump that B*tch  t-shirts, another man with a  Made in China  Trump hat, as well as a white supremacy group, but one woman really embodied everything Trump.This lady told Courtney: It doesn t matter what your religion is, but I do believe that the Muslim is not a religion. I believe it s more of a cult and if people got together and sacrificed a human baby or sacrificed a woman at the stake, I would say that people would probably say that s not a good religion. Like Satanic cults, for instance, they re not legal in our country and therefore I don t believe Sharia law should be legal either. Besides all the factual inaccuracies and crazy within all that, it doesn t quite seem to be understandable English either. And she calls herself American.One of the best parts of the video was when some protesters at the rally recognized Courtney from her time on Rupaul s Drag Race. It was probably a nice relief for her to run into sane people in that crowd of nincompoops.All in all, this video is pretty damn hilarious, yet it s still kinda scary knowing there are people in the U.S. who think this way. However, these people vote. Which is all the more reason to make sure we all get out this November and VOTE BLUE.Watch the video here:https://www.facebook.com/junkeedotcom/videos/971933766252421/Featured image via video screen capture",0
4924, CNN Guests Get Into INSANE Fight Over Trump’s Black Outreach: ‘You’re Supporting A Bigot!’ (VIDEO),"Donald Trump has been raising a lot of eyebrows lately with his new and pathetic attempts to win over African American voters, despite the fact that he only has about 2 percent of the black vote as of right now. As usual, Trump s delivery has been nothing but problematic, because he s been giving his speeches to mostly-white crowds in mostly-white areas because he doesn t feel safe in urban neighborhoods. This sparked a conversation on CNN that erupted into a heated exchange of words between guests Charles Blow and Bruce LeVell.Don Lemon started the discussion by rolling a ridiculous clip of Trump claiming that he would be able to win 95 percent of the black vote after he serves four years in the White House. LeVell, who was representing the National Diversity Coalition for Trump, got into an argument with Blow so intense that Lemon could hardly contain it and the two men forced CNN to skip a commercial break.Many of the two guests  jabs at each other were delivered in low voices but things got extra heated when Blow, a New York Times columnist, accurately called Trump out for being a bigot and then accused LeVell for supporting bigotry. LeVell responded by trying to place blame on Democratic nominee Hillary Clinton and her campaign by saying that they had purposely portrayed Trump to look like a bigot. This was all too much for Blow to handle. He erupted and laid into LeVell: I m not part of the Clinton campaign. I m a black man in America and I know a bigot when I see a bigot and you are supporting a bigot and that makes you part of the bigotry that s Donald Trump. LeVell fired back,  I know someone who doesn t tell the truth on national TV when I see it, sir. Lemon eventually had to jump in and mediate, and was probably thankful that his guests hadn t been in the same studio for this discussion. You can watch the chaos unfold below:Featured image is a screenshot",0
4925, GOP Lobbyist Takes A COMPLETELY Unexpected Step In Order To Take Down Trump,"A GOP lobbyist who s known for his own brand of bigotry has denounced Trump in a completely unprecedented way. Instead of vowing to vote for Hillary, or, at least, saying Trump isn t fit to be president like other Republicans have, he s actually called on Attorney General Loretta Lynch to investigate Trump for corruption.Yes, he really did that. Jack Burkman, who s president of his own lobbying firm, is primarily concerned with Trump s penchant for expecting favors from people to whom he s donated campaign money. In fact, as LawNewz said, he used that exact thing to prove that our political system is broken during the first GOP debate in August of last year: I give to everybody. When they call, I give. And you know what? When I need something from them, two years later, three years later, I call them. They are there for me. He also said those words to Rolling Stone. Other instances of Trump s admissions to possible corruption are listed in Burkman s letter to Lynch, including an interview with the Wall Street Journal, and when he formally accepted the Republican nomination for president. Trump has made a habit of talking about how he knows that lawmakers will do anything for anyone who gives them money.Burkman, who wrote the letter on his lobbying firm s stationery, said: In Florida, Attorney General Pam Bondi considered joining a New York suit against the real estate mogul over the allegedly fraudulent Trump University. Ms. Bondi received a $25,000 donation to her campaign. And Florida did not join that suit against Trump University. An aide to Bondi said that she actually solicited that donation, which makes it worse.As galling as it is to side with a Republican lobbyist on anything at all, Burkman is making a good point. While nobody can make specific accusations of corruption against Trump right now, just the situation in Florida is very suspicious. It s so suspicious that Burkman isn t the only person to call for an investigation into that. Boston attorney Whitfield Larrabee has called on the IRS to investigate that, too, since the donation came from Trump s non-profit foundation.When combined with his bragging that he s repeatedly gamed the system, along with all the money he s given to other lawmakers representing districts in which he s got business interests, it paints a very grim picture indeed.It s not like we don t have an idea that Trump is corrupt. That s almost a given at this point. What s surprising is that we have a GOP lobbyist calling on a Democratic attorney general, appointed by a president that Republicans hate with the fire of a thousand suns, to investigate the man at the top of their ticket.Burkman concluded his letter with this: If Mr. Trump has never engaged in any political corruption, why would he repeatedly gloat about his gaming of the system? If he did, then he should be investigated, prosecuted and if convicted, imprisoned.The blatant effusive nature of his public statements should be considered nothing short of a challenge to the U.S. Department of Justice and whether the agency would bother to investigate whether he has, In fact, crossed the line between politics as usual and corruption. Lynch should at least take this seriously enough to look into it. There s just too much there to ignore.Featured image by Bill Pugliano/Getty Images ",0
4926, Congressional Black Caucus Condemns Trump: He’s A Racist Who Cozies Up To White Supremacists,"Democratic members of the Congressional Black Caucus (CBC) condemned Donald Trump and his unbelievably tone-deaf attempt at African-American  outreach,  slamming him as a racist who has spent his entire campaign cozying up to white supremacists.The CBC convened a conference call on Tuesday to denounce Trump, and accused his campaign of not only perpetuating stereotypes but also deliberately dog whistling to white supremacists in an effort to turn their bigotry into votes.Rep. Gregory Meeks (D-N.Y.) said that the Republican nominee is  one of the most racist, sexist and bigoted candidates  to launch a bid for the White House in modern history, and accused Trump of having a  kinship with white supremacists. He knows the audience he s trying to reach out to and it s not African-Americans,  Meeks said.  He s trying to appeal to David Duke and the racists of the world with what they think are stereotypes.   He s trying to appeal to the worst of the white supremacists and others he s been catering to in the campaign to try and help them with turnout. In the past few days, Trump has attempted to pander to minority voters but has done an exceedingly poor job of it. In an effort to garner votes from African-Americans he claimed that their communities are  war zones  and that they live in fear of being shot at any moment. Trump s big selling point was that since black Americans live in poverty, have poor education, and a lack of job opportunities they might as well vote for him. After all, it isn t like they have anything to lose, right?Trump s blatant racism and p*ss poor excuse for minority outreach aren t going over well with African-American voters or lawmakers.CBC Chairman G.K. Butterfield (D-N.C.) blasted Trump for giving speeches supposedly meant to draw black voters to crowds that are overwhelmingly white and said that the GOP nominee s so-called outreach is  a slap in the face  to the African-American community. If Donald Trump truly cared about African-Americans, he d disavow his long history of hateful and racist attacks against our community, he d apologize for having discriminated against black families   he d disavow his support for white supremacists and white supremacy,  Butterfield said.The Democrats taking part in Tuesday s call ripped Trump s past history of discriminatory housing practices during his years as a real estate investor and his habit of exploiting minority workers as a builder.They noted that his campaign has been littered with bigotry from the very beginning when he announced his candidacy by calling all Mexicans  rapists.  Since then, he has been reluctant to disavow the Ku Klux Klan and David Duke, called for all Muslims to be banned from entering the United States, accused a judge of being incapable of impartiality because of his Mexican heritage, and has refused to believe that President Obama was born in America.In response to Trump and his racist rhetoric, Democrats say they are pushing their minority voter registration efforts into overdrive and plan to set records with black and Hispanic turnout at the polls in November. To say that minority voters are eager to cast their ballots for Hillary Clinton to make sure that Trump never gets anywhere near the White House would be an understatement. Donald Trump is a voter registration machine and a citizenship-advocating engine,  said Rep. Luis Guti rrez (D-Ill.).  This is a little bit of thank you, because our community has never been so united or energized since that moment you set foot in national arena. Trump has said repeatedly that he will do great with African-Americans and Hispanics. It is hard to know what in the world ever gave him that idea, but his  outreach  isn t helping his cause and surely won t convince minority voters to turn a blind eye to the fact that he has built his entire campaign on bigotry.Featured image via Mark Wilson/Getty Images",0
4927, Right-Wing Radio Host Gets Owned By Neil deGrasse Tyson For Lying About Him,"Note to conservatives who want to pretend to be journalists: be sure that where you get your information is not a satirical site, or you ll be humiliated like this idiot.This is especially true if you decide to attack a professional scientist, because if you haven t done your research properly you can rest assured they will discover that fact when they research your claims.In this case, that s exactly what popular scientist Neil deGrasse Tyson did to right-wing radio host Neal Larson this week after the conservative mouthpiece repeated the charge that Tyson  mocked  a little girl for wanting to live on Jupiter, a planet where no human could survive.The alleged  mocking  supposedly took place in front of a crowd and on Twitter, Larson crowed in the vicious hit job on Tyson and his character in an op-ed criticizing Tyson for simply inserting math into the Olympic medal count. The scientist pointed out that while America earned more medals than Hungary, Hungary is actually beating us when we adjust to account for total population. Then the victory for medals to population ratio goes to Hungary.Larson believes this is Tyson attacking America when in reality he was only stating a mathematical fact that also happenes to be interesting.Larson went on to whine about Tyson because he constantly calls out conservatives for getting science wrong. He also attempted to assassinate Tyson s character by using the following tale as an example. I ve listened to Neil deGrasse Tyson before. And what I observe is a smart guy who consistently enjoys asserting his intellectual supremacy over others more than he actually likes educating. In one of his worse moments, Tyson mocked a 12-year-old girl who suggested she d like to live on Jupiter. He ridiculed her in the midst of a crowd, then later, several times, on Twitter. That told me everything I needed to know about Neil deGrasse Tyson.For that moment he was just a horse s astrophysicist. The only problem is that the story never actually happened, and Tyson schooled Larson for it. The  incident  with a 9yr old girl never happened,  Tyson responded.And he s right. As it turns out, the story relayed by Larson is complete satire. It looks to be a hoax,  Tyson continued.  No such tweets ever existed on November 29th, 2015, or on any other day. So you abrogated your journalistic integrity by not verifying what you read in somebody else s article, before using it as a foundational pillar in yours. In short, Larson just got lit up by Tyson and those pesky things called facts that conservatives are allergic to for some reason.Featured image via screen capture",0
4928, NBC Insults The Hell Out Of Trump With Tagline For New ‘Celebrity Apprentice’ (VIDEO),"Donald Trump s biggest claim to fame, The Apprentice and Celebrity Apprentice, were endangered last year when he revealed himself to be nothing but a horrible, childish bigot in presidential candidates  clothing. At that time, NBC fired him and began looking at who might replace him, and now they have their answer, along with a very insulting tagline.NBC tapped Arnold Schwarzenegger to replace Trump last fall, but made it official with a new promo they released over the weekend. It says, on The Apprentice s YouTube channel: Brains, brawn and business acumen   we re building a better boss.  [emphasis mine]Ouch. That can be taken several different ways   the most obvious being that they think Schwarzenegger s more rounded personality is a better fit than Trump ever was.That s insulting enough. However, NBC specifically fired Trump over his comments about Mexican immigrants last year, at the same time other companies cut ties with him for the same reason. So this could also be seen as a dig at him for what s proven to be his severe lack of even a modicum of professionalism pretty much anywhere.NBC also won t bring Trump back, even if he loses the election and comes crawling back on his hands and knees. NBC s entertainment chair, Robert Greenblatt, said earlier this month: No. He would never be back on  Celebrity Apprentice,  as long as I m here. Woe to Trump if whatever new business ventures on which he embarks after losing in November fail, just like so many of his other businesses have failed.Rumors are swirling that Trump may be using this election cycle to help launch his own television network, rather than making a serious run at the White House. However, Trump Steaks, Trump Vodka, Trump University, Trump Taj Mahal, and more, were all such dismal failures it s a wonder Trump thinks he can even pull off a new business venture. Despite possibly having help from Roger Ailes and Steve Bannon, a Trump television network might fail just as hard.Oh, Trumplestiltskin. His days of fame are numbered, and NBC is trying to make that number shrink. Watch the promo for  Celebrity Apprentice  below:Featured image via screen capture from embedded video ",0
4929, GOP Senator Says Trump Doesn’t Deserve To Win,"Another Republican senator has soured on Donald Trump. First it was Mark Kirk, then it was Susan Collins, and now it s Jeff Flake.Flake, who serves with John McCain from the quickly turning purple Arizona, has for months been holding out an endorsement of Trump, citing concerns over the tone and rhetoric of his campaign and of the candidate himself.Well now Flake has had enough, and has basically thrown up his hands in exasperation. Speaking to an Allstate town hall meeting, Flake told the insurance group: One, I don t think he can win if he continues to run this kind of campaign. And two, I don t think he should win as he continues to campaign as he is, taking the kinds of positions he s taking and the language he s using. Flake, who has publicly denounced Trump multiple times for his comments on Muslims and Mexican immigrants, warned that should Trump continue his dangerous and racist rhetoric, millions of young voters will turn against the GOP for the long haul, not just in November: Only one in five voters under age 35 plans to pull the Republican lever. If we don t change that, we consign ourselves to political oblivion in the future. And we have a candidate that is not reaching out but is instead finding new ways to offend just about every demographic we have out there. The implications will be far bigger than just losing the presidency in November. If anyone should be scared, it s Flake. Arizona is increasingly becoming competitive for Democrats, with the state s rising Hispanic and Latino population close to outnumbering its traditionally white, conservative base. Several polls have Clinton beating Trump by four points, and John McCain is currently trailing Democratic Rep. Ann Kirkpatrick in the polls for the upcoming Senate election. Not only is McCain on the verge of losing, Sheriff Joe Arpaio is also trailing in the polls to his Democratic challenger.Flake admits his vocal criticism of Trump may hurt his political future, but he has stood firm, telling reporters  there are a lot of people that appreciate somebody pushing back, too. While John McCain has sold out, Jeff Flake has decided to push back hard against bigotry, racism and fear (for now). Although not a full on condemnation and snub, a welcomed point of view nonetheless.Featured image via Drew Angerer/Getty Images",0
4930, Former Trump Campaign Manager Says It’s Too Dangerous For Trump To Be Around Black People (VIDEO),"After being fired from the Trump campaign, Trump s former campaign manager Corey Lewandowski is still spreading hate on behalf of his former boss. This time, when asked about why Trump had virtually no African-Americans at a rally where he was talking about African-Americans, Lewandowski answered that it would be too dangerous to have African-Americans in the crowd. As a campaign manager, wouldn t you want your candidate saying some of these things directly to the people he s supposedly addressing?  Anderson Cooper asked. You know what s amazing to me, is no one remembers Donald Trump went to go have a rally in Chicago at the university,  responded Lewandoski. And do you remember what happened? It was so chaotic, and it was so out of control, Secret Service and the Chicago Police Department told him you could not get in and out of that facility safely, and that rally was canceled. And you showed the footage many times of the individuals who attended that rally. Donald Trump had that rally booked,  Lewandowski said. That is a black community. He went to the heart of Chicago to go and give a speech to the University of Chicago in a campus, which is predominantly African-American, to make that argument. And you know what happened? The campus was overrun, and it was not a safe environment,  he said.Source: The HillThe rally Lewandowski was speaking of occurred in Chicago in March   or rather, it didn t occur in Chicago in March because it was shut down over protests. The largely African-American protesters objected to the violence that has been occurring at Trump rallies, but I guess it s okay if white people are violent.Here s the video:Trump, who has a zero percent approval rating with African-Americans, is trying to appear less racist. Lewandowski isn t helping, but to be fair, neither is Trump. His African-American outreach has been nothing but empty, insulting attempts at pandering. It was Trump, not Lewandowski, who appeared on Bill O Reilly to say that he d give Chicago police carte blanche to do whatever it takes to stop black crime.Perhaps Trump should focus on the crimes that are taking place right under his nose, whether that be the violence at his rallies or the alleged crimes taking place right in his offices.Featured image via video screen capture. ",0
4931, Ana Navarro Lets Trump Know EXACTLY What Latinos ‘Have To Lose’ By Voting For Him (VIDEO),"Donald Trump and his campaign know that they stand an ice cube s chance in hell at winning the presidential election unless they can sway some of the minority vote. As it stands now the campaign has next to nothing in the realm of that voting block.So, what is Trump doing to try to get some of that vote? He s pandering to African-Americans and Latinos, of course. However, he s doing a terrible job of it.He s literally asking minority voters: What do you have to lose? As though that s all the reasoning they d ever need to vote for him. As if minority voters are going to show up to the voting booth in November, look at the ballot, and say,  eh, why not Trump? What do I have to lose? Well, the answer to that is everything considering Trump is currently endorsed by white supremacists and has regularly compared Latinos to rapists and murderers.Does Trump really think that line is going to work? I mean, he can t be that dumb, right? Who knows, really. Clearly, his current supporters are.Well, not letting Trump get away with being such a pathetic pandering fool, Ana Navarro, a conservative mind you, tells Trump exactly what they have to lose.On CNN Navarro stated: I don t speak for all Hispanics. I speak for myself. Maybe the eighty plus percent of Hispanics who don t approve of him, some of them may agree with me. I think what we have to lose, is our dignity. Our sense of self-worth. I think what we have to lose is our moral compass. I think that if we allow ourselves to vote for a man who has been making textbook racist remarks, and in my book that makes him a racist, for over a year, against Hispanics. Against immigrants. You are voting against your own self-interests. I think that we would lose our political leverage. We would lose any power. If we allow somebody who has been bashing us for over a year to win the presidency. It means the Hispanic vote does not matter. So, that s my answer to Donald Trump. What do we have to lose by voting for you? Our dignity. It really doesn t get more perfect than that. Well said, Ana.Watch Navarro explain what Latinos have to lose by voting for Trump here:.@ananavarro's answer to Donald Trump: ""What we have to lose by voting for you? Our dignity."" https://t.co/rb3lOdtGTV  CNN Tonight (@CNNTonight) August 23, 2016Featured image via video screen capture",0
4932, Obama Just SCHOOLED Trump On How To Act Presidential In Louisiana (VIDEO),"Ever since Trump first seized on the flooding in Louisiana as an opportunity to pretend he s presidential, it has been abundantly clear that he has no idea what the f*ck he s doing. Though Gov. John Bel Edwards specifically asked Trump to volunteer or donate rather than show up for a photo op, The Donald has the biggest hands, the best brain, and the hugest ideas, so he popped by anyway to spend about a minute handing out Play Doh and other items to flood victims who were much in need of water, food, clothing, and other items typically needed by people who just lost everything in a natural disaster.Trump has spent a good deal of time whining that President Obama did not immediately rush off to Louisiana, but Obama was simply respecting the wishes of the Governor, who said he d  rather he give us another week or two. And then he can visit. President Obama complied, while Trump showed up anyway. After all, he was busy crafting a narrative that Barack Obama hates flood victims. Isn t that more important?Trump, facing criticism for failing to donate money to help, ultimately gave $100 million to a church run by a hate group leader.On Tuesday, after respecting the Governor s wishes and the needs of the people, President Obama toured the flood-damaged areas. To him, this wasn t a photo op. To him, this was a tragedy whose victims needed as much support as they could get. We are heartbroken by the loss of life,  Obama told reporters after surveying the devastation that left 13 dead, more than 60,000 homes damaged, and more than 106,000 residents in a position that they applied for aid through the Federal Emergency Management Agency. I think anybody who can see just the streets, much less the inside of the homes here, people s lives have been upended by this flood. White House Press Secretary Josh Earnest told CNN that $120 million in aid has already been approved. But President Obama made it clear that the effort to fix the damage is only just beginning: Sometimes once the flood waters pass, people s attention spans pass. This is not a one off. This is not a photo-op issue. This is how do you make sure that a month from now, three months from now, six months from now, people still are getting the help that they need. I need all Americans to stay focused on this. If you re watching this today, make sure that you find out how you can help. You can go to volunteers.louisiana.gov, or you can go to fema.gov, or you can go to whitehouse.gov. We ll tell you. We ll direct you how you can help. President Obama is correct. A natural disaster, especially of this scale, is not an excuse to rush there for a photo op. It s a reason for the community and the country to come together to fix things. It s a time for the President to step up and focus on the long-term response rather than looking good for the media   and it s especially not the time to pander to Donald Trump s wishes.Let s hope Trump learns something about acting  presidential  from this. Watch the video below, and be sure to take the President s advice about helping:Featured image via screengrab",0
4933, Newest WikiLeaks Data Dump Could Literally Be A Death Sentence For Some,"When WikiLeaks arrived on the scene, it seemed to many that they would be the savior of democracy. After all, they have the hacking power to keep the people whose salaries we are paying in check. Unfortunately, it s becoming more and more apparent that WikiLeaks is as self-interested as any one of their targets and they can be far more dangerous. Their latest leak will mean dire consequences and even death to some in Saudi Arabia.Julian Assange and his organization, WikiLeaks, is on a mission to destroy the candidacy of Hillary Clinton. It s suspected that his information has come from Russian hackers   nothing at all democratic there. One of the big problems with Assange, besides his trying to influence an American election, is the fact that his data dumps are indiscriminate   either that or he doesn t care who he hurts. WikiLeaks has apparently outed (or at least made the information searchable) at least one gay man, several rape victims and several people living with HIV. The one gay man we know was outed lives in Saudi Arabia, a country where being gay can call for stoning or worse. They published everything: my phone, address, name, details,  said a Saudi man who told AP he was bewildered that WikiLeaks had revealed the details of a paternity dispute with a former partner.  If the family of my wife saw this   Publishing personal stuff like that could destroy people. In Saudi Arabia, any married man who s caught having sex with a man can be stoned to death.WikiLeak s latest data dumps are about as scatological as the name indicates. There is no respect or even expectation of personal privacy when it comes to WikiLeaks. Many people are finding that their personal medical histories, their phone numbers and other personal information has been released by WikiLeaks. WikiLeaks has indiscriminately targeted sick children, abuse survivors and the mentally ill.The AP independently found three dozen records pertaining to family issues in the cables   including messages about marriages, divorces, missing children, elopements and custody battles. Many are very personal, like the marital certificates which reveal whether the bride was a virgin. Others deal with Saudis who are deeply in debt, including one man who says his wife stole his money. One divorce document details a male partner s infertility. Others identify the partners of women suffering from sexually transmitted diseases including HIV and Hepatitis C.It s bad enough that Julian Assange is attempting to put his finger on the scale of our electoral system, but when he starts outing private citizens, he should lose everyone s trust.Featured image via Carl Court/Getty Images",0
4934," Trump Contradicts Himself In Latest Whiny Tweet, And It’s Pretty Damn Hilarious (TWEET)","In case you haven t noticed, because maybe you ve been living away at sea with no contact to the rest of humanity, Donald Trump likes to tweet a lot, especially about what he loves the most   the media.Oh, he ll say he hates the media, but he s been given hundreds and hundreds of free press coverage hours and air time to spew his hatred and lies, you d think, maybe sometimes, that the media was pulling for Trump to win.However, Trump doesn t see it that way. He doesn t like it when people don t say nice things about him at all times. Of course, he can pay people to do that on his campaign team. Thus the revolving door of campaign managers. Yet, when it comes to the press, they re pretty much just going to report the words coming out of his mouth, and he really doesn t like that, because, well, he s an ass, and honest reporting highlights that fact.In yet another whiny tweet, Trump unloads on the media, but this time around his  source  for the media being unfair to him is, well, the media.He tweeted: It is being reported by virtually everyone, and is a fact, that the media pile on against me is the worst in American political history! It is being reported by virtually everyone, and is a fact, that the media pile on against me is the worst in American political history!  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) August 23, 2016So, let me get this perfectly clear: Trump is whining that the media is piling on against him, and his proof of that is   the media.Okay there, buddy. Way to fully contradict yourself. Sad!How in the hell does he think he can be president if he can t handle criticism?If only there were a tiny violin to play him a sad, sad song.Featured Photo by Justin Sullivan/Getty Images; Twitter",0
4935," Ann Coulter Admits: If Clinton Wins, Republicans Will Go Out Of Business","If there is one reason to vote for Hillary Clinton, it will be because of one thing: Republicans will become obsolete.At least that s what Ann Coulter thinks. The polemic, bigoted and hateful author, a firebrand in the conservative arena, gave us the best possible reason to choose Hillary Clinton over Donald Trump. Should Clinton win, everyone on the Republican side from talk radio hosts, to Fox News, to future candidates, will be out of the game, and Democrats will reign supreme.Clinton contends that Clinton, if elected, will grant amnesty to 30, 40 million  illegal immigrants (even though the number may be lower than 11 million), and will quadruple the number of Muslim refugees coming into the country. Should that happen,  there will be no hope for any Republican ever winning another election.  Not only that, but Coulter predicted her future if Clinton becomes president: There s no point to what I do, what talk radio hosts do, what Fox News does. Nobody goes to the game when you can t win. For once, Coulter and I agree on something. There is no point to anything she or Fox News does. So forget the Supreme Court, forget income inequality, forget our standing in the world   there is now at least one reason why all Democrats, liberals, progressives and Independents alike should come together vote for Hillary Clinton come November: To put Ann Coulter out of business.The 10-time New York Times bestselling author has already gone on the record saying she will instead write cookbooks and crime novels if Trump loses.Some liberal writers and pundits would lose material with her gone, but for the greater good, the trade off isn t shabby.Coulter has been one of Trump s biggest supporters and surrogates, even going as far as writing a new book, completely dedicated to holding up the billionaire candidate as a god-like figure, called  In Trump We Must. Released just in the last few days, it s already a bestseller.Fellow Democrats, let s make this her last bestseller and finally rid ourselves of the cancer that is Ann Coulter and others.Get out and vote, and vote for Hillary Clinton.Featured image via Gage Skidmore",0
4936, Black Voter SCHOOLS Trump And Republican Party For Their Pathetic Outreach Effort,"If the Republican Party actually took this guy s advice they wouldn t be a party on the verge of extinction.Donald Trump and the GOP are waging a pathetic effort to reach out to black voters, but a black voter who writes a column for the Charlotte Observer took the Republican Party to task on Tuesday by teaching them a lesson on how they can attract minority voters if they are really serious about getting votes beyond the old white male demographic. Hey, Republican Party. African-American voter here,  Eric Frazier began.  I hear you ve been looking for me, but you re sending out such wildly mixed messages that I m not sure if I should be flattered or furious. Hat No. 2 fits me pretty snugly right now. Here s why.Your national standard-bearer, Donald Trump, is making an explicit appeal for my vote. He came to Charlotte last week and said the Democratic Party plays black voters for suckers while black neighborhoods rot. Trump asked African-Americans what they have to lose by voting for someone new, which Frazier called a  fair question. Too bad the guy asking it ranks as the most racially inflammatory presidential candidate since arch-segregationist George Wallace,  he snapped back.  Instead of making his black-voter sales pitch by talking to us, he s doing it by talking about us to white audiences. That tells me a hell of a lot more than the words on his Teleprompter do. Someone call the burn unit because Trump just got torched.Frazier called Trump out for calling all black people poor when, in fact, 74 percent of African-Americans live above the poverty line. Frazier concedes that a 26 percent poverty rate is still too high, especially when compared to white people, but the statistics clearly show that Trump was wrong to make such a claim. Frazier opined that Trump is only making a pitch to black voters because he is trying to just give  cover to embarrassed white supporters who are sick of answering for his racial provocations. He then pointed out that Republicans in North Carolina, where Trump made his pitch, are working hard to suppress black voters by cutting Sunday voting and early voting, both of which are popular among black communities.Frazier even gave Republicans a quick lesson on how they can truly convince black voters to vote for them. But they probably aren t going to like it. Blacks vote Democrat today because Democrats fought for their votes. The party that once welcomed cross-burning Klansmen did an about-face on civil rights and earned the black vote.Are you fighting to get those votes back? Nope.The path to do so is clear, if you re interested. Embrace affirmative action   and let racist base voters walk. Pass criminal justice reform. Champion black entrepreneurship and the rebuilding of the inner cities. Reach out to churchgoing black families; their traditionalist social values mirror yours.Even viewed through the lens of small-government conservatism, this agenda is do-able.You ll lose old voters. And you ll gain new ones. Just as the Democrats did 50 years ago.In a changing America, you ll be in position to compete for real minority votes, instead of just complaining about imaginary fraudulent ones. To conclude, Frazier told Republicans to stop thinking black people are stupid and to start treating them like a serious voting block who damn well know who and what policies they are voting for. Concerned about black votes this November, GOP?  Frazier asked.  Quit whining. Stop provoking. Start competing. The question is will Republicans take this advice seriously or will they ignore it like they usually do? Because the white conservative base Republicans have been relying on for years is dying off and there are not enough young conservatives to replace them.Winning national elections no longer comes down to who wins the white vote. Donald Trump is seriously courting the old white male demographic, but his alienation of young people, blacks, Hispanics, Muslims, and women have seriously crippled his campaign. It has also crippled the Republican Party down the ticket and could have serious repercussions for the GOP for many years to come.If Republicans ever want to sit in the White House again, they are going to have to kick out the racists and get back to being the Party of Lincoln. Because right now, Lincoln is spinning in his grave due to the fact that white supremacists have taken over the party and are bragging about it.Black voters definitely do NOT want to support a political party that is infested and controlled by people who hate them. And pretending that black voters will do exactly that is insulting and is a big reason why Republicans can count on losing the black vote for decades to come if they continue to refuse to change.Featured image via Alex Wong/Getty Images",0
4937, Trump Calls On White Supporters To Intimidate Voters At The Polls,"Earlier this month, the Trump campaign posted on its website an advertisement seeking election observers to monitor locations. The move, which is unusual for private campaigns, comes from the irrational fear that should Hillary Clinton win, the election would be rigged. So Trump s solution? Have his rabid, conspiracy theory believing supporters intimidate voters in poll lines.In Pennsylvania, where polls have Clinton ahead by as much as nine points, Trump claims the only way Clinton could win is if she cheats or those in the Democratic Party  rig  the election in her favor. So his initial call was to have his supporters monitor the stations in the predominantly black and minority -voting urban areas of the state.It was very reminiscent of the 1960s Jim Crow intimidation of the South.After facing some backlash for the dangerous and archaic call to suppress and intimidate voters, Trump doubled down on his claim that the election will be rigged and that supporters should  watch  the polling locations very closely on election day:You ve got to get every one of your friends. You ve got to get every one of your family. You ve got to get everybody to go out and watch. And go out and vote. And when I say watch, you know what I m talking about, right? You know what I m taking about. I think you got to go out and you got to watch.The question is just what should his people be watching for? Should they be watching and  observing  people of color? Should they be monitoring young, college-aged millenials? Should they be asking voters their personal information so they can play Sherlock Holmes?Once again, Trump sounds his dog whistle. When he tells his predominantly white audience,  you know what I m talking about,  the innuendo could not be more clear: watch, intimidate and disenfranchise minority voters.Of course, Republicans, who have been pushing the now widely debunked myth of rampant voter fraud, will be mum on this. In justification, they will point to the said myth that is rampant voter fraud as why they support this dangerous, racist and damaging call to action.Trump s call to intimidate voters should be a warning to all Americans: don t get complacent. Get out, vote, and take this monstrosity down.Featured image via Angelo Meredino/Getty Images",0
4938," WATCH: Hillary CRUSHES Trump On Kimmel, Will Draw On Elementary School Experience To Debate Him","Hillary Clinton appeared on Jimmy Kimmel Live on Monday night and absolutely killed it.Jimmy Kimmel has spent a lot of time on his show mocking Donald Trump, so it was only natural for him to talk to the Democratic nominee about him.The first segment of the interview was dedicated entirely to discussing the imploding Republican nominee.Right after Hillary sat down Kimmel remarked that the crowd was cheering quite enthusiastically for the  co-founder of ISIS,  which drew laughter from the former Secretary of State, who replied that the claim was one of the crazier things that Trump has said during his campaign.And with all the ridiculous things Trump has said on the campaign trail, Kimmel asked if she gets upset. I don t get upset anymore,  Clinton said,  because I d be upset all the time. Hillary pointed out that Trump s rhetoric is music to the terrorists  ears because they would love to influence our elections in any way they can. It also gives them advertising material to use to draw new recruits.Considering Trump s unpredictability and insanity throughout his run for the presidency, Kimmel wondered how Hillary is preparing to debate him, which drew a very interesting and hilarious response. I watched a lot of his debates during the primaries and he insulted all of his opponents, he insulted all the moderators, he insulted, I guess about 80 percent of the American people and the rest of the world  You gotta be prepared for all the wacky stuff that comes at you. I am drawing on my experience in elementary school. Kimmel also asked Hillary about her health and the claims of Trump and his team that she is unfit to serve because she is not well. Hillary compared Trump s attack to a tabloid story, remarking that the National Enquirer once said she would be dead in six months, but that was a long time ago and she s still full of life. I don t know why they are saying this,  Clinton said.  I think on the one hand, it s part of the wacky strategy. Just say all these crazy things and maybe you can get some people to believe you. On the other hand, it just absolutely makes no sense. I don t go around questioning Donald Trump s health. Kimmel then challenged her to open a pickle jar to prove her fitness, and she opened it.Hillary then admitted that she had hoped to be running against someone more serious and qualified to do the job of President of the United States. I would prefer to be running against somebody who I thought was qualified to be president and temperamentally fit to be commander-in-chief I don t think we ve ever been confronted with somebody who we see right now in the midst of this election is unqualified and temperamentally unfit. Hillary went on to name three Republicans who have endorsed her and praised their decision to put country first.And at the end of the interview, she read some mean quotes uttered by Donald Trump. But she refused to read the one of Trump saying he would date his own daughter.This was an excellent interview for Hillary Clinton. She dispelled the rampant falsehoods being pushed by Trump and his minions while at the same time showing the American people that she is a positive person who is qualified for the office she seeks. Now it s just a matter of waiting for the thin-skinned Trump to throw a hissy fit about on Twitter.Featured image via Screenshot",0
4939, Fox News Is Collapsing Like A House Of Cards As Andrea Tantaros Names Bill O’Reilly In Lawsuit,"The women of Fox News are sick and tired of putting up with the sexist bullshit of their male colleagues and bosses.After Gretchen Carlson filed a sexual harassment lawsuit against Roger Ailes it became clear that sexism and misogyny ran deeper within the company than anyone realized. As it turns out, it went way beyond on-air comments made by male anchors like Bill O Reilly.Once Megyn Kelly backed Carlson up, Ailes was up a creek without a paddle and was soon ousted from his position. The scandal rocked the conservative network as former female reporters came forward to tell their own stories of non-stop harassment that turned the workplace into a personal hell.And now Carlson is not the only one filing a lawsuit. Andrea Tantaros has as well.Tantaros filed a lawsuit in New York State Supreme Court on Monday hammering the network for punishing her when she went to the top brass to complain about Ailes sexually harassing her. Fox News masquerades as a defender of traditional family values, but behind the scenes, it operates like a sex-fueled, Playboy Mansion-like cult, steeped in intimidation, indecency and misogyny,  her lawsuit says according to the New York Times. As it turns out, Tantaros also named Bill O Reilly in the lawsuit for making unwanted advances toward her.Fox executives attempted to pay Tantaros off if she renounced her claims but she told them to go f*ck themselves.The lawsuit details how Roger Ailes treated her, including being barred from wearing pants on set because Ailes wanted to see her legs and he often asked her to turn around in his office so her could ogle her. She refused and was punished as a result by being yanked off  The Five  and placed on  Outnumbered,  which is a lower rated show.Tantaros attempted to seek help within the company from Bill Shine, who was recently named co-president of the network after Ailes departed but he told her to  let this one go  because Ailes is too powerful. Ailes did not act alone,  the lawsuit continues.  He may have been the primary culprit, but his actions were condoned by his most senior lieutenants, who engaged in a concerted effort to silence Tantaros by threats, humiliation and retaliation. In short, Bill O Reilly and Bill Shine have been named alongside Ailes. And even Steve Doocy was named in Carlson s lawsuit. These are some huge names at Fox News, which means the network that preached family values while spitting on women for years in front of the camera are now getting outed for being pricks toward their own female colleagues behind the camera as well.One has to wonder how many more women will come forward and how long Fox News can survive if more of their big stars fall in utter disgrace.While I disagree with Tantaros politically, no woman should have to deal with discrimination and sexual harassment in the workplace. But it sounds like the men of Fox News treated their workplace like a frat house and treated women like objects meant to be demeaned and disrespected.Fox News is starting to fall apart like a house of cards, but let s be honest, it was only a matter of time.Featured image via Dangerous Minds",0
4940, SCAMPAIGN: Here’s How GOP Donors Are Making Trump Rich (But They Don’t Know That),"Donald Trump is making a lot of money thanks to the donors giving money to his presidential campaign, and it s all legal. Even though Trump s actual wealth is still a secret thanks to his refusal to release his tax returns, he is required by law to submit annual spending reports on the behalf of his campaign to the Federal Elections Commission.The latest filing from the Trump campaign shows a new way that Trump has found to make money, and it comes directly from those who believe he should be president and are giving them his money.Trump nearly quintupled the monthly rent his presidential campaign pays for its headquarters at Trump Tower to $169,758 in July, when he was raising funds from donors, compared with March, when he was self-funding his campaign, according to a Huffington Post review of Federal Election Commission filings. The rent jumped even though he was paying fewer staff in July than he did in March.The Trump campaign paid Trump Tower Commercial LLC $35,458 in March   the same amount it had been paying since last summer   and had 197 paid employees and consultants. In July, it paid 172 employees and consultants.The filing is the latest piece in the ongoing mystery that has bedeviled campaign observers. Trump is bringing in millions of dollars, but so far has barely spent any money on advertising or basic campaign infrastructure like field offices in key swing states. Instead, as this filing shows, Trump has funneled a lot of the campaign dollars right into his own pockets by using Trump businesses as vendors to the campaign.What ends up happening is that the array of Trump businesses ends up sucking up all the money that donors think is going to a political campaign.Like his other businesses that went belly-up   Trump Steaks, Trump Water, Trump University, the Trump Taj Mahal and various other real estate projects   Trump profits while the investors (and now donors) are hung out to dry.Featured image via Flickr",0
4941, Founder Of Bush Institute Endorses Hillary Clinton – Even He’s With Her Now,"Former President George W. Bush s Undersecretary of State for Public Diplomacy joined the ranks of an ever-growing list of Republicans who find themselves backing the Democratic nominee when he announced on Monday that he is endorsing Hillary Clinton for president.Speaking with MSNBC on Monday night, James Glassman, who also happens to be the founding director of the George W. Bush Institute at the former president s library in Dallas, officially announced he was backing Clinton and hailed her as by far the superior candidate. She has the experience. She s got the character. She has the values,  Glassman said.  She is the kind of candidate I support and that, as I say, millions of republicans are supporting. Glassman may be the highest ranking Republican to decide that he would have to be batshit crazy to support Donald Trump, but he is far from alone. He joins a growing number of other Bush administration officials who have endorsed Clinton and denounced Trump s bid for the presidency. Former Deputy Secretary of State Richard Armitage, former aide to President Bush Lezlee Westine, and former Bush State Dept. and NSC official Kori Schake have all said that they are backing Clinton over Trump.Sally Bradshaw, who managed two campaigns for Jeb Bush when he was running for governor, has said that because she lives in a swing state, she will cast her vote for Clinton if the race in Florida is close in November. Other former Bush officials, including former CIA and NSA director Michael Hayden, have strongly criticized the GOP nominee but have stopped just short of officially announcing their support for Clinton over Trump.Republican Rep. Richard Hanna, who decided a while ago that he would retire when his term is up, is currently the only elected Republican to officially declare that he is endorsing Clinton. However, there are many prominent conservative lawmakers on Capitol Hill who have said that they refuse to vote for Trump even though they have not officially come out in support of Clinton.Featured image via YouTube",0
4942, Watch John Oliver Speak Directly To Donald Trump To Ask A VERY Important Question (VIDEO),"If there s anyone who is absolutely tired of Donald Trump s shenanigans running for office, it s Last Week Tonight host John Oliver.On Sunday s show he had a simple request of Trump: Drop out. Simply drop out and tell America this entire candidacy was a stunt. A satire designed to expose the flaws in the system. He also added: You re either going to win, or you re going to lose, and I think both those scenarios end pretty badly for you. Oliver then went on to explain that if Trump were to win that he would absolutely unqualified and his candidacy is very reminiscent of a fiction book that is about a class clown who ran for president as a joke.Speaking directly to Trump, he also says: Although your campaign was the political equivalent of a bigoted clown s blazing funeral pyre, you have accidentally made upwards of four good points during this campaign. Adding: If you dropped out in order to teach America a lesson, you would not be a loser, you would be a legend. It would actually be something quite extraordinary if Trump were to just drop out, because it would absolutely expose how flawed not only our system is, but also how flawed many of the citizens are living within it.Oliver wants Trump to admit that it s all been a joke, and to come on his show, but under one condition, he must read the speech from the book  The Kid Who Ran For President. That speech reads: I have a question for the grown-ups of America  Are you out of your minds? Are you expecting me to enforce the Constitution? I never even read it. I was absent from school that day. You want me as Commander-in-Chief of the Armed Forces? What if somebody attacks the United States? Would you really want me in charge? America must be in really bad shape if you elected me president. You better get it together and find some qualified people to run this country or we ll all be in big trouble. It s a speech that one could quite literally imagine Trump saying.Now it s up to Trump to own up to pulling a fast one over on the United States and appear on Oliver s show, OR continue on being the schmuck that he may truly be. It s really up to him.Watch the segment here:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nDqDKfBvirQFeatured image via video screen capture",0
4943, Trump’s Campaign Manager Got Asked About His Tax Returns And It Was A DISASTER (VIDEO),"Donald Trump s new campaign manager is just a few days into her role, but already Kellyanne Conway is having difficulty defending her presidential candidate   and is basically showing us that she is just as much of a flip-flopper as Trump.Trump s refusal to release his tax returns has become a massive talking point against him at this point of the election, with people from both parties asking him to be transparent. On Sunday night, Conway went on CNN to tell Americans that Trump would be releasing his tax returns after they were done being audited. But just seconds later, Conway seemed to contradict that statement and say that the campaign had no plans to release tax returns that were not being audited.CNN host Dana Bash had cornered Conway at the beginning of the interview, calling her out by stating that before she became Trump s campaign manager, she had been an advocate for releasing the tax returns. According to Conway, however, this all changed when she accepted her new role. Conway said: So, now that I am on the inside, I know something I didn t know then, which is, he is under audit and what that means. And he has said very clearly   and I back him up completely   that when the audit is completed, he will release the tax returns. Bash reminded Conway that not all of Trump s tax returns were being audited by the IRS   some were finished. Bash asked, You mentioned the audit. According to his lawyers, the years 2002 to 2008 are no longer under audit. So, would you release those tax returns? Conway backtracked and said,  No, I would not,  and then rushed to change topics and blame Obama for something   just like her boss. She said: And this entire tax return debate is somewhat confounding to me, in the following sense. I don t think that it creates one job, gets one more individual who does not have health insurance covered by health insurance, particularly under the disaster that has been Obamacare with these private insurers pulling out our exchanges now and reporting billions of dollars of losses. What I think happened   I think people are most concerned about is, how would a President Trump or how would a President Hillary affect their tax bill? Everyday life is becoming increasingly unaffordable for Americans, and they deserve the kind of relief that he laid very strongly out in his speech. Ironically, Conway then talked about transparency: If we want transparency, if we want specifics, the most relevant thing that people can look at is, what is his plan for their tax bill to make everyday affordability, job security and rebuilding the American economy. You can watch Conway crash and burn below, following in her boss  footsteps:Featured image is a screenshot",0
4944, Florida Republican Has An INSANE Meltdown After Being Called Out In Interview: ‘Go F*** Yourself!’ (VIDEO),"Dan Bongino, a former Secret Service agent, is trying to run for Congress again, but he might have a hard time if word of his insane temper gets out.Bongino had lost a Maryland Senate election four years ago and a congressional election in the same state two years after that, but Bongino refused to give up. This time, the GOPer is trying to get elected in Florida s 19th district   which he doesn t even live in. In fact, Bongino s residence is actually on the opposite side of Florida. This strange strategy came into question in an interview with Politico reporter Marc Caputo, and quickly went downhill as Caputo tried to ask the innocent question of just why Bongino would be running for Congress in a district that is nowhere near his home. Bongino did what basically any Republican does when they re exposed and called out   he had an epic, profanity-laced meltdown.Caputo inquired, So why are you running for office in a city you don t live in, in a county you don t live in, in a district you don t live in? Bongino tried to dance around the question, but Caputo eventually got Bongino to confess that he wasn t a registered voter in the district. So Caputo did what any reporter is supposed to do   call him out: So let s see: You move down to Florida after losing two campaigns in Maryland; you say you re going to stay in Maryland and fight; you tuck tail and run away to Florida; you go look to run in District 18, you see you re not going to be able to win there; you try to run in District 19, you re losing there. You re like a professional political candidate who loses. For Bongino, the truth was just too much. The GOP candidate lost all self-control and unleashed a temper tantrum that might have made Donald Trump a little bit jealous. Some of it went like this: You re a disgusting real piece of sh*t. Go f*ck yourself, you piece of sh*t! You don t know why I moved to Florida, motherf*cker! You shut your mouth, you f*cking coward! The interview ended with Bongino hanging up on Caputo, who was stunned but amused. You can listen to the interview below, with Bongino s meldown beginning at around 14:50:Featured image via screen capture",0
4945, JUST IN: Trump Wants To Bring Reality Television To The White House (AUDIO),"It would appear Donald Trump not only wants to become President of the United States, but he wants to make a lot of money off of it as well, because of course he does.While speaking on the podcast  The Takeaway, Vanity Fair contributing editor Sarah Ellison revealed that Trump refers to the electorate as an  audience.  In fact, Ellison has been talking about this since June when it s been shown that Trump doesn t so much want to win the White House, but build a media empire, and grow an audience from his popularity in the election.According to Ellison s piece in Vanity Fair: Trump is indeed considering creating his own media business, built on the audience that has supported him thus far in his bid to become the next president of the United States. According to several people briefed on the discussions, the presumptive Republican nominee is examining the opportunity presented by the  audience  currently supporting him. Trump basically wants to create his own right-wing media empire. Ellison added: He has also discussed the possibility of launching a  mini-media conglomerate  outside of his existing TV-production business, Trump Productions LLC. He has, according to one of these people, enlisted the consultation of his daughter Ivanka Trump and son-in-law, Jared Kushner, who owns the The New York Observer. Trump s rationale, according to this person, is that, win or lose, we are onto something here. We ve triggered a base of the population that hasn t had a voice in a long time.  For his part, Kushner was heard at a New York dinner party saying that  the people here don t understand what I m seeing. You go to these arenas and people go crazy for him.' And now, according to The Hill, Trump has been in talks with an NBC executive to continue on with The Apprentice from the White House if he were to win. [NBCUniversal Chief Executive Steve Burke and Trump] outlined, presumably fantastically, that Trump should run for president; and on the off chance that he won, he would continue to star in  The Apprentice  from within the White House,  Ellison wrote about a 2011 conversation between the two. I don t know about you, but the only job the President of the United States should be worried about is being the President of the United States. Add this to the reasons to make sure he doesn t win this November.Here s audio revealing Trump s intentions:Featured Photo by Sara D. Davis/Getty Images",0
4946, Melania Trump BUSTED Committing Perjury – Lied About Having College Degree While Under Oath,"Melania Trump has proved over the past year that she is just as dishonest as her husband. Now it appears that she committed perjury by lying under oath about her nonexistent college degree.Shortly after she was busted plagiarizing her speech at the Republican National Convention, stealing an entire paragraph from Michelle Obama, it came to light that she was also full of sh*t when she claimed that she had graduated from the University of Ljubljana in Slovenia with a degree in architecture. In truth, Melania dropped out after her freshman year when she moved to the United States to pursue her modeling career, possibly under a visa that was less than legal. When the blatant lie surfaced, her website promptly pulled her bio.But now, it looks like she didn t just lie to the general public about having a degree, she also lied in court while testifying under oath, which happens to make her guilty of committing perjury.According to a report by Racked.com, the case involved her caviar skincare line, which never made it off the ground. The line was promoted on Good Morning America, her husband s show The Apprentice and on CNBC. But when all was said and done, the skin care products never became a reality. The contract for the line was trashed when Steve Hilbert, who was a personal friend, was fired from the cosmetic company she was working with, New Sunshine LLC.The situation eventually resulted in a lawsuit and Melania was asked to testify in court. She told the judge how angry and frustrated she was that she had worked so hard to promote the product line that the company ultimately never launched. And here s where it gets interesting.The attorney asked Melania various questions about her personal background and according to the transcripts, she was less than truthful. Where were you born, Mrs. Trump?  the attorney asked. I was born in Slovenia,  she answered. Would you please explain to the Judge your formal education including what schools you attended and from which you graduated?  the attorney requested. I attended and graduated from design school, from fashion and Industrial Design School and also attended, graduated from architecture degree, bachelor degree,  she testified under oath.Court transcripts of Melania Trump s testimony via Racked.com screen shot.As already established, this is a boldfaced lie because she dropped out after attending classes for only one year.Perjury is a criminal offense that is not to be taken lightly. Being convicted of perjury in a federal case can land you behind bars for up to five years and get you slapped with hefty fines. Perjury in state cases is punishable by a minimum of a year in jail. Republicans certainly can t stop screaming  perjury  when it comes to Hillary Clinton, but surely this fickle bunch will have no trouble ignoring it altogether in Melania s case.Featured image via Alex Wong/Getty Images",0
4947, Anti-Gay Conservative ‘Christian’ Group Gets OWNED By J.K. Rowling On Twitter,"These assholes were taken to the woodshed and they deserved it.After British diver Tom Daley failed to make the final round of the men s 10m platform, a right-wing  Christian  group called Christian Voice cheered on Twitter and used the occasion to claim that being gay somehow prevents athletes from being successful.Turning gay doesn t seem to have done Tom Daley any favours at #Rio2016 https://t.co/tdbT0Y5acx  Christian Voice (@UKCV) August 20, 2016Well, Harry Potter author J.K. Rowling refused to let that slide and slammed them on her Twitter feed. Can t decide which is more offensive in this tweet, the stupidity or the spite. https://t.co/ksqZp17drc  J.K. Rowling (@jk_rowling) August 20, 2016And then the rest of Twitter piled on.@jk_rowling @UKCV I m a (moderately conservative) evangelical minister, and I m horrified by that tweet. What were they thinking?  Alistair May (@AlistairMay) August 20, 2016 @jk_rowling I m trying to think back to my Sunday school lessons that taught hate your neighbour, oh no wait, there was t one.  Karla (@KarlaGeorge) August 20, 2016That people turn gay and that it affects diving. That s two stupids vs one spite. A gold medal to stupidity, silver to spite. @jk_rowling  Cave Art Films (@Cave_Art_Films) August 20, 2016 @UKCV Talk us through how one  turns gay .  Stewart McDonald MP (@StewartMcDonald) August 20, 2016@UKCV a married lesbian couple won gold for GB in the hockey yesterday, just fyi  Jonjon (@JonjonSpencer) August 20, 2016 @UKCV Guess what! Kate Richardson-Walsh has been chosen as the flag bearer for GB in the closing ceremony. ??  Jonjon (@JonjonSpencer) August 21, 2016@UKCV People don t turn gay. Also, delete your account.  Jessica Klingelfuss (@jessklingelfuss) August 20, 2016 @jk_rowling I think it s the fact they spend their time thinking about who other people find attractive. Weirdos.  Huw (@ed_son) August 20, 2016@UKCV I m sure Jesus loves you. The rest of us think you re a plank.  General Woundwort WC (@hedgenettle) August 20, 2016 @jk_rowling @UKCV I ve just looked at these tweets and am shocked. I m embarrassed to be a human.  Michael Luxton (@JefferyCupcakes) August 20, 2016@UKCV except the medal he s already won. And the Olympic Record he broke yesterday.  Keir Shiels (@keirshiels) August 20, 2016And there are many more where those came from as Twitter users are still ripping these so-called  Christians  a new one for their bigotry.Featured Image: Chip Somodevilla/Getty Images",0
4948, WATCH: Donald Trump Throws A Hissy Fit About Morning Joe And Gets Hilariously Buried,"Despite claiming that he never watches Morning Joe on MSNBC, it became very clear on Monday morning that Donald Trump lied about that.Political analyst Rick Tyler joined the panel and had a field day mocking the Republican nominee for finally toning down his campaign rhetoric instead of continuing to act like a petulant child. Reince Priebus has been particularly happy about the change and Tyler couldn t resist comparing him to a dad who had just successfully potty trained his toddler. He s sort of talking about his candidate as if he graduated from diapers to big boy pants,  Tyler quipped as the studio broke out in laughter.  This is not great progress,  he continued.  His new tone, I don t understand what the new tone is. Tyler went on to question whether Trump s new pivot is the real Donald Trump since he s only doing it late into the campaign after weeks of disastrous poll numbers.Mika Brzezinski chimed in later on that Trump s claim that Hillary Clinton would cause Americans to  lose everything  sounded like it came from someone who loaded up on alcohol prior to the rally. He belted like, honestly, like he s had a lot to drink,  Brzezinski said.  His delivery is very  Blaaaaaagh! Here s the video via Twitter..@rickwtyler: Reince Preibus sort of talked about Trump  as if he graduated from diapers to big boy pants  https://t.co/5NlRA9O5L7  Morning Joe (@Morning_Joe) August 22, 2016As it turns out, Donald Trump was watching Morning Joe while they were mocking him, so of course the thin-skinned businessman lashed out on Twitter by attacking Mika and threatened to reveal secrets about her and Joe Scarborough. Tried watching low-rated @Morning_Joe this morning, unwatchable! @morningmika is off the wall, a neurotic and not very bright mess!  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) August 22, 2016Some day, when things calm down, I ll tell the real story of @JoeNBC and his very insecure long-time girlfriend, @morningmika. Two clowns!  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) August 22, 2016Trump s hissy fit drew a fantastic response from Joe in defense of his co-host. He even thanked Trump for helping the show draw the best ratings. Neurotic and not very bright? Look in the mirror. https://t.co/FPaqGW9JWv  Joe Scarborough (@JoeNBC) August 22, 2016Thanks for watching. Morning Joe is enjoying it s best ratings ever thanks to obsessed fans like you. GLAD? https://t.co/FPaqGW9JWv  Joe Scarborough (@JoeNBC) August 22, 2016Trump s new campaign staff had one job and they failed. One of the reasons why Trump s campaign has been imploding is because he can t control his reactions towards those who mock or criticize him. So it looks like it only took a morning cable show to end Trump s new tone. That change didn t last long at all.Featured image via John Moore/Getty Images",0
4949, WATCH: Mike Pence Laughs At His Own Running Mate When Asked About Pathetic Black Voter Outreach,"Donald Trump has his sights set on a voting bloc he has not a chance in hell of winning: black people. Despite Trump s blatant racism and other assorted forms of bigotry, he made the crazy claim that if elected, he d have 95% of the African American support by the time he runs for reelection in 2020. Of course all sane people know this to be false. It also seems that his own running mate thinks such an idea is pretty funny, too.Vice presidential candidate Mike Pence appeared on Fox News with host Ainsley Earhardt, and she asked him about The Donald s extraordinary statement. Pence, of course, tried to spin and cover up his chuckling, and actually pretended he believes Donald Trump cares about black people. Well, that s Donald Trump. He has a heart for every American and he also, he s a truth-teller. He speaks the truth. It s been the failed policies of Democrat politicians that have, that have harmed people living in the cities in this country now for generations. And it s had special impact on the African-American community.And his optimistic view about 2020 when he s running for reelection, that s pure Donald Trump. He s speaking the truth but s also doing what a leader should do. As President John F. Kennedy] said,  We re going to advance policies that cause all ships to rise, to create new opportunities for every American. Haha, good one, Governor Pence. You know good and damn well that Donald Trump doesn t care about anyone but Donald Trump, and his lengthy and well documented history of racism shows that he especially doesn t care about black people. You might be fooling yourself here, but you re sure as hell not fooling us.Watch the exchange below, via The Hill: Why are you laughing?  My god, this video of Pence on Fox News is incredible. https://t.co/iYGF8VUKkV pic.twitter.com/B1q6LxaiVf  Andrew Kirell (@AndrewKirell) August 22, 2016Featured image via video screen capture",0
4950, Donald Trump Colorado Campaign Office Is Literally Run By A Kid (VIDEO),"The Donald Trump campaign is relying heavily on a 12 year old to help open a field office in one of the most important counties in the swing state of Colorado. You read that right. A 12-year-old is being relied upon to ensure that the thin-skinned man-baby candidate obtains keys to the White House.Weston Imer is co-chair of the campaign in Jefferson County, but his mother, the official field coordinator, said that she gave her son the bulk of the work in order to help teach him responsibility.Weston sits in the office instructing volunteers on what to do, as well as making phone calls to Trump supporters. Get involved   kids need to be educated,  Weston said, according to KDVR. Parents have the responsibility to educate their kids,  Laurel Imer said.Weston will be at the field office every day until he has to start school in September. At the tender age of 12-years-old, Weston is likely in the 7th grade. Do you want to be President of the United States one day?  a reporter asked Weston. Definitely, 2040 watch for me and Baron Trump if you re watching. I ll take ya as my running mate,  Imer said.Watch:[youtube https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Tn9Zx8yUkXY]The 12-year-old would like to become President of the free world one day. We re pretty sure that Donald, his idol, never dreamed he would get this close to the White House since he s done everything possible to discourage that.Donald trails Hillary Clinton by ten points in Colorado, according to a Fox News poll. Again, we re talking about a Fox News poll. It s not exactly surprising since Donald s campaign doled out $7.7 million to his family and Trump-owned companies. Instead of increasing spending on staff or organizing   like in crucial states such as Colorado   the campaign spent $1.8 million on hats and other merchandise.It s commendable that Mrs. Imer wants to teach her child responsibility but this is a presidential election in important battleground territory. Aside from that, educating her child while using Donald as a model for responsibility is counterproductive. Donald is a scam artist, nothing more.Image via screen capture. ",0
4951, Washed-Up Actress Kirstie Alley Whines About Obama’s Flood Response In Pathetic Tweets,"Kirstie Alley hasn t been relevant in the world of acting in many years. Usually, the only way she can get any news attention is by either appearing on the cover of The National Enquirer or by making outrageous statements   which is just what she did on this weekend when she tweeted out complaints regarding President Obama s response to the flooding situation in Louisiana.Everyone is well aware that the people of Louisiana are hurting due to a massive amount of flooding that swept the state. However, due to the fact that the President or any presidential candidates visiting the area would be nothing but a distraction and a drain on resources, the Governor of Louisiana has asked the president and the presidential candidates to not go to the state until things are more controlled. This information somehow missed Kirstie Alley, who, of course, supports Donald Trump for president. It s no wonder she supports him; after all it seems that her tweeting style is just like his   ignorant and self-congratulatory to the extreme.Or on a golf course in Martha's Vineyard instead of in Louisiana? pic.twitter.com/YJukzqW8bz  Kirstie Alley (@kirstiealley) August 19, 2016My point is..Do u think USA wants to C him playing golf while Louisiana is 20 feet under water & people R dying? https://t.co/jNJldU4eLU  Kirstie Alley (@kirstiealley) August 19, 2016I thought Bush waited too long also! I was in Katrina on day 5 & I'm just a gorgeous actress :)THEY needed HELP! I didn't need an invitation  Kirstie Alley (@kirstiealley) August 19, 2016This woman is an idiot. She knows nothing about why the president isn t there. It doesn t matter what people think, it is the president s job to do what is BEST, not what is popular. This dumb ass actress needs to go back into whatever hole she crawled out of, or, better yet, stay in her house watching her old flicks and reliving her very brief glory days on Cheers. After all, that s all she s good for.Featured image via Albert L. Ortega/Getty Images",0
4952, WATCH: White Lives Matter Group Carries Assault Rifles Outside Houston NAACP Building (VIDEO),"A group of  White Lives Matter  protestors held a protest outside of the building of the Houston chapter of the NAACP on Sunday morning. Members of the group indicated that they were angry that the NAACP has not spoken out against the Black Lives Matter movement. We came out here to protest against the NAACP and their failure in speaking out against the atrocities that organizations like Black Lives Matter and other pro-black organizations have caused the attack and killing of white police officers, the burning down of cities and things of that nature,  a member of the White Lives Matter group said.  If they re going to be a civil rights organization and defend their people, they also need to hold their people accountable. During the protest, protestors carried assault rifles and other firearms, as well as a giant Confederate flag. We re not out here to instigate or start any problems,  Reed said.  Obviously we re exercising our Second Amendment rights but that s because we have to defend ourselves. Their organizations and their people are shooting people based on the color of their skin. We re not. We definitely will defend ourselves, but we re not out here to start any problems. We came here because the NAACP headquarters is here and that s one of the most racist groups in America,  a protestor named Scott Lacey said.Police eventually arrived at the protest and created a barricade. No one was harmed during the protest, except anyone who still had an ounce left of faith in humanity.You can watch a video report about the protest below.Featured image via video screenshot",0
4953, WATCH: Rudy Giuliani Begs People To Search For Clinton Conspiracy Videos,"On Sunday, Rudy Giuliani appeared on Fox News Sunday, where he decided to push the right-wing conspiracy theory that Democratic presidential candidate Hillary Clinton is suffering from severe health problems. The right-wing myth was pushed heavily by Fox News  Sean Hannity.Despite the fact that the conspiracy was debunked almost immediately, Giuliani insisted that Clinton is in fact at death s door with some kind of illness. He alleged that there is vast media conspiracy out to silence those who want to expose the truth about Clinton s health. She doesn t need to campaign. She has The New York Times, she has the [New York] Daily News, she has ABC, she has CBS, she has NBC. She has an entire media empire that constantly demonizes Donald Trump and fails to point out that she hasn t had a press conference in 300 days, 200 days, 100 days, I don t know how long,  Giuliani said.  Fails to point out several signs of illness by her. All you got to do is go online. All you have to do  The show s host Shannon Bream interrupted Giuliani to say: Which her campaign and a number of people defending her saying there s nothing factual to the claims about her health, and that that s speculation at best. Here s where Giuliani really goes off the rails. He asks for viewers to look up videos from Clinton health truthers, rather than listen to what is reported on in the news. Go online and put down Hillary Clinton illness and take a look at the videos for yourself,  Giuliani insisted.You can watch the segment from the broadcast below.Featured image from video screenshot",0
4954, Trump’s Newest Foreign Policy Advisor Is One Of The Dumbest People To Ever Serve In Congress,"If you weren t having nightmares before about Donald Trump potentially having the nuclear codes, his latest choice for national security advisor should keep you up for months, or at least until November 9th. He has chosen, as a national security advisor, a woman who believes the earth is six million years old and that the world is ending very, very soon anyway. That woman is the former Congresswoman from Minnesota, Michele Bachmann.The campaign hasn t yet confirmed that Bachmann is advising on matters of foreign policy, but she is advising him on evangelical matters and she was, in a bit of tragic irony, part of the House Permanent Select Committee on Intelligence when she was still in Congress. To some who have no idea about anything outside the borders of our country (Donald Trump), it would be logical to believe that she s an expert on foreign policy. She s not.As for her reputed position as a foreign policy advisor on Trump s team, Bachmann says this:The former Minnesota congresswoman attended a fundraiser in the state for Trump on Saturday, where she revealed to the press that she has his ear on foreign policy. He also recognizes there is a threat around the world, not just here in Minnesota, of radical Islam,  she said, according to MPR News.  I wish our President Obama also understood the threat of radical Islam and took it seriously. He s a common-sense guy, not into political correctness,  Bachmann added, according to the Star Tribune.Source: The HillLet s forget for a moment that Bachmann is a disaster on social issues. She hates gay people. She thinks the Founding Fathers outlawed slavery. She is anti-science. She s an anti-government conspiracy theorist. She thinks half of all African-American pregnancies end in abortion. She thinks that there would be no unemployment if there were no minimum wage. She thinks the U.S. is running out of rich people.As for her foreign expertise, she believes that the United States wants some sort of global currency. She believes Jerusalem is the capital of Israel. That would be Tel Aviv. She believes Sharia Law is around every corner. More significantly, she believes that there s no point in making the world a better place because Jesus will come vacuum everyone up to Heaven within the very near future. We know that there is more prophecy of Jesus  second coming even than there was in the first,  she said.  We also should be encouraged and empowered as believers in Jesus Christ   now more than ever   with the Bible in one hand, the newspaper in another, to say to our neighbors and co-workers and people at church, this is about the Lord speaking to the world that,  I am coming soon. Source: The BlazeAre you frightened yet?h/t: Buzzfeed | Featured image via Jeff Swensen at Getty Images. ",0
4955, WATCH: Reliable Sources Explains ‘Trumpbart’ And How It Will Shape The Election (VIDEO),"Steve Bannon, Donald Trump s new campaign CEO, is the former chairman of the radical alt-right media company Breitbart. On Sunday, Reliable Sources host Brian Stelter and former Breitbart spokesman Kurt Bardella explained that the site is the  de facto SuperPAC of Donald Trump.  The two, along with former NPR CEO, Ken Stern explained the significance of the merger.Stelter begins the segment by describing the political merger as  Trumpbart. We could call it a political merger,  Trumpbart.  This week, GOP pollster Kellyanne Conway became the new face of Donald Trump s campaign, appearing all across TV. But it s Steve Bannon who may be the new inner voice of the campaign. Until Tuesday, he was the executive chairman of the far-right website Breitbart. On Wednesday, he became the Trump campaign s CEO. Stelter asks Bardell to describe Breitbart to people who may not be familiar with the media site. Bardell responds, saying: I think you look at it as the de facto SuperPAC of Donald Trump. And really for the last year, year and a half in the Republican primary, they have been the rapid response arm of the Trump campaign. Anytime anything,  Bardell says before being interrupted by Stelter. Rapid response arm of the Trump campaign? Let s underscore that You re saying it s even, what, further to the right than Fox News? Oh my gosh, it s not even a   they make Fox News look like MSNBC,  Bardella clarifies.  I think that any time that there was a controversy, something that Trump may have said that was generating headlines, Breitbart was the first destination that you could go to to see in real time what the Trump line of thinking was. It was the most sympathetic voice for Trump, and anytime that anyone in the mainstream media would in any way, characterize, or attack, or question Trump s tactics, they were the place that you could go to for that sympathetic ear for Trump. This merger comes at an odd time for the Trump campaign it might end up being Breitbart that benefits from the merger. Trump has already tried and failed to pivot to the center multiple times on his most controversial positions. Having Bannon on board his campaign is only going to make that task that much more difficult. Breitbart, on the other hand, has a spokesman who they can use to make whatever reactionary conspiracy they might have go mainstream.You can watch the segment below.Featured image from video screenshot ",0
4956, WATCH: Louisiana Governor Slams Giuliani For Criticizing His Response To Trump Visit,"Rudy Giuliani threw a hissy fit over Louisiana Governor John Bel Edwards  reaction to Donald Trump visiting the flood damage in his state, and Edwards called him out for it.On Friday, the former New York mayor who now forgets about 9/11 posted a statement on Twitter whining about Bel Edwards asking the Republican nominee to do something to help the victims of the flooding instead of just showing up to do a photo-op.Instead of following Gov. Bel Edwards s advice, Trump proceeded to get that photo-op, which consisted of him handing out play-doh instead of real supplies such as food and water.But Giuliani criticized Bel Edwards for making such a request and said that reaction towards President Obama is not the same negative reaction President Bush received after Hurricane Katrina.Giuliani said that Trump showed  true leadership  by going to the flood ravaged state and then plugged his book in the same breath.Then he bragged about being the mayor of NYC during the September 11th attacks.Here s the full post via Twitter.Giuliani statement on Louisiana s governor criticizing Trump trip:  During the September 11 attacks, I welcomed  pic.twitter.com/wFDRW5qhyi  Bradd Jaffy (@BraddJaffy) August 19, 2016On Sunday, Bel Edwards fired back by telling CNN s Dana Bash that there is not a double standard here. I believe Mayor Giuliani got it completely wrong. I have not been critical of Mr. Trump s visit. I have tried not to comment because I don t want to get tied up in the politics of whether it s the president, whether it s Hillary Clinton or whether it s Donald Trump. I have tried not to comment. And the comments that I have made have been very reserved. So I think he was off base there with that comment. So I think he was off base there with that comment. Bel Edwards went on to point out that the reason President Obama has not visited Baton Rouge yet is because he asked him to come next week instead.Here s the video via CNN.But Edwards explained why President Obama was right not to visit yet during an interview with Rachel Maddow on Thursday. It is a major ordeal, they free up the interstate for him. We have to take hundreds of local first responders, police officers, sheriffs, deputies and state troopers to provide security for that type of visit. I would just as soon have those people engaged in the response rather than trying to secure the president. So I d ask him to wait, if he would, another couple weeks. So President Obama s presence would have been a major distraction and would have kept first responders from doing their jobs to help those in need.But that doesn t mean President Obama has done nothing like Republicans would have us believe. Gov. Edwards said on that point: I do want you to know, and your viewers to know, that within hours of me making a request for a federal declaration I got it from the president. He called me. I want you to know that I ve been speaking to Valerie Jarrett just about every day. He dispatched the FEMA administrator to meet with me for an entire day. Today I had the Homeland Security Secretary Jeh Johnson. We ve also had the four-star general who runs all of the guard for the country here today. And that s in addition to FEMA workers who have been embedded in the state in preparation for the relief effort.President Bush was not so much criticized for not visiting as much as he was criticized for not being prepared and not doing enough to help the victims in the wake of Hurricane Katrina, a storm that took the lives of nearly 2,000 people. FEMA was completely disorganized under Bush s watch. But President Obama has been on top of this latest disaster in Louisiana since the beginning.So Giuliani is out of line for criticizing President Obama. And he is out of line for criticizing Bel Edwards for making a reasonable request of Trump. Louisiana needs help, not photo-ops. Trump visited a Republican dominated area to make it look like he was universally welcomed in the state when it is clear that he wasn t. President Obama s presence would have only hindered the rescue and recovery effort. And you know Republicans would have whined about that if he had visited.Featured image via screen capture",0
4957, GOP Senator Compares Obama To ‘Drug Dealer’,"A Republican senator has compared President Obama to a  drug dealer  in controversial remarks just coming to light.The Senator in question is Illinois  Mark Kirk, who is in a tight fight for re-election this year. Kirk s comments came as part of ongoing criticism of the Obama administration s actions to stop Iran from getting a nuclear bomb. We can t have the president of the United States acting like the drug dealer in chief,  Kirk said.  Giving clean packs of money to a   state sponsor of terror. Those 500-euro notes will pop up across the Middle East.  . We re going to see problems in multiple (countries) because of that money given to them. Kirk was responding to reports that the administration paid $400 million in cash to Iran in January as Iran released Americans that had been held as prisoners. The money was part of a previously announced settlement in a case stemming from money owed since 1979, but the timing had not been known until this month.The State Department has debunked conservative conspiracies about the money given to Iran, pointing out that the money was Iran s own and frozen as a result of sanctions that were previously put in place. Releasing them was part of the negotiation process for the Iran deal. Republicans have falsely claimed that the money was a  ransom  paid to the Islamic nation.Kirk s harsh comments and their racially charged context comes at an unusual time for the senator. He has distanced himself from the Republican nominee, Donald Trump, as his opponent Rep. Tammy Duckworth leads him by 7% in the most recent poll.Illinois is a heavily Democratic state and is of course the home state of President Obama. Hillary Clinton is expected to easily win there this fall, and the already endangered Kirk may further injure his campaign with these new allegations.Featured image via screen capture",0
4958, KKK Leader Brags That White Supremacists Have Taken Over The Republican Party (AUDIO),"White supremacists are celebrating Donald Trump s rise to the top of the Republican Party and KKK leader David Duke bragged about it on the radio.Speaking with Don Advo this week about Trump s decision to hire Breitbart boss Stephen K. Bannon to be his campaign CEO, Duke, who is a racist former KKK Grand Wizard, roared his approval of the choice as both Advo and Duke cheered that white supremacists had taken over the GOP, although he lamented that there were still  boll weevils in the cotton.  You know, because cotton is white and boll weevils are black or brown insects. So, something astonishing has happened. We appear to have taken over the Republican Party,  Advo declared to the delight of his Stormfront fans. Well, rank and file, but a lot of those boll weevils are still in those cotton balls, and, uh, the Republican Party may be a European-American populated party, but like a ball of cotton, you can have boll weevils in there that are going to rot it out from the inside,  Duke replied.Here s the audio via Daily Motion. duke alt right by DailyPoliticsDuke has been emboldened so much by Trump s successful seizure of the Republican Party crown that he is now running for the US Senate in Louisiana.Should he win, Republicans would have a unapologetic racist as part of their Senate caucus and would be a strong ally of Donald Trump should he win the presidency. A racist in the White House and a racist in the Senate is probably not exactly what Republicans were planning but that s what they got. And that s because Republicans created the atmosphere that allowed racists like Trump and Duke to rise.White supremacists love Donald Trump, and Duke has supported the Republican nominee throughout his campaign run.Not only does Trump and Duke need to be defeated, the Republican Party needs to be taken back from the racists who took it over. Because right now, Abraham Lincoln is spinning in his grave about what the GOP has become. The party that ended slavery and fought for civil rights has now become the party of white hoods.Featured image via Houston Chronicle",0
4959, WATCH: CNN Host Makes Trump’s Campaign Manager Regret She Took The Job,"We re just days into experiencing the leadership skills Kellyanne Conway, Donald Trump s new campaign manager, has to offer, and so far it s a disaster. An interview on CNN s State of the Union gave us a taste of Conway s ability to handle a little bit of grilling from the press.Before her rise to the top, Conway had called out Trump for his refusal to release his tax returns. Dana Bash, the show s host, wasted no time bringing up the matter during the interview. OK, now you re in charge of Donald Trump s campaign. Given that, given how you feel, are we going to see Donald Trump s tax returns soon? Conway, who is apparently not interested in creating any original talking points, went straight to the  there s a media conspiracy against Trump  line. Conway insisted that CNN should be more concerned with covering corruption relating to the Clinton Foundation.  Which, seeing as there is no real conspiracy against Trump, they did. Conway said: So, now that I m on the inside, I know something I didn t know then, which is he is under audit and what that means. And, he has said very clearly, and I back him up completely, that when the audit is completed he will release the tax returns. And let me just say something about transparency. It comes in many different forms, Dana, as does accountability and as does truthfulness. And we can t imagine going up against a less transparent, less accountable, more sort of rigged and corrupt individual as our political opponent than Hillary Clinton. She s had a terrible week when it comes to being transparent and accountable. Whether it s the revelations of the pay-for-play at the   in the State Department, that I know that CNN is very much on top of and your reporting is, Dana. As well as, as well as, the   what happened at the Clinton Foundation, which is a big hot mess. Bash responds saying: And we are talking about that for sure, but in this particular interview and these questions are about Donald Trump. And you mentioned the audit. According to his lawyers, the years 2002 to 2008 are no longer under audit. So would you release those tax returns? Conway continues to evade the question, saying: No, I would not. And this entire tax return debate is somewhat confounding to me in the following sense. I don t think that it creates one job, gets one more individual who does not have health insurance covered by health insurance, particularly under the disaster that has been Obamacare with these private insurers pulling out of our exchanges now and reporting billions of dollars of losses. What I think people are most concerned about is; how would a President Trump, or how would a President Hillary, affect their tax bill? Conway just proved that she is going to offer more of the same from the Trump campaign as we saw under the Manafort era. Same messaging and words, just a new mouth saying them.You can watch the exchange below.https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ApplceC4RtUFeatured image via video screen capture",0
4960, Black Trump Adviser: Staff Doesn’t Care About Reaching Out To Black Voters,"It s no secret that Team Trump has a problem with minorities   and that is putting it kindly. Despite Trump s recent attempts to fake caring about black people by speaking to black voters in a mostly white Wisconsin suburb, it couldn t be more clear that it s all just an attempt to save face. Well, now, one black Trump adviser has actually admitted what we already knew: the Trump camp couldn t give two shits about minority outreach.Sean Jackson leads the Black Republican Caucus of Florida, and somehow he thinks that Trump actually likes black people. Jackson actually blames Trump s campaign staff rather than the Great Orange Racist himself for the abysmal polling results when it comes to African American voters. Jackson says: Mr. Trump really does have a sincere, passionate interest in black outreach, but his campaign staff has dropped the ball. I have been saying repeatedly that you cannot go into a black community in the ninth hour of a campaign and ask them to vote for a GOP candidate. The party has done a piss-poor job of courting the black vote over 50 years. So you have to have more vested interest in time and in your financial effort for the whole campaign, not just in the last 100 days. Well, Mr. Jackson, you got one thing right here: The GOP HAS done a piss poor job of reaching out to black voters for decades. There s a reason for that, though: the party is full of racists. That s just the truth, but being a black Republican yourself, I suppose that you either refuse to see or choose to overlook that fact. Just a couple of examples, to remind you. House Majority Whip Steve Scalise is the number three ranking Republican in the House of Representatives. He also once bragged to a reporter that he is, quote,  David Duke without the baggage. Then you have Rep. Steve King, who literally floated white supremacist theories on live television during convention coverage. And that s just TWO examples. We won t even get started on just how racist The Donald himself is.Wake up, man   Donald Trump and the GOP don t give a damn about black people. They just want our votes, and you ve fallen for their line of bullshit hook, line, and sinker.Featured image via Ralph Freso/Getty Images",0
4961," Campaign Manager: ‘I’m White, I Was Moved’ By Trump’s Remarks About Black People (VIDEO)","Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump decided to reach out to black voters by traveling to an almost all-white town to tell African-Americans that they are uneducated, jobless and poor. Donald used inaccurate statistics, too. That was his minority outreach effort to black voters.On Sunday morning, Trump campaign manager Kellyanne Conway attempted to defend The Donald s remarks.Mediaite reports that host George Stephanopoulos of ABC s This Week told Conway that many people found Trump s comments offensive. But many in the African American community saw that as insulting because they say most African Americans don t live in poverty and that Mr. Trump was making those comments in communities that are more than 90 percent white,  Stephanopoulos remarked.But Conway explained that she lives in a white community and said she was very  moved  by the remarks. Those comments are for all Americans. And I live in a white community. I m white. I was very moved by his comment,  she said.  In other words, he is trying to tell Americans that we can do better. And the thing that he said that I think got a great deal of resonance is that maybe Hillary Clinton looks at you as voters as your   takes you for granted. I look at you as people. Once again, we see that others within the Trump camp have to clarify their candidate s controversial remarks. We re going to need a Donald Translator if this babbling man-baby gets the keys to the White House. And you   again, George, if you think 58 percent of unemployment in the African American youth community is a good idea,  she continued, adding,  then absolutely please go vote for Hillary Clinton, everyone. She actually repeated the false statistics that Donald used that have already been debunked. In order to arrive at  58 percent, one would have to add in all black youth who are currently enrolled in high school and college. But that s not racist at all, mkay? But he s saying, you can t do any worse,  she concluded.Watch:[youtube https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8EH3zk0NShI]There s nothing like a white person explaining to black people how they should live   and by using false statitisitics. In 2014, Donald tweeted,  President Obama has absolutely no control (or respect) over the African American community   they have fared so poorly under his presidency. We re sure Ms. Conway doesn t find that offensive either.A 70-year-old white man feels that African-Americans should be  controlled  and that s the same white supremacist thinking that also supports his candidacy. Imagine that. What a coincidence.In June, Trump was found to have garnered a whopping one percent among African-American voters. It s only surprising that he has any support at all.Featured image via screen capture. ",0
4962, WATCH: Louisiana Governor Tells Republicans To Stop Whining About President Obama,"Once again, Republicans are throwing a hissy fit because President Obama did not cut his vacation short to go immediately to Louisiana, but Governor John Bel Edwards put them in their place.As Louisiana deals with historic flooding that has broken records while killing 13 people and destroying tens of thousands of home, Republicans have been complaining about President Obama not dropping everything to visit the state.But during an appearance on The Rachel Maddow Show on Thursday night, Governor Bel Edwards set the record straight.As it turns out, Bel Edwards thinks President Obama s presence would be a distraction that would force the state to shift people and resources to prepare for the visit instead of remaining where they belong.First responders and emergency personnel are still involved in the rescue and recovery phase of the disaster, so pulling them away from that effort would be unwise. Therefore, Bel Edwards appreciates that President Obama did not jump on the first plane to Baton Rouge. The president is welcome anytime he wants to come,  Bel Edwards said. I do want you to know, and your viewers to know, that within hours of me making a request for a federal declaration I got it from the president. He called me. I want you to know that I ve been speaking to Valerie Jarrett just about every day. He dispatched the FEMA administrator to meet with me for an entire day. Today I had the Homeland Security Secretary Jeh Johnson. We ve also had the four-star general who runs all of the guard for the country here today. Bel Edwards said he would prefer if President Obama waited a week or two before coming to tour the flood damage and gave an example of what has to done to prepare for such a visit by pointing out how the state prepared for Vice-President Joe Biden s visit when he attended a memorial service three weeks ago for slain police officers. It is a major ordeal, they free up the interstate for him. We have to take hundreds of local first responders, police officers, sheriffs, deputies and state troopers to provide security for that type of visit. I would just as soon have those people engaged in the response rather than trying to secure the president. So I d ask him to wait, if he would, another couple weeks. Bel Edwards also noted that FEMA has been embedded in Baton Rouge since last Thursday, so President Obama and the federal government were well prepared to respond to the flooding unlike President Bush was for Hurricane Katrina, which killed 1,836 people.Rachel Maddow also pointed out that the state would have had emergency funding for this disaster had former Governor Bobby Jindal and Republican lawmakers not crippled state revenue by giving massive tax cuts to the wealthy.Here s the video via MSNBC:In short, President Obama has not ignored Louisiana s struggle. He has done everything short of visiting the state. And if he did visit, it would only do more harm then good.Donald Trump, on the other hand, visited the state and he couldn t even be bothered to cut a check to help those in need. The only  help  he provided was to assist in unloading play-doh from a truck instead of food or water or any other useful supply that people actually need.Meanwhile, President Obama has given Louisiana all the assistance they could possibly ask for in order to help people affected by the flooding. That s what real leadership is all about. Republicans would be well-advised to follow his example.Featured Image: Screenshot",0
4963, MAJOR Scientific Magazine’s Editorial Board Just BLASTED Trump’s ‘Lack Of Respect For Science’,"In July, a Washington Post editorial called Donald Trump  a unique threat to democracy.  This is entirely true. Trump has suggested building a wall to protect from  rapists  and  murderers  Mexico is  sending  to America. He has suggested rounding up members of a religious group, forcing them to be entered into a national database and wear a special little badge, and then be thrown into concentration camps.Trump has ordered his supporters to beat African-American protesters at his hate rallies, even suggesting that he will pay their legal fees if they are arrested while acting as his attack dogs. Hell,he even kicks his own supporters out of his events if he thinks they might be a little too dark for the room. But award-winning monthly science magazine, Scientific American, wants to remind you that he has about as much respect for science as he does a well-educated, black, gay journalist who recently converted to Islam.Four years ago, the magazine s Shawn Otto warned that  the new science denialism is creating an existential crisis like few the country has faced before. Otto wrote those words in the heat of a presidential election race that now seems quaint by comparison to the one the nation now finds itself in,  the magazine s editorial board wrote in a piece that will appear in September s print edition:Scientific American is not in the business of endorsing political candidates. But we do take a stand for science the most reliable path to objective knowledge the world has seen and the Enlightenment values that gave rise to it. For more than 170 years we have documented, for better and for worse, the rise of science and technology and their impact on the nation and the world. We have strived to assert in our reporting, writing and editing the principle that decision making in the sphere of public policy should accept the conclusions that evidence, gathered in the spirit and with the methods of science, tells us to be true.It won t come as a surprise to anyone who pays even superficial attention to politics that over the past few decades facts have become an undervalued commodity. Many politicians are hostile to science, on both sides of the political aisle. The House Committee on Science, Space, and Technology has a routine practice of meddling in petty science-funding matters to score political points. Science has not played nearly as prominent a role as it should in informing debates over the labeling of genetically modified foods, end of life care and energy policy, among many issues.The current presidential race, however, is something special. It takes antiscience to previously unexplored terrain. When the major Republican candidate for president has tweeted that global warming is a Chinese plot, threatens to dismantle a climate agreement 20 years in the making and to eliminate an agency that enforces clean air and water regulations, and speaks passionately about a link between vaccines and autism that was utterly discredited years ago, we can only hope that there is nowhere to go but up.In October, as we did four years previously, we will assemble answers from the campaigns of the Democratic and Republican nominees on the public policy questions that touch on science, technology and public health and then publish them online. We will support ScienceDebate.org s efforts to persuade moderators to ask important science-related questions during the presidential debates. We encourage the nation s political leaders to demonstrate a respect for scientific truths in word and deed. And we urge the people who vote to hold them to that standard.If Donald Trump is elected President, it will be a precarious position for scientific research in general, and this is something that is important to remember.When you are speaking out against Donald Trump, remember to mention that he doesn t care about scientific progress.Featured image via Getty Images/Jeff Swanson",0
4964," As Trump Collapses, Clinton Donations SURGE","As Donald Trump s support has crumbled in the past month, donations to Hillary Clinton s presidential campaign have been surging. In the most recent reports filed with the Federal Elections Commission (FEC), Clinton has just reported her best month yet of fundraising.The campaign ended July with $58.5 million on hand, up from $44.4 million on June 30, according to its report released by the Federal Election Commission on Saturday. Its $52.3 million raised and $38.2 million spent were both the highest of any month this cycle.Even more positive for Clinton, most of those donors were first time small-dollar donors, of the sort that have been so important to other candidates like Senator Bernie Sanders and President Obama. 58% of the money Clinton raised in July was under $200. Before, those donors represented 31% of her base.Clinton has spent most of the money on campaign ads in swing states, while Trump only announced plans for a meager advertising buy in the last week. He did not advertise during the Olympics, which most experts believe is a crucial time to reach prospective voters who aren t news junkies. Clinton bought time for an ad which highlighted Trump s habit of outsourcing the manufacturing of his clothing lines to other countries.According to the RealClearPolitics current average of polling, Clinton has a 5.7% lead against Trump nationally. He hasn t had the lead in a single national poll since the week of July 22, when the Republican National Convention was underway.Since then Trump has been involved in a series of controversies, including his repeated attack on the family of a fallen U.S. soldier. Allegations of underhanded dealings and connections to the Russian government eventually led to the ouster of his top campaign official, Paul Manafort. Trump has brought in the head of the bigoted website Breitbart.com, Stephen Bannon, to run his campaign in an emergency shakeup.Featured image via Flickr",0
4965, Louisiana Flood Relief Worker Rips Donald Trump For Doing Nothing To Help Victims,"All Donald Trump did is unload some play-doh for a photo-op in flood ravaged Louisiana instead of doing anything tangible to help. And he just got shredded for it.Trump traveled to the state this week in order to boast that he somehow cares about the flood victims because President Obama and Hillary Clinton have yet to make the trip down. However, that s only because Louisiana Governor John Bel Edwards asked them not to come because first responders are still rescuing people and their arrival would only divert effort and resources away from those who need it.Trump, however, doesn t care about anyone but himself so he visited anyway. Edwards said that Trump is welcome but he has to volunteer or write a check to help victims.But Trump barely did anything at all, and he certainly didn t write a check.Neva Butkus is a relief worker who has been on the ground in Louisiana working hard to help those in need. And when she found out about Trump s visit she ripped him a new one on Facebook for exploiting people who are hurting in a desperate attempt to save his imploding campaign. Alright, y all. I need to clear some things up as a BATON ROUGE RESIDENT who  has spent this entire week running donation centers, organizing volunteer efforts, and will be doing demo work on houses all this weekend,  Butkus began. Our Governor has explicitly asked Obama to NOT VISIT at this moment because our first responders are STILL saving people s lives. YES, It has been a week and there is still standing water. Tens of thousands of people are displaced. This is a NIGHTMARE and our governor does not want to shut down interstates that are BRINGING IN SUPPLIES just to escort our President into the city. Butkus pointed out that Donald Trump visited a Republican part of the state so that it would look like he is welcome there in the midst of the natural disaster going on.  He is exploiting an opportunity to look as if he is welcomed during a tragedy,  she said. Our Governor literally told him,  she continued,  that Trump is welcome in our state but if he s coming he better be volunteering or writing a sizable check to assist with recovery. A 60 second video of him unloading play-doh from a truck does not count. Indeed, one would think he would at least get a photo-op of himself unloading food or water or something. That s a Trump fail on a spectacular level.And then Butkus really lit Trump up. Trump. Seriously. Where is the check. Like where is the fucking check. My people are drowning. My co-workers and family and friends have lost everything. My friends and co-workers that haven t lost everything are taking off work (my boyfriend is taking PTO) to clean out people s homes and rip out sheet rock and carpet. Give us money or GTFO. I don t want to see you in your suit in AUGUST carrying boxes off a truck like you care about us. Louisiana is an incredible place. Baton Rouge is my home and I have watched people drop EVERYTHING to help one another during this time. The whole country seems to be floored by the generosity and love that our residents show each other during tough times, but to us this is normal. This is Louisiana. And you do not belong here. Here s a screenshot of the full Facebook smackdown.Donald Trump should be ashamed of himself for exploiting a tragedy to make himself look good. And Republicans should be embarrassed for letting him. President Obama s presence in Louisiana would not have done anything to help those in need of assistance. And in the end, Donald Trump s presence did nothing except distract from the rescue and recovery effort that should have been the focus. But as usual, Trump only cares about himself.Featured Image: Screenshot",0
4966, Trump Adviser: Trump Should’ve Had A ‘Backdrop With A Burning Car’ To Appeal To Black Voters (VIDEO),"Donald Trump campaign senior advisor Jack Kingston appeared on CNN Friday to discuss Trump s efforts to reach out to voters of color. During the segment, Kingston said that  maybe it would have been nice if he [Trump] went and had a backdrop with a burning car  while speaking at a campaign event in Wisconsin in order to appeal to black voters. As a reminder, you are not reading The Onion  those are the real words that Kingston said while on television for the entire world to hear.During the segment, CNN host Brianna Keiler attempted to explain to Kingston that it isn t a good idea to try and reach out to voters of color by speaking to a nearly entirely white community. She also questioned the decision to reach out to a voting bloc that overwhelmingly supports the Democratic challenger, Hillary Clinton. As per usual when talking to a Trump fan, Kingston says that Trump is doing far better with a group than polls show.Here s a transcript of the conversation:Keilar: He s polling right now at 2 percent with African-American voters. Is that the right way to attract a voting block that obviously favors Hillary Clinton much more than him?Kingston: Well first of all, our internal poll show us doing better than 2 percent, but the reality is he s going there and he s taking it to them. He s giving them a proposal. He s saying,  You know what? I m interested, I went to Milwaukee, I m here tonight, I want to talk to you.  And one of the things he actually said last night in North Carolina that kind of went uncovered, but he says  I don t want to preside over another generation of children who are left out of the American dream. Keilar: I have to stop you because you said he s going there. He s not, he s in Diamondale, which is 93 percent white. When he was in Milwaukee the other day, it was part of Milwaukee that wasn t dealing   I mean he, it s  Kingston: Well yeah, but Brianna he went  Keilar: It s almost completely white.Kingston: I mean, maybe it would have been nice if he went and had a backdrop with a burning car, but the reality is  Keilar: No no no no no, I m not talking about a burning car. I m talking about meeting with black voters.Kingston: Well, he met with David Clarke, who as you know is the African-American Sheriff of Milwaukee, and he s engaged with him. And his rallies are open to the public. Last night in North Carolina, we saw a lot of African-Americans. I wasn t sure about the crowd content tonight, but the reality is  Keilar: It s white. We checked.Wow. It s hard to imagine Trump s polling numbers being able to go down from a measly 2% from black voters. However, they might plummet to zero if they keep up with this pathetic voter outreach effort.You can watch the segment below, via Media Matters:Featured image from video screenshot",0
4967, WATCH Trump’s Former Campaign Manager TOTALLY Forget That John Kerry Lost In 2004,"Corey Lewandowski is still beating the Trump drum on CNN, including defending Trump s campaign shakeup this late in the game. There s just one tiny problem   he s doing so by comparing this shakeup to John Kerry s shakeup in 2004 and we all remember how that election turned out.The comments came just after now-former campaign chair Paul Manafort resigned from the campaign, which just strengthened all the talk that Trump is past the point of no return and cannot win this election no matter what he does. Lewandowski tried to counter that by saying: This campaign is not the first campaign to make staff changes. If you look at John Kerry s campaign, when he was running, he was making changes as late as Labor Day, and don t forget we re still in August  No, I understand, but the change in 2004 that John Kerry made helped him actually do significantly better than what he was doing. So? Kerry still lost. There is no getting around that fact. Kerry lost by about 3 million votes and 35 electoral votes. Yes, it was a close election, but really? He still lost and we still got four more years of George W. Bush. It s hard to imagine that anybody of Lewandowski s age and background doesn t see that.This is the kind of ignorance that s pervading Trump s campaign. Things have gotten so pathetically bad that there are people saying the polls don t matter because his social media followings are huge and attendance at his rallies is huge. Tens of millions don t attend his rallies, and it should be patently obvious that his social media following is very heavily biased.Lewandowski is a perfect Trump proxy with his head full of cotton. The main difference between him and those currently on Trump s staff is that the cotton filling their heads is a little more coarse. Watch him completely screw up history below:Featured image via Drew Angerer/Getty Images",0
4968, Report: Hillary Clinton To Raise $1 Billion To Unseat GOP Reps. And Senators,"As crunch time nears and states are having their primary contests, the Clinton campaign is wasting no time in getting further ahead than the Republicans.In a new report detailed by Politico, Hillary Clinton and her campaign are setting course to raise over $1 billion to unseat vulnerable House and Senate Republicans, with the aim of knocking off 10 to 25 House seats from Republicans and taking back the Senate.Hillary Clinton will raise $1 billion for Democrats and the party will train some of their efforts   and that money   on defeating House and Senate Republicans. Party leaders privately concede that the Senate could be lost either way. But senior House Republicans say they re in good shape across the country, and see no evidence that the control of the chamber is in playRepublicans are especially antsy at these revelations, considering the Republican National Committee fell almost $10 million short in their July fundraising predications (they only conjured up $27 million). In that same month, the Democratic Congressional Campaign Committee, the fundraising arm of the Democratic National Committee, raised over $35 million (not including the total $90 million in joint fundraising with Clinton), and has raised almost $20 million more than the RNC for the 2016 fiscal year so far.In contrast, Trump had a very good month for fundraising. Counter that with the RNC s pathetic monthly numbers, the money speaks for itself: the GOP is putting its trust (and money) in Trump and Trump alone.So while Trump is hurting down-ballot candidates and their efforts for re-election, Clinton is set to raise unprecedented amounts of money for the Democrats, all while having her own campaign to fund.Back in May 2015, Politico reported that Clinton s campaign sought to raise over $2 billion by the time the November general election rolled around. Considering the Clinton campaign has raised, per OpenSecrets, $375 million for her own personal campaign, $100 million in 2015 for down-ballot candidates in 2015, and over $60 million through the summer of 2016 (coupled with the goal of $1 billion by November), that leaves the campaign roughly $465 million off target.Still, the Clinton machine is dominating Republicans in fundraising, not just for the presidential candidate, but for everyone else involved.Clinton is serious about getting stuff done   she knows her policies will be  pie-in-the-sky  without support from Congress. So what does she do? She raises more money for other Democrats than she does for herself. Trump, on the other hand, hoards the money for himself while he s a billionaire. See how that concentration of wealth screws everyone over, Republicans? Ironic, isn t it.Featured image Justin Sullivan/Getty Images",0
4969," Cher’s Currently On A Twitter Rampage Against Trump, And It’s BEAUTIFUL (TWEETS)","If you ve even been on Twitter then you ll know that it s often filled with not only news and updates on events, but also filled with a stream of consciousness from, well, pretty much everyone on the social media site.One of the best at just letting you know exactly what is on her mind, and uses emojis in a way that can only be seen as extraordinary, is none other than the legendary artist/actress/entertainer extraordinaire, Cher.She is currently on a Twitter rampage against Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump and has unleashed her emoji fabulousness all over her Twitter feed.It all began when she noticed an older Washington Post article that featured Donald Trump s tweet where he displayed his face superimposed over the American flag with Nazi soldiers marching in front of the White House.Scary, right? Well, Cher clearly thought so, too, and has been angrily tweeting her disgust in the candidate ever since.Check out her tweets, as well as replies, here:Donald Trump tweets image of Nazi soldiers inside the U.S. flag, then deletes tweet   The Washington Post ?NAZI ART https://t.co/rtuWNLMtT3  Cher (@cher) August 20, 2016TRUMP HAS NAZI IN AD?WHY AM I NOT SURPRISED?MORE IMPORTANTLY..WTF IS THAT SOCIOPATHS FACE DOING ON MY??.?GOES AGAINST EVERYTHING??STANDS4  Cher (@cher) August 20, 2016She even lays down the flag code:US CODE Title 4 Chapter 1-8(i)AMERICAN FLAG SHOULD NEVER B USED 2 SELL A PRODUCT DONT DESECRATE OUR??W/YOUR FACE pic.twitter.com/nvSQNX6Py0  Cher (@cher) August 20, 2016@debdlr Saw Pic Of?That Reflects HIM PERFECTLY Hes In Nazi Environment,IN SS COAT,but??Was In It &Changed 2make Point,So Not posting it.  Cher (@cher) August 20, 2016@Q_State_Fun ITS INSANE IF IT WAS A MISTAKE,THEY'RE INCOMPETENT IF IT WASN'T ..WHAT  Cher (@cher) August 20, 2016She also goes after his use of foreign workers:Trump's Mar-a-Lago hires hundreds of foreign workers March 18 WHY DIDNT ?GIVE ""THESE JOBS""2 ??'NS THEY DESERVE THEM https://t.co/TigaHUIvGH  Cher (@cher) August 20, 2016@RichardGrenell TRUMP TAKES HIS""OWN""PRIVATE  ,2GO 2 THE KITCHEN 2 GET FRESH?JUICE, SQUEEZED BY SOME1 HERE ON H-1B VISA NOT AN ??'N WORKER?  Cher (@cher) August 20, 2016Also calling out his photo op in Louisiana:@WheesyLouise I Dont Believe Trump Has A Humble Bone OR,?of Human Kindness In HIS BODY THERE'S TRUE ?& CONCERN & THEN THERES PHOTO OPS  Cher (@cher) August 20, 2016And just lays it all out with clearly no f*cks to give:@EdHenryFans I DEFENDTHE CONSTITUTION'S, ""FREEDOM OF SPEECH""  I WONT DISRESPECT MY??,2 MANY HAVE DIED 4 IT.U MAY HATE ME,BUT IM AN ??n  Cher (@cher) August 20, 2016It must be remembered that Trump has been endorsed by several white supremacists and white supremacy groups, including, but not limited to the Ku Klux Klan. So, when Trump used Nazi soldiers with his face on our flag, it s probably about the worst thing ever. EVER.Let s listen to Cher, as well as sane people everywhere and make sure Donald Trump gets nowhere near the Oval Office. Please, for the sake of all humanity.Featured image via Slaven Vlasic/Getty Images   Twitter",0
4970, Here’s Proof Top Republicans Have Already Given Up On Trump,"Republican strategists and party officials are circulating a plan of action that they are close to enacting, based on the premise that Donald Trump will almost certainly lose the presidential election. The plan is a way for congressional campaigns to untangle themselves from the Trump campaign, saving their own skins in November.Party strategists are mapping out blueprints for down-ballot candidates, in TV ads and on the campaign trail, to present themselves as checks on a Hillary Clinton presidency. It s an approach that would essentially admit a Trump loss. In interviews, nearly one dozen Republican operatives said they had begun poll-testing the idea   which one labeled a  break glass in case of emergency  strategy   to gauge how the public would react to it.The last time Republicans essentially abandoned their nominee was in 1996, when it became clear that Senator Bob Dole would lose to President Bill Clinton. Clinton went on to win that race with 379 electoral votes and victories in 31 states and Washington, D.C. But Republicans were able to stop the bleeding and held on to House and Senate seats.Politico reports that the emergency election plan involves an appeal based on telling voters that Republicans want congressional seats in order to provide a check on the power that Hillary Clinton would have as President. Infamous Republican political operative Karl Rove seems to be on board.The deliberations extend to the highest levels of the party. American Crossroads, the influential conservative group that was co-founded by Karl Rove, has tested to see how voters would feel about Republicans casting themselves as being a check and balance to Hillary Clinton, according to four sources familiar with the deliberations.The existence of this plan, and the fact that so much of it is already mapped out, is very nearly a concession in the presidential race before it s even September.Featured image via Flickr",0
4971, Embarrassing: NY Times Reveals Trump’s Companies Are In MASSIVE Debt,"A new report from the New York Times finds that Donald Trump owes twice as much debt as he reported on his public election filings.The NY Times reports: Beyond finding that companies owned by Mr. Trump had debts of at least $650 million, The Times Discovered that a substantial portion of his wealth is tied up in three passive partnerships that owe an additional $2 billion to a string of lenders, including those that hold the loan on the Avenue of the Americas building. If those loans were to go into default, Mr. trump might not be held personally liable, but the value of his investments would sink. The NY Times points out that Trump probably didn t lie about the amount of debt he has in his public filings, it s just a matter of the forms that were filled out not being designed for a person who has as complex financial holdings as Trump does.What s really interesting about the report, is that it also shows Trump s one of the very few criticisms of Hillary Clinton shared by some on the left (which he stole from progressives anyway) is now rendered completely invalid for him to make, due to it being completely hypocritical.The NY Times reports: An office building on Avenue of the Americas in Manhattan, of which Mr. Trump is part owner, carries a $950 million loan. Among the lenders: the Bank of China, one of the largest banks in a country that Mr. Trump has railed against as an economic foe of the United States, and Goldman Sachs, a financial institution he has said controls Hillary Clinton, the Democratic nominee, after it paid her $675,000 in speaking fees. Trump has positioned himself as a strong businessman throughout his presidential campaign. However, he has come under fire from Democrats as report after report comes out showing that he is actually a huge failure in the world of business. Most notably from Elizabeth Warren who has said that  Donald Trump is a loser. Count all his failed businesses. See how he kept his father s empire afloat by cheating people with scams like Trump University and by using strategic corporate bankruptcy (excuse me, bankruptcies) to skip out on debt. The report is damning and should give Democrats a few more talking points that show just how dangerous a Trump presidency would be for the United States.Featured image from Spencer Platt/Getty Images",0
4972, RBG BLASTS Republicans For Crippling The Supreme Court,"Supreme Court Justice Ruth Bader Ginsburg is blasting the Republican obstructionism that has crippled the United States Supreme Court. Ginsburg said that having only eight justices sitting on the high court is simply  not good enough  to deal with the crucial issues at hand.Speaking to New Mexico State Bar Association members who had gathered on Friday, Ginsburg explained that the short-handed court had been faced with important decisions in recent months that were unable to be dealt with properly because the court does not have the intended number of justices.When we are evenly divided, it is equivalent to denying review,  Ginsburg said.  There were important issues in these four cases that we were unable to decide, and they will come back again and one of them was the president s immigration policy.Ginsburg spoke of several recent cases that had been before the court but had resulted in 4-4 deadlock rather than a final decision, which left the ruling of lower courts in place. The cases she referenced included a key case on immigration, organized labor fees, and the ability of Native American tribal courts to decide controversies involving visitors.The Supreme Court has been operating with only eight justices rather than nine since the unexpected death of Antonin Scalia in February. Before his body had even had a chance to get cold, Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell announced that Senate Republicans would refuse to consider any nomination put forth by President Obama. So far, they have held true to their word and have refused to hold a confirmation hearing for Obama s Supreme Court nominee, Merrick Garland.Last month, Garland made history and now holds the record for the longest wait for a confirmation hearing of anyone who has ever been nominated to the Supreme Court. There is no justifiable reason that Senate Republicans have refused to give Obama s nominee a straight up or down vote. Meanwhile, the highest court in the land has been crippled by their absurd obstructionism.Featured image via Kevork Djansezian/Getty Images",0
4973, WATCH: Joy Reid Shuts Down Right-Wing Pastor For Lying In Defense Of Racist Trump,"A pastor shamefully lied in defense of Donald Trump on Saturday and Joy Reid shut him down HARD.During an interview on MSNBC, conservative  Christian  pastor Darrell Scott, who is one of the few black people in America who support the Republican nominee, pretended that Trump is not a racist and denied that Trump had anything to do with the birther movement against President Obama.Trump tried to sell himself to black voters on Friday in front of an audience of white people by telling them they have  nothing to lose  by voting for him. That led Reid to ask,  If Donald Trump makes a speech to black people when there are none around to hear it, did he make a sound? Reid turned to Scott and noted that Trump has made two appeals to black voters in recent days in places where the black population only makes up about 1 percent of the total.  Why is he making those appeals in front of almost exclusively white audiences?  she asked.Scott made excuses for Trump, claiming that it doesn t matter where he speaks because all African-Americans hear him. When pressed on why Trump has not accepted invitations from the NAACP, the Urban League, and the National Association of Black Journalists because he supposedly had better things to do already on his schedule.Reid smiled as Scott called Trump  a cultural phenomenon  who draws rock star crowds. Reid then zinged back that those crowds are devoid of black people.Reid slammed Trump for pushing the false notion that every black person in America is living in poverty and going to failing schools and then asked Scott about Trump s history of housing discrimination, which has been cited by the Justice Department because the Republican nominee refused to rent to black people.Scott claimed that it was just an accusation and denied that Trump discriminated against black people, but the record shows that Trump settled the case with the government because there was a strong case against him, hardly the action of a man who didn t commit such an offense.Reid then asked Scott about Trump s prominent role in the birther movement. Despite multiple video tapes of Trump pushing the birther conspiracy and demanding President Obama s birth certificate, Scott also denied that Trump had anything to do with the movement. Don t tell me you agree with the bitherism, sir,  Reid pleaded.  Don t tell me you agree with that. Scott replied by claiming that Hillary Clinton started the birther movement, a notion that is totally false. And Reid shut Scott down for blatantly lying on her show. That s wrong. Even a pastor cannot make things up on this show,  she cautioned. I respect you as a pastor, but you re not going to come on and make things up. Here s the video via MSNBC.Donald Trump is desperately trying to save his flailing campaign and that s the only reason why he is making feeble attempts to court black voters now. If he really cared about black people he would have been courting them from the beginning. Instead, he has been palling around with white supremacists and encouraging violence against black protesters at his rallies. Scott can t sit there and call himself a man of God while lying through his teeth to defend a bloated racist. It s just not going to fly.Featured image via screenshot",0
4974, WATCH: Black Panelists SHUT DOWN Trump Fan For Saying Trump Is A Civil Rights Leader (VIDEO),"Donald Trump s efforts to reach out to voters of color has been going about as terrible as one might expect it to go. Kayleigh McEnany, an avid Trump supporter, took part in a panel discussion on CNN s Anderson Cooper 360   where she attempted to continue that campaign. Not surprisingly, all she did was got shut down by the black members of the panel, Bakari Sellers and Angela Rae.McEnary began the panel discussion which revolved around black issues, by shouting down the black panelists, citing statistics about black people and poverty, saying that: You might think a 27.2% poverty rate among African American individuals is a good thing but  At that point, McEnary is interrupted by Rae who insists that no one had made that claim, asking her to retract the statement.That s when the panel really began to go into melt-down. McEnery tried to position Trump as a civil rights leader who  was on the cutting edge of civil rights  because he fought for inclusiveness in his clubs. While Trump might have expanded his customer base to include black and Jewish Americans. the other panelists were not buying it for a moment that Trump was a civil rights leader.What McEnery failed to mention, but Rae didn t, is that Trump only began to allow black and Jewish Americans into his clubs after he had been sued for housing discrimination.The best moment of the panel discussion is when Rae lays her thoughts out on the matter. She does not hold back, saying: If you want Donald Trump to say something that s meaningful to black people, and I m not going to be the spokesperson for all black people tonight, but what I m going to tell you is this. Plain and simple. He can disavow his racist butler. He can apologize for those two housing discriminations from the Department of Justice. He can tell me that that Black Lives Matter protester who he said deserves to get beat up, he can retract that and apologize for that. He can tell me that he never meant to say those legal fees of that guy that punched that black man in the face at his rally, should ve happened. He can apologize for the Indian man that was thrown out of his rally today. He can apologize to the Central Park Five  Sellers interrupts to say  All five of them. for taking out that full-page ad on them   I m not done, I m just getting started and I haven t even got to last July,  Rae continues.  My only point to you is this: Donald Trump doesn t just have a messaging problem. He has a message and belief problem, Kayleigh, and he has to   he has to hear it from more than Rhinestones and Polyester, his two little imps that go out on the trail for him. You can watch the panel discussion in full.Featured image from video screenshot",0
4975, #NeverTrump GOP Rep.: ‘Not One Character Trait In Trump I’d Want My Son To Emulate’,"There has been a lot of talk about Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump s character and temperament when it comes to his being fit to serve as president. There is good reason for this, considering the unending litany of offensive things he s said and done over the last year or so during his travesty of a presidential campaign. He has accused former rival Ted Cruz s father of being in on the assassination of President John F. Kennedy, mocked a disabled reporter, accused Fox host and debate moderator Megyn Kelly of being menstrual when she challenged his derogatory comments about women, picked a fight with a Muslim military family who lost a son in the Iraq war the list literally is too long to even scratch the surface of the appalling and horrific statements here.Well, people in Trump s own party are unhappy with their standard-bearer on a pretty big level, and many are refusing to support him. Some, including a former Romney 2012 official, are even supporting Democratic nominee Hillary Clinton just to keep Trump out of office. That is how bad it is.There s now one more Republican to add to that list: Rep. Scott Rigell (R-VA). Rigell is no moderate, either. He gained his congressional seat as a Tea Partier, so he s as right wing as they come and then some. However, he simply cannot stomach Trump. Rigell has been firmly #NeverTrump for quite some time, and vocally so. In his latest blasting of his party s nominee, Rep. Rigell spoke with TIME Magazine, and said the following:Featured image via Jeff Swensen/Getty Images",0
4976, Sheriff Joe Arpaio Is FINALLY Facing Criminal Prosecution,"After 20 years of corruption, millions of dollars wasted in ethics charges, and a stain on the integrity of law enforcement, Sheriff Joe Arpaio will finally be facing criminal prosecution.After being found guilty in civil court for being in contempt of court, U.S. District Court Judge Murray Snow, a Republican appointee, recommended that prosecutors bring forth criminal charges against Arpaio, second-in-command Gerard Sheridan, and Maricopa County Sheriff s Office Captain Steve Bailey. Also recommended for prosecution is Arpaio s attorney, Michele Iafrate.Two months ago, Arpaio, Sheridan, Bailey and Iafrate were found guilty in civil court of violating court orders to halt a process used by the Maricopa County Sheriff s Office that included elements of racial profiling. Not only did the Office, at the behest of Arpaio, intentionally disregard the orders, those named in the civil suit lied about doing so, even while under oath.In his order, Snow, who wrote 22 times that the defendants had  intentionally  broke the law and court order, said:Criminal contempt serves to vindicate the Court s authority by punishing the intentional disregard for that authority.In other words: Arpaio and his thugs aren t above the law.Congratulations, Republicans, while you all were screaming  lock her up  at the RNC, one of your keynote speakers, Mr. Arpaio himself, is being dragged into court to face criminal charges.Arpaio s legal team said they of course would be appealing the decision in civil court and challenging the recommendation for criminal charges.Even with Trump on the ticket, Arpaio is in the fight of his life to retain his seat as Sheriff of Maricopa County. After seeing his support shrink in every election since his first one   1994   Arpaio faces his toughest re-election bid yet, with multiple polls showing Democratic challenger Paul Penzone ahead in the race, something that has never happened to Arpaio (and similarly with John McCain in his race against Ann Kirkpatrick).If all goes according to plan, the voters will kick Arpaio out of office and a criminal court will finally find him guilty of abusing his power. Nothing would be better than seeing Arpaio in the pink underwear in Tent City.Featured image via Alex Wong/Getty Images",0
4977," Trump To Black Voters: You’re Poor, Your Schools Suck, And You Don’t Work","Donald Trump has once again showed why he will only have white, male support. In a recent  shakeup  which entails  staying on script,  the GOP nominee made his much anticipated pitch to African American voters.And just as one would expect, it went horribly, horribly wrong.Trump actually said no joking around   that black people should vote for him because they have nothing left to lose: What do you have to lose? You re living in poverty. Your schools are no good. You have no jobs. Fifty-eight percent of your youth is unemployed. What do you have to lose? This speech was delivered in a community   Lansing, Michigan   which is 93 percent white and less than one percent black. If Trump is serious about courting black voters and sympathizing with their struggles, he should go to Harlem, Chicago, New Orleans, Detroit, and other areas where the black population is at least above 25 percent.After telling black voters that their livelihood sucks and that they all belong in low-income socio-economic conditions, Trump made the bold prediction that he, with less than three months to go until election day, would win 95 percent of the black vote. The sheer arrogance and misguided gobbledygook espoused out of his mouth should alone be the disqualifying factor.Trump is polling at 1 percent with black voters. In less than three months, he s going to have to convince 94 percent of the black population he s  with  them. Like everything else, Trump is setting himself up for failure.The man who has been sued for housing discrimination against blacks is now all of a sudden going to be their savior, just like middle class America s? The man who pointed to a random black man and screamed  look at my African American  is the one who will  produce  for the black community?Trump missed one very key (and detrimental) point in his speech: not every black person is in poverty. Not every black person goes to a broken school. Not every black person is unemployed. The dog whistle stereotypes that Trump perpetuated were not meant to showcase black plight   it was political red meat for his racist base of support.And to answer Trump s question of  what do you have to lose?  the answer is quite simple: everything.With his candidacy breathing new life into the white nationalist movement, anybody who isn t a white, Christian male has something to lose from a Trump presidency, and that especially includes African Americans.The Clinton campaign commented swiftly on Trump s racist, offensive and misleading remarks, saying:Donald Trump asks what the African American community has to lose by voting for him. The answer is everything from a man who questions the citizenship of the first African American President, courts white supremacists, and has been sued for housing discrimination against communities of color. Trump painting the entire community as living in poverty with no jobs continues to show he is completely out of touch with the African American community.Trump may have just cemented his losing streak with black voters.Featured image via Joe Readle/Getty Images",0
4978, Even Trump’s New Campaign Manager Demanded He Release His Taxes (VIDEO),"The problem with running for President in the 21st Century is that nearly everyone has a Google page or 1,000 about them, and often, video to back it up. That s the case with Kellyanne Conway, who was named Donald Trump s new campaign manager in his second attempt to shake things up.In April, Conway appeared on CNN, where host Don Lemon asked her about an  alliance  between John Kasich and Ted Cruz. Conway, who wasn t working for Trump, or apparently even supporting Trump, at the time, thought the alliance was fine, but Trump s refusal to release his taxes wasn t.Then head of a super-PAC supporting Trump rival Ted Cruz, Conway was asked in an April 25 CNN interview if the  alliance  between John Kasich and Ted Cruz was fair.  Of course it s fair game,  she said.  Oh absolutely. It s completely transparent. Donald Trump s tax returns aren t, and I would like to see those be transparent. Here s the video:And here s Donald Trump s new campaign manager in April call for Trump to release his tax returns pic.twitter.com/pIxCCm39xj  John Whitehouse (@existentialfish) August 19, 2016That wasn t the first time Conway was critical of Trump, nor was it the last. Here she is talking about Trump s damaging rhetoric: Here s Donald Trump s new campaign manager in February saying Trump s rhetoric was  unfortunate for children  pic.twitter.com/zb0LwwX5Mg  John Whitehouse (@existentialfish) August 19, 2016On Feb. 10, Conway blasted Trump s claim that he is  for the little guy,  questioning his business ethics.Trump  actually built a lot of his business on the backs of the little guy  she said on CNN, adding that Trump is known for  not paying contractors after [they have helped him] build something. She also sharply critiqued the businessman in the past over Trump University, his use of personal insults, and simply  saying things that aren t true,  the left-leaning group said.Source: The HillIn other words, it s becoming increasingly clear that Trump surrogates souls can be bought and sold, although it s not clear for how much. As for Trump, perhaps the appeal is that as a lawyer, Conway once helped Paula Jones in her sexual harassment case against Bill Clinton.Featured image via Gage Skidmore at Flickr",0
4979, The Kaiser CEO LOVES Obamacare – Thinks Aetna Did It Wrong,"You ve probably seen the headlines that Aetna, one of the largest providers in the Affordable Care Act exchanges, has pulled out. Critics of Obamacare had nothing but schadenfreude. They told us Obamacare was doomed and this was proof. As it turns out, Aetna s move was less about the viability of Obamacare (as they claimed) than about a personal and political vendetta against the President, whose administration denied a merger between Aetna and Humana.The CEO of one of the largest providers in the network thinks Aetna is completely wrong. Bernard Tyson of Kaiser Permanente thinks Obamacare has been great for his bottom line and that if Aetna was in fact losing money, it was because they were bad at managing it.Tyson does understand that it s a tough market. People have been sicker than anticipated, which makes sense. If you give millions of people who haven t been able to afford medical care medical care, it will take a few years to bring their health up to that of people who have had insurance. Congress hasn t helped either. Republicans have blocked the assistance that was being offered to the insurance companies to help with the transition.But, according to Tyson, that DOES NOT mean that Obamacare is a failure. The idea that I would turn my back on a segment of the American population who really needs the coverage and the care I m in for the long haul,  Tyson said.  And I m cautiously optimistic that at some point, we begin to make sure we have the right regulations, meaning oversight, to make sure the market is behaving like it was intended. Kaiser has made a  slight margin  overall on its ACA plans, Tyson said. Centene Corp., Molina Healthcare and Blue Cross and Blue Shield of Florida similarly have found ways to make money on the exchanges. Narrow networks of hospital and doctors, as well as high deductibles, have worked for Medicaid plans like Centene and Molina. Florida Blue has relied on higher premiums than its peers.Source: Modern Health Care</blockquote>Another problem is that the insurers themselves may be pricing themselves out of the market because of the *drum roll* free market. There were conscious decisions made in the pricing of the product when it first started that did not hold logic to the marketplace,  Tyson said.  This is not rocket science. There s a pool of people to take care of, there s an underwriting process, and there were decisions made that   I m going to consciously underprice, and what I m going to do is gain market share and over time it s going to work itself out. Here s the full interview. It s quite interesting, and if you live in a Kaiser market, it might be worth supporting them:Featured image via video screen capture. ",0
4980, Democrats Are Pushing A Bill On Tax Returns That Has Donald Trump Scared Sh*tless,"What is the one thing that might actually scare Donald Trump? That s right   the prospect of releasing his tax returns has him terrified. The mere thought of making them public, just as every single presidential candidate in recent memory has done, is more abhorrent to him than his sexual obsession with his daughter is to the rest of us. But unfortunately for The Donald, he may not have a choice in the matter if Senate Democrats have their way.The Connecticut Mirror reports that Senators Chris Murphy and Ron Wyden have come up with a solution to Trump s nonsensical refusal to be honest with the American people about his taxes   something even George W. Bush was able to accomplish:Partnering with fellow Democratic Sen. Ron Wyden, D-Ore., Murphy on Thursday pressed for votes for a bill that would require all presidential candidates from major parties to make public their tax returns within two weeks of their parties  national conventions. The effort is part of a renewed Democratic campaign over Trump s tax filings.In keeping his tax returns under wraps, Murphy said Trump is violating a  40-year-standard of campaign transparency and may even be running for president to change tax laws that benefit his companies. This is an extraordinary moment in which the candidate may be seeking the presidency to protect his investments,  Murphy says of his effort.What is Trump hiding?  Many people are saying  he has made substantial donations to NAMBLA   the North American Man-Boy Love Association   he does not want to become public. While this is a long-shot, as the organization is not actually tax exempt and would not show up on Trump s tax returns, it is clear that he fears their release. In any case, the  Presidential Tax Transparency Act  would let the public know all of Trump s dirty little tax secrets he desperately wants to keep hidden.In fact, it would force the FEC to post candidates  returns on the official website for all to see anytime they wish if the candidate did not voluntarily disclose them within two weeks of their party s national conventions.So far the bill only has five co-sponsors, including Tim Kaine, but the idea seems popular.Not only would this be a great idea, but it would lead to the most hilariously humiliating concession speech one can imagine.Featured image via Getty Images/Brian Bianco",0
4981, Trump Kicks His Own Teen Supporter Out Of Rally ‘For Having Dark Skin’ (VIDEO/IMAGE),"It s no secret that Donald Trump has a hard time with not only attracting minority voters, but also the votes of millenials that have grown up in a less racist, more diverse and accepting country than the America that Trump wants to enforce if he wins this election.But there are still young voters that are attracted to Trump, like 18-year-old Jake Anantha from Charlotte, North Carolina. Rather than be thankful for Anantha s support at a time when Trump is basically dying in the polls, the Trump campaign decided to kick this young Republican out of a rally on Thursday because he wasn t white.Jake was more than excited to attend Trump s event and give Trump his first primary vote. He was even wearing a Trump shirt to the rally, but his joy quickly left him when he was removed by police from the Charlotte Convention Center because the Trump campaign had accused him of being a protester. Jake s only  offense  was  having dark skin,  according to Ramesh Anantha, Jake s father.Ramesh complained that as a young person of color, his son should have been been treated with respect   especially since Trump s rally was about supporting minorities. Ramesh, whose parents immigrated from India, said, It s unbelievably ironic  and argues that his son should have been looked at as a perfect Trump supporter. He should have been somebody they re putting up on stage. Screenshot of Jake being removed by securityAccording to the young supporter himself, this incident has changed his mind about supporting Trump, now that his campaign s true colors have shown. In an interview on Friday, Jake said that initially, he didn t mind Trump s brash campaign: When I saw him on TV, I personally didn t mind his rhetoric. I defended him. When people called him a racist, I said he s a critic of our flawed immigration system. He s strong on Islamic terrorism. Jake had gotten to the rally early and was able to get a position near the stage. He was just standing there innocently minding his own business when security tapped him on the shoulder and tried to escort him out. They said, We know who you are. You ve been at many other rallies. Jake tried to object and plea that it had been his first Trump rally and was not a protester, but police removed him anyway. The event had been private, so Trump s staff had full control over who could attend   and Jake was apparently not white enough. Forced to stay outside the Convention Center or risk being arrested, Jake watched white people enter the rally effortlessly. He said: I thought (Trump) was for all people. I don t believe he is for all people anymore. Why are all these white people allowed to attend and I m not? The Trump campaign has failed to apologize to Jake, and the young voter says that this incident has made him change his mind about Trump. He is now planning to vote for Libertarian Gary Johnson.Jake was not the only minority to be ejected from this event. Rose Hamid, a Muslim who was peacefully protesting by handing out flower pens, was also removed when Jake was taken out of the rally. You can watch a video of Jake and Rose being removed below:Featured image via Mark Wallheiser / Getty Images",0
4982, Louisiana Governor Blasts Trump Over His Photo-Op Exploitation,"While Republicans try to make Louisiana s deadly floods  Obama s Katrina,  there is only one person getting flack for being a raging opportunist   you guessed it   Donald Trump.Louisiana s Democratic governor, John Bel Edwards, blasted the Republican nominee for president after he showed up to Louisiana for a photo opportunity. While citizens are dying and being displaced by the thousands, Trump has decided he would exploit the carnage in an attempt to undermine President Obama.Remember when President Obama was chided by the GOP for not calling Gov. Rick Scott for two days after the Orlando massacre? Well, flooding has been going on in Louisiana for a week and still, Donald Trump has not reached out to the governor or any state leader tasked with handling the crisis. A spokesman for the governor pointed out:Donald Trump hasn t called the governor to inform him of his visit. We welcome him to LA but not for a photo-op. Instead we hope he ll consider volunteering or making a sizable donation to the LA Flood Relief Fund to help the victims of the storm.Trump, the self described billionaire and charitable man, should donate.While Republicans continue to bash President Obama, Edwards has gone on the record asking that President Obama not travel to Louisiana for at least a week until the state is more secure   out of respect and timeliness of those working to aid the state.Trump s newest campaign manager Kellyanne Conway said the trip is  a decidedly nonpolitical event, no press allowed, going to help people on the ground who are in need. And what did Trump do as soon as she said that? He took questions from the press and said President Obama would rather play golf than help those affected in Louisiana. Even though President Obama has secured the relief funds for the state and has expressed his support and thoughts for those affected, the Trump train has decided to use the opportunity to smear him and once again make Trump look like the unsung hero of the day.So much for no media and not being political.Once again, Trump is exploiting and using people s pain for personal gain. He s done that his entire life, so why stop now.Featured image via Joshua Lott/Getty Images",0
4983," Republican Lindsey Graham LOSES IT, Blames Trump For GOP’s ‘Death Spiral’","Sen. Lindsey Graham (R-SC) has been worried about the mayhem Donald Trump was going to subject the GOP to since the very start of his campaign, and now that Trump is failing miserably in the polls, Graham is afraid the Republican Party could lose the majority in the U.S. Senate.According to a New York Times article, Graham unleashed on Trump, who he says is in a self-created  death spiral  and continues to bring the GOP down with him. Graham, who is not supporting Trump, said: People are getting pretty nervous about our candidates because he s in a death spiral here and nobody knows where the bottom is at. And although Trump is choosing to live in denial about the fact that Hillary Clinton is leading him by so much that it would be nearly impossible for Republican candidates to survive, Graham is well aware of what is at stake. However, Graham says that it might be dangerous for the GOP to disavow Trump this far into the presidential race because it might discourage conservatives from showing up at the polls at all. Graham said: It s going to be like  Weekend at Bernie s    you got to make him look alive, even if he s not. After Trump had a few weeks of spewing some of the most offensive, controversial comments he d ever made, the presidential nominee made some massive changes to his campaign, although it s probably too late. Earlier this week, Graham said that Trump had alienated voters so much that he stands no chance against Clinton in November, no matter what he does. Graham said: Mitt Romney got 27 percent of the Hispanic vote. By 2050, a majority of the country will be African-American, Hispanic, Asian and others, and we re losing demographically. We ve gone from 44 percent with Bush to 27 percent with Romney, and I don t think Donald Trump s gonna get 20 percent. Graham s right. Currently, Trump is only polling at 2% with African American voters   and don t expect the Hispanic population, whom Trump offended several times earlier this year, to be any more promising. Trump has single-handedly destroyed the GOP, and Graham knows it may never fully recover.Featured image via Justin Sullivan / Getty Images",0
4984, Donald Trump Gets Mercilessly Mocked For Calling His Pathetic Apology A ‘Great Success’,"Donald Trump thinks his  apology  was a  great success,  and he just got owned on Twitter for it.During a speech in North Carolina on Thursday, the Republican nominee claimed to  regret  some of the things he has said during his campaign. Sometimes, in the heat of the debate and speaking on a multitude of issues, you don t choose the right words or you say the wrong thing. I have done that, and I regret it, particularly where it may have caused personal pain. Too much is at stake for us to be consumed with these issues. But, this is Donald Trump, so of course he backtracked on that moments later. In this journey, I will never lie to you. I will never tell you something I do not believe myself. I will never put anyone s interests ahead of yours. Trump then took to Twitter to tout his speech as a  great success. The reporting at the failing @nytimes gets worse and worse by the day. Fortunately, it is a dying newspaper.  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) August 19, 2016And he was thoroughly destroyed for it. @realDonaldTrump Low energy tweet!  Mike Elgan (@MikeElgan) August 19, 2016@realDonaldTrump Says who?  Sahil Lavingia (@shl) August 19, 2016 @realDonaldTrump pic.twitter.com/sfwBD3oUd7  dan rolle (@danrolle) August 19, 2016@realDonaldTrump Many people are saying New Trump is like New Coke; leaves a bad taste and is a complete failure.  Sonny Burnett (@SonnyUndercover) August 19, 2016 @realDonaldTrump Donald, is this how you appeal to African Americans? https://t.co/Na9nxHSgEG  Nathan Bernard (@nathanTbernard) August 19, 2016@realDonaldTrump Our boss s use of  wrong words  goes back a long way. Strange the  regret  only appeared this week! pic.twitter.com/wPSY8zPmZd  Trump University (@trumpUni) August 19, 2016 @realDonaldTrump An  extremely credible source  has called our office & told us that your  apology  is a fraud pic.twitter.com/BwWr8GFeQT  Trump University (@trumpUni) August 19, 2016@AP Yep. Another pitiful attempt to alter the optics of this disgraceful campaign. After once again shuffling the staff, of course.  tyler easter (@tylerOeaster) August 19, 2016 @AP it wasn t an apology I didn t hear the words I apologize did you???? What exactly does he regret??? I ll wait  PhenomenalWoman (@1nePhenomenalMe) August 19, 2016@AP pic.twitter.com/Mf8jQU6IsF  Preston Porter (@pr3ston) August 19, 2016 @AP @YouTube Trump is pandering for votes because he knows he is losing. His mouth is his Waterloo! NO one to blame but himself! No vote!  Bahia Wilson (@bahiawilson) August 19, 2016@realDonaldTrump That speech was NOT a great success. What, exactly, do you have  regrets  about?  @PeggyBrava  (@PeggyBrava) August 19, 2016 @realDonaldTrump If they hand these gizmos out at the door, you re screwed. pic.twitter.com/zBVvan4s86  Butch McLarty (@ButchyMcLarty) August 19, 2016Donald Trump s  apology  is nothing but a sham in desperation to reverse his plummeting poll numbers. The damage has already been done and Trump has no one to blame but himself.Featured Image: Spencer Platt/Getty Images",0
4985, Hillary Just Issued A Devastating Response To Trump’s Pathetic Apology,"Donald Trump has made it a point of his campaign to never apologize for anything, but he poorly tried to do exactly that on Thursday and Hillary Clinton nailed him for it. Sometimes, in the heat of the debate and speaking on a multitude of issues, you don t choose the right words or you say the wrong thing,  Trump told an audience in North Carolina.  I have done that, and I regret it, particularly where it may have caused personal pain. Too much is at stake for us to be consumed with these issues. But then he turned around and wiped that apology away by claiming that he will never lie to his supporters and that he will will always put their interests first. In this journey, I will never lie to you. I will never tell you something I do not believe myself. I will never put anyone s interests ahead of yours. But Hillary Clinton did not let the Republican nominee get away with making a false apology.Her campaign issued a statement in response and it s absolutely perfect. Donald Trump literally started his campaign by insulting people,  the statement reads. He has continued to do so through each of the 428 days from then until now, without shame or regret. We learned tonight that his speechwriter and teleprompter knows he has much for which he should apologize. But that apology tonight is simply a well-written phrase until he tells us which of his many offensive, bullying and divisive comments he regrets and changes his tune altogether. The statement then goes on give a list of examples of all the groups Trump has insulted complete with citations. Then it lists Trump  past record of regret. On attacking the Khans, a Gold Star family: I don t regret anything. On assailing the ethics and motives of Judge Curiel:Asked if he regretted making his criticism of the judge personal,Trump said his side had been treated very unfairly.On calling immigrants rapists: No, I don t apologize. On mocking a reporter with a disability:Trump denied he had mocked the reporter and demanded his own apology.This is a fake apology by Trump. He s had more than a year s worth of opportunities to sincerely apologize for the horrible things he has said but he has only doubled down. He cannot possibly expect that this one sorry excuse for an apology will cover all of the harmful words he has vomited over the last year and two months since his campaign began. Nor should he expect it to be blindly accepted.It is said that it is  better late than never  but in this case it is too late. This slate cannot be wiped clean. Trump owes a personal apology to all the people he has demeaned, threatened, and mocked.The Republican Party needs to be held accountable for making Trump their leader and Trump needs to face actual consequences for all the bullshit he has spewed. That punishment and accountability can only come in one way. Americans need to vote on Election Day in November and send a clear message to Trump and the GOP. And that means a landslide victory for Democrats.Featured image via Getty Images",0
4986," Fmr. Romney Campaign Chair Breaks Ranks, Gives Full-Throated Endorsement Of Clinton","Former Republican presidential candidate Mitt Romney has been openly critical of Donald Trump, and of the Republican Party s continued support of the bombastic billionaire for president. Now, one of his former campaign operatives has written a stunning op-ed in which he roundly trashed Donald Trump and gave a rather glowing endorsement of Democratic nominee Hillary Clinton. That man is David Nierenberg, Romney s former finance chair. The piece appeared on CNBC s website. Nierenberg says of Hillary Clinton: Hillary Clinton knows her stuff. She is emotionally mature and centered. She respects and enjoys working with people from all backgrounds.She has the diplomatic skills needed to break the gridlock in Washington and lead our country well. America needs a steady hand on the tiller. Despite being a Republican with ties to Mitt Romney dating back to 2006, Nierenberg had this to say about his party s current standard-bearer: Trump is the most dangerous major party presidential candidate in my lifetime, maybe in American history. His character, temperament and behavior are definitely not presidential.I don t think he s fit to be our president. He speaks positively about foreign dictators and acts like one himself.This year, however, watching and listening to Donald Trump s erratic daily bullying, ranting, bragging, scapegoating and name-calling, my conscience and my three adult children will not let me vote for him. Nierenberg also joined the call for Trump to release his tax returns. He said: For decades, candidates, including successful business people, have released their tax returns; why does Trump think he shouldn t follow the rules of the game? Defeating him has to be our national priority. He is exactly right. This is a time to put party before country. This is no longer about left versus right, Republicans versus Democrats. This is about having one candidate in what is, for all intents and purposes, a two-party political system who is qualified versus one who is a dangerously unfit demagogue. The choice is ours, America. Put party before country and vote blue in November.Featured image via Instagram",0
4987, NYC Parks And Rec. BRUTALLY Mocks Trump As They Remove Naked Statue Of Him (IMAGE),"As was reported earlier, statues of a naked Donald Trump have been appearing all over the country.The artists that put them up had this to say about the installations: It is through these sculptures that we leave behind the physical and metaphorical embodiment of the ghastly soul of one of America s most infamous and reviled politicians. Ain t that the truth, and interestingly enough, their depiction of the real estate mogul/reality television star/egomaniac is likely remarkably lifelike.Take a look at the sculpture as it was in New York City s Union Square earlier on Thursday:s/o to whoever installed this Trump statue in Union Square last night pic.twitter.com/Cldd4qkgyI  JamesMichael Nichols (@jamesmichael) August 18, 2016Clearly kinda sorta inappropriate, yet still very entertaining and hilarious.However, knowing it really couldn t stay where it was, New York City s Parks and Recreation Department issued this hilarious statement: NYC Parks stands firmly against any unpermitted erection in city parks, no matter how small. Nude Donald Trump statue removed from NYC's Union Square. https://t.co/hRB03MsY0G pic.twitter.com/uCyZAxztm7  The Associated Press (@AP) August 18, 2016BOOM! HA!Now, one could say this sort of remark from a city s Parks and Rec. department and especially from the city where Trump is from, is kind of a slap in the face. However, with Trump s clear narcissism, need for constant attention, and always talking how his plans are the biggest and the best, it s pretty obvious he s overcompensating for something. What that something is, who s to know, but the artists of this installation seem to have a pretty good idea.Featured Photo by Spencer Platt/Getty Images",0
4988," White Supremacist Stabbed Interracial Couple, Wanted To Go To Trump Rally","An interracial couple in Olympia, Washington, was stabbed by a man sporting white supremacist tattoos and markings. The attacker appeared to have racist feelings and spoke out against Black Lives Matter, according to an account of his questioning by police.The accused, 32-year-old Daniel Rowe, had tattoos on his body reading  skinhead,   white power,  and in the shape of the Confederate flag. The man in the couple he went after sustained non-life threatening injuries while the woman was grazed by his knife in the attack.Upon his arrest, Rowe allegedly told police that he had gone downtown after hearing about anti-police graffiti that had been put up Sunday night, according to court documents. He reportedly told police that if he were let go, he would head to a Donald Trump rally and stomp out more of the Black Lives Matter group. This has all the hallmarks of a hate crime,  said Deputy Prosecutor Joseph Wheeler. This black-and-white couple was simply expressing their love for one another,  he added.Black Lives Matter has been demonized both by conservative politicians and right-wing media like Fox News Channel, where host Bill O Reilly has compared the movement to the Ku Klux Klan.This is not the first apparent hate crime to be connected to Trump s campaign. In addition to various non-criminal incidents around the country, a Latino man in Massachusetts was beaten up by Trump fans as they cited the candidate and discussed deporting him.Trump himself has directed his rally attendees to be violent towards protesters, including those there on behalf of Black Lives Matter. Trump publicly offered to pay the legal bills for one man who punched a protester, and cheered on the idea of punching people who disrupt his events.By comparison, Hillary Clinton has said  black lives matter,  and has featured mothers who have lost a child as a result of police brutality as part of her campaign as the  Mothers of the Movement.  They spoke at the Democratic National Convention in Philadelphia this summer.Featured image via screen capture",0
4989, Donald Trump Gives His First Apology Ever And Swears He’d ‘Never Lie To You’,"Donald Trump gave his first ever apology on Thursday. It was half-assed and the work of a teleprompter, but regardless, he did manage to spit out the words. The Republican nominee told the crowd at a rally in Charlotte, North Carolina that he  regrets it  if he at times has said the  wrong thing  and  caused personal pain.  At the same time, he said that this should all be excused and ignored because  too much is at stake. As you know, I am not a politician. I have worked in business, creating jobs and rebuilding neighborhoods my entire adult life. I ve never wanted to learn the language of the insiders, and I ve never been politically correct   it takes far too much time, and can often make it more difficult to achieve total victory.Sometimes, in the heat of the debate and speaking on a multitude of issues, you don t choose the right words or you say the wrong thing. I have done that, and I regret it, particularly where it may have caused personal pain. Too much is at stake for us to be consumed with these issues. Trump then attacked the honesty of his rival, Hillary Clinton, and swore that he would  never lie  and would always put the interests of his voters first. In this journey, I will never lie to you,  Trump promised the crowd. I will never tell you something I do not believe myself. I will never put anyone s interests ahead of yours.Trump said that Clinton  has proven to be one of the greatest liars of all time,  which is particularly ironic coming from a man who was awarded Lie of the Year by Politifact in 2015. So while sometimes I can be too honest, Hillary Clinton is the exact opposite: she never tells the truth. One lie after another, and getting worse each passing day,  he said.So those  wrong things  he has said, the ones he regrets so much, like when he said that all Mexicans are rapists. Yeah, well, that was just him being  too honest.  What a great apology. The best apology.Featured image via video screen capture",0
4990, Trump Fans Threaten Jewelers Who Donated Ivanka Money To Hillary: ‘Karma’s A B*tch!’,"Jewelry designers Jill Martinelli and Sabine Le Guyader of Lady Grey in Brooklyn left Ivanka Trump a note with her recent purchase. Let s just say the two designers aren t fans of her father s. In the note, the two thanked her for her order but added that they were donating the proceeds to the American Immigration Council, the Everytown for Gun Safety organization and the Hillary Clinton campaign.The handwritten note was signed,  Best, Jill + Sabine,  with the Instagram photo of the letter captioned,  Dear @ivankatrump, #thanksbutnothanks #payitFORWARD. While we were flattered to receive an order from Ivanka Trump, our social and political views couldn t be further from those of the Trump campaign,  Marinelli told The Cut.  When we received her order, we instantly felt compelled to take the money and donate it to a few organizations that were more aligned with our ideals. That was too much for Trump fans to handle so they besieged Lady Grey s Instagram and Facebook pages.One commenter went there, stating,  Your company is f*cked!! Loooooosers ! Say buh bye to your company,  wrote ilianaruizjcj on Instagram.Duke7045 wrote (in Conservative caps),  DISGUSTING ASSHOLES!!! HOPE YOU GO BANKRUPT SOON!!! WAIT TILL TRUMP BECOMES PRESIDENT. Brag it up!! Very poor business choice! Your company is fucked!!,  fearss33 wrote.From there, things got worse: Disgusting! Keep your political views to yourself. Run your business with class. Hope you loose [sic] lots of money from being so ignorant,  added valleygrrrl, with another commenter chiming in,  I m utterly in shock of your display of professionalism. I hate to, no actually ladies I m not afraid to say but karma is a b*tch and I know it will come back to hurt you. A really chill guy on Facebook, JJ Lars, wrote,   F*cking worthless c*ck suckers! Laura Fleckenstein wrote,  I just sent them about 100 emails. Block up there [sic] business. Susan Phipps went all caps and typos on Lady Grey, writing: EVERYONE BOYCOTT LADY GREY..WE HAVE NEVER OF HEARD OF THIS CHEAP UGLY JEWELRY.. BUT WHAT FEW CUSTOMERS THEY DO HAVE NEED TO BOYCOTT..RUDE..DISREPECTFUL UNGRATEFUL BUSINESS..AND REALLY UGLY JEWELRY! IT MUST BE HARD FOR THOSE WHO WROTE THIS LETTER TO BE SO JEALOUS OF A RICH..SUCCESSFUL..BEAUTIFULWOMAN LIKE IVANKA WHO IS LOVED BY MILLIONS! #boycottladygrey Sky Roxy wrote,  What a bunch of fucking idiots I hope your business goes down . Disrespectful distasteful bitches you guys are. Marina Farra Swiatek-Barnett wrote,  Karma is a Bitch.  The note from Lady Grey on Instagram: Dear @ivankatrump, #thanksbutnothanks #payitFORWARD  A photo posted by Lady Grey Jewelry (@ladygreyjewelry) on Aug 16, 2016 at 12:15pm PDTThe audacity of these two women to donate money to worthy causes as well as their choice for president. As of now, there are over 5,500 comments on Facebook, most of them from Trump supporters.Photo by Joe Raedle via Getty. ",0
4991, WATCH: Trump’s Desperate Spokeswoman Pushes Hillary Brain Disease Conspiracy,"Katrina Pierson, Donald Trump s official campaign spokeswoman who appears to have a permanent spot in front of a cable news camera, added to her long list of bizarre claims and blatantly false lies by alleging that Hillary Clinton has a brain disease.Pierson threw out the conspiracy theory on MSNBC on Thursday evening.Speaking on MSNBC, Katrina Pierson alleged that Clinton has a disorder called dysphasia, a condition brought on by brain trauma that erodes a person s ability to speak or comprehend language. What s new are the other reports or observations of Hillary Clinton s behavior or mannerisms   as well as her dysphasia, the fact that she s fallen, she has had a concussion, there are really interesting things out there,  Pierson said.The Trump campaign has been echoing conspiracy theorists like radio host Alex Jones (who believes 9/11 was an  inside job  by the government) and Republican dirty trickster Roger Stone (he thinks that LBJ had John F. Kennedy killed) for the last few months. And Trump of course was the lead spokesperson for the birther conspiracy theory that alleges that President Obama was not born in America.Along with these conspiracy theorists, right wing media outlets like the Drudge Report and Fox News  Sean Hannity have been presenting a pile of false claims that Clinton s health is weak.Months ago, her campaign released a medical assessment from Clinton s doctor and found the former Secretary of State in good health. By comparison, the Trump campaign s health document was widely ridiculed at the time, as its hyperbolic language seemed to have come from Trump himself, and not a reputable doctor.The wild theories about Clinton s health have coincided with Trump s drop in the polls, as he has plummeted to be anywhere from 4-15 percent behind Clinton nationally. He is even tied or very close to her in multiple  red  states that have been easily won by previous Republican candidates like Mitt Romney and John McCain, including Georgia, Missouri, and even Texas.So more conspiracies can be expected.Featured image via YouTube",0
4992, Anti-Trump Group Has Placed DETAILED Statues Of Him In 5 U.S. Cities (VIDEO),"Statues of Donald Trump have appeared in five cities across the country, and it s clear that they re not meant to honor him. They re almost caricatures, and they portray him stark naked in a rather ahem insulting way. The intent is essentially to unmask Trump, and portray him as the disgusting little prick he is.The statues were placed in L.A., San Francisco, Seattle, Cleveland and New York City. The one in New York City was quickly removed, but ABC 7 Chicago reports that the West Coast statues still stand. An activist group known as INDECLINE, which speaks out against Trump, issued a statement claiming responsibility for the works of art. They said their hope is that Trump  is never installed in the most powerful political and military position in the world. They also said: It is through these sculptures that we leave behind the physical and metaphorical embodiment of the ghastly soul of one of America s most infamous and reviled politicians. On their website, INDECLINE calls this particular protest  The Emperor Has No Balls,  and they ve made it very clear on the statues that they see Trump as the ball-less wonder of the GOP. A three-minute video on their website shows exactly how they made the statues, complete with sound bytes of some of the worst things Trump has said in his speeches. You can watch the video below, if you can bear it (warning: Explicit imagery, very NSFW):The Trump campaign didn t comment on the statues, but that may change at some point. Trump can t stand being portrayed in a bad light, and these statues make him look very bad, indeed.Nude statue of Donald Trump appears on Los Feliz sidewalk https://t.co/65Ot7SDqs6 pic.twitter.com/8scXOCwjFR  ABC7 Eyewitness News (@ABC7) August 18, 2016",0
4993," Trump Just Got Fined $10,000 For Improperly Using Trump Tower For Campaign Events","Donald Trump just got fined $10,000 for improperly using the atrium of Trump Tower for campaign events, which violated an agreement between Trump and the city that is meant to preserve public space.The public atrium of Trump Tower was repeatedly closed for the Republican nominee s campaign events, which ultimately resulted in an investigation by the New York City Department of Buildings. In New York City, it is common for buildings to have public atriums. This is done in an effort to preserve public space as developers continue to build office and residential buildings larger and larger.In June of this year, Trump couldn t be bothered to take the time out of his busy schedule to show up for a court hearing about a bench that was removed from the atrium of Trump Tower. As a result, he was smacked with a $10,000 fine.According to the Wall Street Journal, the bench in question was part of a public space agreement between Trump and the city.In January, the city ordered Trump Tower Commercial LLC to remove two Trump Store kiosks from the atrium of Trump Tower. One of these two kiosks sold campaign merchandise and accepted donations to Trump s campaign.The New York City Department of Buildings issued a statement regarding the $10,000 fine.The building owner removed kiosks and replaced a bench that s required to be in the atrium. However, the owner must still pay the $10,000 penalty levied earlier this year.Trump certainly seems to have a hard time following rules. As a narcissist, he tends to think that he is above the law and that the rules don t apply to him. He truly believes that he can just do whatever the hell he pleases. But it looks like the city of New York thinks otherwise. Unfortunately, it is unlikely that even a $10,000 bill will help that message to sink in.Featured image via Joe Raedle/Getty Images",0
4994, GOP Starts OPENLY Admitting That They Royally Screwed Themselves Over By Choosing Trump,"Trump s appointment of Breitbart chief Steve Bannon, along with his decision to have at least two people at the top of his campaign who will let him run amok, has further frightened and infuriated Republicans to the point where they re finally seeing reality about the candidate they put at the top of their ticket. As the layers of their delusions continue to be peeled back, former Minnesota Rep. Vin Weber says: Look, we are in a terrible position. The Republican Party has made a mistake of historic proportion and when you do that, you find yourself in a place with no good solutions. Trump s idiocy has started to affect down-ticket races all across the country, particularly in the Senate. Senators in tight races saw their numbers drop considerably between August 3 and August 15. This is good news for Democrats, but the GOP s continued insistence that Trump will, ultimately, work for them is rapidly becoming a pipe dream.It s hard to feel sorry for them over that, though, because they re the ones who stuck themselves with a candidate who can t even run a cohesive campaign. In fact, Weber sees conniving manipulation in Trump s decision to have three people managing his campaign: We now have a CEO, a campaign chairman and a campaign manager. That tells me that no one is in charge of this campaign. Trump is playing these three people against each other. Indeed, since the campaign manager is still Paul Manafort, Trump could be playing him against the other two. When Manafort replaced Corey Lewandowski as campaign manager back in June, everyone saw it as a sign that Trump was ready to take on the mantle of campaigning for the general election. They expected a pivot, effected in part by Manafort.But he s not pivoting, and he won t. Manafort failed miserably there. Since Trump s strategy of alienation worked so well during the primaries, he can t see any reason at all to change: I am who I am. It s me. I don t want to change. Everyone talks about  oh are you gonna pivot?  I don t want to pivot. I mean you have to be you. If you start pivoting, you are not being honest with people. That s a laugh coming from the man who spreads lies as easily as people spread the common cold. It s even sillier coming from someone who s trailing so badly in the polls that he s reduced to tweeting the ones where he s only a couple of points behind Hillary.His campaign is quickly becoming the only Republican entity that s still mired in the delusion that he can win anything at all. Hell has frozen over: The GOP is starting to admit, outright, that they fucked themselves sideways with a rusty chainsaw in nominating Donald Trump for president.Featured image via Ralph Freso/Getty Images",0
4995, FBI Warns Republicans: Do Not Leak Clinton Email Files,"It s no secret Republicans are salivating to find something, anything, to take down Hillary Clinton. The idea of a third term for Democrats (at the hands of an accomplished woman) scares the hell out of them. So they do what they do best: lie, cheat, smear and bog down with endless investigations.Now that the FBI and the Department of Justice have cleared Clinton of any criminal wrongdoing, Republicans are once again faced with nowhere to go. They have hit a wall when it comes to pinning criminal charges on Clinton, who is increasing her chances of becoming America s next president.As part of a usual maneuver of transparency, the FBI handed over to members of Congress documents detailing  witness interview reports, including that of Secretary Clinton s interview, along with other materials from the FBI s now closed investigative file  in regards to her email controversy.In the age of the internet, it is almost guaranteed that whenever Congress gets their hands on anything potentially incriminating, embarrassing or politically expedient, it s leaked to the public. Both sides do it for different reasons, some for nefarious reasons, and others as a public service.But this situation is different. Republicans are hoping to use evidence in these documents as a  smoking gun  for the court of public opinion since their desire for indictment in a court of law fell flat. But there s one harbinger to this: many of these documents are deemed classified and confidential. And should any Republican, at the behest of their staff or them personally, feel compelled to leak the information provided, the FBI released a statement reminding them of what they are messing with:Consistent with our commitment to transparency with respect to the FBI s investigation to former Secretary of State Clinton s use of a personal server, the FBI is providing certain relevant materials to appropriate congressional committees assist them in their oversight responsibilities in this matter. The material contains classified and other sensitive information and is being provided with the expectation it will not be disseminated or disclosed without FBI concurrence.Should someone from Capitol Hill leak the information, prosecution could be pursued. And should a Republican be stupid enough to allow such a leak, their moral high ground argument that Clinton was reckless with handling classified information would be completely and utterly decimated.While Republicans are hoping to be selective in their  discoveries,  the Clinton campaign has announced that they want all the documents pertaining to the investigation to be released, as to stave off biased selection of information at the hands of a bloodthirsty GOP:This is an extraordinarily rare step that was sought solely by Republicans for the purposes of further second-guessing the career professionals at the FBI. We believe that if these materials are going to be shared outside the Justice Department, they should be released widely so that the public can see them for themselves, rather than allow Republicans to mischaracterize them through selective, partisan leaks.While Trump continues to put off releasing his much anticipated tax returns, the Clinton campaign is calling for near-total transparency of the facts surrounding what is arguably the dumbest  scandal  she has been linked to.Be careful Republicans. Everything you ve worked for could come crashing down should a giddy staffer decide to be a  conservative hero  and leak information.Featured image via Mark Mekela/Getty Images",0
4996, Justice Department Announces It Will No Longer Use Private Prisons,"Republicans are about to lose a huge source of funding as the Justice Department announces it will phase out its usage of the highly controversial (and highly racist) use of the private prison complex.The DOJ, under the leadership of Loretta Lynch, made the determination after evidence from the Inspector General s office showed private systems were less safe and less effective than state/government run facilities. Consequently, the DOJ has instructed all government contractors not to renew contracts with any private prison operations and to  substantially reduce  already existing contracts.In a statement, Deputy Attorney General Sally Yates highlighting the many faults plaguing the private system: They simply do not provide the same level of correctional services, programs, and resources; they do not save substantially on costs; and as noted in a recent report by the Department s Office of Inspector General, they do not maintain the same level of safety and security. Another cause for the discontinuation of the private system was the decline of America s prison population, which once exploded in the late 1990s and early 2000s. As recently as 10 years ago, the Department of Justice, under the Bush Administration, began contracting with private prisons to contain a population made up of seemingly petty crimes that disproportionally affected blacks and other minorities.In total, these 13 private prisons across the country will be losing their government contracts, putting a severe dent in their funding. Considering the report also detailed higher levels of assault   both by inmates and staff   and higher rates of contraband, this is a perfect example of wasteful spending Republicans are always decrying. Luckily, the Obama Administration recognizes this and is taking care of it, all without the help of the GOP.Currently, private prisons account for 12 percent of the nation s prison population at just over 22,000 inmates. According to Corrections Corporation America, the United States spent $639 million on private prisons in the 2014-2015 fiscal budget.Once again, the Obama Administration is cleaning up a big mess made by President Bush.A dark stain on modern America is finally breaking apart. Private prisons, a staple in the age of modern Jim Crow, have outlived their use (if they were ever useful in the first place). The Justice Department s decision to end its contractual obligations is a huge step in the right direction, but it remains to be seen if states like Arizona, who put funding for prisons over education, will follow the lead.Featured image via Allison Shelley/Getty Images",0
4997, WATCH: S.E. Cupp Destroys Trump Adviser’s ‘Fantasy’ That Women Support Donald Trump,"A pawn working for Donald Trump claimed that women respect and are voting for the Republican nominee in November, and S.E. Cupp took her to the woodshed for it.During a panel discussion on CNN with Carol Costello, Cupp began by explaining the stark reality that the only voters Trump can count on right now are old white men, which is not nearly enough to catapult him to victory over Hillary Clinton. There s no outreach anymore,  Cupp said.  It s as if he s given up on them. And I just wonder if there are enough old male guy  old white guys in the country to elect him. I don t think so. But Trump supporter Tana Goertz, who appeared on the Donald s reality show The Apprentice, made the absurd claim that not only is Trump s campaign reaching out to women but that the effort is succeeding. How?  Cupp asked.  No you re not, actually you re not,  she continued.  There s math. There s polls. Indeed, polls show Trump is getting destroyed by Hillary Clinton right now and women are leading the way. Over 70 percent of women view Trump unfavorably and if the election were held today Hillary would win a higher percentage of women than President Obama did in 2012.But Goertz continued to pretend that their effort is working, citing her role in the campaign as proof. Oh, really? Oh, I m sorry, I m on the campaign and I m actually part of the women s initiative, so that s weird,  Goretz said, which drew a truthful jab from Cupp: There s polls that show you re not reaching women. That s just math. I m sorry to break it to you. Costello jumped in and asked Goertz for specifics on how Trump is reaching out to women, and her answer left a lot to be desired. The answer to that is he is having people like myself, his lovely daughter Ivanka, other strong Republican leaders, hold leadership conferences where we are getting out in front of large audiences of women who would like to hear why women like myself, why women like Ivanka, why other wonderful strong independent women who are making their own living, who are successful, who are highly educated, are voting and respect and are working for Donald Trump. In short, Goertz could only name herself and Trump s daughter as examples of women who support Donald Trump. And Cupp was quick to jump all over her for it. That s what we call anecdotal evidence. That s anecdotal and of course, there s some women supporting Donald Trump, that s a fact. But to ignore the fact that 70 percent of women do not like Donald Trump and that he has a huge gap between him and Hillary Clinton among women voters is a fantasy land. Here s the video via YouTube.Trump s campaign is still in denial that they are getting their asses handed to them in the polls. And the fact that Trump and his supporters are so delusional that they really believe women are coming around to supporting him is further proof that Trump s campaign lives in the  fantasy land  Cupp mentioned.Featured image via screen capture",0
4998, WATCH: Fox Hosts Claim Hillary Has Brain Damage Because She Wears Eyeglasses,"Fox News is desperate to sabotage Hillary Clinton s campaign so they are continuing to launch outrageous lies about her health.Last week, Sean Hannity pushed an absurd claim that Hillary suffered a seizure on camera because she playfully acted like a bobble head doll while being pulled in different directions by different speakers. When the joke was over she then spoke and smiled, two things that people definitely do not do while having a seizure.As Newsweek s Kurt Eichenwald explained to Hannity earlier this week, People do not smile during a seizure while standing upright and then immediately launch into a coherent sentence. There s no smiling because, if for some reason the person experiencing the seizure has not collapsed to the ground in unconsciousness, the moment the body begins to move uncontrollably is terrifying. After a seizure, someone does not instantly jump back into a conversation, making jokes. Eichenwald should know. He has epilepsy.But Fox & Friends has picked up where Hannity left off and made a brand new claim on Thursday in an effort to cast doubt on the health of Hillary s mind.Steve Doocy, who was named in Gretchen Carlson s sexual harassment lawsuit against Roger Ailes, suggested that Hillary Clinton has brain damage because she wears prism eyeglasses. Is that the fact that when we saw Hillary Clinton wearing those prism glasses, a sign of brain damage and other things, and he s worried about the care she s getting so far,  Doocy said in reference to Dr. Drew Pinsky allegedly expressing concern for Hillary s health.Kilmeade then suggested that Clinton s glasses are connected to Benghazi, because conservatives will never stop talking about that. And if you want to   or remember, when she was wearing those glasses, remember when she made those famous line to Senator Ron Johnson,  What difference at this point does it make,  that s when she had those glasses on. Here s the video via Media Matters.This kind of speculation is why Fox should drop the  News  part of their name.Just because Hillary Clinton is wearing prism glasses it does not mean that she has brain damage. It means she has eye problems like 75 percent of Americans do.Hillary wears Fresnel prism glasses to correct double vision resulting from a concussion she sustained in 2012 after she fainted and fell due to dehydration.This in no way disqualifies her from being president. She merely has a vision issue that needs correcting.And if wearing glasses is a sign of brain damage perhaps Fox should have performed a quick search on Google for Donald Trump. Because they would have found this.So does that mean Trump has brain damage? I mean, that would definitely explain Trump s crazy behavior over the last year.Featured image via Twitter",0
4999, CNN Panelist LAUGHS In Corey Lewandowski’s Face After Hearing New Trump Victory Plan (VIDEO),"As Donald Trump s campaign continues to sink deeper into its self-sabotaging downward spiral, it s becoming clear that even Trump s campaign surrogates and former staffers are having trouble trying to stay positive about the outcome of this election. In just the past few days, we ve seen them completely deny that Trump s campaign made some massive changes in desperation, ignore polls that The Donald is losing and now thanks to former Trump campaign manager Corey Lewandowski, they re holding onto false hope that Trump can still somehow win this.Earlier today on CNN, Lewandowski   who is forbidden by contract to say anything negative about Trump   tried to convince everyone that Trump was still on track to win this election because his biggest opponent, Democratic nominee Hillary Clinton, was losing voters to Green Party candidate Jill Stein and Libertarian Party candidate Gary Johnson. Lewandowski said: This is not a two-person race. Gary Johnson and Jill Stein are in this race. I would say Jill Stein should be in the debates. She s a person who is going to take away votes from Hillary Clinton. You just had her here on the show  At the end of the day, Donald Trump is going to win this election, he s going to win in states because Gary Johnson and Jill Stein are going to take votes away from Hillary Clinton. While Lewandowski clung to his delusions, CNN panelist Bill Kristol was sitting right beside him, shaking his head while smiling and muffling his laughter. When Kristol could finally get enough control over himself to speak, he dropped a major truth bomb that Lewandowski and Trump weren t going to like: That s the last recourse of a campaign that s going to lose. It s hoping third-and-fourth-party candidates are going to magically change the equation. At the end of the day, 38% of the American people think Donald Trump should be president, it s never gotten much above that number. You can watch Kristol giggle at Lewandoski s silly hopes below:.@CLewandowski_: Donald Trump is going to win bc Gary Johnson + Jill Stein will take votes away fr Hillary Clinton https://t.co/jvwPm42LGm  New Day (@NewDay) August 18, 2016Featured image is a screenshot",0
5000, Trump Supporter Who Wants To Shoot Black Kids Just Embarrassed The F*ck Out Of Himself (VIDEO),"Hi folks, John Harper here, at least if you ask a certain racist, Islamophobic freakshow named James Stachowiak (that s not my name, of course). On Wednesday, Stachowiak had a few complaints about a recent report that highlighted his recent suggestion that  patriots  like him shoot black women and children  in the backs. According to Stachowiak, I am not only a drug addict but I was lying about him when I quoted the things he said.In his latest video rant, Stachowiak complained that  John Harper  posted an article condemning his racism and numerous suggestions that racists like himself murder black people on sight for everything from shoplifting to shoplifting. John Harper, you are a liar and a fraud and I m challenging you John to sue me for slander and defamation for saying that your website and that of Raw Story and the Washington Post are saying that I ve advocated for hunting down black women and children and shooting them in the backs. Since that s entirely what happened, I find myself wondering why he would make such a silly suggestion, but let s move on. These people are on drugs. John Harper apparently is a drug addict just like [police chief] Mark Kessler is an alcoholic,  he continues.  Now, how can I say that? Skipping over how he came up with his silly drug abuse claim, Stachowiak continued. He attempted, but failed, to walk back his remarks: I advocated that looters exiting stores should be shot   if they re running down the street, light  em up. I never said to aim and target children. What I said was that if children are in the group, they would be collateral damage. We can not allow these dangerous people to escape and cause more mayhem. Well, that s much better, Jim.  He continued, attempting to explain away his remarks about women: You mean just because it s a woman she can t be a criminal that should be targeted with lethal force if she s a looter or throwing a brick at a cop? No, Jim   no one should be  shot in the head  as you have oh-so-eloquently suggested if she is looting a store   and a brick is one-shot, inaccurate, and hard to throw any reasonable distance, so that should not end with a street execution. Nevertheless,  Johnny Infidel  as he calls himself on YouTube made it clear that he would even shoot an  80-year-old woman  in the head if she threw a brick a few inches toward a cop. That s just the kind of swell guy this particular former police officer is.But mixed into Stachowiak s latest ravings is something hilarious. You remember Mark Kessler from earlier? Yes, I mean the former Gilberton, PA police chief whose unhinged YouTube rants in which he threatened  libtards  made him famous and ultimately got him fired from his position. Well, it seems that Mr. Stachowiak fell for a little prank one of my friends has been playing on conservatives for years.You see, amid the Kessler controversy, a liberal troll who shall remain nameless created a fake  Police Chief Mark Kessler  Facebook page. This page has served as a source of laughs for many of us in the liberal Facebook community as we watch conservatives throw themselves into fits of rage when  Kessler  posts something off-the-wall or worse   actual facts regarding their insane theories. When Mr. Fake Kessler posted an article I wrote for Winning Democrats on the  shoot black people in the head  issue, Stachowiak noticed. He also noticed that  Kessler has been slamming the Bundy family heavily.Let s just say that Stachowiak is mad.  I want to inform you about another stooge that s working with the enemies of the Second Amendment,  Stachowiak says.  His name is Mark Kessler. Now if Stachowiak was smart   and he s totally not   he would have remembered that gunfire was almost a staple in Kessler s stupid videos. But, like I said, he s not exactly the whitest hood at the Klan rally. He has said that I am a terrorist, insane  Stachowiak says. He says that it s  very interesting  that Mark Kessler was removed as police chief, even though it s not very interesting.  Here s the interesting thing about Mark Kessler and you can check it out all over the internet. Mark Kessler was gathering names to turn in various patriot groups and militias to the federal government. He s openly admitted it. This part is true. In 2014, Kessler told Alan Colmes that he volunteered working with the federal government to weed out extremist elements in the far-right. He claims he  saved a lot of lives  in his work, listing numerous  patriot  groups he helped take down. Mark Kessler also has a fascination with anal sex,  Stachowiak adds (That s not really him, dumbsh*t).  Mark Kessler is a sodomite and that s something else no one has reported. Oh man.. The level of dumb this fool has is amazing,  the fake Kessler page posted.  I would pay to see this idiot take an I.Q. test.. I would expect him to achieve a solid 68. I mean SOLID 68. He is clearly a drunkard and a terrorist,  the anonymous troll says.  He should be studied and mocked.  In any case, Mr. troll finds him entertaining He told Addicting Info: Man I love that guy! Still not sure if he should be on a 72hr mental hold or have a new TV show. Watch Stachowiak s latest idiocy below, and feel free to mock him in the comments below. We love reading them:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RekV-F6sTRwFeatured image via screengrab",0
5001, WATCH: O’Reilly Gets His A*S Handed To Him After Whitesplaining Trump To Black Guests,"Most black Americans can t stand it when white people try to explain to us what is best for us   hence the term  whitesplaining.  However, there are many white folks who, despite the fact that they ll never walk a mile in our shoes, still see fit to partake in this condescending and insulting narrative. Once such person is Fox News  Bill O Reilly.O Reilly decided to engage in this activity on the Wednesday edition of his show, The O Reilly Factor, with two black guests. O Reilly s guests were a lawyer, Andell Brown, and a prominent faith leader, Rev. Jacques DeGraff. The conversation was regarding the fact that, for reasons obvious to most sane people, Trump is polling at an abysmal two percent with the African American electorate. O Reilly, however, seems to think that, despite Trump s flagrant and unapologetic racism, black people should vote for him and other Republicans anyway. He opined: Why isn t the African-American community saying, You know what? We had a black president who didn t help us very much. The Democratic Party hasn t really helped us very much. Maybe we go supply-side economics and look for a guy who s going to stimulate the economy that perhaps would be better.  Why don t they do that? This was after O Reilly tried to insist that Trump and his racism could be ignored for what he seemed to see as some greater good. Brown, however, took him down fast on that one: Well you also have to look at what Trump has said and done himself, not necessarily being, as you put it, demonized. She went on to remind O Reilly of Trump s racist tweeting of crime statistics that came from white power twitter users, saying, I mean, that was totally inaccurate. And of course O Reilly did the same thing with that line that all of Trump s racism apologists do, and insisted it was  foolish  but still not to be held against him because well, duh, it was only a retweet.O Reilly then proceeded to do what many whitesplainers do, and insisted that despite Trump s obvious bigotry, we d be, quote,  better off  with the GOP and should just ignore their rank racism. Rev. De Graff had clearly had enough by that point, and said to O Reilly: Black Americans like any other group in America are capable of determining their own best interests. And black Americans don t have a relationship with the Republican Party because of the hostile environment they ve fostered for eight years. Then again, this is to be expected from the likes of Bill O Reilly and Fox News. After all, they sincerely don t think they are racists, just because they re not into white power and Ku Klux Klan type activity. To them, that s enough not to be a bigot. Make no mistake, though   one can be a racist and hold racist ideals without going full on white nationalist. Further, whitesplaining is, in and of itself, a form of racism. Then again, those who engage in that sort of thing likely don t care anyway, and will continue. Sad, but true.Watch the exchange below, via Raw Story:Featured image via video screen capture",0
5002, Racist Florida Woman Tells Black People ‘You Should Have Stayed In Africa’ In INSANE Rant (VIDEO),"A racist white woman in Florida is surely furious after her African-American neighbors posted a video of her dissolving into a hate-filled mess outside her home on a residential street in Tallahassee, Florida. The video was apparently recorded in March, but the teens who captured the magical moment in which this classy, white, pink bikini-clad lady unleashed a stream of verbal diarrhea all over the sidewalk, posted the footage online recently.The woman, who is apparently drunk, begins by making fun of the African-American females  bodies. When a male in the back says  black don t crack, baby,  things went from zero to racist instantly. Black don t crack?  the likely Trump voter responds.  Black IS crack. Crack IS black! But she wasn t done there. The unidentified Cracker-American told the  black b*tches  (her cute nickname for them): You all should have stayed in Africa. And you can go back there, it s free. You know you can go back to Africa, if you want to. And you can take your Washington and Jefferson last names. One of the teens decided to remind her she is being recorded    don t say nothing else    but our intoxicated white friend was in full-Trump mode. We re gonna take over these neighborhoods,  she says, continuing her slack-jawed diatribe.  Martin Luther King was a sl*t! He was a sl*t who was f*cking white people. Martin Luther was f*cking white people the day he died. Ultimately, the lady s hate-filled frenzy became so irritating for her daughter, who was forced to stand in the background and attempt to ignore her mother s idiocy, had to step in. The daughter screamed  Mom, will you stop  as she grabbed her hand and tried to pull her back. It s ridiculous that your own child has to tell you to stop,  one of the teens said, and it truly is.Featured image via screen capture",0
5003, WHOOPS: Right-Wing Spy Caught By Democratic Senate Campaign,"A right-wing activist secretly spying on a Democratic senate campaign was exposed. The caper was exposed by quick thinking volunteers working for Russ Feingold s U.S. Senate campaign in Wisconsin who were suspicious of a blonde woman with a pickup truck that apparently gave them a fake name. Via The Huffington Post:The woman, who identified herself as Allison Moss, told Feingold staffers that she had been active in College Democrats at the University of Minnesota and wanted to get involved in the campaign. She also signed a nondisclosure agreement with the campaign under the same name.But after a Feingold staffer began pressing Moss on some of her past work, her backstory started unraveling. The staffer said someone on the campaign had gone to the University of Minnesota and remembered Moss as a member of the College Republicans. Moss denied being involved. They also asked her whether she worked for the right-wing group Campus Reform and whether she gave a false name on her nondisclosure agreement.The Huffington Post goes on to report that in audio of a question and answer session with the woman she  was nervous and evasive, giving answers that certainly aren t typical of the usual enthusiastic political volunteer. The outlet said the woman actually appears to be Allison Maass, a correspondent for the right-wing site Campus Reform, which has been the source of a steady stream of right-wing stories about  liberal  college life.Maas also reportedly was caught earlier in the year in an attempt to entrap volunteers for Hillary Clinton presidential campaign in a scheme that would have claimed the campaign was accepting illegal donations.Campus Reform is part of the Leadership Institute, the right wing incubator that trains conservative activists, including video hoaxster James O Keefe who worked with the Breitbart site and Fox News to attack the community service group ACORN. O Keefe s techniques were also used in order to attack Planned Parenthood with deceptively edited videos that claimed the organization sold  baby parts. Featured image via screen capture",0
5004," KARMA: Anti-Gay Bigot Tony Perkins Gets Punished By An Angry God, Flooded Out Of Home","So if natural disasters are sent by God to punish us for legalizing same-sex marriage, what does it mean when a flood destroys the home of one of the biggest anti-gay bigots in the country?That s the question that should be asked of Tony Perkins, since he is now living out of an RV because a flood drove him and his family out of their Louisiana home, forcing them to escape in a canoe.During a Family Research Council radio show on Wednesday, Perkins explained that once the water reached ten feet high his family loaded up in the boat and floated toward safety. They attempted to seek a place to stay but were denied by one shelter. So they sought refuge in the home of a former member of their church.Perkins is also still trying to figure out why God would smite his home. We re gonna look for what God s gonna do in this,  Perkins said.  I m asking those questions and I m going to see. Here s the audio via Raw Story.Usually, it s customary to feel sympathy for people who suffer losses due to flooding, but this is a special kind of irony that needs special commentary.As we all know, conservative  Christians  are constantly telling us that whenever there is an earthquake or a hurricane or a flood that it s punishment by God over homosexuality or abortion or some other social issue that has them all in a tizzy, especially when that natural disaster doesn t affect them personally.Now, the idea that God is sending natural disasters to punish people is complete bullshit, but let s just pretend for a moment that that is the case. The Perkins household just got severely damaged by a  flood of biblical proportions  as stated by Perkins himself, and they were driven out of their home.So by conservative logic, that must mean that he is being punished for something. And since Perkins is an anti-gay bigot who wants to suppress women s rights, one could easily surmise that God is sending Perkins a message to stop being a dick toward other human beings. You know, actually love your neighbor and treat others the way you want to be treated.But Perkins will likely fail to see that message. He ll just twist it to his own advantage. Because when it comes right down to it, conservative  Christians  think natural disasters are only sent to punish others, but when they are affected personally they believe it s only sent by God to test their faith. In other words, complete and total hypocrisy.The moral of the story, however, should be that conservatives should stop claiming that disasters are punishments by God, because there is a such thing as karma and Tony Perkins is learning that the hard way.Featured image via Wikimedia",0
5005, Racists Are THRILLED With Trump’s New Campaign Boss,"The new head of Donald Trump s presidential campaign is already getting rave reviews from a core block of the right-wing coalition that hopes to propel him to the White House: racists.Steve Bannon, who runs the right-wing website Breitbart, is getting cheered on by the so-called  alt right,  the coalition of white power advocates who have come out of the woodwork to support Trump.White nationalists today invest a lot of energy worrying about growing Hispanic and Muslim populations in the U.S. Turns out, Breitbart News spends a lot of time worrying about those things, too. And in Bannon, they see a media-friendly, ethno-nationalist fellow traveler. Latterly, Breitbart emerged as a nationalist site and done great stuff on immigration in particular,  VDARE.com editor Peter Brimelow told The Daily Beast.VDare is a white supremacist site. It s named after Virginia Dare, the first white child born to British colonists in North America. Brimelow said he and Bannon met briefly last month and exchanged pleasantries about each other s work.Richard Spencer, of the white nationalist group National Policy Institute also told the Daily Beast that he was happy to see someone who shares a similar world view elevated to a major position within the Republican Party.Since Bannon has been in charge of Breitbart, since the death of its founder Andrew Breitbart, Breitbart News has been the launching pad for this segment of the right that was once kept much further below the radar within the mainstream conservative movement.His elevation to the head of the Trump campaign is being seen as a triumph of this world view on the right, and Trump s campaign, with its explicit bashing of Latinos and Muslims, appeals strongly to this group.The nominee himself was slow to distance himself from the endorsement of former klansman David Duke, and Trump has often promoted the work of white supremacists who back his campaign on his Twitter account.Featured image via YouTube",0
5006, Man Who Penned ‘Benghazi Mom’s’ GOP Convention Speech Does STARTLING 180-Degree Flip On Hillary,"The man who wrote the speech for Patricia Smith, a.k.a.  Benghazi Mom,  for the GOP convention has found that he no longer recognizes his own party. This is someone who calls Richard Nixon, of all people, an icon of his. It s a strange twist of irony that he d write a speech that ended with,  If Hillary Clinton can t give us the truth, why should we give her the presidency? Because Nixon was so honest, but that s beside the point. Now, Richard Cross says that Hillary is the only choice, despite writing a speech that called her a liar and held her personally responsible for Benghazi. In an op-ed for the Baltimore Sun, Cross says he s faced with an inconvenient truth about Trump versus Hillary: Despite what I wrote in that nationally televised speech about Hillary Clinton, I may yet have to vote for her because of the epic deficiencies of my own party s nominee  I have never voted for a Democrat for federal office, but when I hear the president criticize the GOP nominee, I can t honestly disagree with him. He feels that the main question of the 2016 election is whether Muslim Americans are full and equal citizens of the U.S., and to him, the answer is  yes.  Also, like the rest of the sane world, he thinks Trump s racist, anti-immigrant rhetoric is just plain terrible: Now, the question becomes: Can we come together and find a positive solution to the issue of illegal immigration, just like President Reagan and congressional Democrats were able to achieve? The answer to that is,  we must.' With the addition of the white supremacy, conspiracy theory-peddling Stephen Bannon as campaign CEO, Trump s message and behavior are only going to get worse. Paul Manafort and the GOP itself have completely failed to rein him in, and he s surrounded himself with sycophantic clones; the only people who will give him everything he wants (except a win in November).Cross is not thrilled about the prospect of voting for Hillary, and still doesn t have much to say about her that s good. The idea of voting for her makes him very uncomfortable. But the man who asked if we can trust her with the presidency when we can t trust her to tell the truth dropped this truth bomb at the end of his op-ed: But the only prospect more terrifying than voting for Hillary Clinton is not voting for her.The reality of American politics today is, she is the only choice. For someone who was able to compose an entire speech raking her over the coals her for Benghazi, that s a hell of a turnaround.Featured image by Mark Makela/Getty Images",0
5007, CNN Host Utterly EMBARRASSES Trump Lackey Who Refuses To Believe Trump Is Losing (VIDEO),"What just happened on CNN would be sad if it weren t so gosh darn funny.It would seem it s not only Donald Trump who is in complete denial that he s losing because that denial has clearly spread to all his campaign surrogates.While being interviewed by Wolf Blitzer stand-in Brianna Keilar during a segment of CNN s Situation Room, Trump surrogate Michael Cohen just made himself look absolutely foolish and kind of insane.Keilar was questioning Cohen about the new shake-up in the Trump campaign where there is yet another new campaign manager. It seems the campaign is in emergency maintenance mode considering how dismal Trump s poll numbers have been across the board, including in pretty much every single battleground state.Keilar reiterates the point that Trump is down, which Cohen must have been trained not to accept, because he replies fast with: Says who? So, Keilar quickly responds with: The polls. Most of them. All of them. However, Cohen clearly not grasping this reality into his head again says: Say s who? And Keilar again says: Polls. I just told you. I answered your question. So Cohen says: Which polls? Keilar again says: All of them. It was awkward to say the least, but really kind of funny, yet scary at the same time that Trump is actually the Republican nominee and this sort of stupidity has now become the norm.Watch the hilariously embarrassing moment here:Featured image via video screen capture",0
5008, Ivanka Trump Ordered Some Jewelry And Got OWNED By The Company’s Founders,"Ivanka Trump enjoys what someone from that family would consider the  finer  things in life: vacationing with a Russian dictator s rumored girlfriend, taking creepy and inappropriate photos with daddy, probably f*cking the 2016 GOP nominee (seriously), and Lady Grey brand ear cuffs, apparently. Unfortunately for her, Lady Grey doesn t much like her.Trump ordered a gold-plated ear cuff, a piece of jewelry that makes it appear that the wearer gets fashion tips directly from Xena the warrior princess, from the popular indie brand. Upon receipt of Ivanka s order for the $84 ear shield, the company worked diligently to fulfill the order, even including a special little gift for The Donald s daughter: a classy handwritten note from the company s founders. Dear @ivankatrump, #thanksbutnothanks #payitFORWARD  A photo posted by Lady Grey Jewelry (@ladygreyjewelry) on Aug 16, 2016 at 12:15pm PDT Dear Ivanka, Thank you so much for your web order!  the note begins. Then it quickly turns biting: We re happy to let you know that the proceeds of your sale have been generously donated to the American Immigration Council, the Everytown for Gun Safety organization, and the Hillary Clinton campaign. We hope you enjoy your new Lady Grey #helixearcuff. Best, Jill + Sabine. The note was included in her package and shipped last week directly from our studio in Brooklyn.,  Martinelli told The Cut.  While we were flattered to receive an order from Ivanka Trump, our social and political views couldn t be further from those of the Trump campaign. When we received her order, we instantly felt compelled to take the money and donate it to a few organizations that were more aligned with our ideals. Hopefully, Ivanka enjoys her piece of ear jewelry. We re sure Everytown and the American Immigration Council are happy with the money.Featured image via Instagram/Getty Images(Jeff J. Mitchell)",0
5009, Trump Just Appointed The Worst A**hole Yet To Run His Whole Campaign,"Since Donald Trump can t figure out why he s trailing Hillary so badly everywhere it counts, he s decided his campaign staff is the problem. As such, he s shaking things up, reducing the role of his current campaign chairman, Paul Manafort, and appointing someone new to run things. The new campaign chief?Stephen Bannon, of Breitbart.Yes, that Breitbart. The same Breitbart that peddles conspiracy theories to white supremacists. The one that set out to prove the polls are all rigged only to prove that they re all correct instead. And the one the Southern Poverty Law Center says is now the news arm of the alt-right (read: extreme right movement.Trump s thinking goes something like this: He can only win with people who share his delusional frame of mind, so that s who he ll surround himself with now. He s also got a GOP pollster, Kellyanne Conway, as campaign manager, and he believes they ll be able to turn his campaign around for him: I have known Steve and Kellyanne both for many years. They are extremely capable, highly qualified people who love to win and know how to win. I believe we re adding some of the best talents in politics, with the experience and expertise needed to defeat Hillary Clinton in November and continue to share my message and vision to Make America Great Again. Hey, being outrageous and horrible made him win the primaries, so it should work in the general. That s the world that Trump inhabits, and in that world, campaign staff that try to get him to temper himself, act more presidential, and less like a bully toddler, are the whole reason his poll numbers have crashed.In fact, Trump has felt  boxed in  and  controlled  by Paul Manafort and other staffers who  barely know him.  He wants to focus hard on riling up his supporters through  rousing  rallies and media appearances (again, because that worked in the primaries and the primaries are totally like the general). Manafort wanted less of that, and more real campaigning.Breitbart has been one of Trump s champions for a while now, and one former employee says that Bannon used Breitbart for his own personal gain, possibly including a way to get close to Trump s campaign. Under Bannon, Breitbart has become a fantastic website for white supremacists and nativists   the very people to whom Trump himself caters. Employees of Breitbart were afraid of Bannon, and with good reason: He is a vindictive, nasty figure, infamous for verbally abusing supposed friends and threatening enemies. [He] is a smarter version of Trump: he s an aggressive self-promoter who name-drops to heighten his profile and woo bigger names, and then uses those bigger names as stepping stools to his next destination. He is everything Trump is, only worse.Some GOP operatives are already saying that the choice of Bannon will effect a pivot, but it won t be the one that the party is hoping for. If Trump s campaign was dark, hateful, bigoted, nativist and dangerous before, it will be all that times a thousand under Bannon.Which is exactly what Trump wants. Forget the fact that, if that strategy was going to work against Hillary, it would have started working by now. Trump wants someone who is going to help him draw huge crowds and vanquish his enemies, not run a successful campaign.Featured image by Jeff Swensen/Getty Images",0
