id,title,text,label
3680,So You’re Plummeting To Earth With No Parachute: A Guide,"0 Add Comment 
THERE may come a time in your life where you find yourself hurtling at terminal velocity towards the ground from a great height, with no discernible way of saving yourself from immediate impact-based death. What to do, in such a situation? Well, you could try the following… 
1) Reflect 
Reflect on your life. Think of what it is that you may have done that lead you to this point. You must have done something seriously wrong to have pissed off the big man upstairs to such a point that he moved you from the ledger marked ‘a normal death’ to the one marked ‘a spectacularly horrific death’. 
See God lets a lot of people die in their sleep, or surrounded by loved ones after a long and fulfilling life. But you? 
He chose for you to plummet to your death from a mile in the sky. That’s quite a swing, don’t ya think? No fond farewells with loved one’s for you… no, God saw your name in the book and thought you know what? I’m dropping this cunt out the motherfucking sky. 
So in the moments you have left, take a look back over the years. Reflect on your failings and repent. Quickly now; ground’s coming. 
2) That’s about it.",0
3681,Ethics Office Releases 98-Page Donald Trump Financial Disclosure Report,"The U. S. Office of Government Ethics released President Donald Trump’s ethics disclosure form on Friday, showing all of the financial interests he had before taking office as President of the United States. [The massive form shows income from nearly 200 different sources, including golf properties, hotels, real estate, and book deals. The president also made money from his Screen Actors Guild pension from his television show, The Apprentice, as well as the Miss Universe pageant. The disclosure also shows that Trump had multiple investments in Fortune 500 companies, including tech, financial, aerospace, auto, and banking companies.  The report shows that Trump held positions on 565 different businesses, corporations, LLCs, and trusts outside the United States government throughout his time in the private sector  —   many of them with Trump’s name. Although some of his business positions had already expired, the president terminated all positions after taking office in January 2017, according to the form. Trump turned his company over to his sons Donald Trump Jr. and Eric Trump to run in his absence. “President Trump welcomed the opportunity to voluntarily file his personal financial disclosure form,” read a statement issued by the White House. “While this filing is voluntary (as no report was due until May 2018) it has been certified by the Office of Government Ethics pursuant to its normal procedures. ”",0
3682,Donald Trump Praises Middle East Countries for Cutting Ties with Qatar,"President Donald Trump reacted to the news that several Middle Eastern countries, including Saudi Arabia and the United Arab Emirates, cut ties with Qatar. [“Perhaps this will be the beginning of the end to the horror of terrorism!” Trump wrote enthusiastically on Twitter.  Trump referred to his trip to the Middle East in May, where he called for Middle Eastern countries to reject radical Islamic terrorism and stop funding the terrorists. “During my recent trip to the Middle East I stated that there can no longer be funding of Radical Ideology,” Trump wrote on Twitter. “Leaders pointed to Qatar  —   look!” Trump’s comment was widely interpreted as a positive reaction to the decision, despite the State Department and the Department of Defense’s continued neutral position on the decision. The decision was partially due to Qatar’s ties to Iran and terrorist groups in the region. “So good to see the Saudi Arabia visit with the King and 50 countries already paying off,” Trump said, claiming partial victory for Saudi Arabia’s decision. “They said they would take a hard line on funding extremism, and all reference was pointing to Qatar. ”  ",0
3683,"Cliff Barrows, Billy Graham’s Longtime Musical Director, Dies at 93 - The New York Times","Cliff Barrows, a farmer’s son and ordained Baptist minister who for more than 70 years was the musical voice and program manager of the Rev. Billy Graham’s global Christian evangelistic crusades, died on Nov. 15 in Pineville, N. C. He was 93. His death was announced by the Billy Graham Evangelistic Association. “Cliff Barrows has led more people in singing than any other man in the world,” Mr. Graham said in 1992. The pairing of the two men was serendipitous. Mr. Barrows and his first wife, Billie, a pianist and singer, were on their honeymoon in North Carolina in 1945, arriving from California, when they were recruited to join a Graham event, a Youth for Christ rally, as     for Mr. Graham’s regular song leader, who had been summoned to Chicago. The collaboration was so successful that Mr. Barrows merged his own ministry with Mr. Graham’s, beginning their long association. He went on to direct programs in which Mr. Graham preached to more than 200 million people in more than 415 crusades in 185 countries from 1947 through 2005. Mr. Barrows led onstage choirs with stopwatch precision for the 40 minutes or so before he would introduce Mr. Graham as “God’s man for this hour. ” (The third member of their original trio was the baritone George Beverly Shea, who died in 2013.) Mr. Barrows was also the host of the weekly program “Hour of Decision,” broadcast on radio for six decades and later available online. He recorded his last program in October. “Cliff Barrows was arguably the most crucial teammate Billy ever recruited,” Harold Myra and Marshall Shelley wrote in 2005 in “The Leadership Secrets of Billy Graham. ” “He was a skilled and charismatic emcee and musician, leading the program in giant gatherings, a creative force in leading new initiatives, a candid counselor, and a man who knew how to both follow and lead. ” Mr. Graham, who is 98 and was too frail to attend Mr. Barrows’s funeral, said in a statement, “There wouldn’t be a Billy Graham Evangelistic Association in the way it is today without him. ” Mr. Graham’s son Franklin, who now runs the association, described Mr. Barrows as “the voice behind my father for 60 years. ” William Martin, the author of the 1991 biography “A Prophet With Honor: The Billy Graham Story,” described Mr. Barrows in Christianity Today magazine as Mr. Graham’s “closest friend and most trusted associate. ” His death, he said, “marks the end of one of the most enduring partnerships in evangelistic history. ” Clifford Barton Barrows was born on April 6, 1923, in Ceres, Calif. just south of Modesto, to Harriet and Charles Tilson Barrows. Tutored by an aunt who was a pianist and composer, he embarked on his musical career at the local Baptist church. In 1944 he graduated from Bob Jones College in Tennessee (now Bob Jones University in South Carolina) with a bachelor of arts degree in sacred music and Shakespearean drama. Later ordained a Baptist minister, he served briefly as an assistant pastor in St. Paul before beginning an evangelical ministry. Mr. Barrows characterized Christianity as “a singing faith” and said that “a good way to express it and share it with others is in community singing. ” He sang, led others in song and taught them to sing. (He also played the trombone on occasion in his early years with Mr. Graham.) “My dad taught me the best lesson,” he told The Charlotte Observer in 2010. “I evidently wanted to get them to sing a little stronger, so I kind of bawled them out. And my dad said: ‘Son, you did pretty well. But let me give you a little tip: You’ll never get people to sing better by telling them they didn’t do too good. Tell them they did well, but you think they can do better.’ ” The Billy Graham crusade that Mr. Barrows said he recalled most fondly was in 1957 at Madison Square Garden in New York, a city where skeptics predicted an evangelistic preacher would flop. But the scheduled   revival was extended to 16 weeks and drew an estimated two million people. Mr. Barrows was inducted into the Gospel Music Hall of Fame in 1988, the National Religious Broadcasters Hall of Fame in 1996 and the Conference of Southern Baptists Evangelists Hall of Faith in 2008. His first wife, the former Wilma Newell, died in 1994. He is survived by his second wife, the former Ann Prince five children from his first marriage, Bonnie Thomas, Betty Seera and Robert, Clifford and William Barrows two stepchildren, Tal Prince and Dana Shillington 19 grandchildren and 21  . As his longtime boss, Mr. Graham was more than satisfied with Mr. Barrows’s work. “His uncanny ability to lead a crusade choir of thousands of voices or an audience of a hundred thousand voices in a great hymn or gospel chorus is absolutely unparalleled,” Mr. Graham wrote in his 1997 autobiography, “Just as I Am. ” And for Mr. Graham, the collaboration could never be anything but lifelong. In a television interview in 2005, Mr. Barrows recalled a conversation with Mr. Graham: “I remember the day I said to him, ‘Bill, as long as you want me, I’ll be available to you to do whatever you want me to do.’ And he said, ‘Cliff, let’s just pray the Lord will keep us together till we give out or he gives up on us or he takes us home.’ ” Mr. Graham once predicted that when he and Mr. Barrows both got to heaven, he would wind up sidelined, having no one to preach to but the already converted. On the other hand, he said, Mr. Barrows would be leading the angels in song. “I’ll be out of work,” he said, “but not Cliff. ”",0
3684,UC Berkeley Administration Shares Blame for Anti-Free Speech Riot,"There was something odd in the statement that the University of California, Berkeley issued on Wednesday night in response to the leftist riot that stopped a speech by Breitbart tech editor Milo Yiannopooulos and trashed the town (emphasis added):[We condemn in the strongest possible terms the violence and unlawful behavior that was on display, and deeply regret that those tactics will now overshadow the efforts to engage in legitimate and lawful protest against the performer’s presence and perspectives. UC Berkeley, as an institution, was not only opposed to Milo’s views (or what it imagined those views to be) but also to his very presence on campus. Nothing could be further from the spirit of the Free Speech Movement.  Unfortunately, the statement was not merely an error after the fact. It echoed an earlier statement by UC Berkeley chancellor Nicholas Dirks the week before, in which he had tried to balance the “right to free expression” against the university’s “values of tolerance, inclusion and diversity” (original emphasis). Note that free expression was not described as a “value” to which UC Berkeley subscribes, but a “right” that it must allow however grudgingly. The statement went on to take a specific stance against Milo, misrepresenting his views: In our view, Mr. Yiannopoulos is a troll and provocateur who uses odious behavior in part to “entertain,” but also to deflect any serious engagement with ideas. He has been widely and rightly condemned for engaging in hate speech directed at a wide range of groups and individuals, as well as for disparaging and ridiculing individual audience members, particularly members of the LGBTQ community. Mr. Yiannopoulos’s opinions and behavior can elicit strong reactions and his attacks can be extremely hurtful and disturbing. Although we urge anyone who is concerned about being targeted by Mr. Yiannopoulos to consider whether there is any value in attending this event, we stand ready to provide resources and support to our community members who may be adversely affected by his words and actions on the stage (we will provide more detail about these resources in a subsequent message). The statement betrays Dirks’s complete ignorance  —   or the ignorance of whoever wrote it for him. Anyone who thinks Milo is not interested in “serious engagement with ideas,” for example, has never watched a Milo lecture online, and has never seen him invite challenging questions from the audience. Worse, Dirks signaled to UC Berkeley as a whole that Milo was, indeed, dangerous to their    —   so much so that they might need “resources and support. ” For those in the mob that besieged the lecture hall Wednesday night, that was more than adequate pretext to claim they were merely acting in  . Later in the statement, Dirks went on to defend freedom of speech, and Berkeley as the home of the Free Speech Movement, which inspired campus activism across the world in the 1960s. But he went on to describe  —   proudly!  —   how the university had actually attempted to dissuade the Berkeley College Republicans (BCR) from inviting Milo to campus (original emphasis): In addition, however, we have also clearly communicated to the BCR that we regard Yiannopoulos’s act as at odds with the values of this campus. We have emphasized to them that with their autonomy and independence comes a moral responsibility for the consequences of their words, actions, events and invitations  —   and those of their guest. We have made sure they are aware of how Yiannopoulos has conducted himself at prior events at other universities, and we have explained that his rhetoric is likely to be deeply upsetting and perceived as threatening by some of their fellow students and members of our campus community. Our student groups enjoy the right to invite whomever they wish to speak on campus, but we urge them to consider whether exercising that right in a manner that might unleash harmful attacks on fellow students and other members of the community is consistent with their own and with our community’s values. The chilling effect of university administrators warning students that they ought not invite controversial speakers to campus and that they bear the moral consequences of doing so negates the right to free expression Dirks claimed to be upholding. Later, he added that the university was “saddened that anyone would use degrading stunts or verbal assaults on marginalized members of our society to promote a political platform,” presupposing what Milo would say and signaling to the community that they ought to fear “assault” in advance. Contrast that with how the university handled the visit of liberal comedian and HBO Real Time host Bill Maher, who was invited to speak by students at commencement, but whose visit was protested vigorously by Muslim students who were offended by his criticism of Islam. When the student group rescinded the invitation to Maher, UC Berkeley intervened to restore it  —   and issued a statement indicating that Chancellor Dirks “looks forward to welcoming Mr. Maher to the Berkeley campus. ” The university made clear that “that this decision does not constitute an endorsement of any of Mr. Maher’s prior statements,” but went on to declare complete neutrality with regard to Maher’s beliefs: “indeed, the administration’s position on Mr. Maher’s opinions and perspectives is irrelevant. ” And in defending Maher, UC Berkeley did not qualify the right to free speech by balancing it against any other “values. ” In Milo’s case, however, UC Berkeley not only made clear its opposition to what Milo had said in the past, but to what he had not yet said in the future. The difference is stark. For all of his offensive views on Islam and other matters, Maher remains a man of the left, a generous contributor to Democratic Party campaigns and causes. Milo, by contrast, is a libertarian conservative who backed President Donald Trump and is therefore denied the same institutional deference to his views and protection of his rights. The administrators who were bold in defending Maher  —   even to the point of overruling students’ own decisions  —   lost their nerve when it came to defending Milo. It would be more accurate, in fact, to say that the UC Berkeley administration joined the protesters in advance, objecting not only to Milo’s views but his physical presence. The administrators clearly would have preferred that the protest be   and condemned the violence on Wednesday evening, but they created the false pretext of assault and injury that justified a violent response. Undoubtedly, the university will blame outsiders for the vandalism in the streets and for the flames on campus, for the bricks and bottles and pepper spray and fireworks. But on this occasion, that is an inexcusable copout. UC Berkeley made clear that it was on the side of those who wanted Milo shut down. It made clear that conservatives, of whatever ideological flavor, do not actually have the unfettered right of free expression on campus. Chancellor Dirks and the UC Berkeley administration deserve to be held accountable for the violence that violated Milo’s rights  —   and the rights of those who wanted to hear him  —   as well as for the betrayal of the university’s free speech legacy. Breitbart News sought comment from UC Berkeley Wednesday evening but received no response overnight. Joel B. Pollak is Senior    at Breitbart News. He was named one of the “most influential” people in news media in 2016. His new book, How Trump Won: The Inside Story of a Revolution, is available from Regnery. Follow him on Twitter at @joelpollak.",0
3685,Mattis in Iraq: We’re Not Here For Your Oil,"(REUTERS) The U. S. military is not in Iraq “to seize anybody’s oil” Defense Secretary Jim Mattis said, before arriving on an unannounced visit to Baghdad on Monday. [Mattis, on his first trip to Iraq as Pentagon chief, is hoping to get a   assessment of the war effort as U. S.  Iraqi forces launch a new push to evict Islamic State militants from their remaining stronghold in the city of Mosul.  But he is likely to face questions about Trump’s remarks and actions, including a temporary ban on travel to the United States and for saying America should have seized Iraq’s oil after toppling Saddam Hussein in 2003. Read more here.",0
3686,Becoming Duterte: The Making of a Philippine Strongman - The New York Times,"DAVAO CITY, Philippines  —   President Rodrigo Duterte relishes the image of  . He boasts of killing criminals with his own hand. On occasion, he calls for mass murder. Speaking of the drug addicts he says are destroying the Philippines, he said, “I would be happy to slaughter them. ” Mr. Duterte and his friends have long cultivated legends of his sadistic exploits, like throwing a drug lord from a helicopter and forcing a tourist who violated a smoking ban to eat his cigarette butt at gunpoint. It is a thuggish image that Mr. Duterte embraces. Whether Mr. Duterte has done what he says  —   the killings he claims to have carried out are impossible to verify  —   he has realized his gory vision in national policy. First as a mayor, now as president of the Philippines, he has encouraged the police and vigilantes to kill thousands of people with impunity. While his draconian justice and coarse manner have earned him widespread condemnation outside the Philippines, an   look at his rise to power and interviews with many people close to him reveal a man of multiple contradictions. He has alienated many with outrageous comments and irrational behavior, yet remains wildly popular. He is an antidrug crusader, yet has struggled with drug abuse himself. And he grew up a child of privilege, the son of a provincial governor, yet was subjected to regular beatings. His mother whipped him so often for his misbehavior that she wore out her horsewhip, according to his brother, Emmanuel Duterte. At parochial school, he was caned by Jesuit priests and, the president says, molested by one. By his teenage years, he was known as a street brawler. “Violence in the house, violence in the school and violence in the neighborhood,” Emmanuel Duterte said. “That is why he is always angry. Because if you have pain when you are young, you are angry all the time. ” Years later, a psychological assessment of Mr. Duterte, prepared in 1998 for the annulment of his marriage, concluded that he had “narcissistic personality disorder” and a “pervasive tendency to demean, humiliate others and violate their rights. ” Nonetheless, his ailing   campaigned for his presidential bid last year. That act of devotion only begins to unravel the paradox that is Mr. Duterte. Behind his brutish caricature, according to interviews with dozens of Mr. Duterte’s friends, family members, allies and critics, is a man who can be charming and engaging. He has many loyal friends and a soft spot for sick children. As mayor of Davao City, he was known to help people in need by digging into his pocket and handing them a wad of cash. To many, his vulgar jokes only burnish his bona fides as a man of the people. When he appears in public, he is swarmed by adoring fans. Still, the bodies have been piling up. Since Mr. Duterte took office last June and declared a “war” on drugs, the police and unknown assassins have killed more than 3, 600 people, the police say, mostly in the slums of Philippine cities. Some put the toll at more than 7, 000. “I might go down in the history as the butcher,” he acknowledged unapologetically in January. In less than nine months, he has already surpassed the death toll of President Ferdinand Marcos, whose forces killed about 3, 300 political opponents and activists during his harsh   rule. Yet his gangland approach to combating crime and drugs has largely endeared him to Filipinos who have suffered high rates of violent crime and who see him as a refreshing change from the sophisticated but    elite who have ruled this country for most of the last three decades. The dissonance between the image of the gentle, caring grandfather and the brutal strongman spilling blood on the streets is just one of many in a   president who was born to the elite and has lived a life surrounded by violence. Rodrigo Roa Duterte grew up in   Davao City, in the southern Philippines, the oldest son of the governor of Davao Province. As a teenager, he hung out with the toughest kids, got into fights and learned the rude expressions he uses today. By 15, he was carrying a gun, his brother said. As a freshman at the Ateneo de Davao high school, he was fondled by an American priest, an experience he revealed only in 2015. He identified the priest as the Rev. Mark Falvey, who later moved to California and died in 1975. The Jesuit order agreed in 2007 to pay $16 million to nine people Father Falvey molested as children at a Hollywood church. Mr. Duterte retaliated against another priest who had punished him by filling a squirt gun with ink and spraying the priest’s white cassock, his siblings said. For that, he was expelled. He often skipped classes and likes to tell audiences that it took him seven years to finish high school. His misbehavior was often overlooked because of his status, family members say. “He was known as the governor’s son,” said his older sister, Eleanor Duterte. A daredevil, he took flying lessons at 16. On his first solo flight, he buzzed the family home and hit a treetop with the wheel of his Piper Cub, Emmanuel Duterte said. Later, a car accident put him in a coma for two days, his sister Jocellyn Duterte said. The first time he killed a man, he says, was in a drunken beach brawl at age 17. “Maybe I stabbed somebody to death,” he told an interviewer two years ago. His reputation as a womanizer is well founded, but it was often women who sought him out. “Being the governor’s son,” Jocellyn Duterte said, “the women were always available. ” His father told him that since he was always in trouble, he could save legal fees by becoming a lawyer, his brother recalled, so Rodrigo went to law school. In his final year, he shot and wounded a fellow student whom he accused of bullying him. Mr. Duterte graduated anyway and became a prosecutor. “One thing about my brother is he is hardheaded,” Emmanuel Duterte said. “The more you tell him not to do it, the more he will do it. He needs to tone down on his anger. He needs anger management. ” In the 1980s, his mother led frequent marches against President Marcos’s dictatorial rule. After his ouster, President Corazon Aquino offered her the post of Davao’s vice mayor. She asked that Rodrigo be appointed instead, friends and family said. Two years later, in 1988, he ran for mayor and won, starting a lifelong streak in which he has never lost an election. When he took office, much of Davao was a war zone. The iron rule of the Marcos era had ended, and Communist rebels held a large part of the city. Armed groups operated with impunity and assassinations of police officers were common. Making the city safe was Mr. Duterte’s biggest challenge, and one he accepted personally. Jesus G. Dureza, a high school friend who is now a   adviser, recalls seeing him late one night in the taxi he often drove to patrol the city. Mr. Duterte said he was hunting for a man who had been robbing cabdrivers. Mr. Dureza noticed that his pistol was cocked. “He had a death wish,” Mr. Dureza said. Shortly after he became mayor, crime suspects started turning up dead on Davao’s streets. Mr. Duterte and his supporters have long denied the existence of a death squad in Davao City. But in September, Edgar Matobato, 57, came forward and told a Senate committee that he worked as an assassin on the squad for 24 years, killing about 50 people. In an interview with The New York Times, he said the death squad was founded in 1988 at a lunch he attended at the old Menseng Hotel with Mr. Duterte, several police officers and six other recruits. They were told their job was to hunt down criminals. A police officer passed around a covered basket, and each recruit took out a weapon. Mr. Matobato considered it good fortune that he drew a . 45. “The only one who could command the Davao Death Squad was Mayor Duterte,” he told The Times. “If there was an order to kill, it had to be with his clearance. Without his orders, we kill no one. ” Mr. Duterte took part in at least one killing, Mr. Matobato said. In 2007, a chance encounter on the road with a man named Vicente Amisola led to a shootout. After Mr. Amisola ran out of ammunition, Mr. Matobato said, Mr. Duterte arrived, grabbed an Uzi and emptied two magazines at the defenseless Mr. Amisola. When they checked Mr. Amisola’s body, the squad discovered that he worked for the National Bureau of Investigation. Arnold Rosales, the bureau’s acting regional director in Davao, said that Mr. Matobato’s account of Mr. Amisola’s killing matched the findings of the bureau’s investigation except for one detail: the allegation of Mr. Duterte’s involvement. Investigators concluded that the death was a result of miscommunication, and no charges were filed, Mr. Rosales said. The investigative report is missing, he said. In February, a former police officer, Arthur Lascañas, 56, came forward and confessed to having led the death squad. He said that he received orders to kill directly from Mr. Duterte and that he had killed 200 people. “All the killings that we committed in Davao City, whether they were buried or thrown in the sea, were paid for by Mayor Duterte,” he said. Of the more than 1, 400 people the Davao Death Squad is believed to have killed, at least one was not a crime suspect. Jun Pala, a journalist and outspoken critic of Mr. Duterte’s, was gunned down near his home in 2003. Mr. Lascañas said the mayor ordered the killing, and that Mr. Lascañas helped carry it out. Mr. Duterte has never directly addressed the accusations made by Mr. Matobato or Mr. Lascañas, and he declined to be interviewed for this article. After Mr. Matobato’s testimony, Mr. Duterte accused the senator who led the committee of taking payoffs from drug lords. She was arrested and jailed last month. Mr. Duterte’s personal death toll is harder to substantiate. If he stabbed someone on the beach, there is no record of it. In boasting that he hunted down suspects by night, he offered no specifics. His claim to have killed “about three people” probably refers to a 1988 hostage raid in which he says he fired an   at three kidnappers. But he recently acknowledged, “I may have hit them all or none at all. ” Becoming president has been an adjustment for Mr. Duterte, who is 71. For months, he still thought of himself as mayor and often called himself that. He prefers to go home to Davao City rather than stay in the sprawling presidential palace complex in Manila. In a land that is notoriously corrupt and where government officials often live like kings, he has lived for decades in the same modest   house where he only recently installed  . Pomilda Daniel, a neighbor, calls him “a simple man. ” She said that Mr. Duterte once admired her large new television and asked if he could have it if it ever broke so that he could fix it and use it. Yet when he discovered during a visit to the House of Hope, a child cancer treatment center in Davao, that the children had no televisions, he returned the same day with nine TV sets and had them installed, said Dr. Mae Dolendo, a pediatric oncologist who heads the center. “He is very, very compassionate,” she said. “We have had presidents who conducted themselves like we would expect presidents to conduct themselves, but they haven’t solved the country’s problems. He’s not perfect. He curses. But he gets things done. ” Mr. Duterte has no official first lady and boasted during his campaign that he had two wives and two girlfriends. Later, he said that he should give Pfizer an award for creating Viagra. In 1973, he eloped with Elizabeth Zimmerman, a former flight attendant, after courting her for a month. The marriage lasted until 2000, when it was annulled. The psychological assessment of Mr. Duterte prepared for the annulment, a copy of which was obtained by The Times, was based on an examination of Ms. Duterte and is not a diagnosis. In addition to the finding of narcissism, it described Mr. Duterte as a “control freak” and womanizer who began having affairs soon after he was married and flaunted his infidelity by bringing girlfriends to public functions. While still married, Mr. Duterte met Cielito Avanceña, a teenage contestant in a beauty pageant who goes by Honeylet. She is 25 years his junior. He has described her as his second wife, although they never married. Ms. Duterte and Ms. Avanceña declined to be interviewed. Perhaps some of the president’s mercurial behavior stems from the constant pain he suffers and his use of narcotics to treat it. Mr. Duterte has made a political career of fighting drugs but acknowledged in December that he had been abusing the opioid fentanyl, the powerful and addictive drug that killed the musician Prince last April. Mr. Duterte began using fentanyl to treat back pain and migraines from a spinal injury, apparently a result of a motorcycle accident a few years ago. His doctor prescribed a quarter of a fentanyl skin patch, the president said, but he began using an entire patch at a time. When his doctor discovered that, he ordered him to quit. “He said: ‘Stop it. The first thing that you would lose is your cognitive ability,’” the president recounted. “‘You are, you know, abusing the drug. ’” Mr. Duterte has not said publicly when he started using fentanyl or whether he has stopped. In December, he denied being addicted. His communications director, Martin Andanar, said that Mr. Duterte had stopped using fentanyl “way before he was elected president” last May. But a person with knowledge of his condition told The Times in September that Mr. Duterte was using the drug then. Mr. Duterte’s energy and   hair belie his age, but his afflictions have taken their toll. During public appearances, he often presses his fingers against a nerve on the side of his face to reduce the pain. He has skipped several public events because of illness. In his speeches, he sometimes suggests he will not live to serve out his   term. He has not explained why. Decades ago, Mr. Duterte learned that he had two rare conditions, Barrett’s esophagus and Buerger’s disease, which prompted him to quit drinking and smoking. As mayor, he enforced a strict public smoking ban, and he is now considering a similar measure nationwide. He dislikes being questioned about his health. After a reporter asked for his medical report, he publicly rebuked the journalist, demanding, “How is your wife’s vagina?”  Mr. Duterte’s outrageous remarks have left many with the impression that he is unhinged. He says God speaks to him and made him president of this heavily Roman Catholic country. He has compared himself to Hitler. He used a term that translates as “son of a whore” to describe both Pope Francis and President Barack Obama. Antonio Trillanes, a senator, recalled that when they met in 2015 to discuss a political alliance, Mr. Duterte only wanted to talk about people he had killed and “how the brains were splattered all over the place, gangland style. ” He seems never to have questioned the proposition that shooting people on the street is the best remedy for crime and addiction. “I have my own political philosophy,” he said recently. “Do not destroy my country, because I will kill you. ” He scoffs at complaints about lack of due process for people killed by his police force and has threatened to kill human rights activists. On numerous occasions, his aides have had to walk back his comments. Press secretary Ernesto Abella cautioned journalists that they should use their “creative imagination” to understand him and not be “too literal. ” That Mr. Duterte’s violent boasts should not always be taken literally matters little to his zealous supporters and is of little consolation to the families of the thousands killed by his policies. “He is a child of privilege, but he became a champion of the little guy,” said Ken Angeles, Mr. Duterte’s college roommate and lifelong friend. “He’s a very passionate guy. ” Senator Trillanes, now a leading critic of Mr. Duterte, has another name for him: “mass murderer. ”",0
3687,A Texas Woman ‘Voted Like a U.S. Citizen.’ Only She Wasn’t. - The New York Times,"When Rosa Maria Ortega was a teenager, her mother was deported to her native Mexico after being arrested twice. As she grew up, Ms. Ortega decided to take a different route. Lacking a high school diploma, she signed up for the Job Corps at age 18 and snagged a position at a state employment office. In 2012, she registered to vote, and not only cast ballots in the next two elections but served as a poll worker. Divorced, she raised four children, now teenagers, sometimes working three jobs. “When my mom was here, she did everything illegal,” Ms. Ortega, 37, said in an interview. “I wasn’t going to let that happen to me. ” She may not have a choice. Ms. Ortega, of Grand Prairie, Tex. a suburb between Dallas and Fort Worth, is a permanent resident with a green card, but she is not an American citizen. In a case that made national headlines last month, she was found guilty, fined $5, 000 and sentenced to eight years in prison because the ballots she cast in 2012 and 2014 were illegal. While   holders have many of the rights of citizens, they cannot vote. If the verdict is upheld, she will serve her sentence and, in all likelihood, be deported to Mexico. For   holders, a criminal conviction is effectively a ticket for deportation. Her punishment may be unprecedented for an offense that often draws a minimal sentence or probation. Ms. Ortega, who has a   education and a sometimes shaky grasp on the complexities of her life, has steadfastly insisted that she did not know she was violating the law  —   that she is being imprisoned and probably deported for the crime of being confused. “I thought I was doing something right,” Ms. Ortega said. “It wasn’t to hurt somebody, or the state, or the government. I even worked for the government. “I voted like a U. S. citizen,” she said. “The only thing is, I didn’t know I couldn’t vote. ” The case resonates in a polarized political environment where some are convinced that immigrants threaten to upend the nation’s shared values more than they continue its long history of accepting and assimilating outsiders. Ms. Ortega’s lawyers say they believe the severity of the sentence stems from the furor over immigration and false claims about voter fraud raised by Donald J. Trump’s nationalistic presidential campaign. One of Ms. Ortega’s lawyers, Domingo Garcia, said the case also raised questions about equality in the justice system. He cited a case three years ago in Fort Worth, in which a    boy from a wealthy white family was sentenced to probation for a   crash that killed four and seriously injured two. The boy’s lawyers argued that he was so spoiled that he did not realize that there were limits on his behavior, the now notorious “affluenza” defense. Attorney General Ken Paxton, a Republican who brought the fraud charges, has applauded Ms. Ortega’s sentence, saying that it “shows how serious Texas is about keeping its elections secure. ” Ms. Ortega said she had voted for Mr. Paxton as well as Mitt Romney, President Barack Obama’s Republican rival in 2012, after being persuaded by the conservative father of her fiancé, Oscar Sherman. The outlines of Ms. Ortega’s offense are mostly undisputed. While living in neighboring Dallas County, she registered to vote before the 2012 election, checking a box on the registration form that certified that she was a United States citizen. After voting in 2012 and 2014, she moved to Fort Worth’s Tarrant County in 2015, where she registered to vote again  —   this time, ticking the box that indicated she was not a citizen. When her registration was rejected, she called elections officials, telling them that she had voted in Dallas. Told that people who checked the noncitizen box were ineligible to vote, she reapplied, this time indicating that she was a citizen. An elections worker who remembered her earlier comment about voting in Dallas became suspicious, and forwarded the application to the authorities. Ms. Ortega was jailed on charges of voting fraud, a felony, and false statements on a registration application, a misdemeanor. State prosecutors argued that her actions and statements showed that she had intended to break the law, although they offered no explanation of why she would have sought to vote illegally. A jury of 10 women and two men convicted her of the fraud charges, but the misdemeanor has yet to be adjudicated. After a month in jail, she was released on bail. Her four children have been placed with an   with whom she has scant contact. Ms. Ortega’s lawyers are casting her as a scapegoat. The case, they say, was manufactured to prop up Mr. Trump’s baseless   claims and an   law by the   Texas Legislature that tightens qualifications for voting. Federal courts have ruled that the latest version of that law discriminates against Latinos and other groups that tend to favor Democratic candidates. In the court of public opinion, they have had some success. Ms. Ortega’s conviction has drawn an outcry in editorials and from advocacy groups. Supporters contributed several thousand dollars to an online   aimed at supporting her family while she was imprisoned. Ms. Ortega’s fate rests not with the public but with a Texas appeals court. Should her lawyers fail to win a new trial, they have one more option: an appeal to the Fort Worth judge who oversaw her trial and conviction. The judge can reduce Ms. Ortega’s   sentence to probation, a decision that would give federal immigration officials legal discretion to rescind her deportation, assuming no other problems crop up. But that option may be closing. On Friday, the Tarrant County criminal district attorney, Sharen Wilson, a Republican who has worked with Mr. Paxton’s office on Ms. Ortega’s prosecution, notified defense lawyers of a meeting on the misdemeanor charge of falsely filing a registration application. A decision to prosecute her on that charge could complicate any effort to avoid her deportation, another of Ms. Ortega’s lawyers, Clark Birdsall, said. A spokeswoman for Ms. Wilson, Samantha Jordan, declined to comment on Ms. Ortega’s case, but said the meeting was a routine status conference. By registering and voting, Mr. Birdsall said, Ms. Ortega hoped to give her children a course in citizenship. “Her whole act of voting was an example to her kids,” he said. “She told them, ‘This is what you’re going to be doing. You have to have your voice heard. ’” Ms. Ortega said they had come away with an entirely different lesson.",0
3688,Village people: The rural past that unites Russia and Finland,"expats , Karelia , regions , folk , vacation , nature ""The Russian countryside reminded me of the Finnish countryside that does not exist anymore. By seeing cows and goats walking along the lanes of the village I got an image of what life was like in my grandmothers’ childhood in Finland."" Source: Alena Repkina 
”Terveh,” I saluted a lady in her seventies while walking along the lanes of the village of Vedlozero, in the Republic of Karelia, Russia. I knew that according to statistics, one third of the inhabitants of the village spoke Karelian, a closely relative language to my native Finnish. So I was greeting passers-by in the village in Karelian in order to find out how the situation was in reality and which kind of people still spoke the language. 
”Please come inside and have Karelian pies,” answered the lady with a friendly voice, in Karelian of course. I went inside, sat at the table, ate freshly baked melting Karelian pies, drank tea and chatted with the lady and her husband. Karelians: Life on the border between cultures 
We talked together in mixed Baltic-Finnic: me in Finnish, and my hosts in Karelian. They talked about their offspring, about their children who live in bigger cities and speak Karelian too, and about their grandchildren, who speak only Russian. 
My hosts told me about their plantations and their life in the village, which is to a large extent self-sufficient. I saw their milk-producing goats, green cucumbers, red tomatoes and large potato fields. It is impressive what they are able to prepare from their natural resources. The Finland that once was 
I walked back to the house that belonged to my real hosts, the parents of a friend of mine. On my way there I had a look at the white birches and especially the rowan trees, which are sacred trees for ancient Finns. I realized that lakes and fauna in the village express clearly that Finland is a part of the same continuum extending through all northern Russia until the Ural Mountains. 
The Russian countryside reminded me of the Finnish countryside that does not exist anymore. By seeing cows and goats walking along the lanes of the village I got an image of what life was like in my grandmothers’ childhood in Finland. A photographic journey around Karelia in fall 
I saw neighbors helping each other and grandchildren spending their summer days at their grandparents’ place. I enjoyed dinner together with my hosts. This taught me something about Russian hospitality and mutual solidarity, about the warmth with which they treat their guests. 
The parents of a friend of mine offered me pickled cucumbers, sausages, olivier salad, different pies and sour cream, and made me feel relaxed and welcome. We talked about the trip to the lake we had made the day before; how we had caught fish and had lunch on the sands along the shore of the lake. 
Steaming sauna baths and vodka enjoyed with good company became etched in my mind as a symbol of Russian comradeship. The most important and interesting discussions between true friends in Russia, I learned, are debated in the sauna, or alternatively, in front of the vodka bottle in the small hours. Russia and the village 
I started to realize, similarly to many Russian writers and social thinkers of the 19th century, the significance of the rural atmosphere to the russkaya dusha (Russian soul). A village community such as Vedlozero reflects for me the Russian soul, the solidarity of people in their community and their hospitality. 
On the point of leaving Vedlozero, Anni, an old Karelian-speaking lady, said goodbye in a heart-warming Orthodox style. “Jumalanke”– let God be with you – she wished me from the bottom of her heart. I suddenly realized that at this very moment the lady had unveiled the true face of Russia to me. 
Sakari Linden is Executive Director of the Association of Finnish Culture and Identity, which promotes Finnish identity and maintains cultural relations to Uralic (Finno-Ugric) peoples. He travelled to Russia (St. Petersburg and Karelia) for the first time in July 2011, and, subsequently, has traveled to Russia on several occasions. He studied Russian for two months in Petrozavodsk (the capital of the Republic of Karelia) in fall 2015. 
Send your entries for this blog to Subscribe to get the hand picked best stories every week Subscribe to our mailing list Facebook",0
3689,Mexican Authorities Struggle to ID 32 from Cartel’s Mass Grave,"MONTERREY, Nuevo León  —   Mexican authorities continue working to identify bodies that were discovered inside a mass grave used by the Los Zetas Cartel. [The discovery was made last year near a hill in the town of Garcia, information provided to Breitbart Texas by the Nuevo Leon government revealed. Since the discovery of the human remains, authorities have been working to identify the victims.   Authorities have been able to identify 24 of the victims while they continue trying to identify other 32 through the use of dental records and DNA testing. While the investigation remains ongoing, authorities revealed that the victims who have been identified had been reported missing since 2010. Law enforcement officials consulted by Breitbart Texas revealed that the mass grave had been used by the Los Zetas cartel as one of the many dumping grounds chosen by the cartel to dispose of evidence.  Mass graves have been used by drug cartels for years to hide the executions of hundreds. In 2011, authorities in Tamaulipas discovered more than 190 bodies in the rural community of San Fernando. The area was one of the strongholds of the Los Zetas cartel where the criminal organization had been hijacking passenger buses and blocking federal highways not only to steal vehicles and kidnap innocent victims, but also keep rival cartel members from entering their territory.  In February, Breitbart Texas published the result of a three month investigation into how the Los Zetas cartel kidnapped, murdered and incinerated more than 300 victims including women and children from the rural communities of Allende and Cinco Manantiales in the border state of Coahuila. With the help of corrupt public officials, more than 150 of the victims were incinerated inside the state prison in Piedras Negras, Coahuila. Editor’s Note: Breitbart Texas traveled to the Mexican States of Tamaulipas, Coahuila and Nuevo León to recruit citizen journalists willing to risk their lives and expose the cartels silencing their communities.  The writers would face certain death at the hands of the various cartels that operate in those areas including the Gulf Cartel and Los Zetas if a pseudonym were not used. Breitbart Texas’ Cartel Chronicles are published in both English and in their original Spanish. This article was written by Tony Aranda from Monterrey, Nuevo León and “J. M. Martinez” from Piedras Negras, Coahuila. ",0
3690,Austin Schools Jump on ’Sanctuary’ Bandwagon,"In a special session held Monday evening, Austin Independent School District trustees voted   to adopt a sanctuary policy resolution that strives to “create a safe and caring learning environment so as to foster a culture of trust and respect” for all students “regardless of their immigration status or the status of their parents. ”[The school board’s resolution calls for “schools and classrooms” that are “safe, welcoming and inclusive places, noting “all children are entitled to a public education” based on the 1982 United States Supreme Court ruling, Plyler v. Doe, which protects   illegal immigrant minors from discrimination and requires that U. S. public schools educate these students. The document did not mention the federal Family Educational Rights and Privacy Act (FERPA) which prohibits schools from turning over student immigration status to federal agents, as Breitbart Texas reported.  The resolution states Austin ISD policy bars “any acts of discrimination or harassment, based on race, color, religion, sex, gender, gender identity, gender expressions, sexual orientation, national origin, disability, and age. ” The district says it embraces equity, diversity, and inclusion, accomplished through named supporting programs like Whole Child, Every Child,” part of the Whole Child approach to “improve each child’s cognitive, physical, social, and emotional development” “No Place for Hate,” an   League (ADL) campaign to combat bigotry and celebrate diversity   behavioral health centers and Social and Emotional Learning (SEL) which promotes the   and   competencies often associated with the public education reform movement. After the unanimous vote, trustee Paul Saldaña told reporters he wished Austin ISD acted sooner but crafting a resolution was a step in the right direction. He said: “We still have a lot of work to do to reassure our families that coming to school is safe. ” Earlier Monday, Austin ISD Superintendent Paul Cruz issued a statement: “We are unwavering in our support of students, families, and staff and want to reassure them that the district’s commitments have not changed. ” KVUE reported he said: “I fully support our teachers, our principals and our staff members in creating safe learning environments for all of our students. ” Austin ISD’s online “your rights, immigration, and resources” links to the district’s refugee support office, a “hub for refugee and asylee students and their families currently enrolled” or seeking to be enrolled in the district’s schools. They offer family support services like translation and interpretation, school registration assistance, social and emotional support, plus staff and community training. Reportedly, more than 20, 000 Austin students skipped school last Thursday to protest a “Day without Immigrants. ” Breitbart Texas reported the truant protesters rallied against recent U. S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement (ICE) raids where officials arrested violent criminals and people who sexually assault children. Education Austin, the school district’s labor and teacher union affiliated with the two largest teacher unions in the nation, the National Education Association (NEA) and the American Federation of Teachers (AFT) plus labor union   called on Austin ISD to take a stronger stand on behalf of illegal immigrants. They provided 3, 000 of their teacher union members with flyers for students on their rights when faced with dealing with an ICE agent, according to the Austin  .  Last week, the state’s largest school district, Houston ISD, adopted a sanctuary policy which reaffirmed support for illegal immigrants impacted by any state and federal travel bans, offered a safe haven for students, families, and employees illegally in the United States. In late December, the El Paso border school district declared sanctuary status. San Antonio ISD inches closer to approving a similar resolution. Follow Merrill Hope, a member of the original Breitbart Texas team, on Twitter.",0
3691,"Social Media Awash With Anti-Semitism, New Post Up Every 83 Seconds","Social media platforms spewed more than 382, 000   posts over the course of 2016  —   an average of more than 43. 6 posts per hour, or one post every 83 seconds, according to research by the World Jewish Congress (WJC).   percent of all the   content found a megaphone on Twitter. [“We knew that   online was on the rise, but the numbers revealed in this report give us concrete data as to how alarming the situation really is,” World Jewish Congress CEO Robert Singer said in a statement. “We hope this serves as a   call to all internet forums to maintain moral standards, rid themselves of offensive content, and make the digital world a safer place for all. ”  The WJC research analyzed tens of millions of posts in 20 languages on Facebook, Twitter, YouTube, Instagram, blogs and other forums. After Twitter, the highest number of   posts online can be found on blogs, at 16 percent. Eleven percent of   content online was posted to Facebook, followed by Instagram with 6 percent, YouTube with 2 percent, and 2 percent on other forums. The criteria used to determine whether a post was   was based on International Holocaust Remembrance Alliance (IHRA)’s May 2016 definition that “  is a certain perception of Jews, which may be expressed as hatred toward Jews. The group’s analysis comes after more than 100 Jewish institutions across the U. S. received bomb threats this year alone, as Breitbart News reported. In Europe, top executives from the UK arms of Facebook, Twitter, and Google recently appeared in front of the Home Affairs Select Committee and were grilled about an apparent failure to tackle hate speech in general and   in particular on their respective platforms. Breitbart News reported that the committee directed most of their scrutiny towards Google in regards to videos posted on YouTube that are “peddling hate,” according to Labour MP Chuka Umunna. Focusing on videos uploaded by the   leader David Duke and the now proscribed extremist organization National Action, Umunna accused Peter Barron, the vice president of communications and public affairs at Google Europe of profiting off of these videos, along with allowing the individuals themselves to make money as well. “Your operating profit in 2016 was $30. 4 billion. Now, there are not many business activities that somebody openly would have to come and admit  …     that they are making money and people who use their platform are making money out of hate,” Umunna said. “You, as an outfit, are not working nearly hard enough to deal with this. ”    ",0
3692,Cyberattack on Belgian media outlets claimed by Syrian Cyber Army,"Mon, 24 Oct 2016 21:12 UTC © www,syrian-cyber-army.net Several Belgian media outlets announced that they had fallen victim to a cyberattack. A Syrian hacker group claimed responsibility, saying the attack was retaliation for the Belgian air force bombing a village near Aleppo. A number of Belgian media websites, including De Standaard, RTBF, Het Nieuwsblad, Gazet van Antwerpen and Het Belang van Limburg, reported they have been subjected to a coordinated DDoS (distributed denial-of-service) attack on Monday afternoon, which temporarily shut down their sites. The attack was claimed by a group calling itself the Syrian Cyber Army, as punishment for the media helping to cover up their government's actions in Aleppo . ""We attacked the Belgian media that hide the work of its air force in Syria,"" a statement on their website reads . ""We call on the international community to support us in shaming the Belgian authorities, who orders the killing of dozens of civilians in the town of Hassadjek near Aleppo on October 18, and caused damage to civilian infrastructure,"" the Syrian hackers wrote. ""Instead of strikes on Daesh [Islamic State], the international coalition led by the United States targets only civilians and deceives the international community about its goals in Syria."" The attack comes in the wake of information from the Russian Defense Ministry that two Belgian F-16 jets flying from Jordan struck Hassadjek in Aleppo province on October 18, killing six civilians. The Belgian government has strongly denied involvement in the bombing, and has demanded that Russia take back the accusations. The Het Nieuwsblad has alleged that Russia supports and finances the hacking group. The hacking attack itself appears to have been carried out from Turkey. However, the federal prosecutor's office has yet to start an investigation. Over the course of the civil war, Syrian hacking groups have claimed attacks on various news organizations they believe paint the Assad government in a negative light. Among these is the Syrian Electronic Army, formed in 2011, which has targeted the BBC, al-Jazeera and National Public Radio, among other outlets. Their tactics range from DDoS attacks - in which thousands of computers will overwhelm a server by requesting access all at once - to spamming, malware, phishing and defacing websites. Some of the attacks have been humorous at times. After hacking the BBC Weather's Twitter, a headline read ""Saudi weather station down due to head on-collision with camel."" Comment: Belgium is falling right in line with the US: Proof doesn't matter; 'blame Russia' for everything.",0
3693,DHS Secretary Kelly: ‘You’d Never Leave the House’ If You Knew What I Know About Terrorism - Breitbart,"Friday on Fox New Channel’s “Fox  Friends,” Homeland Security Secretary John Kelly said if Americans knew what he knew about terrorism threats they would “never leave the house. ”  Kelly said, “It’s nonstop. The good news is, for us in America, we have amazing people protecting us every day, DHS, obviously, FBI, fighting the away game is DOD Department of Defense, CIA, NSA, working with these incredible allies we have in Europe and around the world. But it can happen almost here anytime. I was telling Steve on the way in here if he knew what I knew about terrorism, he’d never leave the house in the morning. But the good news is again we have the finest men and woman in uniform, out of uniform, police officers, local law enforcement New York City cops protecting us. ” Follow Pam Key on Twitter @pamkeyNEN ",0
3694,Texas Officer Shot Dead Outside Police HQ,"On Sunday morning, a San Antonio police officer was killed after being shot twice in the head by an armed suspect who fled the scene shortly after the attack. Comment on this Article Via Your Facebook Account Comment on this Article Via Your Disqus Account Follow Us on Facebook!",0
3695,NATO Buildup in Eastern Europe: ‘We’ve Only Seen the Tip of the Iceberg’,"Sputnik October 27, 2016 
NATO and Washington’s activities in Eastern Europe and the Baltics de facto amount to permanent military presence, Sergei Ermakov, a senior analyst at the Russian Institute for Strategic Studies, told RT, adding that we have seen “only the tip of the iceberg” so far. “Endless war-games and rotational deployments essentially amount to permanent military presence. NATO is testing a drastic military buildup. We have witnessed the alliance deploy expeditionary forces and assault troops to Eastern Europe. These are offensive, not defensive forces. What we have seen is only the tip of the iceberg,” Ermakov said. 
The North Atlantic Alliance has pledged to refrain from deploying substantial forces along the NATO-Russia border on a permanent basis, but has been increasingly active in the region. The bloc approved its largest military buildup in Eastern Europe and the Baltics since the end of the Cold War at the 2016 Warsaw summit, a development viewed with deep concern in Moscow. 
As part of this initiative, Canada, Germany, the UK and the US will establish and lead four battle groups expected to be deployed in Poland, Estonia, Latvia and Lithuania. Each will total up to 1,000 soldiers. These battalions are said to become operational in early 2017. The alliance has justified its massive buildup by blaming Russia for its ostensibly “assertive” behavior. Moscow has consistently denied these groundless claims. 
Ermakov further explained that forces of NATO’s European members are not as lethal as they might seem. “On paper this is a force exceeding Russia’s [military] potential by several times. But it lacks real combat power. This is why Americans need to be everywhere. The US was forced to boost US European Command’s budget,” he said. 
Earlier this year, the Pentagon requested $3.4bn for its operations in Europe in 2017, a four-time increase compared to its $789-million budget this year. A d v e r t i s e m e n t 
Russian officials and experts have repeatedly pointed out that NATO increasing assertiveness has put regional stability at risk. 
The bloc’s muscle flexing and aggressive rhetoric “greatly reduce European security and the chances for a revival of constructive dialogue between Russia and NATO, something Russia has been calling for so many years. Instead, the bloc is doing its best to provoke an arms race with unpredictable results,” Peter Korzun, an expert on wars and conflicts, wrote for the Strategic Culture Foundation. Ermakov also said that the United States wants to increase its presence in the Black Sea region to counter Russia. “Americans can no longer count on Turkey due to the failed coup attempt. Ankara has become a complicated partner. [Washington] is instead focusing on Bulgaria and Romania,” he said. 
NATO Secretary General Jens Stoltenberg mentioned Romania during a press conference held following the latest meeting of NATO’s defense ministers. He said that Romanian troops will join the US-led battle group in Poland. He also said that the ministers discussed progress made in strengthening NATO’s presence in the Black Sea region “in the air, at sea and on land.” This initiative will include among other things “a Romanian-led multinational framework brigade on land,” he observed, providing no additional information on the subject. 
Ermakov further said that Washington also wants to counter Russia in Central Asia and the Asia-Pacific region. This article was posted: Thursday, October 27, 2016 at 6:39 am Share this article",0
3696,Cosby And Trump Start Support Group For Wrongfully Accused Billionaires,"Topics: Donald Trump , Bill Cosby , Sexual Assault , Roger Ailes , support groups , billionaire Monday, 31 October 2016 When translated Bill Cosby's shirt says: ""If you can see this notice, you consent to unconscious butt sex."" 
Donald Trump, the man who heaped blistering criticism on Bill Cosby for drugging and raping women without a prenup, is now joining forces with the embattled comedian. 
B.L.A.M., or Billionaire's Lives Also Matter, is the new support and counseling organization that has also become the latest vessel of reality denial for Donald Trump the former reality TV star. 
Trump explained his turnaround on Bill Cosby and also the creation of the new support group when he talked to CNN's Jake Tapper last night. 
""You know Bill was saying all along that these women were lying and just trying to find ways to sue or get money from him, and now I understand. Now that crooked Hillary and the rigged media have set these women up to falsely accuse me of sex--uh, kissing and touching them, it's really stressful for me, of course I can take it--and these women all of the sudden have lawyers and the press on their side, I mean they have more rights than the people they are wrongfully accusing, and meanwhile everybody says, 'Well Trump and Cosby are billionaires, maybe they did it, but their lives are so good and so what if some bimbo or old hag says they did this or that twenty five years ago.' But it never happened Jake, none of it, all lies."" 
The CNN Host and Anchorman Jake Tapper squinted in disbelief as Trump bellowed on. 
""And so, Jake, that's why we need our own support group, because billionaire's lives do matter. People have no idea how it feels, what's happened to us--I mean they can't relate because most people aren't' billionaires. 
Tapper followed up to Trump's incoherence, asking: 
""Aren't you guys just avoiding culpability by denying the accusations of a hundred plus women between you and Cosby, and then creating a support group for the so called 'wrongfully accused?'"" 
""Excuse me, Excuse me Jake,"" Trump started before Tapper even finished. ""People are always talking about how the victims have to be heard and treated with kid gloves, well what about us? We're victims--and I can't even describe how it felt to hear Bill and Roger [Ailes] tell their stories, and I thought 'Oh my God, that's my story' and if I had a heart, I would have cried then, but my shallowest reaction instead was to try and monetize the situation, and so the first meeting of B.L.A.M. will be a pilot for a new reality show by the same name."" 
The Spoof's own legal analysts say Donald Trump, Bill Cosby, and Roger Ailes would be exposing themselves to even more lawsuits if they were foolish enough to air Billionaires Lives Also Matter. It's also highly unlikely that Trump's former partner NBC would pick up such a show, some say Trump will air the show himself if there are no takers for B.L.A.M. 
Could this be the start of Trump TV? 
Bill Cosby later released a statement to the press that read, ""The dingy doo in da dingy bop, dee boop dee boop dee doo doo, buh razbatax"" Make XRhonda Speaks's day - give this story five thumbs-up (there's no need to register , the thumbs are just down there!)",0
3697,No Health Insurance Is Hard. No Phone? Unthinkable. - The New York Times,"SPRINGVILLE, Utah  —   As the health care debate thundered away in Washington, Representative Jason Chaffetz of Utah stirred up a social media squall the other day by suggesting that uninsured Americans should invest in their own health care “rather than getting that new iPhone that they just love. ” Here in Mr. Chaffetz’s solidly Republican district, one of those uninsured Americans watched the viral CNN interview on  —   what else?  —   her cellphone. Not a new iPhone, though, but a Samsung with a cracked screen, one that Shari Hunter and her husband, Anthony, bought with their tax refunds two years ago. “An iPhone and insurance are not the same thing at all,” Ms. Hunter, 32, said. “If you need to be able to decide between an iPhone and health insurance, you need to look at: Why is that the choice?” To Mr. Chaffetz’s supporters, his comments sounded like a   defense of individual responsibility in the midst of a knockdown debate over the government’s role in providing health care to Americans. To his critics, they sounded like a callous and obtuse dismissal of the hard choices that struggling families face every day  —   and one that echoed earlier, racially noxious arguments over “welfare queens” and criticisms of programs that helped provide phone service to poor people. The Hunters have thought plenty about trying to cut out the $100 they spend on cellphone service every month. Yes, they said, it’s a lot, especially when they don’t have health insurance and they stretch the last dollars from their $1, 800 monthly income to buy diapers and gasoline. But the cellphone tethers the couple together when Mr. Hunter leaves for his nearly $   job at a call center and Ms. Hunter stays home with their three children  —   9, 4 and 3 years old  —   here in the Utah Valley. They chat on his   breaks. It pains Mr. Hunter to be away from the children, so Ms. Hunter texts him photos of them making a snowman or playing on the backyard swing set. He sends her inspirational quotes from elders in the Mormon Church, to which they are both devoted. The Hunters said they voted for Mr. Chaffetz in November, but Mr. Hunter said his comment sounded like something a “  person” would say  —   not a parent receiving food stamps, whose children are covered by Medicaid and who usually has $86 left over after paying the month’s mortgage and other bills. Here in the heavily Mormon cities that run along the   Wasatch Range, several of Mr. Chaffetz’s uninsured constituents said that, of course, they would love to be rid of the cellphone bills that cost their families $30, $50, $100 every month. But they said the savings would hardly be enough to afford monthly health plans for their families. And how would they get by without their phones? “A cellphone is a lifeline,” said Myla Dutton, executive director of Community Action Provo, a food bank and   nonprofit. Jose Valdivia, 61, said he wouldn’t be able to quickly look up the latest engine modifications when he was repairing   vehicles at the mechanic’s shop where he works. His wife said they wouldn’t be able to send photos to relatives in Mexico City. The couple spoke as they waited for an appointment at a free health clinic run by volunteer nurses and doctors two nights a week in Provo. Not surprisingly, smartphones abounded in the waiting room. People texted about dinner, called relatives with updates, held their children’s attention with a game. Without her phone, Joana Delacruz, 45, said, she wouldn’t be able to see job postings from nursing employers, or check whether she should bring home some food for her    son after finishing her   p. m. shifts managing a McDonald’s in Provo. Ms. Delacruz said she had not had health insurance since she lost her job as a nursing assistant after she fell over a wheelchair last July and hurt her back. Workers’ compensation took care of the medical bills. But despite physical therapy and cortisone shots, her back still hurt, and she did not want to aggravate it by returning to a job that required lifting and moving patients. She earns about $1, 300 a month and has little left after paying $750 in rent (her son sometimes helps out) a $400 car payment and the $50 cellphone bill. The phone keeps her connected with her mother in Mexico. Her son texts her to remind her to get quarters for their building’s laundry machines. She scans job postings that arrive in her inbox. “There’s no other way,” she said. “It’s for work. It’s for relationships, it’s for my kids, it’s for my friends, everything. Life is hard to be by yourself. ” At home in Springville, the Hunters’ phones buzzed at 7 a. m. on Friday with text messages of support. It was a big day: Mr. Hunter had been taking computer classes after work at the call center, and Friday was the day he would take a test for his A+ certification, the first step toward what the family hoped would be a   job working on computer systems. The texts were from the Hunters’ “allies”  —   wealthier families who volunteer to provide social support to   families in the area. “Good luck, Anthony,” the messages read. “We’re thinking of you. You got this. ” “We’re praying for you. ” “Did you text them back?” Ms. Hunter asked her husband as he fried two eggs from their backyard henhouse. The couple said they had searched online but had been unable to find an affordable plan under the Affordable Care Act, and had paid tax penalties for not having insurance. They are both healthy, though when Mr. Hunter’s   back pain flares up, he deals with it by lying on the floor, strapping on a back brace or getting a massage from his wife. They consider themselves conservative and think that health care should not be a federally mandated purchase, but should be left to individual states. If they lived one state over in Colorado, which expanded Medicaid under the Affordable Care Act, they might have qualified for it. Utah approved a small Medicaid expansion, but the Hunters said it did not cover them. On her cellphone, Ms. Hunter said, she frequently checks her family’s bank account balances, updates her husband about filing their tax returns and sends notes of encouragement when he is gone. “He needs to know we believe in him,” Ms. Hunter said. “That’s the biggest thing. ” At 2:41 p. m. on Friday, two loaves of bread were baking in the oven, the two youngest children were playing in the living room, and Ms. Hunter was starting to chop potatoes for dinner when her phone chirped with news from her husband’s test. It had not gone well. “Do you know how far off you were?” she texted. “Yeah,” he replied. “Enough. ” Mr. Hunter said he would get gas and head home. Retaking the test could cost more than $100, but they would talk about their next steps when he got home. “We’ll have to wait,” Ms. Hunter said, phone in hand. “It looks like he probably doesn’t want to text. ”",0
3698,"Justice Department Faces Uphill Battle Should Officer Daniel Pantaleo Be Charged in Eric Garner Case, Experts Say","Loading Posted on October 26, 2016 Justice Department Faces Uphill Battle Should Officer Daniel Pantaleo Be Charged in Eric Garner Case, Experts Say John Marzulli, NY Daily News, October 25, 2016 
As the Justice Department looks to indict NYPD Office Daniel Pantaleo by year’s end in the civil rights probe of the Eric Garner police chokehold case, experts said Tuesday that bitter in-fighting between prosecutors has made a potential trial a defense lawyer’s dream. 
The probe is now firmly in the hands of the Department of Justice in Washington, D.C., which appears to have overruled recommendations from Brooklyn prosecutors and FBI investigators not to indict the NYPD cop, sources said. 
The New York-based feds determined they could not bring a criminal civil rights case against Officer Pantaleo for Garner’s death–leading the Department of Justice to take control of the case. 
Defense lawyers and former prosecutors said the unusual split opens a trove of evidence that could potentially help Pantaleo if he’s indicted. 
When U.S. Attorney General Loretta Lynch gives the department’s civil rights division the green light to charge Pantaleo with violating Garner’s civil rights, it could reveal the deep division between the branches of the Justice Department. 
The key, however, is the defense getting its hands on the information and being allowed by a judge to quiz witnesses about it, the sources said. 
{snip} 
The federal civil rights criminal case would hinge on proving that Pantaleo “intended” to violate Garner’s civil rights, which is a high threshold because it aims to get inside the cop’s head when he brought Garner to the ground. 
{snip} 
Defense lawyer Eric Franz said he would seek any prosecutorial memos regarding justification of a federal civil rights charge to examine the factual reasons behind the Brooklyn office’s recommendation, but agreed it remains a longshot. 
A greater problem is the damage this dispute is doing to the Justice Department’s credibility, Franz said. 
“I have enormous respect for Mr. Capers (Robert Capers, Brooklyn U.S. attorney) and his office, and they were in the best position to determine whether charges are warranted,” he said. 
{snip}",0
3699,"Review: ‘This Is Us’ Is Skillful, Shameless Tear-Jerking - The New York Times","Watching “This Is Us” is like getting beaten up with a pillow soaked in tears. The pilot, which airs on NBC on Tuesday, keeps the emotional gas pedal floored from the opening scene, scored to Sufjan Stevens’s melancholy “Death With Dignity,” to the end, set to Labi Siffre’s anthemic “Watch Me. ” And all the way in between, this   and shameless dramedy is a   theater of the verklempt. It presents, in one hour, birth, death, reunion, career crisis,        reconciliations. It wants to make you weep and it does not play fair. It will leave no button on your psychic control panel unmashed. “This Is Us” belongs to a genre that used to be more common on   TV:   dramas, those    series about ordinary people with ordinary problems, like “thirtysomething,” “Once and Again” and “Friday Night Lights. ” “Parenthood,” the most obvious comparison to “This Is Us,” turned in its keys to the waterworks in 2015. Lately, family and love  —   those tiny, enormous matters  —   have been relegated to cable and streaming   like “Transparent,” “Casual” and “Togetherness,” leaving broadcast TV the histrionics of superheroes, lawyers and political fixers. “This Is Us,” created by Dan Fogelman, does have a gimmick. It’s built around four characters who share the same birthday. The first is Jack (Milo Ventimiglia) a nervous expectant dad whose wife, Rebecca (Mandy Moore) is on the verge of having triplets. The second is Kevin (Justin Hartley) a hunky actor who’s landed a   role in a terrible sitcom that requires him to spend much of his time shirtless. Next is his sister, Kate (Chrissy Metz) who is fighting a serious weight problem with the help of a support group, in which she meets the cheerfully acerbic Toby (Chris Sullivan). And finally there’s Randall (Sterling K. Brown) who has just tracked down the biological father who left him, as an infant, at a fire station, “probably because he couldn’t think of something more cliché. ” As that line suggests, “This Is Us” is aware when it dips into the commonplace, but it’s not above doing so when that tactic is effective. It deploys the pathetic fallacy promiscuously, dipping heartwarming scenes in honeyed light, and turning on the rain spigot during a fraught confrontation. Yet the first hour works its way efficiently through an   box of tissues with cleverly turned dialogue and   performances. Mr. Brown displays the tightly wound, complicated passion that just won him an Emmy for “The People v. O. J. Simpson: American Crime Story. ” Gerald McRaney also gives a striking guest turn as a wry, wise obstetrician (which sounds hackneyed even as I type it, yet the character somehow works). The series’s forebears worked best because of the dynamics among a large ensemble. The “This Is Us” pilot, which is the only episode screened for critics, keeps the central characters mostly separate (though an elegant ending twist suggests that that will change, going ahead). Some of the story lines are weak. It’s refreshing to see a broadcast series spotlight an overweight character who’s not a sitcom dad with a hot wife, but Kate is characterized almost wholly in terms of her weight. The acting subplot, meanwhile, relies on   about vapid network TV that comes across as  . For all that, the opening episode delivers a gorgeous climax I ended it feeling happily, mistily manipulated, willing to let “This Is Us” pull my strings for at least another episode. Maybe it’s my    concussion talking. Maybe I just want there to be more room on network TV for this kind of   drama. “This Is Us” is not a great pilot it could easily become mired in its own sap. But it has enough engaging moments for me to want to see if the series can master the difference between a good cry and an easy one.",0
3700,Freedom Rider: Russophobia: War Party Propaganda,"Tweet Widget b y BAR editor and senior columnist Margaret Kimberley 
The world’s most reactionary regime, the head-chopping, terror-sponsoring Saudi Arabian kleptocracy, was awarded the chair of the UN Human Rights Council, while Russia has been kicked out. The travesty was engineered by the Superpower of Lies to punish Moscow for resisting the U.S.-led war of sectarian massacre and regime change in Syria. The War Party is on the march, to the cheers of corporate media – and Hillary hasn’t even been elected yet. Freedom Rider : Russophobia: War Party Propaganda b y BAR editor and senior columnist Margaret Kimberley 
“ All attempts to stop the fighting were rejected by the U.S. and NATO and sealed the fate of the Syrian people.” 
Did Russia invade Iraq and kill one million people? Does Russia have a greater percentage of its population behind bars than any other country in the world? Did Russia occupy Haiti after kidnapping its president? Are Russian police allowed to shoot children to death without fear of repercussion? Is Russia entering its 20 th year of a terror war against the people of Somalia? All of these crimes take place in or at the direction of the United States. Yet the full force of propaganda and influence on world opinion is directed against Russia, which whatever its shortcomings cannot hold a candle to America in violating human rights. 
The dangers presented by a Hillary Clinton presidency cannot be overstated. She and the war party have been steadily working towards a goal that defies logic and risks all life on earth. Regime change is once again their modus operandi and they hope to make it a reality against Russia. 
Nearly every claim of Russian evil doing is a lie, a ruse meant to put Americans in a fighting mood and lose their fear of nuclear conflagration. It isn’t clear if Clinton and the rest of the would-be warriors actually realize they are risking mushroom clouds. Perhaps they believe that Vladimir Putin will be easily pushed around when all evidence points to the contrary. 
“ Regime change is once again their modus operandi and they hope to make it a reality against Russia.” 
The unproven allegations of interference in the presidential election and casting blame on Russia as the sole cause of suffering in Syria are meant to desensitize the public. It is an age old ploy which makes war not just acceptable but deemed a necessity. The usual suspects are helping out eagerly. The corporate media, led by newspapers like the New York Times and Washington Post , are front and center in pushing tales of Russian villainy. Human Rights Watch and other organizations who care nothing about abuses committed by the United States and its allies are also playing their usual role of choosing the next regime change victim. 
Russia lost its seat on the United Nations Human Rights Council in part because of American pressure and public relations assistance from the human rights industrial complex. The UNHRC is now chaired by Saudi Arabia. Saudi Arabia is an absolute monarchy that funds the jihadist terrorist groups who caused 500,000 Syrian deaths. The Saudis are causing dislocation, death and starvation in Yemen, too, but they are American allies, so there is little opposition to their misdeeds. 
The openly bigoted Donald Trump has been the perfect foil for Hillary Clinton. That is why she and the rest of the Democratic Party leadership preferred him as their rival. He made the case for the discredited lesser evilism argument and his sensible statements about avoiding enmity with Russia made him even more useful. 
“ Newspapers like the New York Times and Washington Post, are front and center in pushing tales of Russian villainy.” 
The United States and its allies are the cause of Syria’s destruction. Their effort to overthrow president Assad created a humanitarian disaster complete with ISIS and al Nusra fighters who love to chop off heads for entertainment. Far from being the cause of the catastrophe Russia left its ally to fight alone for four years. They even made overtures to negotiate Assad’s fate with the United States. All attempts to stop the fighting were rejected by the U.S. and NATO and sealed the fate of the Syrian people. The people of east Aleppo are being shelled by American allies but one wouldn’t know that by reading what passes for journalism in newspapers and on television. The American role in the slaughter is barely mentioned or is excused as an effort to protect the civilian population. The bloodshed was made in the U.S. and could end if this government wanted it to. 
The anti-Russian propaganda effort has worked to perfection. NATO is massing troops on Russia’s borders in a clear provocation yet Putin is labeled the bad guy. He is said to be menacing the countries that join in threatening his nation. The United States makes phony claims of Russian war crimes despite having blood on its hands. The latest Human Rights Watch canards about prosecuting Assad come straight from the White House and State Department and have nothing to do with concern for Syrians living in their fifth year of hell. 
“Donald Trump has been the perfect foil for Hillary Clinton.” 
There is no lesser evil between Hillary Clinton and Donald Trump. She is fully supported by the war party in her desire for a more “muscular” foreign policy. That bizarre term means death and starvation for millions more people if Clinton wins in a landslide. She must be denied a victory of that magnitude and any opportunity to claim a mandate. Peace loving people must give their votes to the Green Party ticket of Jill Stein and Ajamu Baraka. They are alone in rejecting the premise of an imperialist country and its endless wars. 
The United States is the most dangerous country in the world. If it has a reckless and war loving president the threat becomes existential. That is the prospect we face with a Hillary Clinton presidency. If the role of villain is cast on the world stage she is the star of the show. Margaret Kimberley's Freedom Rider column appears weekly in BAR, and is widely reprinted elsewhere. She maintains a frequently updated blog as well as at http://freedomrider.blogspot.com. Ms. Kimberley lives in New York City, and can be reached via e-Mail at Margaret.Kimberley(at)BlackAgendaReport.com.",0
3701,MASSIVE CORRUPTION SCANDAL UNCOVERED IN FONTANA. SECRET SLUSH FUND.,"MASSIVE CORRUPTION SCANDAL UNCOVERED IN FONTANA. SECRET SLUSH FUND. by IWB · October 27, 2016",0
3702,Donald Trump Signals DACA Policy Within Next Four Weeks - Breitbart,"President Donald Trump has a plan to deal with former President Obama’s executive amnesty for children of illegal immigrants who were brought to the United States illegally. [“We’ll be coming out with policy on that over the next period of four weeks,” Trump explained when asked about the   “DREAMers” in an interview with ABC News anchor David Muir.  In 2012, Obama instituted DACA (Deferred Action for Childhood Arrivals) allowing these children to stay in the country legally. During the campaign, Trump vowed to repeal DACA and DAPA (Deferred Action for Parents of Americans and Lawful Permanent Residents) a promise that   activists are watching closely. During the ABC interview, however, Trump urged the   “DREAMers” not to worry. “They are here illegally. They shouldn’t be very worried. I do have a big heart. We’re going to take care of everybody,” he said, promising to restore a strong border. “Where you have great people that are here that have done a good job, they should be far less worried. ” Trump added that his administration would focus on criminal illegal immigrants first. “Those people have to be worried ’cause they’re getting out,” he said. “We’re gonna get them out. We’re gonna get ’em out fast. ”",0
3703,Dem Sen Menendez: Trump ’Great Wall of Hate’ a Waste of $20 Billion - Breitbart,"Thursday on CNN’s “Situation Room,” Sen. Robert Menendez ( ) said President Donald Trump’s “great wall of hate” that had a $20 billion price tag “could be spent far better in creating educational opportunity. That he said included creating jobs and “a whole host of things that are important to our country. ”  Menendez said, “When our products become more expensive if there is retaliatory tariff by Mexico, that’s going to affect jobs here in the United States. That’s not how you become the greatest job creator ever known to mankind. So, you know, our challenge is we need to work with Mexico and get our relationship to meet our mutual challenges, to create greater stability, greater economic growth, to control the traffic of people and at the same time protect ourselves against the scourge of gangs and drugs. ” “But you don’t do it by putting up a wall,” Menendez said. “Last time a wall was built was in Germany, and at the end of the day it ultimately came down. And, so, I don’t believe this is the way to go. And I don’t believe the taxpayers of the United States should spend nearly $20 billion dollars  —   billion dollars  —   on a wall, the great wall of hate, at the end of the day when that 20 billion could be spent far better in creating educational opportunity, in creating jobs, in a whole host of things that are important to our country. ” Follow Pam Key on Twitter @pamkeyNEN",0
3704,"Report: Manchester Bomber’s Father Former al-Qaeda Affiliate Member, Claims Second Son Arrested in UK - Breitbart","(AP)  —   A former Libyan security official says the father of the alleged Manchester arena bomber was allegedly member of a former    group in Libya. [Former Libyan security official   Haroun said Wednesday he personally knew Ramadan Abedi, the father of Salman Abedi, and that the elder Abedi was a member of the Libyan Islamic Fighting group in the 1990s. The group had links to  .  Although the LIFG disbanded, Haroun says the father belongs to the Salafi Jihadi movement, the most extreme sect of Salafism and from which   and the Islamic State group hail. Haroun says Abedi, also known as Abu Ismail, had returned to the Libyan capital of Tripoli. Ramadan Abedi told The Associated Press in a telephone interview from Tripoli that his family “aren’t the ones who blow up ourselves among innocents. ” ___, The father of the alleged Manchester arena attacker denies his son is linked to militants or the suicide bombing that killed 22 people. Ramadan Abedi says he spoke to his    son, Salman Abedi, five days ago and he was getting ready to visit Saudi Arabia and sounded “normal. ” He said that his son visited Libya a      ago. The elder Abedi told The Associated Press by telephone from Tripoli: “We don’t believe in killing innocents. This is not us. ” He said his other son, Ismail, was arrested in England on Tuesday morning. He said Salman was planning to head from Saudi Arabia to Libya to spend the holy month of Ramadan with family. Abedi fled Tripoli in 1993 after Moammar Gadhafi’s security authorities issued an arrest warrant and eventually sought political asylum in Britain. Now, he is the administrative manager of the Central Security force in Tripoli.",0
3705,Ancient Egyptian Coin Proves Aliens Visited Earth,"Posted on October 30, 2016 by Edmondo Burr in Weird // 0 Comments The discovery of an ancient coin in an Egyptian house which depicts an alien- like creature is proof that UFOs and aliens have visited earth during its history, according to UFO researchers. 
Researchers have found numerous coins in the past that depict ‘flying objects’, but a discovery like the one posted below seems to offer more concrete proof that we have indeed been visiting by aliens – tens of thousands of years ago. 
A newly found coin – which by the way has all the right ingredients for being called out as a fake — has woken interest among skeptics and UFOlogists who are debating about its origin and authenticity. related content World Leader Set To Confirm Aliens Visit Earth By End of 2016 
According to thesun.co.uk , “during a house renovation in Egypt, someone came across a mysterious coin that seems to show the head of an extra-terrestrial being, with huge hollow eyes, a bald head and thin cheeks.” 
Mysterious Earth writes that: “A group of people who worked on the renovation of a house in southern Egypt found a number of very rare coins.” 
While any have rushed forward suggesting this is by far the best evidence of alien visitations, we need to hold on for a minute here and look at other possibilities. 
While the coin is sensational to say the least, it doesn’t necessarily mean its authentic, but for that matter neither fake. The truth is that with all findings of a similar controversy, people rush to make conclusions without considering all possibilities. 
The truth is that detailed information about the coin ‘depicting an alien-like creature’ is extremely limited. The only information we have is that it was discovered among ‘other ancient coins’ during a house renovation in Egypt. Nearly all of these coins have an inscription in Latin, which obviously mean they did not originate in Egypt, but most likely somewhere else. 
The coin with the mystery creature on its side has “ OPPORTUNUS Adest ” carved on the back, Latin for “ its here in due time. ” 
Whether or not the newly found coin depicting an alien-like creature is real or not remains a profound mystery. The most likely conclusion is that the coin is a modern forgery since NO EXPERTS have actually verified the item, analyzed it or seen it. All the information comes from different websites which can’t agree on what’s what. related content",0
3706,7 Castro Victims and Cuban Heroes Invited to Trump’s Cuba Announcement - Breitbart,"President Trump’s announcement of policy revisions toward Cuba  —   in which many strings on the Castro regime loosened by President Barack Obama were tightened again  —   was attended by a number of notable Cuban dissidents and victims of Castro violence. [Mario and Miriam de la Pena: Their son Mario Manuel de la Pena was murdered by the Castro regime in 1996 at the age of 25, while serving as a volunteer pilot for the humanitarian operation Brothers to the Rescue. He flew almost a hundred    missions before his plane and another Brothers to the Rescue aircraft were shot down by a Cuban   over international waters, killing three U. S. citizens and one legal resident of the United States.   The unprovoked attack on two unarmed,   planes was a blatant crime against humanity and violation of American law. The shootdown was condemned by both the United Nations Security Council and the U. N. Commission on Human Rights. A Cuban spy named Gerardo Hernandez was convicted in U. S. court of tipping off the Castro regime to the flight plans of Brothers to the Rescue planes. Hernandez served 16 years in prison before being released by Barack Obama and returned to Cuba, where he was hailed as a hero and decorated with a medal. Mirta Costa Mendez: Her brother Carlos Costa was another victim of the Brothers to the Rescue shootdown. Costa was 29 years old at the time of his death. “He was Brothers to the Rescue 24 hours a day,” his father said. “His greatest wish was to save lives. ” Antonio G. Rodiles: A Cuban dissident who often visits Miami to work with dissident groups based there, Rodiles was an outspoken critic of Obama’s policy and very energetic in calling upon Trump to erase it. “We have direct experience, including talking to President Obama, and the direct experience was that there was a lot of indolence in what happened with Cuba,” Rodiles said in March. “There was a moment when we understood that the administration was not an ally for democratic changes in Cuba, that they had a vision that Cuba was going to change in the long term and that we would have to accept  . ” His advice for the Trump administration to “recognize that they are dealing with a dictatorship” appears to have been heeded. “Many, many people are telling me that we have to squeeze the government once and for all. And many people I meet in the street have much tougher opinions than mine,” Rodiles said of his experiences in Cuba while preparing for Trump’s announcement Friday. Rosa Maria Paya: Her father Oswaldo Paya was a moderate but determined Cuban democracy activist who was murdered by the Castro regime in 2012. Coercive police state tactics were employed against the surviving witnesses to the vehicular homicide to cover up the crime.  His daughter carried on his work without hesitation. Her activities include calling out the regime for the abuses of power and terror tactics it supposedly abandoned when Obama implemented his liberalized policy. Rosa Maria has been subjected to some police harassment herself, and not just by Cuban police. She says she was subjected to unusual scrutiny and then threatened with deportation to Cuba by Panamanian police in 2015 because they feared she would cause a riot at the Summit of the Americas, which Cuba wanted to keep free of Cuban dissidents. The Panamanian government later apologized to her for what it called a “bureaucratic mistake. ” Sylvia Iriondo: The president of a group called Mothers and Women Against Repression, Iriondo was incensed at claims by   supporters of Obama’s policy that Cuba had changed and should be supported for liberalizing. “With all due respect, where have they been these past 56 years? If they are part of our community, they must have felt the pain of thousands of Cubans who were victims of arbitrary human rights violations by a regime intent on maintaining its grip on power via repression and terror,” she wrote at the Miami Herald in December 2015. She wondered how any member of the   community could fail to see that the Castro regime was still killing its opponents, driving families to escape the island, and using totalitarian tactics to retain power. “These gentlemen are not my fellow Cuban Americans,” she declared. Iriondo was angered by the way President Obama’s supporters were ready to forget about all those who “have given their lives for freedom or have died in the pursuit of freedom,” as she said at an event commemorating the Castro regime’s victims. Luis Haza: Born in Cuba, violinist Luis Haza was a child prodigy who began performing at the age of 11. His father was murdered by Fidel Castro when he was a child for the crime of supporting democracy and the mistake of thinking Castro would deliver it. He refused international scholarship offers to study with some of the world’s greatest violinists, telling a Cuban official: “No, but if you send me to the United States, I will go. ” His family eventually fled Cuba for Spain, and then came to America. “I had so much emotion pent up that music became my obsession. Since I could not express my feelings verbally, violin became my way of expression,” he said in a 2003 interview. He is now able to express those feelings verbally, musically, and through tireless education and activism in the cause of freedom. As President Trump said during his introduction of Haza in Miami on Friday, he was forced at gunpoint to play music after refusing to participate in a command performance for Raul Castro, so he played the American national anthem, which he also performed before Trump’s address. “You could hear a pin drop. I finished playing, and nobody knew what to do,” he said of that boyhood act of defiance against Castro’s evil.  Jorge Luis Garcia Perez and Bertha Antunez: Jorge Luis Garcia Perez, who often goes by the name “Antunez,” was arrested in 1990 at the age of 24 for protesting the Castro regime and its discrimination against the   minority. His   sentence ended up lasting for 17 years, thanks to such acts of defiance as refusing to attend “ ” sessions. He wrote that “like many young Cubans, I have wasted my best years in prison, charged with the sole crime of not sharing the government’s ideology. ” His sister Bertha Antunez strenuously objected to President Obama’s normalization of relations with Cuba, signing an open letter calling it “little more than a string of unilateral concessions to a totalitarian dictatorship that has tirelessly repressed the Cuban people for the past 56 years. ” “This has been a year of repression and jailings in Cuba,” she said in 2015. “The repression has increased in Cuba because the government believes that it can repress anytime and nothing happens. On the contrary, they have recognized us as a legitimate government. ” Bertha Antunez was chosen to collect an award from the National Endowment for Democracy on behalf of a group of Cuban dissidents, including her father, in 2009. President Obama did not meet with her or issue a message of support to the group she represented, despite two weeks’ advance notice. The Obama White House responded to media inquiries about the snub by claiming it was a clerical error.",0
3707,Democrats are Racist for Calling Black Trump Supporters Uneducated Red Necks,"Democrats are Racist for Calling Black Trump Supporters Uneducated Red Necks page: 1 link Its ok to call us white Trump supporters all that but when You mess with our black friends then that's another issue. Democrats need to realize that some black folks and white folks all grew up with different opportunities and school zones, that is SO RACIST to call them uneducated, its fine to call us whites that but not our black brothers and sisters, the Hispanics and all other non whites. How dare the Clintons offend our black and other minority members , Im sure some liberal will come along and say something totally ignorant like trump doesn't have and black supporters, well he does, over 20% of them. True, the democrats didn't single out the blacks and minorities, they referred to all of us as lots of things, all of us AMERICANS that weren't equal in our financial upbringings. You see, I see all of us Trump supporters as 3 colors, red white and blue. I see us all as Ameicans and not trying to DIVIDE people like the democrats.",0
3708,Confronting China: an Interview with John Pilger,"TJC: Please tell us about your new film, The Coming War on China . JP: The Coming War on China is my 60th film and perhaps one of the most urgent. It continues the theme of illuminating the imposition of great power behind a facade of propaganda as news. In 2011, President Obama announced a ‘pivot to Asia’ of US forces: almost two-thirds of American naval power would be transferred to Asia and the Pacific by 2020. The undeclared rationale for this was the ‘threat’ from China, by some measure now the greatest economic power. The Secretary of Defense, Ash Carter, says US policy is to confront those ‘who see America’s dominance and want to take that away from us’. The film examines power in both countries and how nuclear weapons, in American eyes, are the bedrock of its dominance. In its first ‘chapter’, the film reveals how most of the population of the Marshall Islands in the Pacific were unwittingly made into nuclear guinea pigs in a programme whose secrets – and astonishing archive – are related to the presence of a missile base now targeting China. The Coming War on China will be released in cinemas in the UK on December 1st and broadcast on ITV (in the UK) on December 6th. TJC: How do you assess Australia’s role in America’s ‘Pivot to Asia’? JP: Australia is virtually the 51st state of the US. Although China is Australia’s biggest trader, on which much of the national economy relies, ‘confronting China’ is the diktat from Washington. The Australian political establishment, especially the military and intelligence agencies, are fully integrated into what is known as the ‘alliance’, along with the dominant Murdoch media. I often feel a certain sadness about the way my own country – with all its resources and opportunities – seems locked into such an unnecessary, dangerous obsequious role in the world. If the ‘pivot’ proceeds, Australia could find itself fighting, yet again, a great power’s war. TJC: With regards to the British and American media, how can the US get away with selling China as a threat when it is encircling China? Obama and vassal leader Abe: Nothing that this duo plots is good for humanity. JP: That’s a question that goes to the heart of modern-day propaganda. China is encircled by a ‘noose’ of some 400 US bases, yet the news has ignored this while concentrating on the ‘threat’ of China building airstrips on disputed islets in the South China Sea, clearly as a defence to a US Navy blockade. TJC: Obama’s visit to Japan, and particularly to Hiroshima, was a really cynical act. What was your impression of Japan and the political situation there? JP: Japan is an American colony in all but name – certainly in terms of its relationship with the rest of the world and especially China. The historian Bruce Cumings explores this in an interview in the film. Within the constraints of American dominance, indeed undeterred by Washington, Japan’s current prime minister Shinzo Abe has developed an extreme nationalist position, in which contrition for Japanese actions in the Second World War is anathema and the post-war ‘peace constitution’ is likely to be changed. Abe has gone as far as boasting that Japan will use nuclear weapons if it wants. In any US conflict with China, Japan – which last year announced its biggest ever ‘defence’ budget – would play a critical role. There are 32 US military installations on the Japanese island of Okinawa, facing China. However, there is a sense in modern Asia that power in the world has indeed moved east and peaceful ‘Asian solutions’ to regional animosities are possible. TJC: Do you think the new trade and investment deals like the Transatlantic Trade and Investment Partnership (TTIP) and especially the Transpacific Partnership (TPP) will affect China’s business operations? JP: It’s difficult to say, but I doubt it. What is remarkable about the rise of China is the way it has built, almost in the blink of an eye, a trade, investment and banking structure that rivals that of the Bretton Woods institutions. Unknown to many of us, China is developing its ‘New Silk Road’ to Europe at an astonishing pace. China’s response to threats from Washington is a diplomacy that’s tied to this development, and which includes a burgeoning alliance with Russia. This interview was originally published by the Plymouth Institute for Peace Research . NOTE:   T.J. Coles is the author of Britain’s Secret Wars (2016, Clairview Books). John Pilger, internatinally renowned Australian journalist and antiwar activist needs little introduction to our audience.   
What will it take to bring America to live according to its own propaganda?  ",0
3709,The Director of the FBI Reopens the Hillary Case,"  Recipient Email => 
Word has reached me from Washington that the FBI has reopened the Hillary case of her violation of US National Security protocols, not because of the content of the new email releases, but because voter support for Trump seems to be overwhelming, while Hillary has cancelled appearances due to inability to muster a crowd. The popular vote leaves the FBI far out on the limb for its corrupt clearance of Hillary. The agency now has to redeem itself. 
I myself do not know what precisely to think. Having been at the top of the Washington hierarchy for a quarter century, I have seen many mistaken judgments. At one time I had subpoena power over the CIA and was able to inform President Reagan that the CIA had misled him. He took note and proceeded with his policy of ending the Cold War with the Soviets. On other issues I have been mistaken, because I assumed that there was more integrity in government than actually exists. 
However, FBI director Comey did not need to reopen the case against Hillary simply because some new incriminating emails appeared. Having dismissed the other incriminating evidence, these emails could have passed unremarked. 
The problem for the FBI, which once was a trusted American institution, but no longer is, is that there is no longer any doubt that Donald Trump will win the popular vote for president of the United States. His appearances are so heavily attended that thousands are turned away by local fire/occupancy regulations. In contrast, Hillary has curtailed her appearances, because she doesn’t draw more than 30 or 40 people. 
Americans are sick to death of the corrupt Clintons and the corrupt American media. The Clintons are so completely bought-and-paid-for by the Oligarchy that they were able to outspend Hollywood on their daughter’s wedding, dropping $3,000,000 on the event. 
Nevertheless, I don’t underestimate the power of the Oligarchy. As Assistant Secretary of the US Treasury I experienced the Oligarchy’s power. If I had not been backed by the President of the United States, I would have been destroyed. 
Indeed, the Oligarchy is still trying to destroy me. 
Possibly Trump, as his enemies allerge, is just another fake, like Obama who misled the electorate. However, Trump attacks the Oligarchy so strongly that it is hard to believe that Trump isn’t real. Trump is asking for a bullet like John F. Kennedy, like Robert Kennedy, like Martin Luther King, like George Wallace. 
In Amerika, dissidents are exterminated. 
Trump is up against voting machines over which he has no control. If there are no INDEPENDENT exit polls, Trump can easily be robbed of the election, as the Texas early voting scandal indicates, with the electronic machines assigning Trump votes to Hillary. The “glitch” doesn’t assign any Hillary votes to Trump. 
My expectation is that, unless Trump’s popular vote is so overwhelming, the electoral collage vote will be stolen. Because of the absence of any valid reporting by the presstitutes, I don’t know what impact the orchestrated election of Hillary would have on the electorate. Possibly, Americans will break out of The Matrix and take to the streets. 
I beleve that Hillary in the Oval Office would convince the Russians and the Chinese that their national survival requires a pre-emptive nuclear attack on the crazed, insane government of the United States, the complete narcisstic state that in the words of Hillary and Obama is “the exceptional, indispensible country,” empowered by History to impose its will on the world. This crazed American agenda is not something that Russia and China will accept. 
Here is Donald Trump speaking to Americans in words Americans have been waiting to hear: 
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=D8prvxjW2wM 
Notice that Trump doesn’t need teleprompters. 
I do not agree with Trump on many issues, but the American people do. For me and for the world, the importance of Trump is the prospect of peace with Russia. Nuclear war makes every other problem irrelevant. 
If Hillary is installed by the Oligarchy—this is a word used by former Democratic President Jimmy Carter who said that the US is no longer a functioning democracy but is ruled by an Oligarchy—war with Russia and China will be upon us. 
After 15 years the Taliban and ISIS still run wild in the Middle East despite the efforts of the American “superpower.” Unable to defeat a few lightly armied Taiban after 15 years, what prospects does the enfeebled US have of winning a conflict with Russia and China? 
None whatsoever. 
The United States has had an entire generation of people born into a war for which the purpose is inexplicable. Why these wars? Why this endless slaughter of women and children and endless columns of refugees overwhelming all of Europe desperately striving to escape Washington’s wars of world hegemony. Why do not the total dumbshits in Washington hear when the President of Russia says that “Russia can no longer tolerate the state of affairs that Washington has created in the world.” 
The unjustified arrogance of Washington, a washed up Third World State, is likely to destroy life on earth. No greater danger to life exists than Washington. We have to hope that Trump can clean out the Augean Stables. (Reprinted from PaulCraigRoberts.org  ",0
3710,Hackers Force “Bank ATMs to Spew Cash”: Grid Vulnerabilities System-wide,"
With everything online, nothing is safe from criminals.
Every ATM and every device is potentially hackable, and now a string of banks in Asia is learning the hard way that many people will go to great lengths in order to hit jackpot.
Gangs are now taking advantage of system exploits, and have hatched a scheme to infiltrate banks’ code and turn on the automatic ATM dispenser, letting the cash flow freely out of the machine – dramatic, and dangerous.
The whole system open to fraud, manipulation and outright theft; and as thieves become more organized, sophisticated rings are targeting not just individual accounts, individual customers or individual supply sources, but rather they are opening up the gates to the bank vaults themselves – in a way that was never possible in the old days.
via WSJ :
Cybercriminals who once earned millions by breaking into individual online bank accounts are now targeting the banks’ own computers, with often-dramatic results. 
In Taiwan and Thailand earlier this year, the criminals programmed bank ATMs to spew cash. Gang members stood in front of the machines at the appointed hour and collected millions of dollars. 
Earlier this month, the Federal Bureau of Investigation warned U.S. banks of the potential for similar attacks.
The FBI said in a bulletin that it is “monitoring emerging reports indicating that well-resourced and organized malicious cyber actors have intentions to target the U.S. financial sector.” 
The FBI bulletin cited software used by a Russian gang known as Buhtrap. Sometimes the hackers break into the systems that process transactions on banking payment networks; other times they have hit ATM networks directly.
[…]
“These guys, who could have been in the past just going after consumers…are breaking into financial institutions,” said Eric Chien, technical director of Symantec Corp.’s Security Technology and Response division.
The computer code to carry out the attacks was released earlier this year by a disgruntled Buhtrap member… 
It seems that ample evidence exists that the powers that be shouldn’t be wrapping everything up in the grid, and yet they are.
While they kinds of events reinforce the reasons that we shouldn’t invest everything in the banks, or trust the system to be there when we need it, but rather to hedge into cash, commodities, barter and as much self-reliance as one could muster.
This is the clearest reason yet in the news cycle as to why you shouldn’t be keeping your money at the bank – certainly not more than you could bear to lost in a crisis.
With every new crisis, the system will position for more control, selling cyber security, enhancing biometrics and security questions, but the same fatal flaws remain: too much centralized power over everyone’s finances… and too easy for people to take advantage of it all in one place.
Governments can’t be trusted with all that power and data, and neither should the banks – if only because bad people can then get what they want.
We’re walking on eggshells of a fragile system… and its illusion of strength is one of its most dangerous appeals, false security.
Read more: 
The Lock Down Has Begun: JP Morgan Restricts ATM Cash Withdrawals 
Intelligence Insider: How To Protect Your Assets From Critical Infrastructure Failure: “Power Grid, Banking System, Cyber Financial Warfare” 
This is Why You Need Your Money Out of the Bank: Freeze Outs, Glitches and Holds Increasingly Locking Customers Out of Funds 
How to Hide Your Money Where the Bankers Won’t Find It 
What Guns? What Gold? Prepper Tips On “Hiding Your Guns in Plain Sight” 
Future Money: Why The State Is Trying to Outlaw “Disruptive” Cryptocurrency 
",0
3711,The President Of The United States of America: Donald J. Trump,"Election Results Confirmed Via: Bloomberg , Google 
NBC Reports: Hillary Clinton has phoned Donald Trump To Concede 
Ladies and gentlemen, The President-Elect Of The United States of America: 

(Pictured: The cover Newsweek refused to print. Millions of copies of Hillary’s cover were printed and sent to book stores.) 
Coming Soon to 1600 Pennsylvania Ave. : 

And the cover that never made it (but was printed because of a “business decision” at Newsweek) 

",0
3712,"Marc Riboud, Photojournalist Who Found Grace in the Turbulent, Dies at 93 - The New York Times","Marc Riboud, the celebrated French photojournalist who captured moments of grace even in the most fraught situations around the world, died in Paris on Tuesday. He was 93. The cause was Alzheimer’s disease, his wife, Catherine Chaine, said. Mr. Riboud’s career of more than 60 years carried him routinely to turbulent places throughout Asia and Africa in the 1950s and ’60s, but he may be best remembered for two photographs taken in the developed world. The first, from 1953, is of a workman poised like an angel in overalls between a lattice of girders while painting the Eiffel Tower  —   one hand raising a paintbrush, one leg bent in a seemingly Chaplinesque attitude. The second, from 1967, is of a young woman presenting a flower to a phalanx of   members of the National Guard during an   War demonstration at the Pentagon. Both images were published in Life magazine during what is often called the golden age of photojournalism, an era Mr. Riboud (pronounced  ) exemplified. A protégé of Henri   he was on the front lines of world events, including wars. Even so, Mr. Riboud did not consider himself a record keeper. “I have shot very rarely news,” he once said. Rather than portray the military parades or political leaders of the Soviet Union, for example, he was drawn to anonymous citizens sitting in the snow, holding miniature chess boards and absorbed in their books. Of the many hundreds of shots he published from Bangladesh, Cambodia, China, India, Japan, Pakistan, Tibet and Turkey, only a handful are of figures written about by historians. Born on June 24, 1923, in St.   near Lyon, he was the fifth and, by his account, the most shy of seven children from a bourgeois family that expected him to take up a respectable vocation. It was his father, an enthusiastic traveler and amateur photographer, who led him astray by giving him a   Kodak when Marc was a teenager. His first photographs were of the Paris Exposition in 1937. After World War II, in which he fought around Vercors as a member of the Resistance, Mr. Riboud studied mechanical engineering at the École Centrale in Lyon. He took a factory job in the nearby town of Villeurbanne after graduating in 1948. Not until he found himself taking pictures of a cultural festival in Lyon during a weeklong vacation in 1951 did he at last decide to commit to the unstable life of a freelance photojournalist. He moved to Paris in 1952. There he met   who became his mentor. Already a celebrity in his field, this “salutary tyrant,” as Mr. Riboud called him, dictated “which books to read, what political ideas I should have, which museums and galleries to visit. ” “He taught me about life and about the art of photography,” Mr. Riboud said. Among the lessons imparted was that “good photography” is dependent on “good geometry. ” The Eiffel Tower photograph from 1953, the first that Mr. Riboud published, proves how well the pupil absorbed the lesson. In a radio interview more than 50 years later, he still recalled the   caption given to the image by the Life copy writers: “  on the Eiffel. ” In 1953,   nominated his protégé to join Magnum, the photo collective he had helped found. Until 1979, when he left to go out on his own, Mr. Riboud traveled and photographed for the agency constantly. In 1955, he drove a specially equipped Land Rover to Calcutta from Paris, staying for a year in India. He was also one of the first Westerners to photograph in Communist China, and he spent three months in the Soviet Union in 1960. Throughout the 1950s and ’60s he documented the anticolonial independence movements in Algeria and West Africa, and during the Vietnam War he was among the few able to move easily between the North and South. In the United States, he documented not only protests against the Vietnam War but also a pensive Maureen Dean listening to her husband, the Nixon aide John W. Dean, testify at the Watergate hearings in 1973. Among the events he documented in recent decades were the return of Ayatollah Ruhollah Khomeini to Iran the Solidarity movement in Poland the trial of Klaus Barbie, the Gestapo chief in Lyon during World War II the end of apartheid in South Africa and the mood in the United States before the election of President Obama. During the last third of his life, Mr. Riboud was recognized by museums in many of the countries where he had worked. Photographs from his travels were collected in more than a dozen monographs, including “Marc Riboud: Photographs at Home and Abroad” (1986) “Marc Riboud: Journal” (1988) and “Marc Riboud in China: Forty Years of Photography” (1996). Among many other shows, Mr. Riboud was honored with exhibitions at the Art Institute of Chicago, in 1964, and the International Center of Photography in New York, in 1975, 1988 and 1997. He was the subject of retrospectives at the Musée d’Art Moderne de la Ville de Paris in 1985 and the Maison Européenne de la Photographie in Paris in 2004. Unlike some artists who resent that the public’s infatuation with a few of their works has turned them into clichés, Mr. Riboud did not mind describing the circumstances behind “The Eiffel Tower Painter. ” No, he did not ask the workman to pose, he would answer patiently. To have spoken to the man might have caused him to slip. “I’ve always been shy, and I’ve always been trying to ignore the people I was photographing so that they ignore me,” he said. Of the flower girl at the Pentagon, a    high school student named Jan Rose Kasmir, he ventured, “I had the feeling the soldiers were more afraid of her than she was of the bayonets. ” (The two later reunited in London, where he photographed her carrying a poster of the 1967 image at a demonstration against the Iraq War in 2003.) The immense popularity of these two photographs, assisted by countless reproductions, could well have warped perceptions of Mr. Riboud’s highly diverse body of work. And yet they did truly represent the gravitational bent of his personality. “I have always been more sensitive to the beauty of the world than to violence and monsters,” he wrote in an essay in 2000. “My obsession is with photographing life at its most intense as intensely as possible. It’s a mania, a virus as strong as my instinct to be free. If taste for life diminishes, the photographs pale, because taking pictures is like savoring life at 125th of a second. ” In 1961, he married Barbara Chase, the American sculptor, poet and novelist. The marriage ended in divorce in the 1980s. Besides his second wife, Ms. Chaine, a journalist and author, Mr. Riboud is survived by two sons from his first marriage, David and Alexei and a daughter, Clémence, and a son, Théo, from his second marriage. Mr. Riboud’s weakness for sentimental subjects and   causes marred his reputation with some critics. But this optimism, coupled with his overt sympathies for the downtrodden and a working style that put an emphasis on freedom of movement, unencumbered by any equipment except a camera and his wits, also served to keep him photographing until the end of his life. Until a few years ago, he would begin each day by loading film into his Canon EOS 300. “My vision of the world is simple,” Mr. Riboud said when he was in his 80s. “Tomorrow, each new day, I want to see the city, take new photographs, meet people and wander alone. ”",0
3713,Cyclone Debbie Strikes Australia’s Coastline as Thousands Flee - The New York Times,"SYDNEY, Australia  —   A menacing Cyclone Debbie struck the northeastern Australian coastline with devastating force Tuesday, slowly churning its path of destruction inland with wind gusts as high as 160 miles per hour, forcing tens of thousands to flee and leaving at least 48, 000 homes without power. After lashing   tourist islands off the coast, the storm bore down on the mainland, tearing roofs from homes and drenching   coastal towns with heavy rainfall. Its slow, potent march inland had officials fearing widespread damage, but the loss of telephone service and power left emergency responders struggling to assess the situation. “This is a dangerous cyclone,” said Annastacia Palaszczuk, the premier of Queensland. “We are seeing some structural damage in places such as Proserpine, and we expect that there will be that sort of damage along some of those small coastal communities, which are in the direct path of Cyclone Debbie. ” The storm made landfall around 1 p. m. near the resort town of Airlie Beach, which was hit by winds of up to 160 miles an hour, damaging roofs and knocking over palm trees. By nightfall, it was downgraded to a Category 3 storm, from a Category 4, as it began “curving to a more southerly track over inland Queensland,” the Bureau of Meteorology said. A Category 3 storm on the Australian scale typically entails gusts of more than 102 miles an hour. Ms. Palaszczuk said it was difficult to assess the damage. “We’re starting to see it where they’re actually losing communication, and that’s the biggest problem for us  —   because we just don’t know how many people are injured, the status of their homes,” she said. Prime Minister Malcolm Turnbull told Parliament that “conditions have deteriorated badly” in Queensland, adding that the Choules, a landing ship with helicopters and medical personnel, was dispatched to the area, as were air force airlift craft. The government has deployed 1, 000 personnel to provide assistance and disaster relief, with the army on standby to help out. The Insurance Council of Australia declared the cyclone a catastrophe, activating a hotline to help policy holders with claims. The cyclone forced thousands of people to seek shelter well away from   coastal areas. Lama Ghee, 39, arrived at the Ayr shelter with his sister, daughter and three nieces. “I don’t want to stay there in a big cyclone like this and get blown away,” he said, noting that his house was made of wood and was in disrepair and that he feared a storm surge. “I am thinking of my children and my nieces. ” The cyclone was of a size that had not been seen in the state since Cyclone Yasi, a severe tropical storm, hit in 2011. That storm, which caused billions of dollars in damage, was one of the most powerful cyclones to have affected Queensland since   began, according to the Australian Bureau of Meteorology. The slow path of the storm this week had officials concerned about its destructive force. “Debbie is a very large,   system,” said John Fowler, a spokesman for Ergon Energy, noting that 48, 000 customers were without power in the Bowen, Whitsunday and Mackay areas. “This one is actually taking its time, so the longer it takes, the more damage it will do  —   not just to our network but obviously to property as well. ” Among the   concerns was further damage to the Great Barrier Reef, which has already been seriously degraded by warming waters. “There’s probably quite a lot of reef area in the footprint of Cyclone Debbie that’s at risk from damage from the wind and the waves,” said David Wachenfeld, director of reef recovery at the Great Barrier Reef Marine Park Authority. “So it’s a double whammy for the reef with bleaching. ”",0
3714,"Keith Ellison as DNC Chair: Another High Place, Another Empty Black Face","Tweet Widget A Black Agenda Radio Commentary by BAR managing editor Bruce A. Dixon 
In a decade on the House Financial Services Committee Keith Ellison hasn’t targeted the credit card racketeers, or the banksters who flooded the market with predatory home and student loans or federal officials who refuse to relieve underwater homeowners. Democratic party leaders need another empty black face to front the DNC, someone who blames Wikileaks and the Russians for Hillary’s defeat. Ellison will do just fine. Keith Ellison as DNC Chair: Another High Place, Another Empty Black Face A Black Agenda Radio Commentary by BAR managing editor Bruce A. Dixon 
In the wake of Donald Trump’s election, Democratic party honchos are scrambling to reassure their funders and to shore up the careers of Democratic elected officials who serve those funders. They must justify and retain whatever hold they still have on the millions of nominal Democratic voters who actually have no voice whatsoever in what their party stands for. 
At bottom, the two capitalist parties are owned by the same class of elite one percenter funders but with different voting bases At least one US party is always the self-declared White Man’s Party. Since the late sixties Republicans have reserved that slot for themselves, leaving Democrats to claim the allegiance of racial minorities and some other groups. The different voting bases of the two parties mean they have different campaign styles, but when the campaigns are over they’re both as Barack Obama affirmed, on the same team. Both parties deliver the mandate of their constituencies to their common funders, Big Ag, Big Oil, Big Insurance, Big Pharma, Big Real Estate, the military contractors and Wall Street. 
After the departures of Debbie Wasserman-Schulz and Donna Brazile, both deeply implicated in the sabotaging of Bernie Sanders and Hillary Clinton’s loss, Democrats need a new face at the head of the Democratic National Committee, the national party’s executive body. Ideally it should be someone who reassures the funders and can help rally the base voters. The leading contender is Keith Ellison, just elected to his sixth term in Congress from Minneapolis. 
Keith Ellison seems a good fit. He was the first Muslim ever elected to Congress, a member of the Congressional Black Caucus and current co-chair of the large and virtually impotent House Progressive Caucus. He was an early endorser of Bernie Sanders who did his duty trying to lead leftward strays back into Hillary’s big tent . In a decade on the House Financial Services Committee, Ellison managed not to deeply offend the banksters who flooded the market with predatory housing and student loans, or the payday lenders and credit card racketeers, and he didn’t embarrass or insult the colleagues who openly shill for them. In that target rich environment Ellison managed not just to keep from hitting anything, but not even to take aim. 
By contrast, Senator Elizabeth Warren in 2014 made headlines when she grilled Ellison's former Congressional Black Caucus colleague Mel Watt , on why the agency he heads, despite a clear mandate from Congress to reduce the principals on potentially millions of unpayable predatory home loans, refused to reduce the principal on a single one. Three years later the news is that the agency may reduce principal on a mere 3,100 home loans at most . We’re still waiting to hear from Ellison and the other eight black Democrats on the committee on this failure. 
But Ellison is black. He’s the first Muslim elected to Congress, he’s smart enough and telegenic. He votes infallibly to support the apartheid regime in Israel, and he says if it were up to him there’d have been a no-fly zone (and possible shooting war with the Russians) a long time ago. 
Hillary’s indispensable firewall was supposed to be the black vote, for which she needed to do little else than mumble about “black lives mattering” and pose occasionally with the mothers of some of those murdered by police. Democratic shot callers seem to still believe that all they need is another empty black face in a high place. They won’t get another First Black President. It was Hillary’s turn and that didn’t work out. Now it’s Keith Ellison’s turn. He's another empty black face in a very high place. 
For Black Agenda Radio I’m Bruce Dixon. Find us on the web at www.blackagendareport.com . Bruce A. Dixon is managing editor at Black Agenda Report and co-chair of the GA Green Party. He lives and works near Marietta GA and can be reached via email at bruce.dixon(at)blackagendareport.com.",0
3715,Trump Vows Quick Action to Stop Terrorism After Setback in Court - The New York Times,"WASHINGTON  —   President Trump vowed on Friday to order new security measures by next week intended to stop terrorists from entering the United States, even as aides debated whether to ask the Supreme Court to reinstate his original travel ban that has now been blocked by lower courts. A day after a   panel rebuffed him, Mr. Trump said he might sign “a   order” as early as Monday that would be aimed at accomplishing the same purpose but, presumably, with a stronger legal basis. While he vowed to keep fighting for the original order in court, he indicated that he would not wait for the process to play out to take action. “We will win that battle,” he told reporters on Air Force One as he flew to Florida for a weekend golf outing with Prime Minister Shinzo Abe of Japan. Yet noting that it most likely would not happen quickly, he also raised the possibility of “a lot of other options, including just filing a   order. ” Asked if he would do that, Mr. Trump said, “We need speed for reasons of security, so it very well could be. ” The president’s pivot represented a   tactical retreat even as he insisted that he would prevail in the long run. The battle over his order, which suspended refugee flows and temporarily blocked visitors from seven predominantly Muslim countries, has come to define Mr. Trump’s young presidency both at home and abroad, and has tested his capacity to impose his will on a political and legal system that he has vowed to master but that has resisted his demands. Mr. Trump typically prefers a fight, but drafting a new travel order would acknowledge that sometimes a president must find other ways to proceed. Asked to describe what he had in mind for a new executive order, he said: “We’re going to have very, very strong vetting. I call it extreme vetting, and we’re going very strong on security. We are going to have people coming to our country that want to be here for good reason. ” White House officials denied news reports that the president would not appeal the case to the Supreme Court. “All options remain on the table,” Sean Spicer, the White House press secretary, said by email late Friday. A new version of the executive order would amount to a tacit admission that the administration would not be able to quickly or easily overturn the decision issued on Thursday by a panel of the United States Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit. Even some conservative lawyers allied with the White House said there was little chance of prevailing right away with the Supreme Court, which is divided along ideological lines with a seat vacant. Emboldened by the appeals court, Democrats attacked Mr. Trump for trying to subvert American values. “I promise you, we will fight back,” Representative Joseph Crowley of New York, the chairman of the House Democratic Caucus, said in his party’s weekly radio and internet address. “We will resist. We will resist on behalf of what is American. And we will resist on behalf of the immigrants who came here in the past and who will come here in the future. ” Mr. Trump has other ways to soldier on. The Ninth Circuit decision left in place a temporary restraining order blocking the travel order, but did not rule on the underlying constitutional or legal issues of the case. The president could ask the full Ninth Circuit to hear an appeal on the restraining order, or he could return to the lower courts for a battle over the merits, which would take longer to conclude. The administration was still fighting battles in other courts across the nation. Lawyers for the Justice Department were back in court in Alexandria, Va. outside the nation’s capital, arguing against a preliminary injunction that would halt the travel ban from being enforced nationwide. Given multiple challenges, the idea of starting over appealed to the White House. Edward Whelan, the president of the Ethics and Public Policy Center and an advocate of Mr. Trump’s Supreme Court nominee, Judge Neil M. Gorsuch, wrote on Twitter that it was “utterly crazy” to expect the justices to overturn Thursday’s ruling. As a result, Mr. Whelan wrote, it would be better to develop a “sensible” executive order and unveil it “with clear expectations” for carrying it out. The original executive order issued last month barred refugees from anywhere in the world from entering the United States for 120 days and refugees from Syria indefinitely. It also cut off visitors for 90 days from Iran, Iraq, Libya, Somalia, Sudan, Syria and Yemen. Mr. Trump said he needed time to tighten screening procedures. White House officials could draft a new order that would address some of the concerns raised by the judges. A new order, for instance, could explicitly state that it did not apply to permanent legal residents holding green cards. After some initial crossed signals, the White House and the Department of Homeland Security have said Mr. Trump’s original ban does not affect green card holders, but the appeals court judges pointed out that was not in the text of the order. The White House could also narrow the categories of people affected, or change the list of countries targeted. And it could take out provisions intended to give preference to religious minorities, which in Muslim countries would refer to Christians, among others. Mr. Trump said in a television interview that he wanted to give preference to Christian refugees, but the judges expressed concern about a religious rule that could be discriminatory. Mr. Trump has also argued that the restrictions were necessary to stop terrorists from entering the United States, citing attacks in Europe over the past year. As the United States has struggled with terrorism since the Sept. 11, 2001, attacks, no one has been killed in a terrorist attack on American soil by anyone from one of those seven countries  —   a point noted by the judges  —   although some   attackers from them have been thwarted. The White House could try to offer a stronger rationale for why a temporary ban would actually stop terrorism. In his weekly address, Mr. Trump told Americans he was “committed to your security” and would not be deterred by criticism of his order. “We will not allow our generous system of immigration to be turned against us as a tool for terrorism and truly bad people,” he said. Mr. Trump’s attacks on the judiciary have drawn criticism. He initially called a federal district judge in Seattle who first blocked his executive order a “  judge” and said Americans should blame the judge if there were a terrorist attack. When the appeals court took up the case, he said a “bad high school student” would uphold the order. Mr. Trump started Friday with another attack on the appeals court ruling, calling it “a disgraceful decision. ” But for much of the rest of the day, he avoided the incendiary language he has been using. At a White House news conference with Mr. Abe before flying to Florida, he said he would fight in court, but did not address the judges. Mr. Trump suggested that he had learned more about the threat of terrorism from intelligence briefings since he took office. “While I’ve been president, which is just for a very short period of time, I’ve learned tremendous things that you could only learn, frankly, if you were in a certain position, namely president,” he said. “And there are tremendous threats to our country. We will not allow that to happen. I can tell you that right now. We will not allow that to happen. ”",0
3716,"Leaked Email: ‘If She Wins, Hillary Will Own The Supreme Court for the Next 30 to 40 Years’","Leaked Email: ‘If She Wins, Hillary Will Own The Supreme Court for the Next 30 to 40 Years’   Tweet 
This. Is. Horrifying. 
In another Wikileaks email , this time from Chairman of the National Jewish Democratic Council Marc Stanley to Hillary campaign chairman John Podesta dated February 11, 2016, Stanley lays out his best argument for why voters should choose Hillary over Bernie… 
(click to enlarge) 
He writes: 
I tell the voter that I like Bernie and I like Hillary, but that’s not what matters. What matters to me is that there are 4 justices on the Supreme Court who will be in their 80’s and be replaced by the next president – and that President will appoint 40 year old Justices and they will serve for 30 or 40 years.",0
3717,Donald Trump’s Warning to Paul Ryan Signals Further G.O.P. Discord - The New York Times,"The rift in the Republican Party grew deeper on Sunday and threatened to upset the July convention as Donald J. Trump refused to rule out blocking Paul D. Ryan, the speaker of the House, from serving as the convention’s chairman. Mr. Trump’s warning was his latest affront to Republicans who have urged him to adopt a more cooperative and unifying tone. And it amounted to an extraordinary escalation in tensions between the party’s presumptive nominee and its   officeholder. In a series of television interviews that aired Sunday, Mr. Trump demonstrated little interest in making peace with party leaders like Mr. Ryan who have called on him to more convincingly lay out his commitment to the issues and ideas that have animated the conservative movement for the last generation. “I’m going to do what I have to do  —   I have millions of people that voted for me,” Mr. Trump said on ABC’s “This Week. ” “So I have to stay true to my principles also. And I’m a conservative, but don’t forget, this is called the Republican Party. It’s not called the Conservative Party. ” If anything, Mr. Trump’s candidacy has thrived because of his resistance to party politics as usual, not in spite of it. He has broken with Republican leadership in Congress on trade, military intervention and immigration policy. And he appears as determined as ever not to fall in line now that he has effectively secured the nomination. Mr. Trump’s differences with those in the party who think they have earned more of a right to set its political and ideological course have led to a rupture at the time when Republicans would ordinarily be trying to put the messy personal clashes of the primary contests behind them. These divisions have played out most openly and vividly around the planning of the Republican National Convention. It is a telling reflection of the state of Republican politics: an escalating spat over going to a party for a party that is coming undone. Four of the last five Republican presidential nominees  —   George Bush, George W. Bush, John McCain and Mitt Romney  —   have said they will skip the convention in Cleveland, where Mr. Trump is expected to be formally nominated. Mr. Ryan, who serves as the convention’s ceremonial chairman, has made the provocative declaration that he is not ready to support his party’s likely nominee, a rebuke that drew Mr. Trump’s threat, in an interview with NBC News, to keep him from assuming that role. The large corporations that usually fund both parties’ conventions have grown wary of becoming involved. They are holding back on sponsorships, leaving Cleveland about $7 million short of its $64 million   goal just 10 weeks before the festivities begin. “Conventions have always been platforms for different views inside the party, with the understanding that primaries are about our differences and the general election is supposed to be about coming together,” said Kevin Madden, a Republican consultant who has worked on several presidential campaigns, most recently in 2012 for Mr. Romney. “But the big, open rift that nobody can deny is that there’s a lot we still don’t agree on,” he said. With Mr. Trump’s two remaining rivals, Senator Ted Cruz of Texas and Gov. John Kasich of Ohio, now out of the race, Republicans have defused their biggest possible crisis ahead of the convention: having a bitter fight for the nomination play out in front of tens of millions on television. But they seemed to be barreling toward another. Questions over Mr. Trump’s conservative credentials refuse to die, causing some Republicans to make demands of him that are   for the party’s  . Conservative activists have called on Mr. Trump to identify before he arrives in Cleveland people he would appoint as cabinet members, Supreme Court justices or even vice president, gestures they say would calm fears over the sincerity of his conservatism. Tony Perkins, a convention delegate from Louisiana who is the president of the conservative Family Research Council and had supported Mr. Cruz before he dropped out of the race last week, said Mr. Trump could not afford to antagonize any more voters. “The margins he has to work with in terms of electoral success are very small,” he said. Unlike other Republican nominees who have been greeted skeptically by social conservatives, Mr. Trump faces deep and unrelenting hostility, Mr. Perkins added. “Now, not only do you have indifference, you have outright resistance to his candidacy,” he said. Having a nominee who engenders such mistrust poses complications for other aspects of the convention. As much as the party gatherings are meant to convey cohesiveness and cooperation, they have also become platforms to highlight diversity and inclusiveness, virtues Mr. Trump has not shown an inclination to promote. Republicans have filled their speaking slots at recent conventions with women,   and Hispanics in an effort to overcome an image as the party of old white men. But the list of speakers from the 2012 convention reads like a list of Mr. Trump’s enemies. Many have denounced him, including Gov. Nikki R. Haley of South Carolina, Gov. Brian Sandoval of Nevada, Senator Kelly Ayotte of New Hampshire and Representative Barbara Comstock of Virginia. And many of them are likely to skip the convention this summer. A spokesman for Mr. Sandoval said he did not plan to go to Cleveland. Ms. Comstock and Ms. Ayotte will stay home and meet with constituents instead. Ms. Haley’s office has said she has not made up her mind. Convention organizers in the past have also invited leaders of different faiths, including Islam, to lead the body in prayer. The stage usually serves as a forum for the party to help elevate its next generation of leaders. But there, too, the list from 2012 is a who’s who of officials whom Mr. Trump has alienated: Senator Marco Rubio of Florida, Gov. Scott Walker of Wisconsin and, of course, Mr. Ryan and Mr. Cruz. Mr. Trump and Mr. Ryan are set to meet privately in Washington on Thursday as part of an effort to bridge the gap between the party establishment and Mr. Trump. How to handle Mr. Cruz  —   and the hundreds of delegates who will go to the convention pledged to vote for him  —   is another sensitive issue for Mr. Trump and his team as they plan for the convention. Absent an agreement with the Trump campaign, Mr. Cruz’s nearly 600 delegates could vote against Mr. Trump in an embarrassing show of discord. But Mr. Cruz, who has given no indication about what he wants his delegates to do, would most likely benefit from building up good will in the party if he wants to run for president again, as many expect him to do. “It is in Senator Cruz’s interests to eventually be visibly supportive of Donald Trump as the Republican nominee,” said Paul Manafort, a senior adviser for the Trump campaign who was brought on to help improve outreach to fellow Republicans. The Trump campaign must also begin raising money to plug any holes in the convention budget, which will exceed $100 million when costs like security are factored in. But some previous corporate sponsors, like   and Walmart, have been reassessing their commitments. Joe Roman, the vice chairman of the Cleveland host committee, said the large national corporations that were needed to close the $7 million gap the city is facing were taking some time to line up. “The last five, six, seven million of anything is always the slowest,” he said. There is also the question of safety. While the anger from Trump supporters who were fearful he would be denied the nomination appears to have diminished, masses of   demonstrators are still expected to descend on Cleveland, a city that has been a caldron of racial tensions between the police and residents. So even if many are staying away from the Republican National Convention, there is at least one group eager to go.",0
3718,US Spy Chief: Asking North Korea To Stop Nuke Program a ‘Lost Cause’,"Get short URL 0 27 0 0 On Tuesday, National Intelligence Director James Clapper said that the US must focus on limiting North Korea’s nuclear capabilities, because convincing the isolated country to halt nuclear development is a “lost cause.” 
Pyongyang has conducted over 20 ballistic missile tests this year and two nuclear explosions. There is concern in Washington that the DPRK could be developing a weapon that could reach the American mainland. Their most recent underground nuclear explosion took place in early September. © AP Photo/ Wong Maye-E US Still Committed to Denuclearization Process in North Korea At the Council on Foreign Relations, Clapper said ""I think the notion of getting the North Koreans to denuclearize is probably a lost cause…They are not going to do that — that is their ticket to survival."" 
Washington has consistently maintained its position on not recognizing North Korea as a nuclear-armed state. Numerous sanctions, and negotiations to trade aid in exchange for disarmament have not stopped Pyongyang’s nuclear program. Despite this, the US State Department announced that it will continue to demand the communist country’s denuclearization. 
Clapper described his trip to North Korea in 2014 to secure the release of two Americans, saying it gave him a ""good taste"" of the country’s perspective on nuclear development. © AP Photo/ Koji Sasahara North Korea Blasts US, Japan, South Korea for 'Destabilizing Northeast Asia' ""They are under siege and they are very paranoid, so the notion of giving up their nuclear capability, whatever it is, is a non-starter with them…The best we could probably hope for is some sort of a cap, but they are not going to do that just because we ask them. There's going to have to be some significant inducements."" 
Defense experts in the US believe Pyongyang currently has between 13-21 nuclear weapons, and by 2020 could have as many as 100. 
State Department spokesman John Kirby told reporters in Washington that he had not seen Clapper’s comments, and that the US still hopes to resume aid-for-disarmament negotiations, which have been stalled since Pyongyang pulled out in 2009. © REUTERS/ KCNA US Announces Extended Deterrence Doctrine Against North Korea 
Kirby said, ""We want to continue to see a verifiable, denuclearization of the peninsula. We want to see a return to the six-party talk process, and that means we need to see the North show a willingness and an ability to return to that process which they haven't done yet,"" according to Yonhap News . Clapper acknowledged that the DPRK had not yet tested it’s KN08 intercontinental ballistic missile, a weapon capable of striking the Western US, so its utility is unknown, but he recommended that Washington not wait until the missile is tested to prepare. 
""Nevertheless, we ascribe to them the capability to launch a missile that would have a weapon on it to reach parts of the United States, certainly including Alaska and Hawaii…They could do it. We have to make the worst-case assumption here,"" he said. ...",0
3719,China Sees New Ambiguity With Donald Trump’s Taiwan Call - The New York Times,"BEIJING  —   China’s leaders have been markedly reticent about what kind of leader they think Donald J. Trump will be. A pragmatic dealmaker, as his business background might indicate? Or a provocateur who tests the ways of statecraft? By talking on Friday with Taiwan’s president, Tsai   Mr. Trump answered that question in stark terms, Chinese analysts said Saturday. Breaking decades of American diplomatic practice, he caught the Chinese government off guard by lunging into the most sensitive of its   core interests, the “One China” policy agreed to by President Richard M. Nixon more than four decades ago. “This is a   call for Beijing  —   we should buckle up for a pretty rocky six months or year in the  . S. relationship,” Wang Dong, an associate professor at the School of International Studies at Peking University, said Saturday. “There was a sort of delusion based on overly optimistic ideas about Trump. That should stop. ” Chinese leaders covet stability in their relationship with Washington, and perhaps for that reason, they have allowed fairly rosy assessments of Mr. Trump to appear in the   news media. Many of those accounts have depicted the   as a practical operator devoid of ideology, the kind of person China might find common ground with despite his threats of a trade war. In the hope of maintaining a relatively smooth relationship as Mr. Trump begins his administration, Beijing will probably take a    attitude despite his phone call with Ms. Tsai, said Shi Yinhong, a professor of international relations at Renmin University. Indeed, China’s first official reaction, from Foreign Minister Wang Yi, was fairly benign  —   though it was firm in reiterating the One China policy, under which the United States formally recognized Beijing as China’s sole government in 1978 and broke ties with Taiwan a year later. No American president or   had spoken to a Taiwanese president since then. Mr. Wang blamed Ms. Tsai’s government for arranging the call. “It won’t stand a chance to change the One China policy agreed upon by the international community,” he said. A   statement from the Ministry of Foreign Affairs on Saturday, noting that the ministry had filed a formal complaint with the United States government, was similar in tone. It urged “relevant parties in the U. S. ” to “deal with the Taiwan issue in a prudent, proper manner. ” China’s leaders disdain Ms. Tsai, of Taiwan’s Democratic Progressive Party, who was elected president this year after pledging to wean the island off its economic dependence on China, a policy that won enthusiastic support from younger Taiwanese. China favored her original opponent, Hung   of the Kuomintang, which has sought closer ties with mainland China. (Ms. Hung later dropped out of the race.) Before the election, President Xi Jinping of China met with Ms. Tsai’s predecessor, Ma   also of the Kuomintang, in the first encounter between the leaders of the two governments, a rapprochement that Beijing had long sought. Mr. Trump broke a Chinese taboo merely by using Ms. Tsai’s title. The Chinese state news media refer to the Taiwanese president as the “leader of the Taiwan region,” to indicate that Beijing regards Taiwan not as a sovereign nation but as Chinese territory to eventually be brought under its control. A basic tenet of the Chinese government is that Taiwan, where Chiang  ’s forces fled in 1949 after losing China’s civil war, will be brought back into the fold. According to Mr. Xi, Taiwan is destined to become an integral part of his   China Dream, a vision of an economically successful Communist China astride the world. Mr. Trump’s phone call also violated a longstanding principle of American policy: that the president does not speak to the head of Taiwan’s government, despite selling arms to it. “Interesting how the US sells Taiwan billions of dollars of military equipment but I should not accept a congratulatory call,” Mr. Trump said on Twitter after the stunned reaction to his conversation with Ms. Tsai. Though Beijing vehemently protests the arms sales, it also warily acknowledges them as part of   practice. Since the   Washington has signaled to Taiwan that it will not support any military effort to gain independence from China. The Obama administration’s last arms sale to Taiwan, in 2015, was relatively modest  —   consisting of antitank missiles, two frigates and surveillance gear, worth $1. 8 billion in total  —   but it still provoked a bitter denunciation from Beijing. Douglas H. Paal, a former director of the American Institute in Taiwan, which represents American interests there, said it would not be surprising if the United States sold arms to Taiwan early in the Trump administration. Beijing’s reaction would depend on the price tag, the kinds of weapons sold and how the administration informed China of the sale, Mr. Paal said. While it broke diplomatic precedent, Mr. Trump’s conversation with Ms. Tsai could be seen in some ways as following a pattern of Republican presidents’ reaching out to Taiwan, although others did not do so before taking office. George W. Bush, for example, was vocal in his support of Taiwan early in his presidency, saying in a television interview that the United States would do “whatever it took” to defend it. His aides said afterward that the comment did not reflect a change in the One China policy. By the end of his second term, Mr. Bush had helped to strengthen trade ties between Beijing and Washington through the approval of China’s entry into the World Trade Organization. Though Mr. Trump has received generally favorable coverage in the state news media, some Chinese analysts have expressed irritation with him, and some have suggested that his administration will offer China opportunities to show strength. Yan Xuetong, a professor of international relations at Tsinghua University and a foreign policy hawk, said the overall tenor of the   States relationship in the coming years would depend a great deal on the personal chemistry between Mr. Trump and Mr. Xi. He said China, with its growing military and the   economy in the world, could largely afford to act as it liked. “China is increasingly resilient to the United States,” he said. Shen Dingli, a professor of international relations at Fudan University in Shanghai, took a contrarian view of Mr. Trump’s call with Ms. Tsai: He said it was not a problem because Mr. Trump had yet to take office. “He is a private citizen,” he said. But if such contacts continue after Inauguration Day, Mr. Shen said, China should end diplomatic relations with the United States. “I would close our embassy in Washington and withdraw our diplomats,” he said. “I would be perfectly happy to end the relationship. I don’t know how you are then going to expect China to cooperate on Iran and North Korea and climate change. You are going to ask Taiwan for that?”",0
3720,Dem Sen Kaine on Syria Strikes: ’There Is No Legal Justification for This’ - Breitbart,"Democrat @timkaine: ”There is no legal justification” for President Trump’s airstrikes on Syrian airbase https:  .  Friday on CNN’s “New Day,” Sen. Tim Kaine ( ) the 2016 Democratic   nominee, told show host Chris Cuomo there was “no legal justification” for President Donald Trump’s action against Syria a night earlier, which was a military strike against a Syrian air base in response to the nation’s use of chemical weapons earlier in the week.  Kaine said although he agreed from a “moral standpoint” with the decision, there was no “legal justification” for Trump’s decision because he did not come to Congress first. “There is no legal justification for this,” Kaine said. “I think from a moral standpoint  —   absolutely, I agree with Senator Rubio. It was the right thing to do. It is the right thing to do  —   to try to deter Bashar   from war crimes and remember, I voted to use military action against Syria in August of 2013. Senator Rubio voted against it back then when Bashar   did the same thing. But I said the president has to come to Congress. And Donald J. Trump, citizen Trump back then said exactly the same thing. A president has to go to Congress. He should not have done this without coming to Congress. ” Follow Jeff Poor on Twitter @jeff_poor",0
3721,"Rodrigo Duterte, Pushing Split With U.S., Counters Philippines’ Deep Ties - The New York Times","MANILA  —   President Rodrigo Duterte of the Philippines, who nurses a longtime grudge against the United States, has declared he wants “a separation” and on Wednesday added that he wants American troops out of his country in two years. Speaking in Tokyo, Mr. Duterte said he was willing to revoke the 2014 agreement letting the Pentagon use five Philippine military bases, a critical component of the Obama administration’s plan to bolster American influence in Asia. “I want them out,” he said of the American troops in his country. While his threats have tapped a deep strain of resentment among Filipinos who feel as if they are treated like a   ally, the country’s deep cultural, economic and military ties to the United States make it unlikely that they will follow him on the path to divorce. Especially not, as Mr. Duterte suggested in Beijing last week, all the way to China. “Practically every family here has a relative in the U. S.,” said Roilo Golez, who served as national security adviser to former President Gloria Macapagal Arroyo. “They don’t dream of going to China and living there. ” The close relationship between the Philippines and the United States, while complicated and at times acrimonious, has existed for more than a century, and the Philippines has been the closest American ally in the region for 70 years. Mr. Duterte’s vow to upend that kinship has frustrated even some of his supporters. “I voted for him, but I’m not sure what he is doing right now,” said Jess Custodio, 56, a bank executive in Manila. “It is baffling to me. It would tear out the heart of many Filipinos to separate. ” The bonds with the United States run wide and deep. About four million Filipinos and   live in the United States, and the money they send home to relatives is a mainstay of the Philippine economy. Another major sector of the economy  —   call centers, largely serving American companies  —   employs more than one million Filipinos. Partly because of the high level of English spoken in the Philippines, the industry is one of the   segments. American movies, music, fashion and consumer goods are popular here. In an earlier era, Filipinos working in the United States would send “balikbayan boxes” filled with    American food and gifts. Now, shopping malls are packed with   clothes, cosmetics, appliances, foods and other products. More Filipinos hold a favorable view of the United States than even Americans do, 92 percent compared with 82 percent, according to a 2015 survey by the Pew Research Center. Whenever the Philippines has been included by Pew in surveys dating back to 1999, more Filipinos have had a favorable view of the United States than people in any other country. That support extends to the military, where there is considerable backing for the partnership with the United States, especially the assistance that American forces have provided in combating extremists in the southern Philippines. Many Filipino military officers were trained in the United States, and the two nations have staged joint military exercises for decades. “President Duterte risks creating a lethal combination of adversaries if he moves to truncate the alliance with the United States,” said Ernest Z. Bower, the president of the consulting firm BowerGroupAsia. “He would alienate his military, which wants the help of the U. S. ” The military has at times played a major role in political affairs and has twice sided with civilian protesters in ousting presidents. The talk of separation has also caused anxiety among some foreign businesses, which may become more cautious in investing or expanding operations here, analysts said. Mr. Duterte seems aware of the risks. Perhaps out of concern for the need for military support, he has made numerous speeches at military bases around the country since taking office in June. And after he returned from Beijing last week, he sought to soften his call for separation. He did not mean cutting diplomatic relations, he explained, which would not be feasible. “Why?” he asked. “Because the Filipinos in the United States will kill me. ” The Obama administration did not respond directly to Mr. Duterte’s latest threat, but the White House repeated its concerns about what it called his unhelpful rhetoric. The administration has sought to play down the prospect of a rupture in the alliance, in part because officials are not yet certain whether Mr. Duterte’s comments will translate into lasting policy changes. The White House press secretary, Josh Earnest, said on Wednesday that the threats “contribute to some uncertainty, and that uncertainty is inconsistent with what has for the last seven decades been a   alliance that’s benefited people and governments in both countries. ” To Mr. Duterte, those seven decades are largely about abuse and exploitation. His foreign minister, Perfecto Yasay Jr. recently said the Philippines must shake off the “invisible chains” of being the Americans’ “little brown brothers. ” The United States took the Philippines from Spain in 1898, inheriting Spain’s war against Muslim rebels who were seeking independence. Fighting continued for decades in the southern Philippines, where Islamic rebels still operate today. In 1906, American troops massacred about 600 people  —   including rebels, women and children  —   who had taken refuge in the Bud Dajo volcanic crater on the island of Jolo. Mr. Duterte, responding recently to American criticism of his deadly antidrug campaign, complained that the United States had never apologized for the slaughter. When Japan occupied the Philippines during World War II, Gen. Douglas MacArthur famously returned to drive out the Japanese forces. Many Filipinos still see him as a hero. The United States granted the Philippines independence after the war. Since then, the countries have maintained close economic ties and a strong military alliance, including a mutual defense treaty that dates from 1951. Another low point in the relationship resulted from Washington’s support for the dictator Ferdinand Marcos. After his ouster in 1986, the Philippines adopted a new constitution banning foreign military bases, which led to the eviction of American forces from Clark Air Base and Subic Bay Naval Base. Relations later recovered, and the 2014 agreement allowed the United States to maintain a small force on five Philippine military bases. It was that agreement that Mr. Duterte threatened to cancel on Wednesday. His policy shift has put Japan, another important ally of the United States in Asia and the Philippines’ largest trading partner, in the delicate position of trying to retain a balance in an increasingly tense region where Japan fears any further tilt toward China. In a meeting on Wednesday, Mr. Duterte and Prime Minister Shinzo Abe of Japan discussed the importance of both the alliance between Japan and the United States and the alliance between the Philippines and the United States. If the Philippines is the most   country in the world, the   view has a strong constituency as well. Even among the military, there are complaints that the United States often provides outdated hardware,     . “Duterte has indeed tapped into a deep and atavistic frustration of many Filipinos that the U. S. approach to their country has been paternalistic,” Mr. Bower said. “These feelings are real, and sharpened by the coexisting affinity for U. S. culture, brands and people. ” The resentment focuses not just on historical slights. Mr. Duterte has said he was motivated in part by his lingering anger over the 2002 case of Michael Terrence Meiring, an American who was seriously injured when a bomb exploded in his hotel room in Davao City, where Mr. Duterte was then mayor. Soon after, Mr. Meiring vanished from his hospital room. Mr. Duterte has long said he believed Mr. Meiring was a terrorist spirited away illegally by American operatives to avoid a trial on criminal charges. Only recently have American officials begun speaking publicly about the case. Ambassador Philip Goldberg said in a television interview on Tuesday that he understood the president’s concern but that he believed that no laws were broken. “He was transported by international air ambulance with no stop order, no arrest order, for further treatment because his family wanted to make sure his life was saved and wanted advanced medical care,” Mr. Goldberg said. For all Mr. Duterte’s talk, the United States has not received any request to curtail programs, reduce cooperation, cut aid or sever ties, the embassy here said. But if Mr. Duterte’s goal was to receive more attention from Washington, he has succeeded. Assistant Secretary of State Daniel R. Russel, a top State Department official, visited Manila this week and met with Mr. Yasay. Afterward, Mr. Russel told reporters that the United States fully supported the Philippines’ having an independent foreign policy and welcomed a reduction in tensions between Manila and Beijing. But he also cautioned that confusion created by Mr. Duterte’s comments was “bad for business. ” “The succession of controversial comments, and a real climate of uncertainty about the Philippines’ intentions, has created consternation in many countries, not only in mine, and not only among governments,” he said. “There is growing concern in other communities and the expat Filipino community, in corporate board rooms as well. That’s not a positive trend. ” Mr. Duterte responded true to form on Tuesday, lashing out at the American business community before leaving for Japan. “Go ahead, pack your bags,” he said. “We will sacrifice. We will recover, I assure you. ”",0
3722,Volkswagen Executive’s Trip to U.S. Allowed F.B.I. to Pounce - The New York Times,"When F. B. I. agents learned that a prime suspect in the Volkswagen emissions scandal was traveling to the United States, investigators knew they were on the cusp of a rare feat: the arrest of an overseas corporate executive accused of wrongdoing. On Saturday night, agents swooped in to arrest the Volkswagen executive, Oliver Schmidt, as he prepared to depart Miami International Airport for Germany, according to two law enforcement officials familiar with the case, one of whom described the circumstances of the arrest. The officials spoke on the condition of anonymity because they were not authorized to speak publicly about the case. Mr. Schmidt, formerly Volkswagen’s top emissions compliance executive in the United States, has been charged with defrauding the government and violating the Clean Air Act. He made an initial appearance on Monday in federal court in Miami. He will be moved to Detroit, where he was originally charged and where court documents suggest that he might be valuable in the government’s investigation into other Volkswagen officials. Mr. Schmidt, 48, played a central role in Volkswagen’s   of its diesel emissions cheating, according to an affidavit from an F. B. I. agent that was unsealed on Monday. Even as the company obfuscated details of its cheating program from regulators, Mr. Schmidt warned executives in Germany that the company could face criminal charges for its actions, the affidavit says. The case against Mr. Schmidt sheds new doubt on Volkswagen’s assertions that top executives did not understand the full scale of the wrongdoing until early in September 2015, more than a year after questions were first raised about emissions from its vehicles. Mr. Schmidt briefed executives in detail months earlier, in July, according to the criminal complaint, filed in federal court in Michigan. The timeline of the briefing has not been laid out before by prosecutors. The complaint also says that other employees were involved in a   suggesting that more charges could be coming. It is unclear which employees  —   above or below Mr. Schmidt  —   the government believes were involved. Mr. Schmidt reported to   officials at Volkswagen headquarters in Wolfsburg. Volkswagen is nearing a deal with the Justice Department to pay more than $2 billion to resolve the criminal investigation into the emissions cheating, according to three people briefed on the negotiations. The company or one of its corporate entities is expected to plead guilty as part of the deal, according to one of the people. That deal, though, would not prevent charges against individual employees. Volkswagen’s emissions scandal has cost the company $16 billion in civil settlements in the United States alone. The fallout from the scandal has already reached Volkswagen’s executive ranks. The automaker’s chief executive, Martin Winterkorn, resigned in September, several days after American regulators publicly accused the company of manipulating testing results. German prosecutors are now investigating Mr. Winterkorn and another executive, Hans Dieter Pötsch, about whether they violated securities laws. For United States investigators, the arrest of Mr. Schmidt is a stroke of luck. Their attempts to prosecute people suspected of being responsible for the scandal have been hampered because many of the people are in Germany, which does not normally extradite its citizens. Mr. Schmidt’s lawyer, David Massey, said in court that his client had learned of the investigation and contacted the F. B. I. to cooperate. He met with federal investigators in London in 2015, Mr. Massey said. Reached by phone, Mr. Massey declined to comment further, leaving unclear what came of the outreach to the government. Volkswagen declined to comment. Why Mr. Schmidt risked arrest by traveling in the United States remains a mystery. He is fluent in English and has extensive ties in the United States from his years working in the country for Volkswagen. A Volkswagen employee since 1997, Mr. Schmidt was named general manager of Volkswagen’s Engineering and Environmental Office in Auburn Hills, Mich. in 2013. In that job, he was responsible for managing relations with the Environmental Protection Agency and the powerful California Air Resources Board, the regulatory agencies that initially pursued the emissions cheating case. Mr. Schmidt was among the first to react in early 2014 when a study by West Virginia University found evidence that Volkswagen diesel cars polluted far more under normal driving conditions than they did in official testing labs. In an email to a colleague in April 2014, he wrote, “It should first be decided whether we are honest,” according to an affidavit signed by Ian Dinsmore, an F. B. I. special agent. The affidavit was the basis for a criminal complaint against Mr. Schmidt. Volkswagen decided to mask its emissions cheating from regulators, according to the complaint and lawsuits filed by the New York attorney general’s office. To buy time, the company recalled Volkswagens in the United States for an update of the engine software in early 2015, even though Mr. Schmidt and others knew that change would not bring the cars into compliance, according to the complaint. In March, Mr. Schmidt was promoted to a new position in Wolfsburg. As he moved up, he continued to play a crucial role in Volkswagen’s relations with regulators. In July, he briefed   executives on the risks that Volkswagen faced. According to the complaint, Mr. Schmidt and other Volkswagen employees briefed top managers in Wolfsburg ahead of a meeting with officials at the California regulatory agency, also known as CARB, which took the lead in the investigation. Mr. Schmidt explained that the cars contained software that recognized when a vehicle was undergoing tests. The   defeat device increased pollution controls so the cars would pass muster. Mr. Schmidt also told the executives that if the meeting with regulators did not go well, the company could face criminal charges, according to the complaint. The   executives decided not to disclose the defeat device, according to the complaint. The complaint did not say which executives Mr. Schmidt briefed. The account runs counter to the timeline Volkswagen has detailed. The company has maintained in court documents that top managers did not learn of the wrongdoing until early September 2015. The   continued into August, according to the complaint. While attending an industry conference, Mr. Schmidt presented a thick binder of technical information to a   California regulator. But when agency experts scrutinized the data, they found that it made no sense, Alberto Ayala, the board’s deputy executive officer, said in an interview last year. Having run out of excuses for the emissions discrepancies, Mr. Schmidt and other Volkswagen managers met with CARB and E. P. A. officials in September and admitted the presence of a defeat device. By then, Mr. Schmidt and his colleagues had squandered the credit that companies usually get for cooperating with investigators. Nevertheless, Mr. Schmidt continued to represent Volkswagen publicly through early 2016, continuing to play down what the company had done. In January, he testified before the British Parliament as part of an inquiry into the emissions testing. Mr. Schmidt told the members of Parliament that Volkswagen had removed software that recognized when an emissions test was underway. But the software was nothing nefarious, he said. “This software is not defined as a defeat device in Europe,” he said.",0
3723,"Unity in Division: Tom Perez Named DNC Chair, Selects Keith Ellison as Deputy Chair","WASHINGTON, D. C.  —   Tom Perez, former Barack Obama labor secretary and establishment Democrat, was elected as the chairman of the Democratic National Committee (DNC) in Atlanta on Saturday as the party slid into chaos over the course of nearly six hours. [While Perez made history Saturday becoming the first Latino leader of the Democratic Party, those present experienced,   the deepening of divisions that have mired their party since Election Day.  Perez’s win was indicative of the Democratic Party’s refusal to heed the voices of its constituents’ calls for change. “It’s going to be a major problem” if Perez wins, Jane Flemming Keeb, chair of the Nebraska Democrats, said in an interview with The Young Turks. Former Bernie Sanders for President campaign manager called Perez a “candidate of the insider”: Jeff Weaver says if @TomPerez (”candidate of the insider”) wins DNC race, it’ll ”send a horrible message to millions  millions of people.”  —   Ruby Cramer (@rubycramer) February 24, 2017, Perez called for a motion to suspend the DNC rules as he called to appoint Keith Ellison deputy chair of the DNC. The motion, met with overwhelming approval, was granted. “The silence is deafening. The motion passes,” Perez said in the absence of any “nay” votes after those assembled voiced their “ayes. ” Perez received 235 votes, while Ellison received 200. Sen. Bernie Sanders ( ) who endorsed Ellison, congratulated Perez on his victory but implored him to steer away from his establishment roots: At a time when Republicans control the White House, the U. S. House, U. S. Senate and   of all statehouses, it is imperative that Tom understands that the     is not working and that we must open the doors of the party to working people and young people in a way that has never been done before. Now, more than ever, the Democratic Party must make it clear that it is prepared to stand up to the 1 percent and lead this country forward in the fight for social, racial, economic and environmental justice. However, one of the key issues on Sanders’ platform, removing the use of lobbyist funds and its influence in politics, fell on deaf ears. A measure that would have reinstituted a ban on corporate lobbyists lining the pockets of the DNC to buy influence, was voted down. The measure was initially put in place by former President Barack Obama: Dems punt on reinstituting corporate lobbyist donations,  —   Jonathan Easley (@JonEasley) February 25, 2017,  The fight over the measure signaled the fight between the Sanders wing of the party and the more   wing. The measure to ban corporate lobbyists was introduced by Christine Pelosi, daughter of House Minority Speaker Nancy Pelosi ( ): We’re not giving up! Already hearing from colleagues ready to give corp $ ban another go with new #DNCChair + officers. #marchon #persist https:  .   —   (((sfpelosi))) (@sfpelosi) February 25, 2017,  Following the vote, outgoing and interim DNC Chairwoman Donna Brazile declared, “We are Democrats!” Dr. Martin Luther King, Jr. ’s daughter, Rev. Bernice King, spoke directly after the Democrats voted to keep corporate lobbyist money in the party. She implored the Democratic Party to unify, saying that it’s “no secret there’s division even within this camp” and asked party members to “lay aside those things that divide you to find common ground. ” After telling the story of a little boy whose father asked him why he was laughing as they both sat in a boat with a hole on its side in the middle of the water, King said, “There’s a hole in the boat called these United States of America. ” Her message seemed to suggest that if one wing of the Democratic Party goes down, so will the other. Brazile delivered her final speech as party leader. “The Trump administration must be investigated, and please continue this work” probing the “Russian hack of the election,” she said. The drama continued as Ellison’s team allegedly presented false information to garner votes: Mayor of South Bend, Indiana, Pete Buttigieg dropped out of the race and did not endorse a candidate. However, Ellison’s campaign made false claims that they had Buttigieg’s endorsement: Buttigieg confronted Ellison personally backstage to complain about text sent to DNC members saying he supported Ellison. https:  .   —   Greg Krieg (@GregJKrieg) February 25, 2017,  Congratulations to newly elected DNC Chair @TomPerez  —   looking forward to joining you and all who share our values to grow our party!  —   Pete Buttigieg (@PeteButtigieg) February 25, 2017,  Saturday’s vote was largely seen as a litmus test for the party’s style of leadership going forward the vote for Perez represents the Barack Obama and Hillary Clinton wing, which is seen as more establishment. However, Ellison’s appointment as deputy chair maintains the base of the progressive wing of the party, which includes Sen. Bernie Sanders ( ) and Sen. Elizabeth Warren ( ). Labor did not back Perez. Several of the unions that endorsed Ellison over Perez were the American Federation of Teachers the National Education Association the Service Employees International Union the American Federation of State, County, and Municipal Employees and UNITE HERE, a union representing thousands of culinary and hospitality workers. The Republican National Committee issued a statement on Perez’s victory. “The Democrat Party has lost touch with the American people. Voters spoke loud and clear last November that they wanted a change in Washington and to reverse the failed policies of the last eight years. ” It continued: By selecting a D. C. insider, Democrats only create deeper divisions within their own party by pushing a far left agenda that rejects a majority of their base outside Washington. The DNC would be   to learn from two straight election cycle losses, encourage the leaders in their party to listen to what the voters want, and get to work with Republicans to fix the mess they created. In his victory speech, Perez touted the notion of unity. “We are all in this together,” he said, as he called on his fellow Democrats to fight “the worst president in the history of the United States. ” “We need a chair who cannot only take the fight to Donald Trump, but make sure that we talk about our positive message of inclusion and opportunity and talk to that big tent of the Democratic Party,” he said. Follow Adelle Nazarian on Twitter and Periscope @AdelleNaz.",0
3724,Call for Action to Tackle Growing Ethnic Segregation Across UK,"Call for Action to Tackle Growing Ethnic Segregation Across UK Anushka Asthana and Nazia Parveen, Guardian, November 1, 2016 
Politicians must urgently tackle the increasing ethnic polarisation of many of Britain’s towns and cities, according to a senior academic, as he revealed figures showing how rapidly the white British population had dwindled in urban “pockets” across England. 
Prof Ted Cantle, who first authored a report into community cohesion after a series of race riots in 2001, said his new study showed that in the most extreme cases the white British population had more than halved in two decades. 
Cantle, who co-authored the report with Prof Eric Kaufmann at Birkbeck, University of London, told the Guardian that white British families should be encouraged to remain in ethnically diverse areas to reduce the trend. 
He warned that segregated societies “breed intolerance and prejudice”, adding: “And we know the opposite is true–there is a huge amount of research that shows any form of contact does break down stereotypes.” 
The leading academic said he would not describe the trend as white flight because that indicated that people were moving because of ethnic mixing, while this research only established the facts and not necessarily the causes. 
“White people are leaving urban areas in a disproportionate number–and they avoid moving to diverse areas when they do move. But we can’t say that is white flight because the motivations are many and various,” he said, arguing it could be to do with the dream of a place in the country or an older cohort retiring to rural communities. 
But he said interviews he had carried out in recent years as part of the study had highlighted a sense among some white British people that an area they had lived in was “no longer for them”. 
In one case a community cohesion officer in Yorkshire told Cantle he was the first Asian to move into a particular street and that within three years virtually every white British family had gone. “Some of those families made no bones about it, they said they are moving out because ‘they’ are moving in,” he said. 
The research looked at two existing studies and drew from census data from 1991, 2001 and 2011–examining the figures in a way that has not been done before. 
The report authors stressed that the findings were nuanced, with more diversity in some areas, and different ethnic groups mixing together. 
However, when looking at the white British population compared with all other ethnicities together it found increasing polarisation, with the steepest decline in the white population in “urban pockets” where the numbers were already well below the national average. 
Some of the largest declines were in Slough, where the white population fell from 58.3% to 34.5%, in Birmingham, where it went from 65.6% to 53.1% and in Leicester, where it decreased from 60.5% to 45.1%. 
In one London borough, Newham, the figure was just 16.7% in the latest data set. 
But the study found even more marked changes when it examined the figures at ward level. In one part of the Blackburn and Darwen authority area 7.8% of the population was white British, down from 42.3% in 1991. 
Smaller council areas in Birmingham saw similar declines, from 40.4% to 11.2% in Small Heath and from 30.7% to 7.2% in Handsworth. The trend was repeated in parts of Bradford, Luton and across London boroughs. 
Green St East in Newham had a white British population of 31.6% in 1991. Twenty years later is had declined to just 4.8%. While Southall Green, in Ealing, went from 18.9% to 4.6% in the same period. 
Meanwhile, there were only tiny changes in ethnic diversity in the most predominantly white areas, such as Barrow-in-Furness, mid-Devon, Bassetlaw and Mid Sussex. 
“The focus of policy needs to shift; this is not just about minorities,” said Cantle. “Politicians and policymakers need to encourage white British residents to remain in diverse areas; to choose, rather than avoid, diverse areas when they do relocate, encouraging similar choices with respect to placing pupils in diverse schools; in other words to create a positive choice for mixed areas and a shared society.” 
Cantle called for “salesmanship” of the positive benefits of mixed areas, including the cultural choices, and activities. We’ve never sold the idea that mixed communities are more exciting places with more going on,” he said, adding that after the Brexit vote there had been a bit of move in the opposite directions with the immediate surge in hate crime. 
But he also argued that some negative practices ought to be stamped out–including businesses recruiting workers from single, eastern European countries. 
The publication of the report triggered an immediate debate with experts claiming that the diversity in areas with fewer white British families meant segregation was the wrong description. “It is simply wrong to suggest that inner cities have become more ‘ethnically segregated’. In fact, people are more likely to live near those of a different ethnicity than ever before. What is undoubtedly true is that more needs to be done to promote integration–and not just in the most diverse areas,” said the economist, Jonathan Portes. 
However, Cantle’s report argues that polarisation between the white British majority and other ethnic groups is a significant fact that requires urgent action. 
Cantle’s research comes after the government was accused of sitting on a major study into community cohesion by Dame Louise Casey. The study is thought to include some uncomfortable findings. 
Casey, whose report has been finalised, will warn that successive governments have failed to do enough to tackle the difficult issues raised by Cantle 15 years ago. 
She is expected to suggest that faith schools should make their pupils mix with children of other religions, in a report that she has promised will be “making the difficult choices and telling the truth”. 
It is not clear why her review has not yet been published although sources have pointed out that much has changed since she was first appointed by the then prime minister, David Cameron, including the EU referendum result and a new government. The government insists the review will be out by the end of the year. 
Chuka Umunna MP, chair of the all-party parliamentary group on social integration, said the report from Cantle and Kauffman laid “bare the striking pace of change in some of our communities”. 
In a foreward to the study, he argued there were consequences for policymakers. “It is clear we cannot carry on with a laissez-faire approach to integration in our country. Integration is a two-way street and all parts of society have a role to play in preventing the UK becoming more fragmented. 
“If we fail to do so, we risk sleepwalking into a situation where the divisions exposed during the EU referendum campaign become deeper as we grapple with the challenges thrown up by globalisation.”",0
3725,Delingpole: Climate Mob Threatens Trump - ’Quit Paris and You’re Toast!’,"The international climate mob have made President Trump an offer he can’t refuse: “Stay in Paris  —   or the U. S. gets it! ”[Among the threats made so far, should the president honor his election trail promise to quit the UN Paris climate agreement.  The U. S. will lose $6 trillion worth of jobs in “clean” energy. The U. S. will become a “rogue country”. The U. S. will be removed from Angela Merkel’s Weihnachtskarte list. The U. S. may become the victim of further weaponized handshakes and other typically Gallic “your mother was a hamster and your father smelt of elderberries” insults from prepubescent Mummy’s little tough boy President Macron of France. The U. S. presidential administration may become subject to further awkward rifts between those who want a “seat at the table” in Paris  —   Tillerson Jared Kushner Ivanka Gary Cohn Rick Perry  —   and those who want out. The U. S. may add to “global warming” by 0. 3 degrees C,  causing the world to boil and melt or, if not that, then at least provoking much bitterness and resentment among all the countries that haven’t yet quit Paris even though they’d all secretly like to. Quite how Trump will respond to these threats is still anyone’s guess. On the one hand, he has reportedly told various allies that he intends to pull out. On the other, he is known for changing his mind at the last minute. What we do know is that the climate gravy train is trundling on regardless. And that as far as the U. S. climate negotiators are concerned, the current president might still just as well be Barack Obama. Yup, that’s the inside gossip from EU news specialist Euractiv: But, according to our sources, the US team are exploiting the vacuum to press ahead with the agreement, which was signed by Trump’s predecessor Barack Obama. They told   officials, “We are following the Obama procedure. As long as there are no new instructions, the old ones are still valid. ” They agreed a limited budget increase to plans in Bonn. Diplomats told their opposite numbers that they should seize the opportunity to get as much agreed before Trump makes up his mind, awestruck sources gossiped. Another source blasted that “climate should be humanity’s number one concern and this guy hasn’t found the time to sit down with his climate negotiators in more than 120 days in office”. This international determination to keep the U. S. in the Paris Agreement at all costs sits slightly at odds with reports that several other signatory nations are privately desperate to escape. According to Climate Home,  former Eastern Bloc countries Poland, Czech Republic, Slovakia and Hungary are trying to “gut, block or water down” the Paris accord’s   promises because they interfere with their economic growth and commit them to useless, expensive renewable energy. Europe’s steelmakers  —   among them,    Germany’s Thyssenkrupp and Austria’s Voestalpine  —   have written to EU leaders begging not to be burdened with any of the carbon emissions costs they say would make them uncompetitive against foreign rivals. Meanwhile a report produced by the Commission on Carbon Prices claims that says the carbon dioxide price needs to rise   or twentyfold if it is to meet Paris pledges. This would  —   to coin a phrase  —   cause electricity prices necessarily to skyrocket  …     As Cliff Forrest notes in the Wall Street Journal, the ‘business case’ for Paris is bunk. The economic merits of the Paris Agreement take on a different air when more fully considered.   advocates’ bizarre premise is that economic gains will come from restricting access to the most abundant, reliable and affordable fuel sources. Never mind that this defies the experience of many European nations that have invested heavily in renewable energy. After “Germany’s aggressive and reckless expansion of wind and solar,” for example, the magazine Der Spiegel declared in 2013 that electricity had become “a luxury good. ” Apparently this time will be different. Which is why  —   as I remarked yesterday  —   it is so absurd and wrong and dishonest of the President’s   Economics Adviser Gary ‘Wormtongue’ Cohn to be pretending otherwise. No one is pretending Trump won’t get a lot of stick from the Climate Industrial Complex, from the Euro weenies, from the globalists, the Bilderbergers, the eco Nazis and Davos Man if he does the right thing and pulls out of Paris. No one is pretending that pulling out of Paris won’t earn him an even stiffer handshake from President Macron and even dirtier looks from Mrs Merkel next time they meet. But increasingly  —   at least from this Englishman’s perspective  —   whether President Trump pulls the U. S. out of Paris boils down to one very simple question: “Are you a man or a mouse, Mister President?”",0
3726,5 Reasons You Should Stop Using Facebook,"I remember signing up for Facebook ten years ago. At this point in time, the new social media site was geared mostly toward college students and it was uncommon for anyone over the age of 25 to have an account. 
But over the last decade we’ve seen Facebook morph into a $50 billion conglomerate and information kingpin acquiring massive power and wealth from the endless amounts of time users waste scrolling through their news feeds. This beast of a social media platform has gone on to consume the lives of millions, gather nefarious amounts of data, foster unnecessary personal dramas, and often cause more harm than good for its users. 
It would be prudent to take a good hard look at your Facebook experience and ask yourself if it’s something that’s actually adding value to your life. Here are five reasons why you should think carefully before using the world’s largest social media site. 
1. Your Facebook Feed Is A Black Hole Of Completely Worthless Information 
I think it’s important to create streams of information that add real value to your life. Through platforms such as Twitter, Feedly, and YouTube, I’ve followed writers and content producers that have dedicated their lives to self-improvement, entrepreneurship, higher meaning, and the search for truth. 
So you can probably imagine the stark difference between an intellectually curated Twitter feed and the dumbed-down Facebook community of people you went to high school with that peaked in the 12th grade. 
Log into your Facebook and the most common information you’ll likely find is who got married, who had kids, and who got fat. Scrolling through your Facebook feed is akin to flipping through a more personalized celebrity gossip magazine at the grocery store checkout line. 
Every time I log onto Facebook I’m immediately reminded why I never log onto Facebook. 
2. It’s No Longer Useful For Dating 
In college, I gained some value out of the site by using its chat feature to build up attraction with girls in my social circle and get their phone numbers. 
But over the years, most girls have attached the “creepy” stigma to guys who hit them up via Facebook messenger. 
In addition to that, you don’t really need a Facebook profile for “social proof” as you once did since Instagram is a better social media app for meeting girls . 
3. Forfeiture Of Your Privacy 
Most people have realized by now that the first thing a potential employer will do after interviewing you is look you up on Facebook. They’re basically searching for any and every reason not to hire you. Lock your account down as best you can with privacy functions. Don’t let that one drunk picture of you from 5 years ago ruin a potential job offer. 
If that wasn’t enough, Facebook has a long history of shady activities when it comes to privacy. They’ve already been caught accessing your location without permission. We can only speculate what else they’ve been infringing on.

4. Censorship 
Although Facebook has a right to control the information broadcasted on it’s platform, that doesn’t mean they should abuse that right by censoring anything they might find disagreeable or offensive. 
Much like an overbearing parent, Facebook proactively controls the discourse of its children, eagerly censoring content that might rub someone the wrong way. Facebook has so many overreaches that an entire website has been dedicated to documenting their affronts on freedom of opinion. You can probably guess which side of the political spectrum they try to stifle.

5. It Brings Out The Worst In People 
Plenty of time has now passed for in-depth research to come out regarding the long-term effects that too much Facebook can have on a person’s mental well-being. It gives the illusion that everyone else has it better than you and that your life just isn’t fair. This is a slippery slope into a victim mindset and blaming others for your circumstances. How oppressed these chronic Facebook users are as they sip lattes from a comfy chair in Starbucks and scroll through their Facebook feeds on the latest Macbook.

I won’t completely deny the merits of Facebook. If you’re using it to build a brand or a business then it could be a good investment of your time, simply because so many people actively use it. I’ve also witnessed the joy it brings to older users for connecting with long lost friends they haven’t seen in decades. 
But the truth is that in many cases, Facebook does cause more trouble than it’s worth. It’s never a bad idea to cut back on your usage or even just opt out entirely. You may no longer be the first to know about an upcoming dinner party or what Brad and Sarah from freshman year have been up to all these years, but I suspect you might be better off as a person.

Read More: Is Western Civilization Worth Saving? 
",0
3727,Chart Of The Day: The Ever-Widening Wage Gap,"Chart Of The Day: The Ever-Widening Wage Gap By David Stockman. Posted On Wednesday, November 9th, 2016 
David Stockman's Contra Corner is the only place where mainstream delusions and cant about the Warfare State, the Bailout State, Bubble Finance and Beltway Banditry are ripped, refuted and rebuked. Subscribe now to receive David Stockman’s latest posts by email each day as well as his model portfolio, Lee Adler’s Daily Data Dive and David’s personally curated insights and analysis from leading contrarian thinkers.",0
3730,"As France’s Towns Wither, Fears of a Decline in ‘Frenchness’ - The New York Times","ALBI, France  —   The paint is fading, but the word is still clear: Alimentation, “Groceries. ” It seems like a stage prop, grafted above the window of the empty old storefront. Opposite stands a tattoo parlor. Nobody enters or leaves. The street is deserted. Keep walking, and you’ll find more vacant storefronts, scattered around the old center of this town dominated by its imposing   brick cathedral, one of France’s undisputed treasures. Tourist shops and chain clothing stores are open, but missing are the groceries, cafes and butcher shops that once bustled with life and for centuries defined   France. Measuring change, and decay, is not easy in France, where beauty is just around the corner and life can seem unchanged over decades. But the decline evident in Albi is replicated in hundreds of other places. France is losing the core of its historic provincial towns  —   dense hubs of urbanity deep in the countryside where judges judged, Balzac set his novels, prefects issued edicts and citizens shopped for 50 cheeses. In January, I went to Albi while covering the French presidential election. I’ve known the city for nearly 35 years, visiting a handful of times as part of a lifetime’s engagement with France that began at age 4 when my family moved to Paris. My first trip to Albi came in 1982, with my college girlfriend, and I found a bustling,   city that took its   color from bricks that had been used since the Middle Ages and echoed the hot, meridional sun. I was captivated. I returned in January not on the trail of a presidential candidate but to better understand a French paradox just beneath the surface of the campaign: the deep pride felt by the French in what they regard as an unparalleled way of life, always accompanied by anxiety that it is facing extinction. The campaign is like few before it in France, because of the looming question of whether the   candidate, Marine Le Pen, will do the   and win. She has already pushed the discourse rightward and made a visceral promise to voters: to protect not just France, but Frenchness. Whether the menace is defined as Islam, immigration or globalization, her vow to voters is the same: I am the woman to preserve the French way of life. The visible decline of so many historic city centers is intertwined with these anxieties. Losing the ancient French provincial capital is another blow to Frenchness  —   tangible evidence of a disappearing way of life that resonates in France in the same way that the hollowing out of main streets did in the United States decades ago. A survey of French towns found that commercial vacancies have almost doubled to 10. 4 percent in the past 15 years. As these towns have declined, voters have often turned sharply rightward. Albi is traditionally centrist, but the same conditions of decline and political anxiety are present, too. Turn a corner in Albi, and you’ll pass the last school inside the historic center, abandoned a few years ago. Down another street is the last toy store, now closed, and around a corner is the last independent grocery store, also shuttered. Walk down the empty, narrow streets on some nights and the silence is so complete that you can hear your footsteps on the stones. “If nothing is done, a substantial part of the French soul will perish, taking with it more than half the French population,” the businessman Charles Beigbeder wrote in Le Figaro recently, calling for a “Marshall Plan” for “peripheral France. ” I arrived in Albi, population 49, 000, on a Thursday evening, having driven in from Toulouse, an hour away. At the edge of town, I passed a giant shopping center, Les Portes d’Albi, where the parking lot was black with cars. In the Albi I had known before, people had lived in town above their stores. Centuries of accumulated living were packed inside the   boulevards. Shopping was as much about sociability as about buying. Before arriving, I picked up a government report, an autopsy of many French provincial capitals: Agen, Limoges, Bourges, Arras, Beziers, Auxerre, Vichy, Calais and others. In these old towns, many harder hit than Albi, the interplay of the   architecture, weathered stone and brick, and public life had been one of the crucibles of French history and culture for centuries. Now they were endangered, as even the dry language of the report conveyed that an essential part of French life is disappearing. “This phenomenon of the devitalization of the urban centers is worrisome,” the government report declared, “as the stores contribute so much to city life and largely fashion it. ” My first appointment was with the town   who had agreed to give me a tour. Florian Jourdain wasn’t exposing local corruption but the decline of the town that was hidden in plain sight. His meticulous blog, picked up by the French press, caused such resentment among Albi’s commercial establishment that last year the merchants’ association staged a demonstration against him in the main square. With a degree in history and studies in geography, Mr. Jourdain published an online map, with a    marking each vacant store. He discovered that nearly 40 percent of the remaining shops sold clothes, and he suspected that much of the trade was with tourists. Only a single traditional boulangerie, or bakery, remained in Albi’s old core, and not a single   butcher shop. A Parisian by origin, Mr. Jourdain worked   and few in town, even among his allies, seemed to know his last name. I met him on a Friday morning in the windswept plaza of the looming Cathédrale   a giant brick fortress built eight centuries ago to awe the region’s restive heretics. As we started on the Rue Mariès, the city’s main commercial street, Mr. Jourdain pulled his hood down over his head to avoid being recognized, as I struggled to mentally repopulate the empty street with the liveliness that had delighted me 35 years before. “For me, if you are precise, you can’t be attacked,” he said of his work. “It’s a big problem for me that there are no grocery stores in the center of the city. There is no neighborhood cafe. ” Street after street, we took the measure of the town’s fragility. Name tags were missing from buzzers at the doorways of the old buildings. Above them the shutters stayed closed night and day, with estimates that 15 percent of these old houses are vacant. Mr. Jourdain knew something was amiss soon after arriving from Paris in 2013. “Right away I realized it,” he said. “Just across from us, and right next to us, there were two magnificent buildings, vacant. I thought it was strange. And then I started to see more and more empty stores. ” We came to the Place Lapérouse, named after the great French explorer who was born in Albi in the 18th century. I had a flashback. On a warm afternoon many years before, I sat on a bench here, gazing at the old buildings around me. It had been quiet enough to hear the birds in the centenarian plane trees shading the square. Now, it was a frigid intersection combined with a soulless pedestrian plaza. Cars whizzed past. We moved on, passing two storefronts with “total liquidation” written across them. The sense I had many years before, of a dense urban space that was a living, breathing organism, was gone. “Look, here, this used to be a cafe,” he said, pointing to a woman’s clothing store where the faint remains of a traditional cafe awning were still visible. Mr. Jourdain spoke with the fervor of a disappointed suitor. He had moved to Albi to embrace its beauty and to escape the clamor of Paris but instead found a creeping listlessness. He saw his role as waking up his fellow citizens. “The risk is great for our beautiful episcopal city,” he wrote in his blog. We moved on to the empty Rue de la Croix Blanche. Again, we were the only walkers, passing a line of closed stores. On the Rue Puech Bérenguier we passed the last grocery store. On the Rue Peyrolière we saw the abandoned elementary school, closed in 2013, a classic Third Republic building where generations of Albigeois were educated. On the wall inside, a children’s drawing from the last class was still visible. “The cries of children will resound no longer,” the local paper, La Dépêche du Midi, wrote when the school closed. In former days, the covered market, the Marché Couvert, would have been a hub of life and commerce. No more. “You feel as though time has been suspended,” Mr. Jourdain said. Hours had passed on a sunny Friday in the center of town, yet on some streets we saw almost no one. “You see clearly that we are on a street that is dying,” Mr. Jourdain said on Rue Emile Grand as we concluded our tour. “There are whole buildings where there isn’t a soul. ” I called City Hall for a meeting with the mayor, a member of France’s   party, but was met with a distinct lack of enthusiasm from her spokeswoman. I was put off with the promise of a phone call the following week, and when I finally reached the mayor, Stéphanie   she argued that urban “devitalization” has had a “relatively moderate impact. ” She also angrily condemned Mr. Jourdain. “He is an extraterrestrial,” she said, “who came here to get talked about. ” The head of the merchants’ association, who had led the demonstration against Mr. Jourdain, was equally elusive. He was not to be found at the anonymous basement supermarket he runs beneath the Marché Couvert. Nobody knew when he would show up or how to reach him, and the association’s office in the center of town had long since closed. The next morning was a Saturday, the busiest shopping day of the week, with shops promising sales and customers inside the clothing stores. There was a hint of the liveliness I had remembered from many years before, but these were weekend shoppers, many from out of town. I went to see Fabien Lacoste, a Socialist city councilman, in the shadow of the cathedral. As on most Saturdays, he was at work, flipping crepes at his outdoor food stand. To him, Albi’s fate was a cultural misfortune. City leaders had poured money into a   modernistic new culture center at the town’s edge. And the shopping mall had been built. Large grocery chains, called hypermarkets, had also been constructed outside the city, with free parking. It is not that Albi no longer had commerce, or activity. But the essence of the ancient city was being lost. The rise of the shopping centers traced the sharp rise in living standards brought on by what the French call the Trente Glorieuses, the 30 glorious years from 1945 to 1975. Growth was around 4 percent purchasing power of the average worker’s salary rose 170 percent. The boost to consumer demand could not be met by the old   structure of small shops, small purchases. Malls and strip centers were born. Today, France has the highest density of such retail space in all of Europe, even as vacancies in 190 historic town centers have gone to 10. 4 percent in 2015 from 6. 1 percent in 2001, according to the government report. Thus, the French paradox: a newly consumerist society that had stripped France of its “soul”  —   made even worse, now, by the fact that economic growth has collapsed. “There’s no bar, no cafe. We’re in the southwest, for heaven’s sake. It’s a scandal,” said Mr. Lacoste, serving up crepes to his customers. “We’ve lost that conviviality that was our signature. Before, each little neighborhood had its own center, with its own cafe. All that has disappeared. ” “What I deplore is this devitalization,” Mr. Lacoste added. “You won’t be doing your shopping here. ” By Sunday, Albi had reverted to its weekday torpor. I went for my evening run along the green Tarn river and passed a   people at most. In the twilight the town felt abandoned. I finally caught up with the head of the merchants’ association just as he was leaving his supermarket. He did not seem pleased to see me and was even less pleased with Mr. Jourdain. “There are town centers where the situation is much more complicated,” he said. My last interview before leaving town was with Eric Lamarre. Last year, he closed Albi’s last toy store. “Twenty years ago, the center of town was still animated,” he said. “People really came to town to buy. There were loads of lovely things. It buzzed with people. ” The big shopping center opened in 2009, and his business declined until the end, when he was losing 50, 000 euros (about $53, 000) a year. “It’s a political problem,” he said. “These towns have been had. They always say yes to the shopping center developers. ” Albi, he said, “is still a magnificent city  —   for the tourists. ”",0
3731,If Hillary And Obama Didn't Use email Server And Stop Benghazi Sending Shoulder Fired Missiles We'd Be In WWIII With Russia Right Now.,"Report Copyright Violation If Hillary And Obama Didn't Use email Server And Stop Benghazi Sending Shoulder Fired Missiles We'd Be In WWIII With Russia Right Now. Somebody over there in Benghazi thought they didn't have to listen to the Black President and wound up getting their asses smoked.YES Hillary and Obama had to go offline with a private email server to avoid the traitors and racetards within the Government intent on defying Obama as a weak black BOY.It is no secret that Obama approved weapons to Syria but he said no shoulder fired missiles and no artillery. If those ""Rebels"" had gotten their hands on Surface to air missiles the US would be in WWIII with Russia right now because their planes would be being shot down just like that Russian jet and Helicopter on the Turkish border last Summer. That was an American made missile and probably came through Benghazi.So Obama showed some people over there in Benghazi that when he gives an order it will be followed and the message was received.Obama also did a major purge of the entrenched racists and other incompetents in the higher ranks of the military after that. Anonymous Coward ( OP ) Re: If Hillary And Obama Didn't Use email Server And Stop Benghazi Sending Shoulder Fired Missiles We'd Be In WWIII With Russia Right Now. Yeah Bitch, Benghazi was a false Flag done on the anniversary of 9/11. Anonymous Coward Re: If Hillary And Obama Didn't Use email Server And Stop Benghazi Sending Shoulder Fired Missiles We'd Be In WWIII With Russia Right Now. $3.50 Report Copyright Violation Re: If Hillary And Obama Didn't Use email Server And Stop Benghazi Sending Shoulder Fired Missiles We'd Be In WWIII With Russia Right Now. Somebody over there in Benghazi thought they didn't have to listen to the Black President and wound up getting their asses smoked.YES Hillary and Obama had to go offline with a private email server to avoid the traitors and racetards within the Government intent on defying Obama as a weak black BOY.It is no secret that Obama approved weapons to Syria but he said no shoulder fired missiles and no artillery. If those ""Rebels"" had gotten their hands on Surface to air missiles the US would be in WWIII with Russia right now because their planes would be being shot down just like that Russian jet and Helicopter on the Turkish border last Summer. That was an American made missile and probably came through Benghazi.So Obama showed some people over there in Benghazi that when he gives an order it will be followed and the message was received.Obama also did a major purge of the entrenched racists and other incompetents in the higher ranks of the military after that. Quoting: Be Glad U Had Obama 58059507 $3.50 Re: If Hillary And Obama Didn't Use email Server And Stop Benghazi Sending Shoulder Fired Missiles We'd Be In WWIII With Russia Right Now. mmm....noThe treacherous two were going against the will of the people AND Congress and were aiding the rebels by moving weapons into Syria through Libya. Congress and the people had said no to involvement in Syria but they did it anyway.THAT was the reason for the email server...that was the reason for the Benghazi attack. That was not a bunch of religious zealots that attacked the embassy...it was more than likely Syrian Special Forces that heard about the shipments and came to intervene.No way of knowing for sure...but THAT makes one hell of a lot more sense than any of the other stories ""I would rather be exposed to the inconveniences attending too much liberty than those attending too small a degree of it."" Thomas JeffersonLiberty means personal responsibility...which is why most men hate it.2112 so people will finally understand the avatar... [ link to www.youtube.com (secure) ] Push back against the establisment Report Copyright Violation Re: If Hillary And Obama Didn't Use email Server And Stop Benghazi Sending Shoulder Fired Missiles We'd Be In WWIII With Russia Right Now. Somebody over there in Benghazi thought they didn't have to listen to the Black President and wound up getting their asses smoked.YES Hillary and Obama had to go offline with a private email server to avoid the traitors and racetards within the Government intent on defying Obama as a weak black BOY.It is no secret that Obama approved weapons to Syria but he said no shoulder fired missiles and no artillery. If those ""Rebels"" had gotten their hands on Surface to air missiles the US would be in WWIII with Russia right now because their planes would be being shot down just like that Russian jet and Helicopter on the Turkish border last Summer. That was an American made missile and probably came through Benghazi.So Obama showed some people over there in Benghazi that when he gives an order it will be followed and the message was received.Obama also did a major purge of the entrenched racists and other incompetents in the higher ranks of the military after that. Quoting: Be Glad U Had Obama 58059507 So this justifies the death of innocents? Also links and proofs for a hypothesis are generally the norm.#STABBITYLIVESMATTER GAME KNOWS GAME. DONT TRY IT.-Self Anonymous Coward",0
3732,15 Great Stories That Have Nothing to Do With Politics - The New York Times,"Welcome to Our Picks, a guide to the best stuff to read, watch and listen to from around the internet. We know you don’t want to read only political news, so we’re collecting great   articles, podcasts, videos and other web treasures you might like when you need a break. And yes, we’re also tooting our own horn here. We’ll share can’  Times stories from the week and surface some gems you might have overlooked. We want to hear from you! Send us feedback about our selections to ourpicks@nytimes. com. • The Monopoly overlords are a ruthless bunch. In 2013 the board game got rid of the iron playing piece, and now, much to our chagrin, they’ve let the thimble go as well. [A. V. Club] • Little Caesars’ founder and Detroit Tigers owner Mike Ilitch died last Friday, which prompted some local outlets to recall that he paid for a decade of Rosa Parks’s rent without ever publicizing it. [WGN Chicago] • Here’s a reason you’ve never quit your job: too much money. That’s probably because you didn’t work on Google’s car project, whose early employees were paid so much that they no longer needed the job security. [Bloomberg] • Did you know the word “fact” only came into popular usage in 1660? It’s a fact! At least according to this quick but broad history of the concept. [History Today] • It’s a familiar tale: A tough East Coast woman moves to Los Angeles, mellows out, gets pregnant, and decides to hunt down a mountain lion haunting the hills below the Hollywood sign. You won’t regret spending some time with this honest account of the hopes, fears, and maniacal determination of one expectant mother. [Elle] • There’s only one Howard Johnson’s restaurant left in the world, and it’s in Lake George, N. Y. Learn all about the history and decline of this   franchise, and the one man keeping the   flame alive. [Eater] • A small yellow box  —   about the size of a cellphone  —   has saved countless lives from surgical complications.  Read how this crucial medical accessory is making an impact in places like Mongolia, and, as a bonus, add the term “pulse oximeter” to your vocabulary. [Mosaic] • If you and your friends can’t agree on whether you love or hate “La La Land,” you’re not alone. Our cultural reporters, editors and critics can’t either. • An unlikely band of Orthodox Jewish students is tearing up the Eastern Collegiate Roller Hockey Association. Because of Sabbath restrictions, they play up to four games on Sunday mornings, sometimes back to back. And they’re currently in first place. •   years ago, The Times published its first crossword puzzle, as a way to give readers a distraction from war news. (This, despite a prior editorial that had described crossword puzzles as “a primitive sort of mental exercise” and a “sinful waste” of time.) Here’s a brief history. • This week’s By the Book interview: Come to learn what’s on George Saunders’s nightstand stay for the part about his   crush on a nun. • Yes, we covered Westminster in the last edition of this roundup, but we just can’t get enough. Here are two more delightful slide shows featuring the cats of Westminster (and a poodle among floral sculptures of dogs) and the stars and their stage moms. • Ever have a conversation with yourself about the choices you’ve made? You might want to watch a master thespian do it. In this   video, Michael K. Williams of “The Wire” fame tries to puzzle out the answer to a    question: Is he typecast? [The Atlantic on YouTube] • How did Sara Blakely go from selling fax machines    to creating the successful hosiery company, Spanx? Grit. Moxy. And scissors. Find out more about this business success story in a   episode of NPR’s “How I Built This. ” [NPR One and iTunes] •  We’re making ink the way people in the 17th century did. How else are we going to use all those leftover oak galls and rainwater? [The Recipes Project] Want Our Picks delivered to your inbox? Sign up for the What We’re Reading newsletter, a   email featuring great stories from around the web selected by members of the New York Times staff.",0
3733,Why did Satan-2 shock the West?,"Why did Satan-2 shock the West? 31.10.2016 The recent publication of images of Russia's new intercontinental ballistic missile "" Sarmat "" created quite a stir in Western media. The Daily Mail, for example, terrified British readers with an article saying that the new Russian missile would be able to destroy England and Wales at once. The New York Post called the missile a ""devil in disguise"" which can easily reach New York City. The Daily Star published a map of the US East Coast designating the targets, which the missile could reach. The article even gives an approximate amount of victims (in millions за people). However, there were also skeptics. For example, Igor Sutyagin, a man, who had served nearly eleven years in Russia for espionage, and currently serves as a senior officer at the British Royal Institute for Defense Studies, believes that the new Russian Sarmat missile (Satan-2) is a fake. ""The design details are incorrect, and I doubt that this missile already exists in metal,"" he wrote, having analysed the photo of the missile. He then continued: ""The Russians want to tell the world: we are a great power, Fear us, and don't ignore us."" Print version Font Size As Pravda.Ru has reported before, the new missile is designed to replace the ""Voevoda"" complex (NATO reporting name ""Satan""). Military analyst Alexander Perendzhiev told Politonline.ru that Russia did not have to prove anything to anyone. ""In the West, they pay a lot of attention on Russian armed forces. In principle, the current series of publications fits the current anti-Russian hysteria trend. I do not think there is any point in trying to prove whether the news about the missile was true or fake. It's up to them to think and decide what we have and what we don't have. Let the debate begin. There is no point to prove anything here. Russia has to take care of its own security and give either proportional or asymmetrical, yet effective responses, in case something happens. In any case, we show that we are working. At times, we need to warn them, so that they understand that our intentions to defend our own security are serious."" Politonline",0
3734,We Are All Deplorables,"Donate We Are All Deplorables If left activists are concerned about future political victories, they should take seriously the proposition of open dialogue with Trump supporters. For, as far as the political establishment is concerned, we, both left and right, are all “deplorables”. By Matthew Ricci / counterpunch.org 
Outside of right-wing circles, explanation of Trump’s disheartening victory in the sordid 2016 election has taken two forms. The first, offered by liberal elites in politics, the mainstream media and academia, is that the bewildered herd of benighted voters has delivered a victory to the forces of evil. From incurable racists, xenophobes and misogynists to Sanders loyalists, third-party voters and Russian spies, there is no shortage of scapegoats that the Democratic establishment and their apologists will find to divert attention from their overconfident, self-sabotaged campaign. 
This view has been rightly criticized by those espousing the second explanation, namely, that, independent of the possible bigotry of Trump’s supporters, they do constitute a genuinely downtrodden population, abused by decades of neoliberal policy. Naturally, this is the minority opinion in a political discourse dominated by what was, during the homestretch of the election, the hugely pro-Clinton media. Yet, in this minority voice lies not only the truth about Trump’s rise, but also the seeds of future action. 
If left activists are concerned about future political victories, they should take seriously the proposition of open dialogue with Trump supporters. For, as far as the political establishment is concerned, we, both left and right, are all “deplorables”. 
The possibility of cooperation has already been articulated by Bernie Sanders who stated the day after the election that “[he] and other progressives are prepared to work with [Trump]”, unless the President-elect resorted to “racist, sexist, xenophobic and anti-environment policies” (1). Sanders did not denigrate Trump voters as witless cave-dwellers or plead with them to change their regressive views. Inherent in Sanders’ statement is the idea, recognized by some commentators (2) for years, that the poor, white, Republican-voting working class shares material concerns with the progressive left. Further calls for solidarity have come from Michael Albert, who claimed we should approach Trump’s advocates “not as enemies, but as potential allies” (3). 
These voices call for cooperation with the white working class after an election featuring a Democratic party that held them entirely in contempt. Hillary Clinton, scandal-ridden, hopelessly unpopular and emblematic of liberal technocracy, is now famous for her “basket of deplorables” remark. The leaked Podesta emails, which reveal her admission to Wall Street audiences that she maintains “public” and “private” political personas, further demonstrate her disdain for working people (4). This should come as no surprise after her ardent initial defense of the disastrous TPP, which, as rumblings in her entourage suggested (5), she may have ultimately supported. Of course, anti-democratic sentiment on the part of liberal elites is an invariant feature of political history, so Clinton’s remarks should come as no surprise. 
The disdain-behind-closed-doors of the Clinton campaign has been fully unveiled after the election, with oversimplified depictions of Trump voters as mere racists/misogynists/xenophobes and unending denial in the media of their economic plight. This plight of the white, working class was in plain sight, having been carefully analyzed by thoughtful, mainstream economists for months prior to the election. For example, on issue of the global rise of populist parties, Brown University political economist Mark Blyth noted in a September lecture the correlation between lack of education, chronically low wages and exposure to Chinese import competition with support for right-wing authoritarian leaders (6). A few weeks later, Blyth was left completely unsurprised by Clinton’s defeat. What else but an abandonment of the finance-friendly Democrats could one expect in a world in which $28.5 billion dollars in bonuses were awarded to as yet unprosecuted Wall Street bankers in 2015 (compared to the $15 billion paid to all American workers making minimum wage in the same year) (7), and in which $12 trillion were recently estimated to be stored away in offshore tax havens (8)? What else can one expect from a group now suffering from an increasing death rate (9) in a country where real wages have stagnated since the 1960s (10)? 
This is not to say there are no serious racist and nativist elements to the Trump constituency, including the thug-in-chief himself. These dark elements have been extensively explored and rightly denounced. Yet, this is immaterial to the tactical issue of creating a unified people’s movement in the country. Either the left abandons the sometimes-racist, white poor or it makes a genuine attempt to understand, empathize, and cooperate with them. Serious efforts in this regard have already been mounted, including by Berkley sociologist Arlie Russell Hochschild, who lived deep in Tea Party country, the Louisiana bayou, for five years, as recounted in her book, Strangers in Their Own Land: Anger and Mourning on the American Right . Here, she met an embattled people, facing poverty and environmental disaster, who were deeply religious, fiercely anti-government and professedly non-racist. Hochschild and the Louisianans differed in their understanding of racism, though her goal was not to proselytize. Instead, she wanted to scale an “empathy wall” and to feel what it was like to have political beliefs the opposite of her own. “We,” she writes, “on both sides, wrongly imagine that empathy with the ‘other’ side brings an end to clearheaded analysis when, in truth, it’s on the other side of that bridge that the most important analysis can begin” (11). 
The notion that real politics only begins when we sincerely address those who disagree with us is not a new one. Gandhi, both a political leader and the head of a strict religious group, recognized that politics was about reaching a broad public and not about cultish self-congratulation (12). Naturally, this entails approaching those who disagree with us, with empathy and understanding as our primary strategy. Goodwill and openness should not be reserved only for those whose views we find palatable. Indeed, goodwill and openness mean nothing unless they are applied precisely to those who disagree with us, perhaps staunchly. 
In fact, the job has been made all the easier since Trump’s supporters often materially agree with the progressive left, and, importantly, dislike Trump. For example, 21% of those who claimed Trump was not “honest and trustworthy” actually voted for him; moreover, Democratic and Republican voters had “reservations” about their candidate in equal numbers (13). Hoschschild also noted this lack of enthusiasm among Louisianan Trump supporters, who recognized the plutocrat’s clownishness, but, nevertheless, felt completely abandoned by the Democratic Party (14). In the aftermath of an election featuring earth’s two least popular humans, we can be sure that only a small minority will be inexorably attached to their candidates. 
This could leave open the door to genuine dialogue between progressives and the typically-Republican right, though such discussion is no certainty. For example, there have been a number of meetings at Ivy League universities about solidarity with endangered minorities and the plan-of-attack against Trump (15), but no meetings, to my knowledge, explicitly designed to reach out to Trump voters. It goes without saying that the former types of meetings are absolutely necessary, but there is no reason why they cannot co-exist with the latter type. Where is, for example, the effort at elite universities to organize discussions with Republican voters who often live in rural areas not an hour’s drive from campus? Where are the burgeoning coalitions between equally-dissatisfied left and right voters bent on holding Trump’s feet to the fire on the promises, which, with high probability, he will break? Major marches are planned for the period around Trump’s inauguration, though not a great deal of thought has been given to the antagonizing effect of such events in the absence of sincere, widespread desire for cross-party collaboration. 
Simple repulsion at Trump supporters amounts to the discarding of 60 million votes in a world where, alarmingly, elections still matter. There can be no strategic reason for such repulsion, especially since Middle America, despite its votes for Trump, was (16) and is (17) a hotbed of left politics. Nor does lack of repulsion equate to capitulation to Trump’s assuredly monstrous regime, which marches the planet ever closer to self-destruction. Instead, genuine openness and principled collaboration with Trump’s supporters may be the only thing to turn the one major bright spot of the election, the Sanders campaign, into an ongoing, overwhelming political force. The only confirmed adversary of left activists should be the political establishment, the smug network of technocratic state planners, financiers and war profiteers, which forsook Trump voters, along with much of the global population, in the first place. 
Matthew Ricci is a PhD student at Brown University studying machine learning and neuroscience. He can be reached at . 
Notes. 
1/ “Sanders Statement on Trump”, November 9, 2016 http://www.sanders.senate.gov/newsroom/press-releases/sanders-statement-on-trump 
2/ See, for example, Noam Chomsky’s remarks: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DwTht2L4jqA&app=desktop , from 2014. 
3/ Michael Albert, “Why No Trumpist Celebrations and Finding Our New Old Path”, ZNet , November 13, 2016, https://zcomm.org/znetarticle/why-no-trumpist-celebrations-and-finding-our-new-old-path/ 
5/ https://wikileaks.org/podesta-emails/emailid/6616 
6/ Mark Blyth, “Watson Institute Student Seminar Series – American Democracy: The Dangers and Opportunities of Right Here and Right Now”, September 27, 2016, https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Bkm2Vfj42FY 
7/ Nicholas Kristoff, “Inequality is a Choice,” The New York Times, May 2, 2015, http://www.nytimes.com/2015/05/03/opinion/sunday/nicholas-kristof-inequality-is-a-choice.html 
8/ Shaxson, Nicholas. Treasure Islands: Tax Havens and the Men who Stole the World , Bodley Head, London, 2011 
9/ Case, A., & Deaton, A. (2015). Rising morbidity and mortality in midlife among white non-Hispanic Americans in the 21st century. Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences , 112 (49), 201518393. http://doi.org/10.1073/pnas.1518393112 
10/ Drew Desilver, “For most workers, real wages have barely budged for decades,” Pew Research Center , October 9, 2014, http://www.pewresearch.org/fact-tank/2014/10/09/for-most-workers-real-wages-have-barely-budged-for-decades/ 
11/ Hochschild, Arlie Russell. Strangers in Their Own Land: Anger and Mourning on the American Right , The New Press, New York, NY, 2016. 
12/ Finkelstein, Norman G. What Gandhi Says: About Nonviolence, Resistance and Courage , OR Books, New York, NY, 2012 
13/ Jon Huang, Samuel Jacoby, K. Rebecca Lai and Michael Strickland, “Election 2016: Exit Polls”, The New York Times , November 8, 2016 http://www.nytimes.com/interactive/2016/11/08/us/politics/election-exit-polls.html 
14/ See Hochschild’s interview at http://www.democracynow.org/2016/9/28/arlie_russell_hochschild_on_strangers_in 
15/ See, for example, https://www.brown.edu/about/administration/president/statements/20161109 and https://www.sp2.upenn.edu/sp2-event/post-election-town-hall-meeting/ . The latter university, incidentally, produced Donald Trump. 
16/ Dubofsky, Melvyn. Labor in America: A History . Wiley-Blackwell, Hobeken, NJ, 8 th , 2012 
17/ Alperovitz, Gar. America Beyond Capitalism: Reclaiming Our Wealth, Our Liberty and Our Democracy . Democracy Collaborative Press 0.0 ·",0
3735,Soros Legal Alum Helps Get Illegal Alien MS-13 Member Released,"An illegal alien   gang member was released by a federal judge after two immigration attorneys lobbied for his release. [U. S. District Judge Elizabeth K. Dillon ordered the      illegal alien   gang member be released from federal custody, despite his criminal and   history.  The illegal alien previously admitted to selling drugs in Honduras and witnessing multiple murders committed by fellow   members. Now, he will be allowed to live freely in the U. S. In an interview with the Washington Post, the illegal alien spoke about how being a member of the violent   gang felt like a family: “It was like the family I couldn’t find at home,” he said. “I thought nobody loved me. But when I found them, I said, ‘This is my family. They love me.’ ” Older gang members gave him money, alcohol, marijuana and cocaine. But soon they demanded he sell drugs, too, including heroin and “piedra,” or crack. “I began to see things, like them torturing people,” the teen said. “For rent. Because they belonged to another gang. Because they had screwed up somehow. ” The illegal alien gang member arrived in the U. S. as an ‘unaccompanied minor child,’ who are turned over to the Office of Refugee Resettlement (ORR). As Breitbart Texas reported, the federal government has continued placing unaccompanied minor children in   gang   across the U. S. One of the two attorneys who helped fight for the   gang member’s release, Simon   and Rebecca Wolozin with the Legal Aid Justice Center, has ties to   billionaire George Soros. Wolozin previously worked for Soros’ Open Society Foundation as a ‘Legal Research Intern,’ according to her online resume. John Binder is a reporter for Breitbart Texas. Follow him on Twitter at @JxhnBinder. ",0
3736,Richard Simmons Signs With Licensing Firm. Is a Re-emergence Next? - The New York Times,"Richard Simmons, the reclusive fitness mogul whose sudden disappearance from public life spawned a hit podcast, might soon return to public life, thanks to a business deal. And in the latest odd twist in Mr. Simmons’s story, it may be a result of that podcast. Prominent Brand + Talent, a management company   by Mr. Simmons’s manager of three decades, announced on Wednesday that it had acquired exclusive rights to represent Mr. Simmons for merchandising, endorsements and licensing opportunities. The trade publication License first reported the deal. Michael Catalano, Mr. Simmons’s manager, said in an interview that Mr. Simmons might be willing to come out of his   exile to help promote products that result from the deal. If Mr. Simmons does appear in public, it would be the first time he has done so since February 2014, when he stopped showing up to teach his class at Slimmons, his gym in Beverly Hills, Calif. He abruptly became a recluse and has not been seen since, spurring concerns about his  . “All I can say, at least for now, is it is possible,” Mr. Catalano said of whether Mr. Simmons would get involved publicly. “But it is yet to be determined, I would say. ” Mr. Catalano added that Mr. Simmons was directly involved in pursuing the deal, and noted that   products would “be in keeping with Richard’s lifelong mission and messaging. ” “We’re talking about   products that will hopefully accomplish what Richard really set his life’s work to do, which is to help people take better care of themselves,” he said. “We’re not licensing tires and party hats. ” Dan Taberski, a former producer for “The Daily Show” and a friend of Mr. Simmons, set out to solve the mystery of what happened to the obstreperous crusader for exercise in a   podcast series, “Missing Richard Simmons. ” It quickly became the most downloaded podcast on iTunes but also attracted criticism, drawing complaints that it was violating Mr. Simmons’s privacy. Mr. Taberski never got to talk to Mr. Simmons but was able to interview Mr. Catalano, who said in the podcast’s last episode: “I can’t say Richard feels better as a result of the podcast. Perhaps you do. ” But the podcast did create new interest in Mr. Simmons, spurring this pursuit of new business deals. It put Mr. Simmons “front and center,” as Mr. Catalano said, which gave Mr. Taberski some solace. “Telling his story was a huge part of the podcast,” Mr. Taberski said in an interview. “He changed lives, and he’s a genius businessperson. If I had even the smallest part in reminding people of that, fantastic. ” Mr. Simmons’s representatives were critical of the podcast throughout its run, citing multiple welfare checks from the Los Angeles Police Department that showed Mr. Simmons to be in good health. “I’m very conflicted about the podcast,” Mr. Catalano said. “I was not happy with a lot of the mistruths that were represented there. It also didn’t really uncover or reveal anything new that hasn’t been reported previously. And I think in many ways that was difficult for Richard to have to live through again. ” But “Missing Richard Simmons” did have a silver lining for Mr. Catalano. “Certainly I would say, without a doubt, a younger demo is aware of Richard as a result,” Mr. Catalano said. “At the end of the day, if it helps deliver his message to people who were unaware of it previously, fantastic. That’s what Richard’s mission has always been. ” Mr. Simmons, through Mr. Catalano, declined a request for an interview.",0
3737,Turk in Iran Sanctions Case Adds Rudy Giuliani to Legal Team - The New York Times,"Reza Zarrab, a prominent Turkish gold trader who has been jailed in New York on charges of violating the United States sanctions on Iran, has added Rudolph W. Giuliani, the former New York mayor, to his legal team, adding intrigue to a case that has been steeped in international politicking between Turkey and the United States. Just last month, Mr. Giuliani and another prominent lawyer, Michael B. Mukasey, traveled to meet with the Turkish president, Recep Tayyip Erdogan, as part of their efforts on behalf of Mr. Zarrab, according to a person briefed on the meeting who spoke on the condition of anonymity because of the sensitivity of the trip. Mr. Giuliani is close to President Donald J. Trump, raising the question of whether Mr. Zarrab has retained him in an effort to negotiate a beneficial resolution of his case at the highest levels of the Trump administration.  Mr. Mukasey is a former federal judge and attorney general in the George W. Bush administration. Since Mr. Trump’s election, there has been a warming of ties between Turkey and the United States, with officials close to Mr. Erdogan quoted as saying they see the prospect of a fresh start in relations. The United States attorney’s office in Manhattan said in a court filing on Monday evening that it was told that Mr. Giuliani and Mr. Mukasey “have been retained by the defendant and are involved in, and will continue to be involved in, efforts to explore a potential disposition of the criminal charges in this matter. ” Mr. Zarrab, 33, who was born in Iran and moved to Turkey as an infant, has dual citizenship. He was arrested in March 2016 as he arrived on a trip to Miami, and was sent to New York to face charges. Prosecutors, arguing against bail, said Mr. Zarrab had used his considerable wealth and influence to be released from a prison in Turkey after he was detained there in 2013 as part of a corruption investigation of businessmen with close ties to Mr. Erdogan, then Turkey’s prime minister. Mr. Erdogan has publicly criticized Mr. Zarrab’s prosecution in the United States. According to Turkish news reports, Mr. Erdogan said last fall that he had raised Mr. Zarrab’s case with   President Joseph R. Biden, Jr. during talks at the United Nations, and Mr. Erdogan also said there were “malicious” intentions in the prosecution, according to the reports. Mr. Zarrab has been charged with facilitating millions of dollars in illicit transactions on behalf of Iran and other sanctioned entities through the use of front companies and false documentation. Prosecutors have said he “allegedly tricked numerous U. S. financial institutions into processing barred transactions. ” Mr. Zarrab has also been charged with conspiracies to commit money laundering and bank fraud. He has pleaded not guilty to the charges, and was ordered detained without bond. Mr. Zarrab’s decision to retain Mr. Giuliani and Mr. Mukasey was revealed on Monday in a court filing by the office of Joon H. Kim, the acting United States attorney in Manhattan, who took office this month after Preet Bharara was dismissed by the Trump administration. Mr. Kim’s office said it was advising the judge, Richard M. Berman, of potential conflicts of interest posed by representation of Mr. Zarrab by the two lawyers, noting that Mr. Giuliani’s firm, Greenberg Traurig, and Mr. Mukasey’s firm, Debevoise  Plimpton, had each represented banks that prosecutors say were victims in the case. Mr. Kim’s office asked that the judge hold a hearing on the issue. Mr. Zarrab’s lead lawyer, Benjamin Brafman, responded in a letter to the judge, saying no hearing was necessary because no lawyers from either firm “will have any involvement in the trial preparation or trial in this case, and neither Mr. Giuliani nor Mr. Mukasey intends to file a notice of appearance before your honor. ” “Their roles will not require any appearing in court,” Mr. Brafman wrote. Mr. Brafman, Mr. Mukasey and a spokeswoman for Mr. Giuliani each had no comment on Monday. The United States attorney’s office also declined to comment. Mr. Kim’s office, responding with the filing in the evening, argued that a hearing was “especially appropriate and necessary at this time if, as the letter from defense counsel indicates, Mr. Giuliani and Mr. Mukasey’s involvement in this case is intended to occur entirely outside of the court’s purview and knowledge. ” Adding to the intrigue surrounding the Zarrab case is the fact that Mr. Giuliani has recommended Mr. Mukasey’s son, Marc L. Mukasey, a fellow lawyer at Greenberg Traurig, to Mr. Trump to become the next United States attorney in Manhattan, according to two people briefed on the discussions. The firm’s spokeswoman said the younger Mr. Mukasey has no involvement in the Zarrab case.",0
3738,"Bush Sr. & W, Bill Clinton, Obama Skype with ‘Black Hat handler’ to avoid public discovery of .01% Crimes Against Humanity, looting, pedophilia","Posted on November 6, 2016 by Carl Herman 
(Satire) : In an extraordinarily high-tech conference room, a wall of high-definition screens show four faces: George Bush, Sr., George W. Bush, Bill Clinton, Barack Obama; each about 4 feet by 3 feet in a large connected rectangle going clockwise from the top-left position. The room is dark. A male is alone in the conference room; a “Black Hat handler.” (full adult language) 
Black Hat: I recommend your closest attention and obedience, because we are quite willing to sacrifice all of you. 
Sr.: Fuck you. We all have dead-man switches to expose you if we go down. We’re in this together. 
W: Yeah! And we’re not talking about our “switches” being dead no matter how cute and young the boys and girls are at Epstein and pedophile parties ! (and here ) 
Black: Fools, silence! We’re trying to help you! 
Bill: “Help” isn’t in your DNA. You play our addictions, and sacrifice us if we’re not of use. But, Bush-Daddy is right: we can take y’all down just as easy as you take us down. 
Black: I see. Then you’re all agreeable to end this communication now and scramble in this shit-storm without us? 
Barack: No. These guys are too old, and one too stupid to care… 
W: I’m not that old… 
Barack: … but I’m young enough to want a future. What’s your proposal, sir? 
Black: Anyone want to leave this call? 
Sr.: We’re listening. We’ve kept our end of our bargain, and expect you to keep yours. Don’t threaten us. We’re all vulnerable. 
Black: You all will continue your roles as former US Presidents, acting as window dressing when called. We have a minor situation to bitch-slap some Boy Scouts leaking e-mails, and will respond as appropriate. 
One response is to “select” Hillary in a close “election” with our controlled voting software . We’ll monitor blow-back, and might have her “die” like Enron’s Kenny Lay with Bill following shortly of a “broken heart.” 
(Black pauses the required moment as all loudly laugh at that ridiculous contradiction) 
We will then control events through the cleaner puppet. Another response is to select Trump, have him play ball , or “heart attack” him. 
Bill: So you’re telling us you’ve got this all under control. 
Black: As usual. Nothing has changed. 
W: How do we know you’ve got this managed? 
Black: If you can be caught 200 times with a gay male prostitute in the White House pretending to be the highest professional media, and we can make that story “go away” down the sheeple’s memory-hole, we can manage a “few e-mails from Russia” or whatever we end up calling them. 
W: (whining) And when can we stop pretending to care about these sheeple? (all 4 others roll their eyes) 
Sr.: Junior, our part of the deal is to keep pretending until the population is culled to about a half-billion through conditioning water , food , air , healthcare , vaccines , war , debt , etc. Our Masters’ part of the deal is to use developing clone technology for our class to be young and live forever. We’ll alternate with ongoing sheeple-management roles as demi-Gods, while they work as our servant class. 
W: Oh, yeah. So stay the course. 
3 other Presidents: Stay the course. 
Barack: (lighting a cigarette) You fellas have a lot less to worry about than me. As the current President, I’m the one getting heat. And if those e-mails aren’t silenced, it could get a lot hotter. 
Bill: We all have blood on our hands, Barack. Hundreds of millions dead by Crimes Against Humanity . And it’ll be hotter for me than you if the billions we looted through the Clinton Foundation is exposed. 
Sr.: We’re all rogue state pimps. We all get lynched if one of us goes down. 
Black: If you ladies are through chatting… (pauses. The Presidents give their attention) 
What you all have to do is stay on script. Go where you’re told, say what we tell you. If you fuck-up, we’ll kill you and do it without you. 
Your choice has never changed, and never will: cooperate and have the riches of material existence. When we have full cloning technology, your consciousness can live in a perfect body forever. 
Or, fuck with us and die. 
We need a few more steps to clean this planet of 90% of the sheeple . You “Presidents” (sneers) are the principle puppets of our agents to keep the sheep waddling to the slaughter house. 
Are we all in agreement for your cooperation? 
4 Presidents: Yes, Sir. 
4 Presidents: Hail Satan ! 
Scene dissolves into a modern newsroom’s broadcast: 
Anchor 1: And that captured and leaked Skype call was the latest in the ongoing disclosure of how captured humanity was to total evil. 
Anchor 2: Next: How public education is catching-up from their capture to graduate for Truth, Love, and Technology ! Stay tuned. 
** 
Similar to Emperor’s New Clothes satire, the real-world crimes are easy to explain, document, and prove: The Crimes The US is a literal rogue state empire led by neocolonial looting liars. The history is uncontested and taught to anyone taking comprehensive courses. If anyone has any refutations of this professional academic factual claim for any of this easy-to-read and documented content , please provide it. US ongoing lie-started and Orwellian-illegal Wars of Aggression require all US military and government to refuse all war orders because there are no lawful orders for obviously unlawful wars. Officers are required to arrest those who issue obviously unlawful orders. And again, those of us working for this area of justice are aware of zero attempts to refute this with, “War law states (a, b, c), so the wars are legal because (d, e, f).” All we receive is easy-to-reveal bullshit . When Americans are told an election is defined by touching a computer screen without a countable receipt that can be verified, they are being told a criminal lie to allow election fraud . This is self-evident, but Princeton , Stanford , and the President of the American Statistical Association are among the leaders pointing to the obvious (and here , here , here , here , here , here , here , here , here , here , here , here , here , here , here , here , here , here ). Again, no professional would/can argue an election is legitimate when there is nothing for anyone to count. And, duh, corporate media are criminally complicit through constant lies of omission and commission to “cover” all these crimes. Historic tragic-comic empire is only possible through such straight-face lying, making our Emperor’s New Clothes analogy perfectly chosen. The top three benefits each of monetary reform and public banking total ~$1,000,000 for the average American household, and would be received nearly instantly. Please read that twice. Now look to verify for yourself . Demanding arrests as the required and obvious public response rather than ‘voting’ for more disaster: 
The categories of crime include: Wars of Aggression (the worst crime a nation can commit). Likely treason for lying to US military, ordering unlawful attack and invasions of foreign lands, and causing thousands of US military deaths. Crimes Against Humanity for ongoing intentional policy of poverty that’s killed over 400 million human beings just since 1995 (~75% children; more deaths than from all wars in Earth’s recorded history). 
US military, law enforcement, and all with Oaths to support and defend the US Constitution against all enemies, foreign and domestic, face an endgame choice: Demand arrests , with those with lawful authority to enact it. An arrest is the lawful action to stop apparent crimes , with the most serious crimes documented here meaning the most serious need for arrests. Watch the US escalate its rogue state crimes that annually kill millions, harm billions, and loot trillions. 
In just 90 seconds , former US Marine Ken O’Keefe powerfully states how you may choose to voice “very obvious solutions”: arrest the criminal leaders (video starts at 20:51, then finishes this episode of Cross Talk ): Solutions worth literal tens of trillions to ‘We the People’: 
Again: The top three benefits each of monetary reform and public banking total ~$1,000,000 for the average American household, and would be received nearly instantly. Please read that twice. Now look to verify for yourself . We can quantify the end of the lie-started and illegal Wars of Aggression quickly into the trillions, and that said, it’s worth a lot more than what we quantify. Truth : a world in which education is expressed in its full potential to only and always begin with good-faith effort for objective, comprehensive, and verifiable data. 
“Interview” series:",0
3739,Details of Syria Pact Widen Rift Between John Kerry and Pentagon - The New York Times,"WASHINGTON  —   The agreement that Secretary of State John Kerry announced with Russia to reduce the killing in Syria has widened an increasingly public divide between Mr. Kerry and Defense Secretary Ashton B. Carter, who has deep reservations about the plan for American and Russian forces to jointly target terrorist groups. Mr. Carter was among the administration officials who pushed against the agreement on a conference call with the White House last week as Mr. Kerry, joining the argument from a secure facility in Geneva, grew increasingly frustrated. Although President Obama ultimately approved the effort after hours of debate, Pentagon officials remain unconvinced. On Tuesday at the Pentagon, officials would not even agree that if a cessation of violence in Syria held for seven days  —   the initial part of the deal  —   the Defense Department would put in place its part of the agreement on the eighth day: an extraordinary collaboration between the United States and Russia that calls for the American military to share information with Moscow on Islamic State targets in Syria. “I’m not saying yes or no,” Lt. Gen. Jeffrey L. Harrigian, commander of the United States Air Forces Central Command, told reporters on a video conference call. “It would be premature to say that we’re going to jump right into it. ” White House officials were also dubious. “I think we’d have some reasons to be skeptical that the Russians are able or are willing to implement the arrangement consistent with the way it’s been described,” Josh Earnest, the White House press secretary, said Monday at a briefing. He added, darkly, “But we’ll see. ” In Mr. Kerry’s view, the administration has needed to do everything it can to restrain the forces of President Bashar   of Syria from continuing to bomb civilians. Once the Russians entered the war, that meant making the deal with President Vladimir V. Putin  —   one in which the Russians would pressure Mr. Assad to stay out of the skies. For Mr. Kerry, the search for a reduction in violence in Syria, and ultimately a political agreement that will ease Mr. Assad out of office, is a matter of legacy and reputation. His first major project as secretary of state, reviving Middle East peace talks, collapsed before his first year in office was complete. His next major effort, the Iran nuclear deal, was far more successful, and he ultimately found a way to persuade the Iranians to ship most of their nuclear material out of the country and dismantle key facilities. But the Syria deal, as Mr. Kerry himself conceded at the State Department on Monday, is far more complex, in part because there are so many other players, beyond Washington and Moscow, with stakes in the outcome. In private, he has conceded to aides and friends that he believes it will not work. But he has said he is determined to try, so that he and Mr. Obama do not leave office having failed to alleviate a civil war that has taken roughly half a million lives. The first full day of the   passed on Tuesday with no notable violations, but an atmosphere of deep mistrust prevailed in Syria’s   areas, residents and monitoring groups reported. The skepticism was fed partly by what appeared to be delays in expediting United Nations aid deliveries to the northern city of Aleppo and other combat zones where civilians have long been deprived of food and medicine. Relief for these areas is an important component of the   agreement. The United Nations mediator in the conflict, Staffan de Mistura, told reporters in Geneva that there had been a “significant drop in violence” since the   plan took effect at sundown on Monday. But he said United Nations relief trucks bound for Aleppo, lined up at southern Turkey’s border with Syria, had not received assurances of safe travel. Mr. de Mistura also said the Syrian government had still not provided required authorizations for deliveries to other locations, “but we are eagerly hoping and expecting the government to issue them very soon. ” The divide between Mr. Kerry and Mr. Carter reflects the inherent conflict in Mr. Obama’s Syria policy. The president has come under increased fire politically for his refusal to intervene more forcefully in the   civil war, which the United Nations says has killed more than 400, 000 people, displaced more than six million and led to a refugee crisis in Europe. But keeping large numbers of American ground forces out of Syria has also created space for Russia to assume a greater role there, both on the battlefield and at the negotiating table. The result is that at a time when the United States and Russia are at their most combative posture since the end of the Cold War, the American military is suddenly being told that it may, in a week, have to start sharing intelligence with one of its biggest adversaries to jointly target Islamic State and Nusra Front forces in Syria. “I remain skeptical about anything to do with the Russians,” Gen. Philip M. Breedlove, who recently stepped down as NATO’s supreme allied commander, said Monday in an interview. “There are a lot of concerns about putting out there where our folks are. ” In an email, Peter Cook, the Pentagon press secretary, said: “As Secretary Carter has said, Secretary Kerry has worked tirelessly to try and ease the suffering of the Syrian people and bring about a diplomatic resolution to the Syrian civil war. If fully implemented, this arrangement could advance those important goals. The Defense Department, he added, “will carry out its responsibilities, but it’s really up to Russia and the regime to comply with the terms and finally start doing the right thing in Syria. ” Chief among Pentagon concerns is whether sharing targeting information with Russia could reveal how the United States uses intelligence to conduct airstrikes, not just in Syria but in other places, which Moscow could then use for its own advantage in the growing confrontations undersea and in the air around the Baltics and Europe. But to Mr. Kerry’s inner team of advisers, the Pentagon approach was reflexive Cold   thinking. For all the other tensions with Russia, they believed that the Russians themselves did not want to get mired in Syria and would cooperate up to a point. The two countries have worked together in a limited way in the past, although that cooperation has been more at the negotiating table than on the battlefield. American and Russian diplomats worked together toward the Iran nuclear deal. They also sought, unsuccessfully, to reach a lasting agreement to denuclearize the Korean Peninsula, but North Korea has since tested a number of nuclear weapons. When Russia entered the Syrian conflict last year to support Mr. Assad against the Islamic State but also against   rebels, the two countries agreed to have talks to   their military activity. But those talks have been limited, focusing primarily on making sure that Russian and American planes do not get in each other’s way in the skies over Syria. A Pentagon official said that by and large, the “ ” talks had worked out, with some exceptions. Meanwhile, the two militaries have adopted an increasingly combative stance toward each other in other places. Russia’s invasion of Crimea and the ensuing fight over eastern Ukraine led the Obama administration to substantially increase the deployment of heavy weapons, armored vehicles and other equipment to NATO countries in Central and Eastern Europe, a move that administration officials said was aimed at deterring Russia. This year, Russian planes have taken to buzzing American warships in the Baltic Sea. And American intelligence officials said in July that they believed the Russian government was behind the theft of emails and documents from the Democratic National Committee. “From a Pentagon perspective, the U. S. military is the one that, around the world, is on the receiving end of Russia’s military misbehavior,” said Derek Chollet, a former assistant secretary of defense in the Obama administration. “There is just generally a lack of trust. ” It is a measure of the sensitivity of the agreement  —   for Washington, for Moscow and for an array of other countries and opposition groups  —   that the State Department has not released text of the agreement with the Russians, or even a fact sheet summarizing it.",0
3740,Christie’s Contemporary Art Chief Departs to Become Dealer - The New York Times,"In a move that is likely to roil the art world, and that attests to the increasingly collaborative relationship between private dealers and auction houses, Brett Gorvy  —   long considered the master broker of contemporary art at Christie’s  —   is leaving after 23 years to join forces with Dominique Lévy, the founder of a powerful Madison Avenue gallery. It will now be known as Lévy Gorvy. “It’s quite a coup,” the San   art adviser Mary Zlot said. The pair, she said, “will add that much more firepower” to the marketplace. Mr. Gorvy, the Christie’s chairman and international head of postwar and contemporary art, is widely credited with fortifying the auction house’s reputation for securing A+ quality work and for aggressive deal making, which allowed it to become the market leader in postwar and contemporary sales. Since Mr. Gorvy’s appointment to that position more than a decade ago, Christie’s has achieved the three highest prices at auction: $179. 4 million for Picasso’s “Les Femmes d’Alger (Version ‘O’)” in 2015 $170. 4 million for Amedeo Modigliani’s “Nu Couché” (Reclining Nude) that same year and $142. 4 million for Francis Bacon’s triptych, “Three Studies of Lucian Freud,” in 2013. His move signals the growing alliance between auction houses and dealers where they used to distrust each other as competitors, these days they work together to secure the highest prices for sellers and the   pieces for buyers. Dealers use auction houses for their international reach, and auction houses use dealers to connect with clients who wish to sell at public auction or through private auction sales. Auction houses also work with dealers to establish   guarantees, the minimum bids at which lots are promised to sell. Mr. Gorvy is the latest executive to move between auctions and private sales. In 2014, Amy Cappellazzo, after 13 years with Christie’s, left to start an art advisory business, which was acquired by Sotheby’s in January. According to Sotheby’s, private sales have almost doubled over the last year. In 2013, a prominent Sotheby’s auctioneer, Tobias Meyer, also left, to become a private art adviser. About 16 percent of Christie’s business is now in private sales, it said, and Mr. Gorvy has been active in expanding that division at the auction house, which is privately owned by the French luxury goods magnate   Pinault. As a specialist, Mr. Gorvy said: “You go talk to a client and you say, ‘I’m going to deliver, because I know this painting, I know who’s going to buy this painting.’ I was able to persuade people to sell pictures at times when people were not necessarily even thinking of selling the pictures because of my total belief in my ability and my team’s ability to do that. ” In a joint interview at Ms. Lévy’s home, Mr. Gorvy said he decided to leave Christie’s a year ago because he wanted to start a new chapter. “At the age of 52, you have one more opportunity,” he said. “Even though I hate change, there’s a certain moment when you know in your heart that the time is right. ” “You look at the Roger Federers” of the world, he added, referring to the tennis champion. “At what point do you basically take it to another level?” Jussi Pylkkanen, the global president of Christie’s, said he was sorry to see Mr. Gorvy leave. “It’s a loss for us,” he said. “He’s deeply respected both by collectors and the people who have worked with him. ” At the same time, Mr. Pylkkanen added, Mr. Gorvy has created a strong bench that includes specialists like Loic Gouzer, Laura Paulson, Francis Outred, Sara Friedlander and Alex Rotter (who left Sotheby’s in March and will become chairman of postwar and contemporary art at Christie’s Americas). Having explored several options, including going out on his own, Mr. Gorvy said he was ultimately compelled by Ms. Lévy’s “boutique mentality of what a dealer is,” in the tradition of Leo Castelli, Pierre Matisse and Anthony d’Offay  —   “  galleries who understood new markets. ” In addition, he said, Ms. Lévy  —   who also serves as an art adviser and has galleries in London and Geneva  —   represents some of his favorite artists, including the Italian artist Carol Rama, whose estate recently joined the gallery. He admires Ms. Lévy’s emphasis on female artists and her exhibition program, including her drawings show this year her Calder miniatures show last year and her first show in 2013 about the resonance among Lucio Fontana, Yves Klein and Cy Twombly. “Museums are not doing these things,” Mr. Gorvy said. “They’re looking to the galleries. They can’t afford to do it. ” (He also respected Ms. Lévy’s discretion. “I could never get out of Dominique what the Sotheby’s offers were or the Phillips offers,” he said, referring to the bids made by rival auction houses for artists’ works. “She basically held the line. ”) Ms. Lévy, who is 48, said she had long wanted to team with Mr. Gorvy, whom she knew from her time at Christie’s nearly 20 years ago. “I admire his knowledge,” Ms. Lévy said. “We’re both collectors. We both love the art. ” Ms. Lévy has been on her own since parting with Robert Mnuchin in 2012, opening her gallery in 2013 in a landmark 1930s former bank building on Madison Avenue and 73rd Street. In June, she said she was taking over the entire space. That expansion, to be completed in January, helped to seal Mr. Gorvy’s decision. “Here is someone I feel an incredible kinship with,” he said, “who also has the perfect space. ” Mr. Gorvy is leaving at a time when Christie’s is trying to dominate market share even as it also tries to build profits. Because Christie’s is not a public company, no one knows how much of its margins it gives away through guarantees. Mr. Gorvy gained a reputation for winning prime consignments with little regard for profits, a portrayal he said was inaccurate. “Everyone thinks I’m about market share,” he said. “In fact, I’m much more interested in, did I have the best paintings?” As it happens, Mr. Gorvy said, he grew unhappy at Christie’s three years ago precisely because of the intense competitive pressure. “It was a crazy world, the market was ugly, it was all deal, deal, deal,” he said. “Huge risk was taken on board to maximize the market. You were pushing things to the highest level, and it was incredibly stressful. It was a very tough period from the personal side when you love art and you love exhibitions and the main driver is your passion and your pursuit of excellence. ” More recently, Christie’s has had to rein in spending to adapt to a softening market. Some in the art world have assumed that Mr. Gorvy felt constrained by the   of his bosses, but he said he agreed with this approach. “The last thing that I want is to have a company, which is not actually a business,” he said. “We are a business. We are not art historians. We are not curators. ” Mr. Gorvy said he’s confident that Christie’s will be fine without him. “We’re a team,” he said. “I walked into a vacuum. I’m not leaving a vacuum. ”",0
3741,ESPN’s Stephen A Smith: Kaepernick Ending Protest Is ’Incredibly Opportunistic’ - ’He’s Not Fooling Anybody’ - Breitbart,"During Thursday’s “First Take” on ESPN,   Stephen A. Smith reacted to the report that quarterback Colin Kaepernick is ending his national anthem protest for the 2017 season.  Smith said Kaepernick is “not fooling anybody” with his “incredibly opportunistic” decision now that he is no longer employed in the NFL. “Colin Kaepernick is looking at himself and saying, ‘My career might be in jeopardy. I’m looking for a new contract to prolong my NFL career, and this is the stance I need to change.’ It’s incredibly opportunistic, it’s flagrantly so. He’s not fooling anybody this way,” Smith stated. He later added, “[B]ecause of the timing of it all, as it appears to be flagrantly opportunistic, I’m not buying it one bit, and more importantly, I don’t give a damn. ” Follow Trent Baker on Twitter @MagnifiTrent",0
3742,Will Michelle Obama Run For Office? Here’s President Obama’s Answer.,President Obama said Friday that his wife Michelle “will never run for office.”  ,0
3743,How Donald Trump changed the world of dating,"Print 
Politics, said Katie Oldenburg, is like an ex-boyfriend — you don’t bring it up on the first date. 
Or so it used to go. This historically divisive election year has prompted Oldenburg, a 29-year-old public relations specialist who lives in New York City, to make a new dating rule: no Donald Trump supporters. 
“Talking about politics on a first date is a big no-no,” she said. “But given the state of affairs and how awful things have been, I’ve made a conscious effort to try and determine if I’m on the same page as whomever I’m dating at the time.” 
She added: “Just because Donald Trump’s comments have been so repulsive and disgusting that I don’t even want to be on a date with somebody who supports that person.” 
Trump and his demagogic presidential campaign have proven to be a major friction point in friendships, family relationships and even some marriages, as Americans grapple with one of the ugliest, most polarizing elections in American history.",0
3744,Nomi Prins: Broadcast Interview – Available Now,"110913 Views October 30, 2016 KWN PLUS , TRENDING King World News FOR DIRECTIONS ON HOW TO PLAY OR DOWNLOAD AUDIOS: CLICK HERE Nomi Prins: Keynote speaker who just addressed the Federal Reserve, IMF and the World Bank – Nomi is a renowned journalist, author and speaker. Her latest book, All the Presidents’ Bankers, is a groundbreaking narrative about the relationships of presidents to key bankers over the past century and how they impacted domestic and foreign policy. She was also on a Federal Reserve Advisory Council . Nomi is on the advisory board of the whistle-blowing organization ExposeFacts, and a board member of the animal welfare and wildlife conservation group, Born Free USA. She has also appeared on numerous international and national media. Nomi Prins is a renowned journalist, author and speaker. Her latest book, All the Presidents’ Bankers, is a groundbreaking narrative about the relationships of presidents to key bankers over the past century and how they impacted domestic and foreign policy. To buy Nomi Prins’ new book “ All the Presidents’ Bankers: The Hidden Alliances that Drive American Power “ CLICK HERE or ON THE BOOK Nomi Prins: Keynote speaker who just addressed the Federal Reserve, IMF and the World Bank – Economic signals are everywhere, from magazine covers to grocery stores to military events. They reveal the story of the world economy. Central bankers have done their best to conjure forth inflation in the hopes that this will vanquish deflation but the risk is that our daily lives, and the sustainability of governments, will be affected by an ongoing battle between these two forces. There will be important consequences. Quantitative Easing is now catching people in a vice by pushing up their cost of living even as their income is still falling. This breaks the vital social contracts between citizens and their governments and sets in motion many seemingly unrelated outcomes: social unrest in emerging markets, the movement of manufacturing and jobs back to the US and the West, improvements to the value added of emerging market firms, higher food and energy prices. The rising price, but shrinking size, of a steak, a candy bar and an apartment not only cause pain at home, they also propel some nations to deploy their militaries to secure resources and protect their citizens from the ill effects of inflation and deflation alike. This is already resulting in military confrontations, incidents and near misses between American, Chinese and Russian planes, warships and submarines. The solution is growth and innovation. Luckily, anonymous individuals are balancing their hubris against the risk of failure and proceeding to build a more dynamic economy and the new social contracts that will exist tomorrow. The only question is whether governments are hostile or hospitable to these efforts. By being alert to the many signals around us anyone can better navigate through the turbulence to the treasures of the world economy instead of being continuously overwhelmed and surprised by it. 
All the Presidents’ Bankers: The Hidden Alliances that Drive American Power – Who rules America? 
All the Presidents’ Bankers is a groundbreaking narrative of how an elite group of men transformed the American economy and government, dictated foreign and domestic policy, and shaped world history. 
Culled from original presidential archival documents, All the Presidents’ Bankers delivers an explosive account of the hundred-year interdependence between the White House and Wall Street that transcends a simple analysis of money driving politics—or greed driving bankers. 
Prins ushers us into the intimate world of exclusive clubs, vacation spots, and Ivy League universities that binds presidents and financiers. She unravels the multi-generational blood, intermarriage, and protégé relationships that have confined national influence to a privileged cluster of people. These families and individuals recycle their power through elected office and private channels in Washington, DC. 
All the Presidents’ Bankers sheds new light on pivotal historic events—such as why, after the Panic of 1907, America’s dominant bankers convened to fashion the Federal Reserve System; how J. P. Morgan’s ambitions motivated President Wilson during World War I; how Chase and National City Bank chairmen worked secretly with President Roosevelt to rescue capitalism during the Great Depression while J.P. Morgan Jr. invited Roosevelt’s son yachting; and how American financiers collaborated with President Truman to construct the World Bank and IMF after World War II. 
Prins divulges how, through the Cold War and Vietnam era, presidents and bankers pushed America’s superpower status and expansion abroad, while promoting broadly democratic values and social welfare at home. But from the 1970s, Wall Street’s rush to secure Middle East oil profits altered the nature of political-financial alliances. Bankers’ profit motive trumped heritage and allegiance to public service, while presidents lost control over the economy—as was dramatically evident in the financial crisis of 2008. 
This unprecedented history of American power illuminates how the same financiers retained their authoritative position through history, swaying presidents regardless of party affiliation. All the Presidents’ Bankers explores the alarming global repercussions of a system lacking barriers between public office and private power. Prins leaves us with an ominous choice: either we break the alliances of the power elite, or they will break us. About author",0
3745,Pipeline Billionaire Who Militarized Police at Standing Rock,"Pipeline Billionaire Who Militarized Police at Standing Rock 11 Shares Email 
The months long Dakota Access Keystone XL pipleine protest at the Standing Rock Indian Reservation by Native Americans and those sympathetic to protection of our water supply has been met with heavy-handed and brutal clamp down by police and national guard. Militarized goons in battle dress have stormed protector camps with LRAD sonic weapons, attack dogs , tear gas, tazers , and even live ammunition ( killing horses ), while politicians and mainstream media do their best to ignore this growing atrocity, hoping to wait it out until the protestors give up. 
But, as the saying goes, Water Is Life , and the issue of life and death is at the root of this protection movement, therefore, for people concerned with life, giving up on this is simply unthinkable. The root issue justifying state oppression of the protest is capitalism, and the perception that money is more important than life itself. When the police and national guard attack U.S. citizens on private property to protect corporate interests, who are they really working for? 
The corporate dream of the Keystone XL pipeline is to create a profit stream for a small number of people at the expense of the natural world and anyone in the way. At the top of this pyramid of profit is Texas billionaire Kelcy Warren, CEO of Energy Transfer Partners, the company responsible for the project. 
So who is Kelcy Warren? 
A native of East Texas and graduate of the University of Texas at Arlington with a degree in civil engineering, Warren worked in the natural gas industry and became co-chair of Energy Transfer Equity in 2007. With business partner Ray Davis, co-owner of the Texas Rangers baseball team, Warren built Energy Transfer Equity into one of the nation’s largest pipeline companies, which now owns about 71,000 miles of pipelines carrying natural gas, natural gas liquids, refined products and crude oil. The company’s holdings include Sunoco, Southern Union and Regency Energy Partners. 
Forbes estimates the 60-year-old Warren’s personal wealth at $4 billion. Bloomberg described him as “among America’s new shale tycoons” — but rather than building a fortune by drilling he “takes the stuff others pull from underground and moves it from one place to another, chilling, boiling, pressurizing, and processing it until it’s worth more than when it burst from the wellhead.” [ Source ] 
Shockingly, in 2015 the governor of Texas, Greg Abbott, appointed Warren to the Texas Parks and Wildlife Commission which is an insult to environmentalists working to protect Big Bend National Park and surrounding sacred tribal lands from another $770 million pipeline project . 
“According to the governor’s office, the state parks and wildlife commission “manages and conserves the natural and cultural resources of Texas,” along with ensuring the future of hunting, fishing and outdoor recreation opportunities for Texans.” [ Source ] 
This glaring conflict of interest has inspired Environmental Science major at UTSA and former Texas State Park Ambassador Andrew Lucas to begin a drive to have Warren removed from this environmental post. His petition is described here : 
Most people may know Kelcy Warren as the man behind the controversial Dakota Access Pipeline. The Dallas-based billionaire and CEO of Energy Transfer Partners has been making headlines for fast-tracking a 1100 mile crude oil pipeline across the Midwest and under the Missouri River, just north of the Standing Rock Sioux Reservation. No environmental impact assessment, no respect for cultural sites, and no regard for the local and widespread communities living along the river. A similar story is unfolding out in West Texas, where Warren’s company has split through the pristine Big Bend region with the 200 mile Comanche Trail Pipeline and nearly-complete 143 mile Trans Pecos Pipeline. These Pipelines mark the way for massive natural gas and oil developments in the Trans Pecos region. 
With untold damages unfolding for cultural and environmental resources at the hands of Energy Transfer Partners, it would surprise most to know that nearly a year ago, Texas Governor Greg Abbott appointed Kelcy Warren for a 6 year term as 1 of the 10 commissioners who preside over Texas Parks And Wildlife… Why? Probably the $550,000 in campaign contributions Abbott received from Warren. 
Read More… About the Author 
Isaac Davis is a staff writer for WakingTimes.com and OffgridOutpost.com Survival Tips blog. He is an outspoken advocate of liberty and of a voluntary society. He is an avid reader of history and passionate about becoming self-sufficient to break free of the control matrix. Follow him on Facebook, here .",0
3746,Stocks and Deby – Will Trump Bring Morning or Mourning in America?,"by Michael Pento, Market Oracle : 
On election night, as political analysts were coming to terms with the possibility of a Trump presidency, the Dow Jones futures plummeted over 800 points, and Japan’s benchmark Nikkei 225 plunged more than 6.1%. Investors across the country went to sleep with nightmares of protectionism (Smoot-Hawley Trade Tariffs 2.0) and the fiscal train wreck that a Trump presidency might bring. 
But by the start of trading on November 9th, Dow futures had recouped most of their losses, and it didn’t take long for the erstwhile despondent equity markets to turn sharply positive. 
America reached a sudden epiphany that it perhaps had elected a pro-growth champion in the White House with an obsequious Republican Congress. Therefore, for those on Wall Street it became once again “Morning in America.” 
However, I would warn that before you pile your life savings into an S&P 500 ETF and fall into a complacent slumber, it’s important to explain why the markets have gotten ahead of themselves and where things can go very wrong from here. 
The earnings rebound for equities had been predicated on a falling USD and an oil price rebound. Most importantly, markets had relied upon the Fed’s provision of artificially-low interest rates as far as the eye can see. However, oil prices have fallen from over $51 a barrel a month ago to $45 today. The dollar index has risen from 98.61 before the election to over 101, which is a fourteen-year high, and long-term interest rates are now spiking. 
According to Reuter’s, interest rates on the 30-year fixed mortgage averaged 3.95%, up from 3.77% the prior week, the highest level since January of this year. Rates on the 15-year Fixed-rate and Five-year adjustable-rate mortgage rose to their highest levels since March. This has already started to take its toll on mortgage refinancing, as the MBA’s weekly measure of application activity for refi’s fell 10.9% last week. This is soon to be exacerbated when the Fed resumes its rate hiking mode in December. 
But it’s not just interest rates in the U.S. that are rising; rates are spiking all around the globe. For example, the Italian Ten-year yield has jumped an incredible 45% in the past few trading sessions. 
But the perma-bulls on Wall Street, who first warned that a Trump presidency would be a disaster, now believe that a drastic rise in rates around the world will be ameliorated by a bit more growth here in the United States sometime in the future. But the President’s protectionist trade policies and massive deficits will be an offset to much of his growth measures. 
And while relief on taxes and regulations is something to celebrate, as of now, not one dollar of taxes has been cut, not one regulation has been reduced, and not one shovel for a “shovel ready job” has been purchased. The point is that rising rates could send the anemic U.S. economy into a recession before any of Trump’s plans come to fruition. 
And certainly, U.S. economic growth will not get any help from Emerging Markets (EM). As the significant correction in EM shares immediately following the election is foreboding tough times are ahead for these nations that are strapped with huge amounts of dollar denominated debt. 
But perhaps the most important point to remember is that during the Regan Revolution, which started back in the early 1980’s, morning in America didn’t come overnight. It took time for those harmful Keynesian fiscal and monetary policies to work themselves through the system. It took almost two years for that imbalance to rectify, and for dawn to break for both the economy and equities. But today’s imbalances are far greater than what was extent in 1980. 
In November of 1980, the S&P 500 was 140; and it was at the same level in November of 1982. It wasn’t until 1983 that the S&P 500 saw significant moves higher. Furthermore, the U.S. economy experienced two major recessions during that timeframe, as then Fed Chair Paul Volker squeezed the harmful monetary policies of the 1970’s out of the economy. The first recession occurring between January and July 1980 and the other from July 1981 to November of 1982. 
Ronald Regan reduced the top rate income tax bracket from 70% to 50%. According to CNN Money, the amalgamated plan proposed by Trump and the House could lower the top bracket to 33%. However, the top tax rate currently sits at 39.6%. Therefore, tax reductions, although good news, will not have the same effect as it did in the 80’s. This is because marginal rates will only fall a few percentage points on those job creators, rather than the 20 percentage points enjoyed under Regan. 
Furthermore, debt levels as a percentage of GDP back during the Regan Revolution pale in comparison to those of today. A rapid increase in interest rates will make the cost to service debt extremely onerous. Add to this the massive amount of infrastructure spending that Trump has proposed and we are likely to see much larger deficits and eventually much weaker GDP growth. 
Finally, as seen in the chart below, stocks began the decade of the 80’s with a very modest price to earnings multiples and therefore had a lot of room to run. It’s less likely that Trump’s “Morning in America” will be as favorable for stocks give today’s lofty PE’s. 
The stock market is a forward-looking indicator. And while it is uplifting to see it anticipate better news for the economy, investors should understand that a massive bubble in the bond market isn’t going to unwind with impunity-especially in light of the already overvalued stock market and the huge increase in leverage ratios that exist today. That truth extends to most asset classes and the global economy. Trump may end up turning Mourning in America to Morning…but a surging interest rates may bring Midnight first.",0
3747,Britain Should Embrace Unilateral Free Trade Right Now,"Britain Should Embrace Unilateral Free Trade Right Now Unilateralism is not simply a utopian libertarian ideal Louis Rouanet | Mises.org   Image Credits: Iker Merodio / Flickr . 
If we read the newspapers or listen to the experts, Britain faces two ways to negotiate its way out of the European Union without succumbing to the protectionists’ sirens. 
The first is a deal à la Norway not only with full access to the common market, but also with full implementation of EU law and a contribution to the EU budget as is the case for every member State. The second option would be a trade treaty such as the one negotiated between the EU and Canada. However, a viable third opportunity exists: unilateral free-trade. 
Contrary to what is often assumed, unilateralism is not simply a utopian libertarian ideal which cannot be reached in today’s world. Unilateral free trade is genuine free-trade. It is also the most pragmatic and efficient strategy to foster commerce and peace. Theresa May seems ready to conduct an interventionist industrial and economic policy which oddly resembles French planning as it existed in the 50s and 60s. But, the free-market policy paradigm is more likely to transform post-Brexit Britain into a flourishing economy. 
Unilateral Free Trade: The British Tradition 
The tradition of unilateral free trade is tightly linked to the UK. With the victory of the liberals in the 1840s, Britain became strongly committed to unilateral free trade and from 1845 to at least 1914, free trade was politically unassailable. Trade treaties, however, were seen as inherently suspicious. Sir Robert Peel, when announcing the repeal of the Corn Laws in the House of Commons in 1846, brilliantly warned: 
I trust the government … will not resume the policy which they and we have found most inconvenient, namely the haggling with foreign countries about reciprocal concessions, instead of taking that independent course which we believe to be conducive to our own interests. … [L]et us trust that our example, with the proof of practical benefits we derive from it, will at no remote period insure the adoption of the principles on which we have acted. … Let, therefore, our commerce be as free as our institutions. Let us proclaim commerce free, and nation after nation will follow our example. This repeal of the Corn Laws was the result of an intense political effort, especially by Cobden and the Anti-Corn Law League, who made the case for unilateral free trade. Cobden in his later years explained: 
We came to the conclusion that the less we attempted to persuade foreigners to adopt our trade principles, the better, for we discovered so much suspicion of the motives of England, that it was lending an argument to the protectionists abroad to incite the popular feeling against the free-traders. … To take away this pretense, we avowed our total indifference whether other nations became free-traders or not; but we should abolish Protection for our own selves, and leave other countries to take whatever course they liked best. Some will argue that the UK soon departed from unilateral free trade with the Cobden-Chevalier treaty of 1860 which Cobden himself supported and negotiated. It is less known however that this treaty was primarily a way to avoid conflict. After Orsini’s attempt to murder Napoléon III in 1858, the emperor was convinced, by this same Orsini, to support the cause of Italian independence. This Italian question brought England to the edge of war with France. Being strongly anti-militarists, both Cobden and Chevalier looked at a trade treaty not primarily as a way to adopt free trade, but as a way to establish friendship between France and England. Gladstone, himself an ardent unilateralist, in retrospect held that “there were only two alternatives, one of them the French treaty & the other war with France.” And Cobden felt that the treaty was “God’s own method to produce an entente cordiale.” 
Commercially, the treaty was an incredible success mainly because it was not supervised by bureaucrats — as is the case today with trade treaties — but by two prominent free traders. As Cobden was aware of all the dangers for real free trade contained in the negotiations of trade treaties, he proceeded very carefully. Cobden wrote in a letter to the great British free trader John Bright, “I will undertake that there is not a syllable on our side of the Treaty that is inconsistent with the soundest principles of Free Trade.” Nonetheless, Bright remained a skeptic and remarked: 
Governments seem as a rule to be standing conspiracies to rob and bamboozle people, and why should that of Louis Napoleon be an exception? The more I see of the rulers of the world, the less of wisdom or greatness do I find necessary for the government of mankind. To convince Cobden of the benefits brought about by a treaty, Michel Chevalier showed that the unilateral reductions of tariffs that Bright asked for could constitute the British side of the bargain and could be extended to all other nations, thus avoiding a clear violation of British unilateralism. 
Free Trade With or Without You 
The unilateral free trade program is very simple: the British Parliament declares the abolition of all tariffs. To avoid a race in non-tariff barriers, the Parliament can pass a law declaring that every product which conforms to the EU norms and regulations can be sold freely in the UK. This should not be a problem since the UK still is a member of the EU. By Parliament’s act, most of the “non-tariff barrier” problem withers away without any need for regulatory harmonization. If the EU legislator considers it necessary to regulate the curvature of vegetables, so be it! But, although EU producers will be free to sell their product in the UK, the British legislator may deem it unnecessary to regulate its producers in the same absurd way. 
The advantages of this approach are many. First, the UK can have free trade now instead of waiting through years of negotiations. No need to wait for bureaucrats to agree on which laws we burden consumers and producers with. 
The Comprehensive Economic and Trade Agreement (CETA), for example, between the EU and Canada contrasts the expediency of unilateralism with endless negotiations. Negotiations about CETA were started in October 2008 and finished in August 2014. But for the treaty to be effective, each EU member State still has to ratify it. Worse, in some European federal member States, the treaty must be agreed upon by the local federated States. This is why Wallonia recently vetoed CETA, thus threatening the work of a six-year-long negotiation. In the case of the UK — and whether or not trade treaties are actually advancing free trade — the British economy cannot afford to wait that long for free trade. 
The second major advantage of unilateralism is the message you send to Brussels. You are signifying to the EU apparatus that “with or without you, we will have free trade!” At this point, the EU will have no leverage left with the UK. The negotiation of a trade treaty, on the other hand is a hopelessly utopian solution, not only because of the obvious coordination problem between the 28 EU member States, but also because the EU has a vested interest in making sure Brexit fails. Eurocrats, starting from the contestable assumption that the UK has much more to lose than the EU, will try to concoct a deal as bad as possible for their fellow Anglo-Saxon neighbors. 
Free Trade First, Negotiations Later 
Still, it is possible that after having declared free trade unilaterally, the EU will decide to restrict the access of British corporations to the single market. This is a particularly valid concern in the financial sector were banks and other financial institutions need licenses to operate in the EU member States. The concern with unilateral free trade is that by respecting it, it will remove any leverage the British government has to negotiate a favorable access to other actual and potential commercial partners. Without a treaty, commercial partners, it is thought, will soon erect protectionist barriers. 
Unilateral free trade, however, does not mean the UK producers will be bullied without their government being able to respond. First, by declaring unilateral free trade, the maintained strength of commercial links made will make it much easier to negotiate with the EU. To antagonize a good client would be foolish. Let’s not forget that this past decade, British exports to the EU grew much slower than exports to the rest of the world. At the same time, the UK is a major consumer of EU products and its balance of commerce with the EU was negative by about £62 billion in 2014. 
But how can a country committed to unilateralism make sure other countries will not close their markets? Let us first remark that maintaining trade barriers to negotiate later with other nations is a self-defeating strategy. Sir Robert Peel, whom we mentioned earlier, said in 1842 that in the case of wine and brandy he did not reduce the duty, because he hoped that they might employ these duties “as instruments of negotiation, with a view of effecting a reduction in the duties imposed by other countries on the produce of our own country.” Such a strategy was self-defeating. Tariffs in view of a negotiation, by reducing the capacity of foreigners to produce for the British market, were destroying the very interests that wanted free trade. Peel finally admitted, in 1843, during a debate in the House of Commons, “I am bound to say that it is our interest to buy cheap, whether other countries will buy cheap or no.” 
There certainly is a more efficient policy than maintaining trade barriers or threatening to raise some in order to force trade “partners” to keep their markets open. Indeed, the British government can make it clear that if the EU unfairly penalizes British interests in some sectors, e.g., finance, then the British government will work to maintain the competitiveness of the industry in question by aggressively lowering their taxes. Imagine that the EU wants to damage Britain’s car manufacturers. Then the British government should not be afraid to create a loophole and to lower manufacturers’ corporate taxes — even to zero. In an economy which was never as globalized and competitive as today, the UK would have good chances of prevailing over the EU interests. 
Perhaps the EU will consider making trading conditions with the UK harder, but they would have way too much to lose if doing so means creating a fiscally ultra-attractive market just next door. In the short run, unilateralism in trade can achieve what multilateralism cannot, a quick and radical liberalization of exchanges. In the long run, unilateralism can achieve what multilateralism cannot, genuine free trade.  ",0
3748,"Huma Abedin Sent Top Secret Docs To Yahoo Acct, Possible ‘Life Insurance’","Huma Abedin Sent Top Secret Docs To Yahoo Acct, Possible ‘Life Insurance’ Posted on October 31, 2016 by Rebecca Diserio in Politics Share This 
A laptop, allegedly belonging to Huma Abedin’s estranged husband Anthony Weiner, reportedly had thousands of emails from Hillary Clinton’s private server as possible “life insurance” against the corrupt Democrat. We’ve uncovered shocking details behind what Huma did and why she did it as well as explosive information about FBI Director James Comey’s secret war that the liberal media is keeping from you. Huma Abedin (left), Hillary Clinton (middle), Anthony Weiner (right) 
After the New York Police Department was notified about Anthony Weiner sexting an underage girl, they had to investigate, and it was then that they discovered a laptop with over 650,000 “metadata points” and about 10,000 emails overall, which were from the State Department and coming from Hillary Clinton’s home based server. Huma Abedin most probably kept those emails hidden on that laptop for life insurance against evil Hillary: 
[W]as the laptop in question one of the missing laptops from the Clinton email investigation? One can easily imagine a scenario where this could be the case … One can also easily imagine a scenario where the content therein would be kept by Abedin for a reason; especially by a person who knows EVERYTHING about the extent the severe black hat Clinton’s are willing to go to retain their power. [via The Conservative Treehouse ] 
The leaks in this new investigation involving Huma Abedin are coming from the New York police, probably a few detectives who were shocked when they found top secret documents on the laptop when investigating Anthony Weiner, and they are driving the FBI to move forward because, if the bureau doesn’t, they will come out and tell all Americans what they know. Also, there is clear evidence that FBI agents were in revolt after Hillary was let off scot-free, and they were going to leak this information too, if Comey did not re-open the investigation. 
What is it they know? They know Huma Abedin was probably keeping insurance in case Hillary ever turned on her, and Huma was thinking the FBI investigation was over and no one would ever find that laptop with her “life insurance.” Then in late September, Weiner did his illegal sexting thing, and before Huma could collect the laptop with the secret documents, the New York police had seized it. Huma Abedin’s testimony, subpoenaed by Judicial Watch. She admits to using her Yahoo email account for State Department business. 
Just 11 days before Comey rocked the world on October 28th, announcing he was re-opening the email investigation, he sent out a clue that this is what he was going to do, but we all missed it . Check out this shocking FBI report that Comey released just 11 days ago about Hillary Clinton, which he called the final report on the email scandal: Page(s) 43, 44, 45 – Show aspects of the perspective of Secretary Clinton as she rebukes her security apparatus and puts her diplomatic team at risk. Also the alarming influence of Huma Abedin into security and protocol changes. Page 49 – Discusses the people within the highly secretive “7th Floor Group,” and how they handle security information Page 54 – Discusses the missing boxes of printed Clinton Emails. Page 56 – Discusses how the Secretary of State’s Office runs a secondary U.S. government , separate and apart from the traditional political structure, actually called “the shadow government.” FBI Director James Comey finds himself all alone, fighting against Hillary and her cabal. 
“A shadow government ,” what the hell is going on? This sounds like some nutjob conspiracy theory, yet this is exactly what Comey released to the American people on October 17th. He was letting us know that Hillary and her cabal are evil and they need to go. 
I think James Comey is the hero in all of this. At first, we hated him because it seemed he had given into the Obama administration’s evil ways, but all along, he kept fighting, and when Anthony Weiner dropped that laptop at Comey’s feet, it was like a gift from God himself. 
The fight isn’t over. We are seeing Hillary and her minions fight back against this new investigation, and I think Comey still has his hands tied, but he is doing what he can. Hopefully, those FBI agents and New York cops who are privy to what it is in Huma’s Yahoo email “life insurance” file will leak the information before the election. 
We can see, without any doubt, from Comey’s “final report” that Hillary is a tyrant and she must never be in power again. Let’s spread all this information because the strongest defense against Hillary’s evil is the truth, and as more Americans learn this truth, there is no way she will win.",0
3749,Anti-Travel Ban Lawyer Leans on Argument that Honor Killings Are Islamic,"The lawyer representing the State of Hawaii in the U. S. Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit today has stated the collection of data with regards honor killings should be removed from President Trump’s Executive Order in order to “pass constitutional muster”. [In his arguments, Neal Katyal stated today that the collection of such data as outlined by the Executive Order 13780 contravenes the Establishment Clause, in the First Amendment of the Constitution of the United States: “Congress shall make no law respecting an establishment of religion  …    ”.  In doing so, Katyal appears to be making the case that honor killings  —   murder committed in the name of restoring a family’s dignity following discouraged behaviour within fundamentalist homes  —   is in itself Islamic. It is an argument often made by   campaigners, but to hear such arguments made by the political left might surprise some, especially when honor killings are also found  —   though to a lesser extent  —   in other religious groups like the Sikh community. “What does [the President] have to do to issue an executive order that, in your view, might pass constitutional muster?” asked Judge Paez of the United States Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit, this afternoon. Katyal responded at length, stating: “I think there’s two paths that the President could take in order to pass constitutional muster. “One is the way that our founders thought, Article 1 Section 8 which, as Congress in the driver’s seat with respect to immigration, passes a statute. as Justice Alito said, when Congress passes a statute it’s much less likely to discriminate. It is 535 people versus one, which is why his Mandel point is so problematic. That’s number one.  “Second thing the president could do, or the kinds of things or some of the kinds, removing some of things that the district court found led an objective observer to say that this this discriminates.  “One example would be, what Judge Hawkins said, disavowing formally all the stuff said before. But that’s not it. He could do a lot of things. For example, I’m going to throw out some examples. I‘m not trying to micro manage the President. He could say, like President Bush did, right after September 11th, the face of terror is not the true faith of Islam. that’s not what Islam is about. Islam is peace. Instead, we get, quote, Islam hates us. I think Islam hates us.  “I think he could point to changed circumstances from December 2015, when Congress debated the exact same evidence that the President relies on in his executive order and say, you know, we actually need more than just denying people entry without a visa, which is what Congress required. You need to do more than that.  “It could eliminate the text, which refers to honor killings. There’s a bunch of different things that could be done. And our fundamental point to you is that presidents don’t run into Establishment Clause problems and the reason for that is this is a very limited, you know, in a really unusual case in which you have these public statements by the President. if you affirm the district court there’s not a thing that any president has done in our lifetime that would be unconstitutional”. For Katyal to advance such an argument may also be detrimental to the public understanding of honor killings in the United States. Executive Order 13780 mentions honor killings only once, in the section (11) entitled “Transparency and Data Collection” where it states: To be more transparent with the American people and to implement more effectively policies and practices that serve the national interest, the Secretary of Homeland Security, in consultation with the Attorney General, shall, consistent with applicable law and national security, collect and make publicly available the following information  …       …    (iii) information regarding the number and types of acts of   violence against women, including   ‘‘honor killings,’’ in the United States by foreign nationals  …     Katyal’s other argument  —   that President Trump should go to great lengths to fawn over Islam as one of his predecessors, President George W. Bush did  —   could even be said, under Hawaii’s apparent broad interpretation of the Establishment Clause, to be a violation in and of itself. Raheem Kassam is the Editor in Chief of Breitbart London and tweets at @RaheemKassam",0
3750,Obama DOJ Makes Their Move to Jail Sheriff Joe,"Obama Goes Off on Reporter Who Dares Ask Question That Didn’t Get Pre-Approval 
That case had accused him of using unconstitutional methods to crack down on illegal immigrants in and around the Phoenix area, and he had been ordered to cease and desist from those activities by a federal judge. 
If convicted, Arpaio could serve up to six months in jail, though the conviction would not necessarily bar him from continuing to hold a political office. A trial date for the contempt charge has been scheduled for Dec. 6. 
Arpaio’s lawyer, Mel McDonald, stated that the charge would be contested, saying, “We believe that when the final chapter is written, he will be vindicated.” Advertisement - story continues below 
McDonald added that it was unlikely that Arpaio would actually be arrested and compelled to have mugshots taken, and said the sheriff intended to plead not guilty. 
This is not the first time that Arpaio has run afoul of the Obama administration, and should Democrat presidential nominee Hillary Clinton be elected, it is a near certainty that her administration would place the sheriff near the top of their target list to be taken out one way or another as well. 
Arpaio’s campaign released a statement on the matter, specifically noting the timing and political nature of the charge coming so close to the election. 
“The Obama Justice Department continues its efforts to influence the election for sheriff of Maricopa County. The department’s actions in the last 30 days before the election are further attempts to sabotage Sheriff Arpaio in his bid for a seventh unprecedented term as Maricopa County Sheriff,” read the campaign’s statement. Advertisement - story continues below",0
3751,Oroville Dam: Jerry Brown Asks Donald Trump for Aid - Breitbart,"California Governor Jerry Brown has formally requested federal assistance from President Donald Trump to deal with the evacuation of nearly 200, 000 people from the area below the Oroville Dam, where a spillway is near structural failure. [The Associated Press, via Bay Area news station KRON 4, reports:  OROVILLE, Calif. (AP)  —   Gov. Jerry Brown is asking the Trump administration for federal assistance in responding to a potential failure of a spillway at the Oroville Dam in Northern California. In a letter to President Donald Trump released Monday, Brown asks for help for the three Northern California counties affected. Brown says aid is needed to assist the 188, 000 residents of Butte, Sutter and Yuba counties who were ordered to evacuate Sunday after concerns an emergency spillway could give way, unleashing a gush of water to downstream towns. Though vowing to fight the Trump administration on a variety of issues  —   Obamacare, immigration, climate change  —   Brown has been less hostile than the members of the California state legislature and has openly welcomed President Trump’s plans to spend on infrastructure. Brown’s letter reportedly stated: “I have determined this incident is of such severity and magnitude . . . that federal assistance is necessary to save lives and to protect property, public health and safety” According to the East Bay Times, Brown told a press conference on Monday that he had not been aware until news reports emerged earlier this week that the state and federal government had resisted calls to improve the dam spillway in 2005. Critics charge that Brown has not shown sufficient interest in upgrading the state’s dams or expanding water storage. Officials are racing to lower the level of the lake behind the dam by 50 feet before a week of wet weather arrives Wednesday and Thursday.",0
3752,"Страны БРИКС дают отпор Соединенным Штатам в финансовой войне, Ариэль Нойола Родригес","Страны БРИКС дают отпор Соединенным Штатам в финансовой войне Ариэль Нойола Родригес Чтобы дать бой в финансовой войне с Соединенными Штатами странам БРИКС необходимо срочно укрепить свои партнерские отношения в сфере экономики и финансов. Новый банк развития БРИКС должен увеличить объем кредитов, то же касается и Соглашения о создании пула условных валютных резервов. Кроме того, странам-членам БРИКС необходимо как можно скорее создать свое собственное рейтинговое агентство. В целях усиления экономической сплоченности создание зоны свободной торговли разрушит тарифные барьеры и, вместе с тем, существенно расширит внешнеторговые операции между членами группы. В конечном счете, если надлежащие меры не будут приняты как можно раньше, страны БРИКС рискуют потерпеть крушение при первом же финансовом урагане.
Сеть Вольтер | Мехико (Мексика) | 27 октября 2016 français italiano Español 15-16 октября в штате Гоа (Индия) прошел восьмой саммит стран-членов БРИКС (акроним Бразилии, России, Индии, Китая и Южно-Африканской Республики). Следует отметить, что встреча состоялась в разгар глубокого кризиса мировой экономики. Тем не менее, БРИКС в очередной раз продемонстрировали свою поразительную способность превратить сложный период в удобный (с точки зрения стратегических перспектив) момент для укрепления связей между странами-членами группы.
После того, как государства БРИКС пережили свою «золотую эпоху», в последние годы темпы роста их экономики претерпевали ярко выраженное замедление. Оказавшись в такой сложной ситуации странам-членам БРИКС сейчас больше, чем когда-либо необходимо прибегнуть к помощи финансовых учреждений, которые они представили миру пару лет назад во время шестого саммита в Форталезе (Бразилия) [ 1 ].
В апреле текущего года новый банк развития выдал первые кредиты [ 2 ] на сумму более 800 миллионов долларов, а в 2017 году рассчитывает, что объем предоставленных кредитов достигнет 2,5 миллиардов долларов [ 3 ]. Также в июле текущего года эта финансовая организация осуществила знаменательный выпуск «зеленых» облигаций (англ. ’green bonds’) в юанях на сумму, эквивалентную 450 миллионам долларов [ 4 ]. Эти финансовые инструменты, увеличивая влияние китайской валюты в мировом масштабе, в то же время служат для финансирования крупных инвестиционных проектов.
Тем временем, как заявил министр финансов Индии Арун Джейтли [ 5 ], Соглашение о создании пула условных валютных резервов (англ.сокр.CRA) объемом 100 миллиардов долларов, уже готово для предоставления первых кредитных линий в целях стабилизации платежных балансов БРИКС. Поскольку Федеральная резервная система (англ.сокр. FED) Соединенных Штатов постоянно пытается повысить процентную ставку по федеральным фондам (англ. ’federal funds rate’) и, вместе с тем, взорвать новую мировую финансовую турбулентность, странам-членам БРИКС необходимо как можно быстрее увеличить объем денежных средств своего стабилизационного фонда, ведь иначе они рискуют понести серьезный ущерб из-за спекулятивных ставок крупных инвестиционных банков.
В то же время странам БРИКС необходимо открыть новый фронт борьбы, который бросит открытый вызов гегемонии Соединенных Штатов и доллара в мировой финансовой системе [ 6 ], не только через внешнеторговые операции в местной валюте, но и, например, за счет накопления резервов в юанях в центральных банках, тем более после того, как «народная валюта» (по-китайски «жэньминьби») была официально включена 1 октября текущего года в корзину специальных прав заимствования (англ. ’Special Drawing Rights’) – элитную валютную корзину, созданную Международным валютным фондом (МВФ) в конце 60-х годов [ 7 ].
В дополнение ко всему, страны-члены БРИКС способны объединиться в большой финансовый союз с мощными геополитическими звеньями, связывающими Латинскую Америку, Азию, Африку и Ближний Восток. Региональные банки развития, которые, в массе своей, сформированы периферийными странами, вполне могут послужить этой цели: Азиатский банк инфраструктурных инвестиций (англ.сокр. AIIB), банк АЛБА (Боливарианский альянс для народов нашей Америки), включая также Южный банк, который наконец-то будет запущен до конца текущего года.
Также у стран-членов БРИКС возникла насущная потребность создать собственное рейтинговой агентство, чтобы покончить с губительным господством, которое Соединенные Штаты удерживают за счет своих агентств Fitch, Moody’s и Standard & Poor’s [ 8 ]. Эти три рейтинговых агентства, хотя и проводят оценку, руководствуясь при этом критериями формального рода, действуют, в сущности, под влиянием движущей силы политического характера, то есть, как настоящие военные машины: они снижают оценку облигаций суверенного долга и, вместе с тем, резко повышают издержки на финансирование таких стран, как Греция, Россия или Венесуэла.
В экономической спаянности кроется ещё одна большая угроза, хотя бесспорно и то, что она существенно укрепилась за последние годы: с 2001 по 2005 год объем торговли между странами-членами БРИКС, взятый в соотношении с общими масштабами их внешнеторговых операций, увеличился с 6 до 12% [ 9 ]. Китай, как бы то ни было, является страной, в наибольшей степени сплочённой с остальными странами-членами БРИКС. Взаимосвязи между такими странами, как Индия и ЮАР, является, напротив, второстепенными. Та же ситуация складывается между Бразилией и Россией. В связи с этим очень своевременным является создание в ближайшем будущем зон свободной торговли между странами-членами БРИКС [ 10 ]. Тем не менее, помимо свержения тарифных барьеров между странами-участниками, группе БРИКС необходимо способствовать построению значимой объединяющей цепочки; то есть интегрировать свой производственный аппарат для стимулирования индустриализации стран с более низким уровнем развития экономики.
Подводя итог следует сказать, что на горизонте виднеется еще много трудностей, с которыми столкнутся эти пять восходящих держав. Я убежден, что в дальнейшем успех группы БРИКС будет зависеть от их способности переосмысливать и найти нестандартный подход к объединению новых измерений сотрудничества для достижения самых долгосрочных целей. В условиях новой финансовой войны, которую готовят Соединенные Штаты, группе БРИКС пришла пора снова вернуться на сцену…
Ариэль Нойола Родригес Перевод
Ольга Депутатова
Переводчик французского, испанского, английского языков с 2000 года.
Источник
Russia Today (Россия)",0
3753,Bill Maher and Milo Yiannopoulos Find Common Ground - The New York Times,"Despite a brief   of controversy that preceded it, a conversation between Milo Yiannopoulos, the incendiary   author and lecturer, and Bill Maher, the comedian and host of HBO’s “Real Time,” on that program Friday night was a largely docile, chummy affair. There was little conflict or   as both men chided the political left for avoiding or drowning out Mr. Yiannopoulos’s views rather than engaging with them. Introducing Mr. Yiannopoulos, 32, an openly gay editor at Breitbart News, Mr. Maher said: “I think you’re colossally wrong on a number of things. But if I banned everyone from my show who I thought was colossally wrong, I would be talking to myself. ” Mr. Yiannopoulos began the interview by cracking jokes about gay people (whom he said he did not hire because they did not show up to work on time) and women, and telling Mr. Maher’s audience that they were “very easily triggered. ” “All I care about is free speech and free expression,” Mr. Yiannopoulos explained. “I want people to be able to be, do and say anything. These days, you’re right, that’s a conservative issue. ” Mr. Yiannopoulos had been scheduled to speak at the University of California, Berkeley, earlier this month, on an invitation from the school’s College Republicans group. But his talk was canceled when protests against the speech turned violent and led to rioting that caused about $100, 000 in damages. In January, when Mr. Yiannopoulos gave a lecture in Seattle at the University of Washington, a man was shot during protests outside the site of the speech. He spoke in December at the University of   where he mocked a transgender student while displaying her photograph during his talk. Other schools have withdrawn invitations to him in recent weeks. When it was announced on Wednesday that Mr. Yiannopoulos would be interviewed on “Real Time,” another scheduled guest, Jeremy Scahill, a journalist for The Intercept, said in a statement on his Twitter account that he was withdrawing from the show. “He has ample venues to spew his hateful diatribes,” Mr. Scahill said. “There is no value in ‘debating’ him. ” Mr. Maher followed with his own statement that said, “If Mr. Yiannopoulos is indeed the monster Scahill claims  —   and he might be  —   nothing could serve the liberal cause better than having him exposed on Friday night. ” In the interview on Friday night, Mr. Yiannopolous criticized female comedians like Amy Schumer and Sarah Silverman, and he described the Democrats as “the party of Lena Dunham,” the creator and star of “Girls. ” (Mr. Maher replied: “Let’s not pick on fellow HBO stars. There are so many other people. ”) Describing himself as “a virtuous troll,” Mr. Yiannopolous said, “I hurt people for a reason. ” He said people “want to police humor” because “they can’t control it. ” “Because the one thing that authoritarians hate is the sound of laughter,” Mr. Yiannopolous said. Mr. Maher added, “And also, because when people laugh, they know it’s true. ” Mr. Yiannopolous replied, “Nothing annoys people, or amuses people, like the truth. ” They then discussed an incident from last summer, when Mr. Yiannopoulos was banned from Twitter after helping rally other users to direct racist and sexist remarks at Leslie Jones, a star of “Ghostbusters” and “Saturday Night Live. ” “I didn’t understand, like, the ‘Ghostbusters’ thing,” Mr. Maher said. Mr. Yiannopoulos answered: “I wrote a bad review of a movie. Am I not entitled to do that?” After repeating some of the insults he had leveled at Ms. Jones, he said, “I simply don’t accept  —   I do not accept  —   that the star of a Hollywood blockbuster, that an     is crying over mean words on the internet. Get over it. ” “What actually hurts people is, like, murder, violence,” Mr. Yiannopoulos added. “That kind of stuff. ” He added that “mean words” don’t “hurt people. ” Mr. Maher said, “Which some people would say you have incited. ” Mr. Yiannopoulos reacted with surprise. “What? How?” he asked. “I’m just saying, some people would say,” Mr. Maher answered. Mr. Yiannopoulos replied, “Well, they would be idiots. ” Speaking to his audience, Mr. Maher said, “Stop taking the bait, liberals,” and asked how they could be afraid of someone he described as “little, British, impish” and a slur for gay people. The two men shook hands, and Mr. Maher moved on to his panel discussion. But in an   segment that ran after the HBO broadcast, Mr. Yiannopoulos said that transgender people were “vastly disproportionately involved in sex crime,” drawing jeers, boos and a shout of “liar” from Mr. Maher’s audience. Mr. Yiannopoulos also clashed with the comedian Larry Wilmore, another guest on the show. In remarks to Mr. Yiannopoulos that were bookended by an obscene phrase, Mr. Wilmore took offense at his Twitter trolling of Ms. Jones. “She’s a very thoughtful person and very funny,” he said. Trying to defuse the tension, Mr. Maher wryly suggested to Mr. Yiannopoulos that he shouldn’t be so quick to spar with his fellow panelists. “This is the beginning of your career,” Mr. Maher said. “People are only just starting to hate you. ”",0
3754,"Many in Florida Count on Obama’s Health Law, Even Amid Talk of Its Demise - The New York Times","MIAMI  —   Dalia Carmeli, who drives a trolley in downtown Miami, voted for Donald J. Trump on Election Day. A week later, she stopped in to see the enrollment counselor who will help her sign up for another year of health insurance under the Affordable Care Act. “I hope it still stays the same,” said Ms. Carmeli, 64, who has Crohn’s disease and relies on her insurance to cover frequent doctor’s appointments and an array of medications. Mr. Trump and Republicans in Congress are vowing to repeal much or all of the health law, a target of their party’s contempt since the day it passed with only Democratic votes in 2010. If they succeed, they will set in motion an extraordinary dismantling of a major social program in the United States. But for now, with open enrollment for 2017 underway, people are steadily signing up or renewing their coverage, and in conversations last week in South Florida, many refused to believe that a benefit they count on would actually be taken away. Florida helped hand Mr. Trump the presidency when he narrowly won the state, but it has also provided more customers for the federal health insurance marketplace than any other state. This makes Florida a window to the complex and delicate task Mr. Trump and congressional Republicans face in deciding whether to scrap the entire law, which has brought coverage to more than 20 million people, and what to replace it with. Even though Gov. Rick Scott fiercely opposes the law, more than 1. 5 million Floridians were enrolled in marketplace plans as of March, the last time the Obama administration released data. And some of the problems that have plagued the marketplaces in other states have been less of an issue here: The premium increases and overall prices have been lower than average, and at least in urban areas, a number of insurers are still participating. Jay Wolfson, a professor of public health and medicine at the University of South Florida, said that while many Floridians would be happy to see the law disappear, and the state’s Republican leaders have never shied away from attacking it, failing to come up with a substantive replacement could be politically risky. “The question I think we all have is, how do they transition out of it?” he said. “How do they do it without dumping millions of people off the edge of a cliff?” Despite the law’s problems, including sharp premium increases for next year, millions of people, including many in states that Mr. Trump won, have come to depend on it. Texas, North Carolina and Georgia, like Florida, have large numbers of people insured through HealthCare. gov. And 16 states that now have Republican governors or   expanded Medicaid under the law, including Indiana under Mike Pence, now the vice  . The Obama administration said last week that over the first 12 days of open enrollment, plan selections in the states that use the federal marketplace were up by about 5 percent compared with the same period last year. Some of the states that run their own marketplaces have reported brisker business: In Colorado,   are running 30 percent higher than they were at this point in the last open enrollment period, according to Kevin Patterson, the chief executive of the state’s marketplace. If the pace continues, hundreds of thousands more people could be added to the insurance rolls, even as Republicans discuss alternative legislation that could drop millions. “Even with the whole situation, it’s been a great start,” said Odalys Arevalo, an owner of Sunshine Life and Health Advisors, an insurance agency that she said has enrolled tens of thousands of Floridians, mostly   Hispanics, in health law plans over the past three years. She added, however, that people were confused and were asking many questions about the future of the law. Nonprofit groups with federal grants to enroll the uninsured are conducting an ever more strategic search for them  —   working, for example, with the consulates of Mexico, Colombia, Brazil and Uruguay in Miami to identify “lawfully present” immigrants who might want coverage (they qualify for subsidies under the law, even without citizenship) and with a small American Indian tribe in the Panhandle. “We’re in the here and now, and nothing has changed at the moment,” said Karen Egozi, the chief executive of the Epilepsy Foundation of Florida, repeating a new mantra among the group’s 90 enrollment counselors. As of Tuesday, they had signed up 277 people for insurance since Nov. 1, when enrollment began, she said, compared with 193 over the same period last year. In South Florida, a teeming mix of retirees who may not have reached Medicare age, hotel and restaurant workers and recently arrived immigrants working for small, homegrown businesses has helped ensure robust enrollment in the subsidized plans offered through the marketplace. While the Republican leaders of the state have refused to expand Medicaid, individuals with annual incomes of about $12, 000 to $47, 500 qualify for subsidies that pay some or most of the cost.   percent of plan holders in Florida this year receive premium subsidies  —   a higher percentage than in any other state  —   and 71 percent also have reduced deductibles, a benefit available to people at or below 250 percent of the poverty level. Some of them, like Ms. Carmeli, voted for Mr. Trump. She pays $45 toward her monthly premium, with a subsidy of about $600 covering the rest. She is looking at a new premium of $171 if she keeps her current plan, but she believes that she will find a more affordable option. “Trump is going to keep it for a while, at least the part where if you have a disease you can still get coverage,” she said, adding that she would turn 65 next summer and get Medicare, so she would stay covered regardless. More vulnerable are people like Gerardo Murillo Lovo, 44, a construction worker who never had health insurance before signing up for a marketplace plan in 2014. He pays $15 a month and gets a subsidy of $590 for a plan that covers his wife, as well. When he renewed his coverage last week at the Epilepsy Foundation, he learned that the price would not increase next year. “I’ve heard that what he wanted to do first is get rid of Obamacare,” Mr. Murillo, a Nicaraguan immigrant who is a citizen but did not vote, said of Mr. Trump. “But my personal opinion is that he will discuss it with other people who will convince him that we can’t get rid of this. I think it’s going to be maintained one way or another, and I’m going to keep it as long as I can. ” Mr. Trump has suggested he would like to keep popular parts of the law that guarantee access to insurance for people with   conditions and that allow children to stay on their parents’ policies until they turn 26. Congressional Republicans have floated other ideas, like providing tax credits to people who buy their own health insurance, but have not yet unified around a replacement plan. The challenge they face, health care economists say, is keeping prices down without requiring everyone to have coverage, the way the Affordable Care Act does. Even the possibility of repeal is causing extreme anxiety among some people with health problems. Mary Benner, 57, who lives near Tampa and voted for Hillary Clinton, will undergo a test next week to determine whether a spot on her lung, discovered on a routine   is cancer. “This has been a nightmare for me,” she said of having a health scare just as Mr. Trump won the presidency and renewed his promise to repeal the law. “What I’m really hoping is that they won’t be able to come to an agreement and can’t get anything passed, so everything just stays the same. ” Others, particularly those with higher incomes, are   grudgingly, soured by the increasingly expensive cost of marketplace plans. Bob Verrastro, a corporate tax consultant who voted for Mr. Trump, said that while he and his wife get a subsidy that reduces their monthly premium to $274, their deductible and other    costs are unaffordable, and he is eager to see the law repealed. “I think it was rammed down our throats,” Mr. Verrastro, 64, of Boynton Beach, said of the law. “I’m taking advantage of it because I’d be silly not to. But it needs to be changed. ” Luis Perez Cuevas last week visited a kiosk run by Sunshine Life and Health Advisors in the Mall of the Americas in Miami, ready to renew his marketplace plan. First, though, he asked his agent, Dennis Garcia, whether it would be foolish to do so. “I actually believe Trump’s rhetoric,” said Mr. Perez, 55, an Uber driver and maintenance worker at the Miami Beach Convention Center. Mr. Perez is paying $107 a month for his plan this year, but next year the price will drop to $49 a month, with a $484 subsidy, in part because his daughter came from Cuba and joined his household as a dependent. Because his income is low, the government also covers his deductible. After Mr. Perez left, Mr. Garcia, the insurance agent, allowed that he hoped Mr. Trump would, in fact, change the law. It is not fair that   people get help with their deductibles, he said, while marketplace customers with slightly higher incomes, like himself, do not. “Maybe Mr. Trump can make it better by making it more equal,” he said.",0
3755,"Critical Developments-Wikileaks, Huma’s Computer, Confirming Hillary Was Behind the Murder of Ambassador Stevens","Comments Wikileaks is about to confirm the story that The Common Sense Show told four years ago in that Ambassador Stevens was set up to die because his stories of gun-running, child trafficking and drug-running on behalf of the Central Intelligence Agency in order to promote regime change in Libya using terrorists funded by these illegal activities, were leaking out and it was only a couple of months until the election. Ambassador Stevens had to be silenced. And Petraeus had to be put in a place where he was not forced to testify before Congress because he could not take the fifth before Congress. From Beforeitsnews: At the same time, Clinton was broadcasting Stevens whereabouts and she refused to provide the extra protection Stevens was so desperately requesting. Being that Stevens was working for the CIA, then head of the CIA, David Petraeus, would have known about Chris Stevens activities. To protect Obama’s 2012 election, both Stevens and Petraeus had to be gone. People are asking me how I knew all of this four years ago and I say, “I had a deep cover source from inside one of the military/intelligence services who wanted the real truth to be told. Somebody who knew this nation could not afford to let Clinton ever become President”. Now, I am getting confirmation from Wikileaks and others who have reached the same conclusion I did four years ago. Dear Mr. Hodges, This is to inform you that Wikileaks will soon, or has released Clinton emails which will demonstrate the following: The above is already appearing on the Internet in several places. It is clear that Putin would be a fool to allow Clinton and her gang of thugs to continue with their plan. Every time Clinton sags in the polls, she starts talking about 9/11. The evidence is beginning to line up that Clinton interests had motive to commit 9/11. No wonder Clinton tries to blame the Russians for everything, she is the main culprit on the world being brought to the precipice of World War III. It is a gratifying feeling when the dots start to connect. The Aaron Klein Revelations: Aaron Klein, the Breitbart Bureau Chief for Jerusalem revealed, in a Breitbart publication dated March 1, 2016, revealed that “the email from April 10th, 2011, the State Department employee, Timmy Davis, forwarded an email to the server by Clinton’s aide, Huma Abedin.” Please note that the time of this revelation, Huma Abedin, was not yet a household name. The series of emails will eventually have catastrophic consequences for Ambassador Stevens. “An email containing the whereabouts and plans of murdered U.S. Ambassador Chris Stevens passed through Hillary Clinton’s private server, dispatches released Monday in the final group of messages from Clinton’s emails reveal.” 
Below are some examples of the allegations posed by Klein and these are not empty charges as Klein offered as proof, the following emails. 
“A March 27, 2011 email released last year was titled, “Chris Stevens mission.” It divulged: “The current game plan is for Mr. Stevens to move no later than Wednesday from Malta to Benghazi. He will stage offshore initially for a one day visit during which he will have meetings with TNC interlocutors and get a sense of the situation on the ground. The goal of this one day trip is for him to lay the groundwork for a stay of up to 30 days. 
An April 8, 2011 email was forwarded to Clinton revealing the “security situation in Benghazi remains quiet. Chris Stevens & team are in the hotel, moving only for meetings as required.” 
An April 22, 2011 email revealed Stevens was on the road: “I want to let you know about a temporary rotation in Benghazi. TNC Envoy Chris Stevens has been on the road since March 13, when he began his outreach mission, and has been in Benghazi since April 5.” 
An April 24, 2011 email has the exact time of a Stevens meeting: “”Stevens will be meeting with MFA in one hour and will make a written request for better security at the hotel and for better security-related coordination. He still feels comfortable in the hotel. They are looking into the idea of moving into a villa, but that is some way off.” 
If later emails are released, I have no doubt, that we will see that Clinton was transmitting Stevens location up until the time of the attack upon the Benghazi compound and this explains why some of these emails are not being released. However, at some point, they will see the light of day. 
The release of travel information, in any form, is a felony! Remember, the Stevens travel plans are classified and they came from Clinton’s private server. A casual Law and Order fan could make the causal connections between the release of these emails and Stevens death. This is absolute evidence that Clinton not only is guilty of multiple felonies, she is an accomplice to murder! ",0
3756,DPR special services arrest members of group which claimed Motorola’s murder - Russia News Now,"This post was originally published on this site DPR special services detained members of the Misanthropic Division group that had claimed responsibility for the murder of the Republic’s Hero Arsen Pavlov, DPR Ministry of State Security (MGB) announced. “On November 11th six active members of Misanthropic Division (MD) were detained in Donetsk in MGB investigative operation. The leaders of MD had claimed responsibility for the murder of legendary Sparta unit commander Arsen Pavlov best known under his nom de guerre Motorola,” MGB press service said. According to the ministry, Misanthropic Division activists maintained contacts with Security Service of Ukraine (SBU) staff members and carried out tasks in the territory of the Donetsk People’s Republic. The detainees are being interrogated and provide confession evidence on circumstances of terror and extremist crimes. MGB is now establishing the roles of each participant in the activity aimed at destabilizing of DPR and LPR, guided by first deputy chair of SBU, counter-terrorist center head Colonel General Vitaly Malikov and SBU directorate in Donetsk region head Alexander Kuts. Arsen Pavlov was killed on October, 16th in the blast of an explosive device planted in the hallway of the block of flats in central Donetsk where he lived. Investigation is led by the DPR Ministry of Internal Affairs and the Ministry of State Security. DPR authorities called the blast a terrorist attack. DONi News Agency ",0
3757,Miss Russia | Russia & India Report,"Miss Russia AFP/East News 
Miss Russia Alisa Manenok shows off her souvenir of a stuffed cat while boarding a boat at the Lake Ashinoko in Hakone town, Kanagawa prefecture. Seventy women will compete for the 2016 Miss International crown in Tokyo on October 27. Facebook ",0
3758,Media Claim Trump Transition Chaos. Trump's Way Ahead of Schedule. | Daily Wire,"Media Claim Trump Transition Chaos. Trump's Way Ahead of Schedule. By: Ben Shapiro November 18, 2016 
The media, desperately in search of a narrative to cast the incoming Trump administration as dangerously incompetent, are once again overplaying their hands. Instead of focusing on the nepotistic fact that Trump relies heavily on his son-in-law, Jared Kushner, and his daughter, Ivanka – he invited them to a state meeting with Japan – they’re trying to claim that he just isn’t moving fast enough on appointments. 
That’s nuts. 
Barack Obama didn’t name his picks for Secretary of State, Defense, or Attorney General until December 1, nearly a month after the November 4, 2008 election. George W. Bush didn’t name his picks for State, Defense, or Attorney General until mid-December (December 16 for Colin Powell, December 28 for Donald Rumsfeld, December 22 for John Ashcroft). Bill Clinton didn’t name his picks for those positions until at least December 22. George H.W. Bush was the fastest off the mark – he named James Baker Secretary of State the day after the November 8 election. Ronald Reagan waited until December 11 to get started; Jimmy Carter waited until December 3. 
We’re still waiting on Trump’s State and Defense picks, but he’s already out of the gate with Senator Jeff Sessions for Attorney General. It’s November 17. 
The media are so eager to bury Trump’s administration that they are falling all over themselves to do so. Instead of soberly covering potential problems with top level picks – Steve Bannon, for example, is a rotten pick , but not because he’s a racist or anti-Semite – the media keep proclaiming THE END IS NEAR. This sort of alarmism doesn’t convince Americans, who don’t really see why there’s any giant rush to appoint people who aren’t going to be formally considered by the Senate until January 20 anyway. 
If this election was about repudiation of the media – and it was – the media aren’t doing themselves any favors when they promulgate fact-free narratives while simultaneously attempting to label conservative outlets “fake news.” For years, Americans have assumed that the leftist media are ladling them fake news each day. Each day, the media seem determined to prove them right. Tags ",0
3759,"Vintage 50s Era Masters Jacket Found in Thrift Store for $5 Sells for $139,000 at Auction - Breitbart","With the winner of the 2017 Masters golf tournament determined, pro golf is in the news, but the famed green jacket is also in the news for a different reason after an authentic trophy coat was discovered hanging in a thrift store in Canada. [As the   Sergio Garcia finally raced to the top to win his chance to don the green jacket, an authentic 1950s era Masters jacket turned up on an auction site after being bought for $5 at a thrift store. The final price for the sale brought the owner a hefty $139, 000.  This authentic Masters jacket from the 1950s was found in a Toronto thrift store in 1994. Bought for $5, it sold for $139, 349 this morning! pic. twitter.   —   Darren Rovell (@darrenrovell) April 9, 2017,  Calling it the Infamous “Thrift Store” Green Jacket, the auction site shows a starting bid of five grand but a final sale price of $139, 348. According to the auction site, the jacket was discovered in a Toronto thrift store in 1994, but the embroidered tag identifying which famed golfer won the piece was torn out. Tournament officials authenticated the piece as a real Master’s trophy jacket from the 1950s  —   one of the earliest in existence  —   but they refused to speculate as to which Masters champion may have originally won it. Authentic Masters Jacket found in Toronto thrift store  bought for $5 being auctioned off tonight by @BidGreenJacket, currently at $31K pic. twitter.   —   Darren Rovell (@darrenrovell) April 8, 2017,  Clearly, more detective work needs to be done to find that final piece of the puzzle, but other than missing the tag of its winner’s name it is said to be the finest original jacket of its age in existence. This isn’t the first authentic green jacket that turned up at auction. The Toronto “thrift store jacket” joins another such find from 2015. The earlier sale was of a 1960s era jacket and was sold privately for an undisclosed amount, the New York Daily News reported. Follow Warner Todd Huston on Twitter @warnerthuston or email the author at igcolonel@hotmail. com",0
3760,Charles Barkley on Dealing with Racist Fans: ’I Would Put an End to that’ - Breitbart,"TMZ Sports asked NBA legend Charles Barkley Wednesday to weigh in on Baltimore Orioles center fielder Adam Jones being the target of racism in Boston playing the Red Sox earlier this week.  “It should never happen,” Barkley said. “I’m disappointed in the fans who [were] around those people saying those things. ” “If I was in a crowd of people and they were mistreating anybody, I would stand up for the person who was being mistreated. I would never, let’s just say hypothetically if was with a group of black people, which I am black, if they were mistreating a white person, a Jewish person or a Hispanic person, I would put an end to that sh*t,” he continued. Follow Trent Baker on Twitter @MagnifiTrent",0
3761,Notre Dame Students Walk Out of Mike Pence Commencement Address - Breitbart,"Over 100 students at the University of Notre Dame walked out of a commencement address given by Vice President Mike Pence, according to local reports. [“It’s deeply humbling for me to participate in the 172nd commencement in Notre Dame’s 175th year,” Pence said, as students booed, turned their backs, and walked out of the ceremony.   The walkout was organized by the   student group WeStaNDFor, who began planning the protest after Pence was announced as the speaker in March. In a statement, the group said they opposed Pence’s positions on gay rights, his opposition to the Syrian refugee program, and the administration’s crack down on sanctuary cities. One of the persons involved was Bryan Ricketts, the former president of Notre Dame’s student body. Talking to the Indy Star, Ricketts said he was “upset and hurt” by the school’s decision to invite Pence, who was formally the state’s governor, as the Trump administration’s “policies have impacted the humanity of certain graduates. ” During the speech at the Catholic university, Pence discussed the importance of religious freedom, lauding Donald Trump’s recent executive order protecting religious liberties and freedom of speech. The university’s administrator also praised Pence for his public service to Indiana and his new role as vice president. “As vice president, Mike Pence has been a voice of balance, reason, and continuity,” he said. “He has played a critical role in shaping the domestic agenda and traveled the globe to reassure allies and show to foes his steady resolve. Even those who disagree with Mike Pence recognize him as a man of principle. ” Earlier this month, Education Secretary Betsy DeVos was loudly booed as students turned their backs while she gave the commencement speech at   University. You can follow Ben Kew on Facebook, on Twitter at @ben_kew, or email him at bkew@breitbart. com.",0
3762,Pope Francis: Christianity Is ‘Not an Ideology’ but a ‘Journey of Faith’,"Pope Francis has refuted the idea of Christianity as a philosophy or political ideology, proposing rather that it is a journey of faith with its roots in the life, death and resurrection of Jesus. [In his weekly “General Audience” before thousands of pilgrims Wednesday, the Pope underscored the interpersonal aspect of Christianity as faith in the person of Jesus Christ as savior and revealer of the Father.  Reflecting on the witness of Saint Paul, Francis noted that Christian faith is not the outcome of a reflection of some wise person, but a simple fact that intervened in the lives of some people. Christianity, he said, “is not an ideology or a philosophical system, but it is a journey of faith which starts from an event, witnessed by the first disciples of Jesus. ” “Paul sums it up this way: Jesus died for our sins, was buried, and on the third day he rose again and appeared to Peter and to the Twelve,” the Pope said. “This is the fact: he died, was buried, is risen and has appeared. That is, Jesus is alive!” “This is the core of the Christian message,” Francis said. The Pope insisted that Christ’s resurrection was central to the preaching of the early Christian community, because it highlighted the sense that death did not have the final word. If everything were over with Christ’s death, Francis reasoned, he would have given an example of supreme dedication, but he would not move us to faith in Him. He would have been one more hero to admire. “No!” Francis said. “He died but rose again. ” Faith, he said, “is born from the resurrection. To accept that Christ died on the cross is not an act of faith it is a historical fact. Believing that he rose, on the other hand, is an act of faith. ” The Christian faith “was born on Easter morning,” Francis asserted. For his part, Saint Paul “was a persecutor of the Church, proud of his convictions he felt like a man who had made it, with very clear idea of ​​what life was about and what his duties were. ” But, in this perfect picture “one day something happened that was completely unpredictable: the encounter with the Risen Jesus on the road to Damascus,” he said. This event revolutionized his life, and “the persecutor became an apostle. ” The reason for Paul’s  ? “Because I have seen Jesus alive! I have seen the risen Jesus Christ! This is the foundation of Paul’s faith, of the faith of the other Apostles, of the faith of the Church and of our faith,” Francis said. “So, even though we are sinners —  as we all are —  and if our good intentions have remained on paper,” Francis said, all is not lost. Like those people mentioned in the Gospel, we can “go to the tomb of Christ, see the large overturned stone and think that God is preparing an unexpected future for me, for all of us. ” “God is bigger than nothingness, and you just need a candle to defeat the darkest of nights,” he said. Paul cried, “Where, O death, is your victory? Where, O death, is your sting?” In these days of Easter, we carry this cry in our heart, Francis said. “And if we are asked the reason for our smile and our patient sharing, then we can answer that Jesus is still here, and continues to live among us,” he said. Follow Thomas D. Williams on Twitter  Follow @tdwilliamsrome",0
3763,The Butter Alternative That Can Reduce Heart Disease and Burn Fat,"Both butter and ghee contain almost 100% of calories from fat. 

Ghee is more concentrated than butter. Gram for gram, it provides slightly more butyric acid and other short-chain saturated fats. Studies suggest that these fats can reduce inflammation, promote gut health, and inhibit cancer growth. 

Ghee is also higher in conjugated linoleic acid, a polyunsaturated fat that may help increase fat loss. 

Ghee is completely free of the milk sugar lactose and the milk protein casein, whereas butter contains small amounts of each. Ghee is a great alternative for those who have allergies or sensitivities to these dairy components. 

Heating ghee produces a lot less of the toxic compound acrylamide than heating vegetable and seed oils. Ghee also has a very high smoke point. At 485 F, its smoke point is much higher than that of butter’s which is 350 F. 

Heart Health 

A number of studies suggest that consuming ghee can lead to favorable changes in heart health . 

In one study , ghee was revealed to increase good cholesterol (HDL) and reduce the formation of fatty deposits in the arteries. It also increased fasting blood sugar levels. 

A controlled study found that ghee was the fat source responsible for the greatest increase in ApoA, a protein in HDL particles that is linked to a reduced risk of heart disease. 

It is important to distinguish between ghee made from dairy and ghee made from vegetable oil. 

Vegetable ghee contains 14-40% trans fats, and the rising consumption of vegetable ghee may be contributing to rising heart disease rates among Indians and Pakistanis. 

Cancer 

Several studies comparing ghee to soybean oil suggest that ghee may reduce the risk of certain cancers, including breast cancer. 

Potential Health Issues? 

Results of controlled studies show that ghee doesn’t seem to affect bad cholesterol (LDL) levels, yet people’s responses to saturated fat intake are highly variable. 

People whose LDL cholesterol levels tend to increase in response to high saturated fat intake may want to limit their ghee or butter intake to one or two tablespoons per day. 

Another concern about ghee is that during production at high heat, its cholesterol may become oxidized. Oxidized cholesterol is linked to an increased risk of several diseases, including heart disease. 

As more research is done, we will begin to learn more about the various health benefits and side effects of ghee. 

 ",0
3764,"Woman Charged in Kayak Death Admitted Keeping Paddle From Fiancé, Officer Testifies - The New York Times","GOSHEN, N. Y.  —   In chilling detail, a State Police investigator on Monday publicly described for the first time a   walk he took on a Hudson River island with Angelika Graswald, whose remarks to him soon led to charges that she murdered her fiancé while the two had been kayaking there last year. Ms. Graswald said she felt “trapped” and had withheld her fiancé’s paddle after his kayak capsized, the investigator, Donald DeQuarto, testified during a pretrial hearing. “‘I took his paddle when he was in the water,’” Ms. Graswald had told him, Investigator DeQuarto said. The walk and subsequent questioning last spring occurred 10 days after the fiancé, Vincent Viafore, 46, disappeared into the cold waters of the Hudson, on April 19, 2015. Ms. Graswald was visiting Bannerman Island, where the couple had stopped on the day of the drowning, and ran into investigators who were searching for clues to the episode, which was still being treated as an accident. Ms. Graswald, who is 36, revealed that she had removed the plug from the kayak and sabotaged the paddle, according to Investigator DeQuarto. He added that she had also said that after Mr. Viafore capsized, and was holding onto his kayak and a dry bag for flotation, he had begged Ms. Graswald to call 911, but that she “kind of reached over and took his paddle from him and strapped it onto her kayak. ” The testimony by Investigator DeQuarto came on the fourth day of the hearing here in Goshen. The purpose of the hearing is to examine how investigators obtained their evidence, which in the case against Ms. Graswald relies heavily on her own words. Ms. Graswald and Mr. Viafore, who shared an apartment in Poughkeepsie, N. Y. set out in two kayaks from the western shore of the Hudson on a mild Sunday. They paddled to Bannerman Island, where, the police say, they spent a few hours drinking beer and taking pictures. On the return crossing, however, the boat belonging to Mr. Viafore, who was not wearing a life vest, capsized. He vanished under the choppy water, which at 46 degrees was cold enough to bring on hypothermia. For 10 days, Ms. Graswald was treated as a fiancée in mourning, while rescuers searched for the body. On April 29, investigators came upon Ms. Graswald on the island, a historic site with the ruins of a castle. Another investigator testified that Ms. Graswald, who was leaving flowers on the island for Mr. Viafore, also said that he had recently postponed their wedding. She was charged with murder the next day, after an   police interrogation. Her lawyer, Richard A. Portale, is seeking to suppress a videotape of the questioning. Investigator DeQuarto testified that Ms. Graswald had also indicated that she could have pictured herself with Mr. Viafore if things had been different. “She wanted a normal life with Vincent, she wanted to get married, she wanted to have children,” he said. Investigator DeQuarto had asked her how she felt about Mr. Viafore’s death. Her response, he said, was: “Fine. Over it. ” “She felt like herself,” he testified. “She felt free. ” Prosecutors said Ms. Graswald stood to receive $250, 000 in life insurance benefits from Mr. Viafore’s death. Mr. Portale has portrayed Mr. Viafore’s death as a tragic drowning, triggered by the waters of the rough, cold river. Investigator DeQuarto also testified that Ms. Graswald was angry that Mr. Viafore had pressured her to have sex with him and another woman. Ms. Graswald, he said, had talked about Mr. Viafore’s making “sexual demands to her, how he wanted to have threesomes with other women, how he made her have sex when he wanted sex. ” Ms. Graswald, according to Investigator DeQuarto, had said her fiancé even had a third partner in mind, a woman he knew, named Tina. He testified that, according to what Ms. Graswald had told him on the island, Mr. Viafore would say, “‘Why can’t you do a threesome with Tina?’ Tina would do this, Tina would do that. It made her upset. ” Investigator DeQuarto said he had asked Ms. Graswald why she did not break up with Mr. Viafore. “She said she’s a very spiritual person, she knew he would never be gone” if she only broke up with him, he testified. “I asked, ‘Did you remove that plug so he would drown? ’” Mr. DeQuarto said, adding that Ms. Graswald had paused for a moment. “She said, ‘I guess I did. ’” He also said she had admitted tampering with his paddle. Kayaking experts have said that removal of the tiny drain plug, located on top of the kayak’s hull, would not have caused the kayak to fill with water. But they said waves splashing into the cockpit could have made it unstable. Investigator DeQuarto recalled that shortly after he encountered Ms. Graswald on Bannerman Island, she began breathing heavily and holding her stomach. She had also asked to take breaks to smoke cigarettes, he said. He said he and another officer had encouraged Ms. Graswald to be more forthcoming, pointing out that she had made inconsistent statements about her cellphone, and appeared physically agitated. Mr. DeQuarto testified that Ms. Graswald had begun her confession on the island by saying that she “wanted to be free. ” “I wanted to go on and I wanted to be myself,” he recalled her saying, adding that she had later said of Mr. Viafore: “He trapped me. ” Investigator DeQuarto said he had asked Ms. Graswald if she would come to the police station to continue talking in a more formal setting. She said she would. On the way, Investigator DeQuarto said, she expressed feelings of freedom and of wanting to buy a motorcycle to ride. And one other thing. “‘You know, when I first saw you I thought you were cute,’” Investigator DeQuarto said she had told him. “I didn’t know what to say to that. I said, ‘Thank you. ’”",0
3765,"Trump Celebrates America’s Faith-Based Foundation, Vows to Defend Religious Values","President Donald Trump praised America’s   values, vowing to defend them from an increasingly dangerous world, in a speech at the National Prayer Breakfast Thursday. [“America will thrive as long as we continue to have faith in each other and faith in God,” Trump said. “That faith in God has inspired men and women to sacrifice for the needy, to deploy to wars overseas, and lock arms at home to ensure equal rights for every man, woman, and child in our land. ”  He vowed to protect religious liberty in America, specifically promising to get rid of the Johnson Amendment, which prevents churches and   organizations from endorsing and opposing political candidates. “Our republic was formed on the basis that freedom is not a gift from government, but that freedom is a gift from God,” Trump said. But Trump warned that Islamic State terrorists were specifically targeting Christians and “peaceful Muslims. ” He also mentioned that the Jewish people were under attack from terrorists. “The world is in trouble, but we’re going to straighten it out. That’s what I do,” Trump said. “I fix things. We’re going the straighten it out. Believe me. ” The president paid tribute to slain Navy SEAL Mark Owens and quoted John 15:13 to recognize his sacrifice. “Greater love hath no man than this, that a man lay down his life for his friends,” he said. Trump also used his speech to defend his decision to restrict refugees and immigration from seven   Middle East countries, calling it a “necessary” step to prevent opponents of American values from entering the country. “We will not allow a beachhead of intolerance to spread in our nation,” he said, promising to develop an immigration system to only allow people into the country who would share American values. “In the coming days, we will develop a system to help ensure that those admitted into our country fully embrace our values of religious and personal liberty and that they reject any form of oppression and discrimination,” Trump said. “We want people to come into our nation, but we want people to love us and to love our values, not to hate us and to hate our values. ” Trump spoke about his mother, who raised him with faith, and he explained that personal wealth fails to bring true happiness. “I tell you that from somebody who has had material success and knows tremendous numbers of people with great material success, the most material success,” he said. “Many of those people are very, very miserable, unhappy people, and I know a lot of people without that, but they have great families. They have great faith. ”",0
3766,Paper Tiger ISIS Digs Into Mosul,"Written by Eric Margolis   As a former soldier and war correspondent who has covered 14 conflicts, I look at all the media hoopla over tightening siege of Mosul, Iraq and shake my head. This western-organized “liberation” of Mosul is one of the bigger pieces of political-military theater that I’ve seen. Islamic State (IS), the defender of Mosul, is a paper tiger, blown out of all proportion by western media. IS is, as this writer has been saying for years, an armed mob made up of 20-something malcontents, religious fanatics, and modern-day anarchists. At its top is a cadre of former Iraqi Army officers with military experience. These former officers of Saddam Hussain are bent on revenge for the US destruction of their nation and the lynching of its late leader. But IS rank and file has no military training, little discipline, degraded communications, and ragged logistics. In fact, today’s Islamic State is what the Ottoman Empire used to term, ‘bashi-bazouks,” a collection of irregular cut-throats and scum of the gutter sent to punish and terrorize enemies by means of torture, rapine, looting, and arson. What has amazed me about the faux western war against ISIS is its leisurely nature, lack of élan , and hesitancy. In my view, ISIS was mostly created by the US and its allies as a weapon to be used against Syria’s government – just as the Afghan mujahadin were used by the US and the Saudis to overthrow the Soviet-backed Afghan government. Israel tried the same tactics by helping create Hamas in Palestine and Hezbollah in Lebanon. Both were cultivated to split the PLO. ISIS is an ad hoc movement that wants to punish the West and the Saudis for the gross carnage they have inflicted on the Arab world. Western and Kurdish auxiliary forces have been sitting 1.5 hours drive from Mosul and the IS town of Raqqa for over a year. Instead, western – mainly US – warplanes have been gingerly bombing around these targets in what may be an effort to convince breakaway ISIS to rejoin US-led forces fight the Damascus regime. Note that ISIS does not appear to have ever attacked Israel though it is playing an important role in the destruction of Syria. Some reports say Israel is providing logistic and medical support for IS. The siege of Mosul is being played up by western media as a heroic second Stalingrad. Don’t be fooled. IS has only 3-5,000 lightly armed fighters in Mosul and Raqqa, maybe even less. The leaders of IS are likely long gone. IS has few heavy weapons, no air cover at all, and poor communications. Its rag-tag fighters will run out of ammunitions and explosives very quickly. Encircling Mosul are at least 50,000 western-led soldiers, backed by heavy artillery, rocket batteries, tanks, armored vehicles and awesome air power The western imperial forces are composed of tough Kurdish peshmerga fighters, Iraqi army and special forces, some Syrian Kurds, Iranian ‘volunteers’ irregular forces and at least 5,000 US combat troops called “advisors”, plus small numbers of French, Canadian and British special forces. Hovering in the background are some thousands of Turkish troops, supported by armor and artillery ready to ""liberate"" Iraq – which was once part of the Ottoman Empire. For the US, current military operations in Syria and Iraq are the realization of an imperialist’s fondest dream: native troops led by white officers, the model of the old British Indian Raj. Washington arms, trained, equips and financed all its native auxiliaries. The IS is caught in a dangerous dilemma. To be a political movement, it was delighted to control Iraq’s second largest city. But as a guerilla force, it should not have holed up in an urban area where it was highly vulnerable to concentrated air attack and being surrounded. This is what’s happening right now. In the mostly flat Fertile Crescent with too few trees, ground forces are totally vulnerable to air power, as the recent 1967, 1973 Israel-Arab wars and 2003 Iraq wars have shown. Dispersion and guerilla tactics are the only hope for those that lack air cover. IS forces would best advise to disperse across the region and continue their hit-and-run attacks. Otherwise, they risk being destroyed. But being mostly bloody-minded young fanatics, IS may not heed military logic and precedent in favor of making a last stand in the ruins of Mosul and Raqqa. When this happens, western leaders will compete to claim authorship of the faux crusade against the paper tiger of ISIS.   LewRockwell.com . Related",0
3767,Washington's Meddling in Foreign Elections,"Written by Jacob G. Hornberger   As US officials continue to accuse Russia of meddling with the US presidential election, an accusation that they have provided no evidence whatsoever to support, let’s review some of the US government’s history of meddling with elections in others countries.1. In 1951, the democratically elected parliament of Iran elected a man named Mohammad Mossadegh to be Iran’s prime minister. Mossadegh angered British Empire officials by nationalizing British oil interests in the country.British officials then turned to the CIA for assistance. In 1953, the CIA secretly fomented a violent coup in Iran, which succeeded in ousting Mossadegh from power and making the Shah of Iran the supreme unelected dictator of the country.To fortify the Shah’s dictatorial hold on power, the CIA helped organize and train the his domestic police force, the Savak, which was essentially a combination of the CIA, the NSA, and the military. Part of the CIA’s training involved teaching Savak agents the art of torture.For the next 26 years, the Iranian people suffered under one of the most brutal and tyrannical dictatorships in the world, one that US officials fully supported and called an ally and friend of the United States.In 1979, Iranians successfully revolted against the Shah’s regime and ousted him from power. One result was not a restoration of the democratic system that had elected Mossadegh but rather another brutal dictatorship, this time a religious one. Another result is the bad relations between the Iran and US governments that continues to exist today.2. In 1951, the Guatemalan people democratically elected a man named Jacobo Arbenz to be their president. Arbenz, however, was not satisfactory to US officials, especially the national-security branch of the government, specifically the Pentagon and the CIA. The reason that US officials opposed Arbenz was that he was a socialist, and US officials considered a socialist president of Guatemala to be a threat to “national security” here in the United States.In 1954 — one year after the coup in Iran, the CIA fomented a violent military coup that succeeded in removing Arbenz from power and replacing him with one of the most brutal unelected military dictators in Latin American history, a man named Carlos Castillo Armas. The CIA had a kill list prepared for the coup, which Arbenz was able to escape by fleeing the country before Castillo was able to get him. The CIA’s destruction of Guatemala’s democratic system threw the nation into a 30-year civil war that ended up killing millions of Guatemalan people, especially many of the poor.3. In 1960 a man named Patrice Lamumba was elected Congo’s first prime minister after independence from Belgium. Lamumba spoke out against Western imperialism and refused to take sides in the Cold War, which caused the CIA to conclude that he was a threat to “national security.” The CIA orchestrated the assassination of Lamumba, which ended up taking place on January 17, 1961, just three days before President Kennedy, who liked Lamumba and who would have ordered the CIA to stand down, was to be sworn into office.4. In 1970 a man named Salvador Allende received a plurality of votes in the presidential election in Chile. Pursuant to the Chilean constitution, the election was thrown into the national congress. President Richard Nixon, his national-security team, the Pentagon, and the CIA concluded that because Allende believed in communism and socialism, he posed a grave threat to “national security” here in the United States. The CIA attempted to bribe members of the congress to vote against Allende. It also orchestrated the kidnapping of the head of Chile’s armed forces, Gen Rene Schneider, who opposed a US military coup in his country, especially since a coup would violate the country’s constitution. The kidnapping attempt on Schneider left him dead.The CIA then fomented a coup that took place on 9/11 1973 that violently ousted Allende from power and left him dead. Replacing him was army Gen. Augusto Pinochet, one of the most brutal unelected military dictators in history. By the time Pinochet’s 17-year reign of military terror came to an end in 1990, he and his CIA-supported goons had incarcerated, raped, tortured, or killed tens of thousands of innocent people — that is, people whose only “crime” was believing in socialism — with the full support of the CIA, Pentagon, Nixon, and his “national security” team.Of course, there are also the more recent support of regime-change operations that ousted democratically elected presidents that the US government disapproved of, such as in Ukraine and Egypt.And then there is the long list of countries where unelected dictators were targeted for regime change by the US national security state and, where successful, replaced with a brutal unelected pro-US dictator. Cuba, Indonesia, Iraq, Libya, and Syria all come to mind.US officials need to keep in mind that when they point their accusatory index finger at Russia for supposedly meddling in the US presidential election, US officials have, at the same time, three fingers pointing back at themselves. Reprinted with permission from the Future of Freedom Foundation . Related",0
3768,"Cloud Computing Brings Sprawling Centers, but Few Jobs, to Small Towns - The New York Times","BOYDTON, Va.  —   A giant Microsoft facility just outside this very small town hides behind a   berm and a guard house, across the highway from the rubble of a demolished prison. Behind the berm, six unmarked hangars each hold tens of thousands of computer servers. Microsoft has cleared enough scrub trees and vines for at least 15 of these buildings, and six more are already under construction. One thing there isn’t much of at this Microsoft complex, one single computer data center, is   work. Microsoft says it might have “several dozen” employees in a place like this. They are mostly elite computer workers who tend not to come from Boydton, which lost a lot of good jobs when nearby factories closed and the prison shut down. So it is in a number of small towns across the country, as technology giants like Amazon, Google and Microsoft race to build networks of unprecedented size to provide services over the internet, a technology trend known as cloud computing. Local people, along with many economists and officials, often think these data centers are a key to an industrial revival. But the reality is less impressive. “I’ve worked on a lot of nuclear power plants, and these things are a lot bigger than that,” said E. W. Gregory, the head of the local electrical workers’ union. But “the first thing they put in was a guard shack and a fence. I’ve filled rooms with people looking for   work. None of it lasts. ” The companies come to places like Boydton for basics like land, water and electricity. Even with low local wages, people are a   item. As small as the staffs at these mammoth facilities are, companies say, perhaps a third of the company jobs will eventually be filled by robots. Google started building in eastern Oregon to be near cheap hydroelectric power on the Columbia River, and most recently it has focused on Iowa, Alabama and Tennessee. Microsoft has a center in Wyoming, and it bought a   golf course as part of a complex near West Des Moines, Iowa. Amazon recently built similar giant facilities on the outer reaches of Columbus, Ohio, and Dulles, Va. “A lot of this stuff is put in rural parts of the country that used to be part of a manufacturing economy” that has gone overseas, said Bill Coughran, a partner at the venture investment firm Sequoia Capital who ran much of Google’s big engineering for eight years. “Textiles and furniture created a big power grid in the south. Then those jobs went away. ” That’s been the story for Boydton, population 430, in the middle of tobacco country a few miles from the North Carolina border. The prison across from the Microsoft center closed in 2012. A nearby Burlington Industries textile plant that employed more than 2, 000 shut in 2002. It was razed in 2012. In Clarksville, the next town over, a Russell Stover candy factory closed in 2001, taking 700 jobs. Now the building is a data center for the Department of Homeland Security, operated by a small crew from Hewlett Packard Enterprise. The South Virginia tobacco economy collapsed as Americans cut back on smoking. But in 1999, Virginia used some of the $4. 1 billion it received in a settlement with cigarette makers to build     lines throughout the region. The broadband drew Microsoft, along with some financial perks. Mecklenburg County, which received $2. 1 million from the state for the project, has given Microsoft 350 acres and offset personal property taxes by 82. 5 percent, according to Wayne Carter, the county administrator. Initially, Apple, which is building a big cloud center for consumers’ photos and music, wanted the Boydton site, but it went across the border to North Carolina, which promised tax breaks on its data center equipment. Not to be outdone, Virginia passed laws in 2009 and 2010 that exempted sales taxes on things like data center computer servers, software, power generators and chillers to cool all that equipment. “We’ve had six years of construction work,” said Mr. Carter. That has helped the county, he said, because even temporary workers rent houses, stay in hotels and eat in local restaurants. Microsoft did not dispute reports that it would spend $1. 1 billion on the Boydton data center, and said that “on average, data centers employ tens to several dozen people,” in a mixture of corporate and contracted positions. It declined to let a reporter tour the site. “They talked about 100 jobs, but it’s a slow process,” said Thomas C. Coleman III, the mayor of Boydton. So far, he says, the biggest impact “has been a couple of lunch tables at the Triangle gas station. ” He understates matters, but not by much. Mr. Gregory, the electrician, said his union had hundreds of applicants for work digging ditches and laying pipe, starting at $10. 88 an hour. Wiring paid $28. 59. Both jobs tended to last about six months, he said, with lots of attrition for the hard outdoor labor. Working as a security guard or as someone testing the wires inside the data center offers better money, but there are not many positions. Microsoft prefers to fly in its own specialists for some work, and it doesn’t like hiring people who have worked in other big companies’   centers, Mr. Gregory said. (Microsoft said it did not exclude candidates based on previous experience.) “We can provide a place to live, but all those contractors will move on to the next town where they’re building,” Mr. Coleman said. “You don’t know what you can count on. ” The big cloud networks are immensely profitable for the few companies who can operate these global systems. The biggest three cloud companies estimate that the global market in business computing is worth $1 trillion or more, and they are rushing to expand globally. In interviews, all said they spend more than $2 billion annually on this. “It’s phenomenal how rapidly they are growing,” said Erik Brynjolfsson, a professor at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology who has written extensively on the impact of new technologies. “It is the key enabler of all kinds of technology advances, starting with the things companies do now, but lots cheaper, including outsourcing tech jobs. ” In a recent article, Mr. Brynjolfsson noted a report by the United States Council of Economic Advisers that said more than 80 percent of jobs paying $20 an hour or less could be automated. The report urged sweeping policy changes, like ending some licensing regulations for careers like hairdressing, or wage subsidies for   workers, to adapt to the new economic infrastructure. For towns like Boydton, he said, “people are going to have to move to new places. ” That is hard to imagine in places where local roots go so deep. Conversations here usually start with people explaining where they are from, and what their families did here for generations. “Boydton is the quintessential quaint courthouse town,” said Leigh Lambert, the town librarian. “People from here love it. It feels like it’s always with you. ” Ms. Lambert grew up nearby, tried New York, and returned to work next to the court, which is adorned with a statue of a Confederate soldier. Microsoft initially came to a couple of town meetings, and it seemed to offer a way Boydton could come back. “Now they’re off by themselves,” she said. “We hear they have a really nice Starbucks machine. ”",0
3769,Don't Diss The Dark Ages,"  Don't Diss The Dark Ages Oct 26, 2016 2:50 PM 0 
Submitted by Charles Hugh-Smith via OfTwoMinds blog, 
Much was lost when the Western Roman Empire collapsed, but islands of literacy, learning and security arose despite the constant conflicts and threats of invasion. 
Once dissed as The Dark Ages, the Medieval Era is more properly viewed as a successful adaptation to the challenges of the post-Western Roman Empire era. The decline of the Western Roman Empire was the result of a constellation of challenges, including (but not limited to) massive new incursions of powerful Germanic tribes, a widening chasm between the Western and the Eastern Roman Empire (Byzantium), plague, an onerous tax burden on the non-elite classes, weak leadership, the dominance of a self-serving elite (sound familiar?) and last but not least, the expansion of an unproductive rabble in Rome that had to be bribed with increasingly costly Bread and Circuses . 
In effect, The Grand Strategy of the Roman Empire ran out of time and money. The Grand Strategy, successful for hundreds of years, relied heavily on persuading ""barbarian"" tribes to join the Roman system for the commercial and security benefits. This process of integration worked because it was backed by the threat of destruction by military force. 
The Empire maintained relatively modest military forces given its vast territory, but its road system and fleet enabled relatively rapid concentration of force to counter an invasion. It also maintained extensive fortifications along active borders. 
All of this required substantial tax revenues, manpower and effective leadership, not just for fortifications, the army, roads and the fleet, but to maintain the commercial and political benefits offered to ""barbarians"" who chose integration in the Empire. 
Once the military threats proliferated and the benefits of Imperial membership eroded, the Grand Strategy was unable to maintain the integrity of the Imperial borders. 
As tax revenues and the bureaucracy they supported imploded, security declined, reducing trade and communications. This unvirtuous cycle fed on itself: reduced trade led to reduced tax revenues which led to phantom legions that were still listed on the bureaucratic ledgers but which no longer had any troops. 
The collapse of the Western Empire was a process, not an event. Key organizational infrastructures that endured through the Medieval era--for example, the Roman Catholic and Orthodox Christian Churches--gained traction in the waning centuries of the Western Empire. 
Monasteries offered islands of scholarship and literacy and in many cases offered security via fortifications. 
As trade diminished along with secure trade routes, self-reliance became the order of the day outside the borders of the Byzantine and Persian empires. 
Though political leadership shifted with the latest invasion from the steppes of Eurasia, the two branches of Christendom slowly converted many invading groups or consolidated existing Christian powers into alliances that bound together diverse groups and proto-states. 
These alliances were typically contingent and temporary, as today's ally became tomorrow's enemy, or vice versa. Despite the shifting loyalties of constant invasion and warfare, the Byzantine Empire endured and Charlemagne (and others) in Western Europe established the fractured but still effective Holy Roman Empire. 
Much was lost when the Western Roman Empire collapsed, but islands of literacy, learning and security arose despite the constant conflicts and threats of invasion. Venice offers one example of a small city securing trade routes with commercial centers that then funded a regional empire. 
The tidiness of the old Empire could not be reinstated. The adaptations were as messy and untidy as the challenges that swept in from the steppes and forests. 
So please don't diss the Dark Ages. Yes, the Roman baths, coliseums and political /social order fell into disrepair, but new ways of coping emerged that were as contingent and untidy as the era's multiple challenges. 
New modes of production and new social /political orders do not arise fully formed. They are pieced together by trial and error and numerous cycles of adaptation, innovation and failure.",0
3770,’Deport Fat People’ Posters Appear At CU Boulder Ahead of MILO Event - Breitbart,"Posters calling on Donald Trump to “Deport Fat People” have appeared at the campus of CU Boulder where MILO is scheduled to appear tonight.[  Another poster urged fat people to “please stop eating. ” Flyers initially appeared alongside the posters advertising MILO’s event at CU Boulder today, calling the Dangerous Faggot a Nazi and stating that “It’s always OK to punch a Nazi. ” A photograph of the poster, reportedly placed there by protesters that plan to attempt to stop MILO’s event tonight, can be seen below.    MILO’s event at the college is set to take place tonight at 9PM EST where he will be delivering a speech titled, “Why Ugly People Hate Me. ” The event will be available to watch here.",0
3771,Rep. Jim Jordan: Working with Dems on Health Care Would Be ’a Big Mistake’,"Rep. Jim Jordan ( ) talked with Breitbart News Daily SiriusXM host Alex Marlow Thursday about healthcare reform and Obamacare repeal moving forward. [When asked about the White House working with Democrats on healthcare reform, Jordan said, “I think that would be a big mistake”  Added Jordan, “I think that would be the wrong approach. The elections in 2010, 2014, and on November 8, 2016, weren’t about working with Democrats to keep in place Obamacare. They were about repealing Obamacare. ” Jordan insisted this was simply a postponement in the passing of a piece of legislation and argued that Republicans should regroup and work together to pass an acceptable bill. Having pointed out that only seventeen percent of the country backed the recently failed legislation, Jordan said he believes if they had followed standard procedure, including hearings, they could have come up with a bill supported by far more than seventeen percent of America. “We were willing to accept so much that we weren’t really doing cartwheels over in the legislation,” said Freedom Caucus member Jordan. “If we could simply point to the fact premiums are going to come down and without getting into the weeds, there are a few key regulations that have to get repealed in Obamacare in order for premiums to come down. ” “One is this mandated coverages that every policy has to offer, ” he added. “If every policy has to cover everything, it just drives up the cost. You don’t really have families being able to select the kind of insurance plan that fits their needs. So that’s one regulation that has to go. ” Jordan had previously pointed out that rates were going to continue to rise for years under the recently failed GOP plan. He also cited “community rating” as a problem because it prevents flexibility in pricing and the need for a “safety net” provision for     individuals. “That’s the way you design a system that actually is   brings down costs for most middle class families. In the end, that’s all we were trying to get to. And we couldn’t even get those regulations included in the repeal part of the legislation,” Jordan said. He insisted that with some simple tweaking, Republicans can still come together to pass healthcare reform more popular with America than the recent plan. Breitbart News Daily airs on SiriusXM Patriot 125 weekdays from 6:00 a. m. to 9:00 a. m. Eastern. ",0
3772,CNBC Just Confirmed Comey Is Abusing His Power To Help Trump,"Comments 
A bombshell report from CNBC confirms that FBI Director James Comey had in fact concluded that the government of the Russian Federation was interfering with the election, but fought to keep that information from being released to the public because it was “too close to the election.” 
Instead, Comey prevented the name FBI from appearing on the statement the government ultimately made on October 7th. 
This attitude stands in stark contrast to the cavalier way in which Director Comey threw a wrench into the election by writing a letter to “update” Congress on the Hillary Clinton email investigation since the FBI discovered emails that “may” be pertinent to their previous inquiries. 
That announcement has drastically shifted the polling landscape of the election and given the Republican Party the final stretch ammunition that the Donald Trump campaign, sinking after weeks of sexual assault revelations, needed to bail themselves out and redirect the national narrative away from their own bad press. 
The hypocrisy is astounding; it appears that the Director of the Federal Bureau of Investigation attempted to hide the machinations by a foreign power to interfere in the elections of the United States to protect the Republican nominee, who has a long documented history with the operatives of said foreign power and a personally profitable reason to cultivate their support. 
The Director then said that he couldn’t release that information to the public – which definitely deserves to know if a foreign power is interfering with our electoral process – because it was “too close to the election” but then releases an intentionally vague and misleading letter concerning new emails that “may or may not be” pertinent to an investigation which the FBI itself had already exonerated Democratic nominee Hillary Clinton over? 
It’s obvious that Director Comey has joined Congressional Republicans in their efforts to conduct a witch-hunt against one of our nation’s most devoted public servants and usher in the election of a treasonous sexual predator instead.",0
3773,Can You Get a Stunning and Healthy Smile with Coconut Oil?,"Keywords: cavities , coconut oil , Dental health , gingivitis , Oil Pulling , Teeth 
We all know about the popular and ancient practice of oil pulling, but many of us don’t understand how this practice works or how exactly it benefits our teeth! Oil pulling began in Ayurvedic medicine thousands of years ago and has achieved widespread popularity in modern society today. 
But the question remains—does it help your smile? And how? 
The Claims of Oil Pulling 
Let’s take a look at each of these popular claims of oil pulling! 
It makes your mouth healthier. By pulling out bad bacteria that can cause cavities and gum disease, oil pulling can actually make your mouth healthier and even stop chronic bad breath. 
It whitens teeth. Research has not proved this, but some people claim they get whiter teeth with oil pulling. This should be considered a side effect of oil pulling (albeit a great one) rather than its main purpose. 
It heals cavities. Oil pulling can remove the bacteria and plaque that cause tooth decay, but typically oil pulling alone is not enough to heal cavities. You need to stop eating so much sugar, get more vitamins and minerals (such as K, D, and calcium), and switch your toothpaste to help heal cavities with oil pulling! 
It cures disease. Ancient cultures used oil pulling as a way to draw out toxins from the mouth to prevent them from affecting the body. Research doesn’t show whether or not oil pulling can help any type of disease, but research does link oral health to body health—so a healthy mouth could help you prevent heart disease , respiratory illnesses, and even cognitive decline! 
What the Research Says 
Now that we’ve seen the popular claims of oil pulling, let’s find out what modern research actually says about this age-old practice. 
Research shows that oil pulling can actually the stop inflammation, bacteria, plaque, and bad breath associated with gum disease, therefore it may be an effective treatment for gum disease combined with a healthy diet and great oral health practices! 
It can decrease the likelihood of tooth decay and reduce overall plaque content in the mouth. Oil pulling can also help prevent tooth loss and oral diseases such as oral cancer, periodontal disease, and oral thrush. Oil pulling may be able to reverse tooth decay, but only when combined with other healthy practices. 
Although research hasn’t proved that oil pulling helps decrease your chances for developing chronic disease, keeping your mouth healthy and free of toxins can benefit your whole body! 
The Verdict 
If you want to give oil pulling a try, do this practice every day: put a tablespoon of oil in your mouth (preferably sesame or coconut) and swish it around for up to twenty minutes as soon as you wake up. Spit out in the trash, then brush and floss your teeth as normal. Easy! 
The verdict is in: oil pulling can help you get a beautiful and healthy smile, but it should not replace regular brushing and flossing as your oral care routine. Practice oil pulling first thing in the morning before you eat or brush, then enjoy the benefits of a healthy smile without giving up your brushing and flossing habits! You might also like…",0
3774,Proof of Past Life? Teen Wakes From Coma Speaking Fluent Spanish,"  Sean Adl-Tabatabai in Sci/Environment // 0 Comments 
A U.S. teen has shown doctors compelling evidence that reincarnation exists after awaking from a coma and speaking fluent Spanish – a language he was never taught. 
16-year-old Reuben Nsemoh survived a life-threatening head injury on the soccer pitch that put him in a coma after being kicked in the head whilst diving for a loose ball. 
The English-speaking Georgia teenager left doctors utterly baffled when he awoke 3 days later speaking fluent Spanish 
Could it be that Reuben was Hispanic in a past life? 
Ksl.com reports: 
Slowly, his English is coming back, and he’s starting to lose his Spanish fluency. 
Foreign accent syndrome is an extremely rare condition in which brain injuries change a person’s speech patterns, giving them a different accent. 
The first known case was reported in 1941, when a Norwegian woman suffered shrapnel injuries to the brain during a German bombing run, and started speaking with a German accent.",0
3775,How Trump’s Rush to Enact an Immigration Ban Unleashed Global Chaos - The New York Times,"WASHINGTON  —   As President Trump signed a sweeping executive order on Friday, shutting the borders to refugees and others from seven largely Muslim countries, the secretary of homeland security was on a White House conference call getting his first full briefing on the global shift in policy. Gen. John F. Kelly, the secretary of homeland security, had dialed in from a Coast Guard plane as he headed back to Washington from Miami. Along with other top officials, he needed guidance from the White House, which had not asked his department for a legal review of the order. Halfway into the briefing, someone on the call looked up at a television in his office. “The president is signing the executive order that we’re discussing,” the official said, stunned. The global confusion that has since erupted is the story of a White House that rushed to enact, with little regard for basic governing, a core campaign promise that Mr. Trump made to his most fervent supporters. In his first week in office, Mr. Trump signed other executive actions with little or no legal review, but his order barring refugees has had the most explosive implications. Passengers were barred from flights to the United States, customs and border control officials got instructions at 3 a. m. Saturday and some arrived at their posts later that morning still not knowing how to carry out the president’s orders. “The details of it were not thought through,” said Stephen Heifetz, who served in the Justice and Homeland Security Departments, as well as the C. I. A. under the previous three presidents. “It is not surprising there was mass confusion, and I expect the confusion and chaos will continue for some time. ” Stephen K. Bannon, the chief White House strategist, oversaw the writing of the order, which was done by a small White House team, including Stephen Miller, Mr. Trump’s policy chief. But it was first imagined more than a year ago, when Mr. Trump, then a candidate for the Republican nomination, reacted to terrorist attacks in San Bernardino, Calif. by calling for a “total and complete shutdown of Muslims entering the United States. ” In the months that followed, Mr. Trump’s campaign tried to back away from the proposal, which was seen by Democrats as    campaign rhetoric that would never be reality. Mr. Trump offered few details as the campaign progressed, and as   he promised to protect the country from terrorists with only vague promises of “extreme vetting. ” But Mr. Bannon, who believes in highly restrictive immigration policies and saw barring refugees as vital to shoring up Mr. Trump’s political base, was determined to make it happen. He and a small group made up of the president’s closest advisers began working on the order during the transition so that Mr. Trump could sign it soon after taking office. A senior administration official said that the order was drafted in cooperation with some immigration experts on Capitol Hill and members of the “beachhead teams”  —   small groups of political appointees sent by the new White House to be liaisons and begin work at the agencies. James Jay Carafano, a vice president of the conservative Heritage Foundation and a member of Mr. Trump’s transition team, said that little of that work was shared with career officials at the Homeland Security Department, the State Department or other agencies. There was “a firewall between the old administration and the incoming one,” Mr. Carafano said. One reason, he said, is that when the Trump transition team asked pointed questions suggesting new policies to the career officials, those questions were swiftly leaked to the news media, generating negative stories. So the Trump team began to limit the information they discussed with officials from the previous administration. “Why share it with them?” Mr. Carafano said. R. Gil Kerlikowske, who served as commissioner of Customs and Border Protection under former President Barack Obama, said that his staff had little communication with Mr. Trump’s transition team, who made no mention of a bar on entry for people from certain countries. White House officials in the meantime insisted to reporters at a briefing that Mr. Trump’s advisers had been in contact with officials at the State and Homeland Security Departments for “many weeks. ” One official added, “Everyone who needed to know was informed. ” But that apparently did not include members of the president’s own cabinet. Jim Mattis, the new secretary of defense, did not see a final version of the order until Friday morning, only hours before Mr. Trump arrived to sign it at the Pentagon. Mr. Mattis, according to administration officials familiar with the deliberations, was not consulted by the White House during the preparation of the order and was not given an opportunity to provide input while the order was being drafted. Last summer, Mr. Mattis sharply criticized Mr. Trump’s proposed ban on Muslim immigration as a move that was “causing us great damage right now, and it’s sending shock waves through the international system. ” Customs and Border Protection officers were also caught unaware. They contacted several airlines late Friday that were likely to be carrying passengers from the seven countries and “instructed the airlines to offload any passport holders from those countries,” said a state government official who has been briefed on the agency’s actions. It was not until 3 a. m. on Saturday that customs and border officials received limited written instructions about what to do at airports and border crossings. They also struggled with how to exercise the waiver authority that was included in the executive order, which allowed the homeland security secretary to let some individuals under the ban enter the country case by case. One customs officer, who declined to be quoted by name, said he was given a limited briefing about what to do as he went to his post on Saturday morning, but even managers seemed unclear. People at the agency were blindsided, he said, and are still trying to figure things out, even as people are being stopped from coming into the United States. “If the secretary doesn’t know anything, how could we possibly know anything at this level?” the officer said, referring to Mr. Kelly. At the Citizenship and Immigration Service, staff members were told that the agency should stop work on any application filed by a person from any of the countries listed in the ban. Employees were told that applicants should be interviewed, but that their cases for citizenship, green cards or other immigration documents should be put on pause, pending further guidance. The timing of the executive order and the lack of advance warning had homeland security officials “flying by the seat of their pants,” to try to put policies in place, one official said. By Saturday, as the order stranded travelers around the world and its full impact became clear, Reince Priebus, the chief of staff, became increasingly upset about how the program had been rolled out and communicated to the public. By Sunday morning, Mr. Priebus had to defend the immigration ban on NBC’s “Meet the Press,” where he insisted that the executive order was rolled out smoothly. He also backpedaled on the policy and said that the executive order’s restrictions on entry to the United States would not apply to legal permanent residents “going forward. ” As White House officials also insisted on Sunday that the order had gone through the usual process of scrutiny and approval by the Office of Legal Counsel, the continuing confusion forced Mr. Kelly to clarify the waiver situation. He issued a statement making clear that lawful permanent residents  —   those who hold valid green cards  —   would be granted a waiver to enter the United States unless information suggested that they were a security threat. But senior White House officials insisted on Sunday night that the executive order would remain in force despite the change, and that they were proud of taking actions that they said would help protect Americans against threats from potential terrorists. That assertion is likely to do little to calm the public furor, which showed no signs of waning at the beginning of Mr. Trump’s second full week in the Oval Office. Mr. Carafano said he believed that the substance of Mr. Trump’s executive order was neither radical nor unreasonable. But he said that Mr. Trump’s team could have delayed signing the order until they had better prepared the bureaucracy to carry it out. He also said the president and his team had not done a good job of communicating to the public the purpose of the executive order. “If there is a criticism of the administration, and I think there is, I think they have done a rotten job of telling their story,” he said. “It is not like they did not know they were going to do this. To not have a cadre of people out there defending the administration  —   I mean, really guys, they should have done this. ”",0
3776,Justice Department Urges Appeals Court to Reinstate Trump’s Travel Ban - The New York Times,"WASHINGTON  —   The Justice Department on Monday evening urged a federal appeals court to reinstate President Trump’s targeted travel ban, saying immediate action was needed to ensure the nation’s safety. The administration’s brief was the last in a series of urgent pleas to the United States Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit, in San Francisco, which is now set to rule on the most ambitious and disruptive initiative of Mr. Trump’s young presidency. The ruling will almost certainly be followed by an appeal to the Supreme Court. The court scheduled an hourlong oral argument for Tuesday. That gives at least another day of reprieve to foreign visitors from seven predominantly Muslim countries, as well as other immigrants, who initially were blocked from entering the United States by Mr. Trump’s order. The administration’s brief largely tracked its earlier arguments that dismissing the ban outright would threaten national security and disregard presidential authority. But it also asked the appeals court, at a minimum, to reinstate at least part of Mr. Trump’s order  —   appearing to acknowledge the possibility that the government’s case might not be successful. “At most,” the brief said, the court order blocking the ban should be limited to “previously admitted aliens who are temporarily abroad now or who wish to travel and return to the United States in the future. ” That would allow the federal government to block people who have never visited the United States. On Monday, Sean Spicer, the White House press secretary, said the administration stood ready to reinstate the entire ban. “Once we win the case, it will go right back into action,” he said. Later on Monday night, Mr. Trump called threats “from radical Islamic terrorism is very real. ” “Courts must act fast!” Mr. Trump said on Twitter. Trial judges around the country have blocked aspects of Mr. Trump’s executive order, which suspended travel from the seven countries and limited the nation’s refugee program, but none of those cases have reached an appeals court. And none of the   rulings were as broad as the one under review in the case, State of Washington v. Trump. The Ninth Circuit scheduled the oral argument in the case for Tuesday at 3 p. m. Pacific time. It is to take place by telephone, and the court said it would be   on its website. Holding an oral argument by telephone in a major case is unusual. The case will be heard by Judge William C. Canby Jr. appointed by President Jimmy Carter Judge Michelle T. Friedland, appointed by President Barack Obama and Judge Richard R. Clifton, appointed by President George W. Bush. At issue is the earlier ruling, by Judge James L. Robart, a federal judge in Seattle, that blocked the key parts of Mr. Trump’s executive order. Judge Robart’s ruling allowed immigrants and travelers who had been barred from entry to come to the United States, and it inspired a harsh attack from Mr. Trump, who accused the judge of endangering national security. On Saturday, the administration asked the Ninth Circuit for an immediate administrative stay of Judge Robart’s ruling without hearing from the plaintiffs, the States of Washington and Minnesota. The court declined, instead asking for more briefs. Opponents of Mr. Trump’s targeted travel ban made three kinds of arguments in their submissions to the appeals court, saying that the ban is unlawful, that it represents bad   policy, and that it is a threat to the nation’s economy. A brief from Washington and Minnesota, filed early Monday morning, said that “President Trump unleashed chaos by signing the executive order. ” Fifteen states and the District of Columbia  —   including New York, California, Massachusetts and Virginia  —   filed a supporting brief to argue that allowing the ban to stand would “cause harm to the states, including to state institutions such as public universities, to the businesses that sustain our economies, and to our residents. ” In a brief filed Saturday, the Trump administration argued that Judge Robart’s order would cause irreparable harm to national security. In response, lawyers for Washington and Minnesota said that was not plausible, because it would mean the nation had long been suffering “some unspecified, ongoing irreparable harm. ” “That makes no sense,” the brief said. “As this court has held, preserving the status quo against sudden disruption is often in the interest of all parties. ” On Monday, the Trump administration responded that the states were asking the courts “to take the extraordinary step of   a formal   judgment made by the president himself pursuant to broad grants of statutory authority. ” In its earlier brief, the Trump administration urged the Ninth Circuit to reject arguments based on religious discrimination, even though Mr. Trump has said he meant to favor Christian refugees. Judicial consideration of the president’s motives, the administration’s brief said, would violate the separation of powers. The states responded that “courts have both the right and the duty to examine defendants’ true motives. ” They added that the administration had taken “a dizzying number of positions” on whether the executive order applied to permanent residents holding green cards. The order itself appears to cover such people, but the administration has said it will not enforce that part of the order. Questions about permanent residents are not moot, the states’ brief said, as the administration could again change positions. Several former diplomatic and national security officials filed a declaration making a second kind of argument. “We view the order as one that ultimately undermines the national security of the United States, rather than making us safer,” it said. “In our professional opinion, this order cannot be justified on national security or foreign policy grounds. ” The officials filing the declaration included John Kerry, a secretary of state under Mr. Obama Madeleine K. Albright, who held the same position under President Bill Clinton Susan E. Rice, Mr. Obama’s national security adviser and Leon E. Panetta, secretary of defense and director of the C. I. A. under Mr. Obama. Mr. Trump’s order, the officials said, would endanger American troops and intelligence sources, disrupt counterterrorism and law enforcement efforts, damage the economy and have “a devastating humanitarian impact. ” “And apart from all of these concerns,” the former officials said, “the order offends our nation’s laws and values. ” The third front in the legal battle against Mr. Trump’s order was opened by the technology industry and other businesses. Almost 100 companies, including Apple, Facebook and Google, urged the Ninth Circuit to continue to block the order, saying it “harms the competitiveness of U. S. companies. ” The “instability and uncertainty” created by the order, the brief said, “will make it far more difficult and expensive for U. S. companies to hire some of the world’s best talent  —   and impede them from competing in the global marketplace. ”",0
3777,Four-Day Obama Trip in 2013 Cost US Taxpayers $3.6Mln,"Get short URL 0 4 0 0 President Barack Obama’s four day visit to Chicago and the resort of Palm Beach in Florida in 2013 cost $3.6 million with almost a quarter of the costs being incurred by the US Department of Defense, a Government Accountability Office (GAO) report said. 
WASHINGTON (Sputnik) — According to White House officials, Obama flies on military aircraft whenever he travels — whether for official, political, or other non-official reasons — in order to be able to communicate instantly with the US military, the GAO observed. 
""GAO estimated that the major costs incurred by the Department of Defense and the Department of Homeland Security (DHS) for the president's travel to Chicago, Illinois and Palm Beach, Florida, from February 15, 2013 through February 18, 2013, were about $3.6 million,"" the report stated on Wednesday. 
About $2.8 million of the costs were incurred by the Defense Department and $0.77 million by two agencies within the DHS — the US Coast Guard and the Secret Service, the GAO noted. 
""These costs consisted of the operating expenses of the president's aircraft, supporting aircraft, and US Coast Guard small boats; and travel expenses, which include per diem (lodging and meals), commercial airfare, and rental cars for DOD and DHS personnel supporting the trip,"" the report explained. ...",0
3778,"Chuck Berry, Fiery and Flinty Rock ’n’ Roll Innovator - The New York Times","Chuck Berry’s “Roll Over Beethoven” wasn’t the first rock ’n’ roll song, but it was the best and brashest of the genre’s early advertisements. Released in 1956, it opens with a nimble, bendy guitar riff  —   a prelude to the one that would be perfected a year later, on “Johnny B. Goode”  —   that serves as an intrusion and an enticement. Then Mr. Berry describes the fever, “the rockin’ pneumonia,” that was soon to grip the country. “My heart beatin’   my soul   singin’ the blues,” he sang. “Roll over   tell Tchaikovsky the news. ” Plenty of artists would go on to cover “Roll Over Beethoven”  —   the Beatles streamlined and sweetened it Electric Light Orchestra distended it into an overlong, pompous shuffle with a snatch of the Fifth Symphony Paul Shaffer and his band made a sleek version as the theme to the 1992 film “Beethoven,” about a St. Bernard with the composer’s name. But those covers lacked the panache, the transgressive potential, the unexpected twists and turns of the Chuck Berry originals. Mr. Berry, who died on Saturday at his home near St. Louis, was the first true rock ’n’ roll superstar. When in his late 20s he emerged from St. Louis onto the national scene, the genre wasn’t yet codified. In its infancy, rock was hybrid music, and Mr. Berry was its most vivid and imaginative alchemist. From the   through the end of that decade, he concocted a yowling blend of   blues, country and   rhythm  blues that ended up as the template for what became widely accepted as rock ’n’ roll (though the term predated his rise). He gave it virtuoso playing via guitar work that drew on country and the blues. He made it a songwriting genre with wry, detailed lyrics that helped shape the idea of American freedom via stories of teenage abandon or   adventure. He embodied the music by giving it physical language, from his signature duck walk to his coiffure, which was equal parts structure and flair. (He also was a beautician, having studied hairdressing and cosmetology when he was still playing in small bands in St. Louis in the early 1950s.) And in performance, he sold the music hard, with eyes bulging, hips swaying and a sly smile that indicated he knew just how much he was pushing the envelope. That archetype of rock ’n’ roll swagger would define the next couple of decades of global pop music. Without his twitchy, gloriously accessible songs, there would have been no Rolling Stones, no Beatles, no Bob Dylan  —   at least not as we know them now. While Elvis Presley, flaunting his sexuality, was making himself into the original   pop star, Mr. Berry was being policed, both figuratively and literally. On songs like “Brown Eyed Handsome Man,” he sang, in judiciously coded language, about pushing back against segregation. In his autobiography, he wrote that he changed a phrase in “Johnny B. Goode” from “little colored boy” to “little country boy” because he “thought it would seem biased to white fans. ” Instead, he coded a tale of racial achievement in terms he felt would be more broadly palatable. But Mr. Berry was still a successful black man in a   rights world, and as such, he was a target. He was prosecuted twice under the Mann Act, for bringing a minor across state lines for immoral purpose. The first time he was convicted, but the conviction was overturned on appeal because of racial remarks made by the judge. The second time, he was convicted again, and he served more than a year and a half in federal prison. His career never quite recovered. White artists had been studying him, and were building up a version of rock ’n’ roll that no longer required Mr. Berry, nor his blackness. So if, for the remainder of his very long career, he was a bit flinty, could you blame him? The tug of war between what he was expected to provide and what he hoped to receive was constant. He was obstinate about his influence. He demanded to be paid up front for performances. He often toured with just his guitar, hiring local bands, not speaking to them and expecting them to know his music well enough to back him. (The results were spotty.) Even when he was being celebrated, Mr. Berry grated. On the occasion of his 60th birthday, Keith Richards convened an   band to perform a pair of tribute concerts with him. They were filmed for a documentary, “Chuck Berry Hail! Hail! Rock ’n’ Roll,” which began as a glowing commemoration of Mr. Berry’s talent and reach and ended up a document of his intransigence. His guitar playing and singing were electric, and so was his quarreling. Mr. Berry seemed inclined to believe that rock ’n’ roll belonged to him and no one else. In that documentary, Jerry Lee Lewis said that the first time the two met, they fought over who was the true king of the genre. And Mr. Berry had a particularly fraught    friction with the white artists who benefited the most from the style he innovated. In the documentary, Mr. Richards is his leading antagonist. And many years later, Mr. Richards told a story about being backstage at one of Mr. Berry’s shows and laying eyes on Mr. Berry’s guitar, sitting in an open case. Enthralled, he began to play it, but when Mr. Berry caught him in the act, Mr. Richards recalled, he punched him dead in the face.",0
3779,Exclusive — Sen. Rand Paul on Paul Ryan’s Obamacare Lite: Speaker ‘Trying to Pull the Wool Over the Eyes of the President’ - Breitbart,"Sen. Rand Paul ( ) a top conservative in the U. S. Senate, unloaded on House Speaker Paul Ryan’s Obamacare 2. 0 replacement plan —  that does not repeal Obamacare —  in an exclusive interview on Wednesday with Breitbart News. [In the interview, Paul accused Ryan of misleading President Donald Trump on the process and the level of support in the House for the bill that House GOP leadership —  at Ryan’s direction —  put forward this week.  The House Freedom Caucus was publicly against this strategy before Ryan even rolled it out. The group of more than 40 House conservatives remains steadfastly opposed to Ryan’s plan on this front, showing no signs of breaking as they signaled before it was introduced, and now many Republican offices outside the House Freedom Caucus privately tell Breitbart News that as many as 70 or more House Republicans are opposed to Ryan’s plan. Leadership knows this too, they say, as all the “hard no” votes have told the Speaker’s office or the whip teams they cannot vote for this bill. But Ryan is plowing forward, stating at a number of press conferences this week he is confident he will receive the 218 votes he needs to pass the bill —  even though he clearly does not have them right now. When asked what Ryan’s strategy is here, Paul told Breitbart News it makes no sense —  and that he believes that the Speaker is deliberately misleading President Trump into thinking he has more support for this bill than he has, and that its fate is not in crisis. Paul is confident that conservative House and Senate Republicans will stick together, defeat this bill, and then work with President Trump to separate repeal and replacement into different bills passed on the same day down the road. The fact that Paul is saying Ryan is misleading Trump is an explosive charge, but is backed by the evidence of widespread mistrust in the House GOP conference over this bill and Ryan’s waning influence as Speaker —  dislike of it extends far beyond the House Freedom Caucus, as Breitbart News can confirm. Paul told Breitbart News: I don’t think it makes any sense and I think he’s trying to pull the wool over the eyes of the president. I think when I’ve spoken with president Trump, I think he agrees with me that we should repeal and replace but I don’t think he’s stuck on that they have to be in the same bill necessarily. Paul Ryan, I think, is selling it to the White House and telling the White House, ‘Oh, it’s a piece of cake, it’s a done deal.’ And I don’t think that’s an accurate depiction of things. I think from the very beginning combining repeal and replace in one bill makes it very hard because we have different ideas on replace. We are pretty much united on repeal, but we have different ideas on replace. If the House leadership had come forward and talked to conservatives beforehand, I think they would have found out there is a lot of disagreement and they would have just passed what we already passed —  what everybody voted for —  and we also have a debate on the same day on a variety of replacement strategies. We still could do that. And I think if the House Freedom Caucus and the Senate conservatives stay together, I still think that that’s one possible outcome. It would be better for all of us if we separated it out with clean repeal and had replacement as a separate bill. Discussing my opposition to Obamacare Lite with @mboyle1 @BreitbartNews #cleanrepeal pic. twitter.   —   Senator Rand Paul (@RandPaul) March 8, 2017,  A senior congressional aide in a House Republican office whose member is not part of the House Freedom Caucus told Breitbart News his boss is also opposed to Ryan’s Obamacare 2. 0, and that there is much more widespread Republican opposition to Ryan’s plan than leadership originally expected. “I think you’re looking at 60 to 70 noes right now on the floor,” the aide told Breitbart News. “The phone lines have been blowing up with opposition to what they’re calling  . This is a hell of a Mexican standoff —  it’s Freedom Caucus versus Trump, and Ryan who I think is driving the process. Who blinks here? It’s bigger than the Freedom Caucus but the Freedom Caucus has planted their flag on this one. Who’s going to blink first?” A second GOP congressional aide in another   Freedom Caucus office told Breitbart News their boss is against it as well, and that Ryan has “way more than 70 not with him. ” These two offices and others that are not part of the Freedom Caucus but are opposed to the legislation told Breitbart News that the only reason they are not publicly coming out against the bill is because they do not wish to create more chaos around this legislation. If Ryan keeps doubling down, and forcing a vote on this, it will get worse, they say. A staffer in a third GOP office with a member not in the Freedom Caucus but opposed to the legislation even said staff is keeping the member off television to avoid getting connected to Ryan’s Obamacare 2. 0. These numbers show that the Speaker has a serious problem inside his conference and has not thought this through. Paul opened his exclusive interview in his U. S. Senate office in the Russell Senate Office Building by explaining exactly what is wrong with Ryan’s Obamacare bill, a bill he calls “Obamacare Lite. ” He said there are four major reasons that Ryan’s bill is wrong specifically that it creates an entitlement program, that it does not effectively handle Obamacare taxes and even keeps the Cadillac Tax indefinitely, the keeping of Obamacare’s individual mandate, and the keeping of Obamacare’s risk corridors —  but simply renaming them. Paul told Breitbart News: I think the reason why the House leadership bill is Obamacare Lite is because it retains subsidies. Obamacare had subsidies for people to buy insurance. In the Paul Ryan bill, they keep the subsidies —  they just call them refundable tax credits. Some people are predicting that it’s actually going to be more expensive than the subsidies we have under Obamacare. This isn’t you getting your own money back, this is you getting somebody else’s money. So, a family that makes $30, 000 a year could actually get $14, 000 that they didn’t pay. Let’s say they paid zero in income tax, they could get $14, 000 back. One, we don’t have the money —  it’s a new entitlement program and two, if you get $14, 000 back do you think the insurance company is ever going to sell insurance for less than $14, 000? That becomes the floor. So, it actually pushes insurance rates up —  it doesn’t allow insurance rates to fall. So, that doesn’t allow insurance rates to fall and it sets up a new entitlement. The second thing that Paul Ryan’s Obamacare Lite bill does is they keep the Obamacare taxes —  all of them —  for a year. And then after a year, they keep the Cadillac Tax forever. That’s the tax on if you have really good insurance, Obamacare taxes that. So will Paul Ryan’s plan. The third thing they do that is   is they keep the individual mandate. It seems like every Republican says they were against the individual mandate. That’s if you didn’t buy insurance you had to pay a penalty to the government, a tax. Obamacare Lite, Paul Ryan’s plan, just changes it so you have to pay a penalty to the insurance companies. I consider that to still be a mandate that isn’t consistent with those of us who want less government involvement. So they keep the subsidies, they keep the taxes, and then they keep the mandate. Then the fourth thing they do is they actually subsidize the insurance companies. Right now, insurance companies are losing money and Obamacare has this rescue thing called ‘risk corridors’ to bail out the insurance companies. Paul Ryan has got the same thing, he just calls it reinsurance and it’s $100 million worth. I predict that might not even be enough. So I don’t like any of it. Now, I do think we agree as Republicans on repeal. But I don’t think we agree on the replacement. That’s why I say we should separate them, vote on repeal and then vote the same day on a separate bill that’s called replace. Paul specifically told Breitbart News more about the argument that Ryan’s bill creates an additional entitlement program. He said that, while the House GOP leadership calls it a “refundable tax credit,” it functions in much the same way as Obamacare’s subsidies. Paul said: It’s called a refundable tax credit and I think it’s the same as subsidies. What it is is if you pay nothing in income tax, when you get to the end of the year and you didn’t owe anything in income tax, you can get up to $14, 000 back from the government. But the government doesn’t have any money. So it’s just like Obamacare, they put the subsidies at the federal government level. We’re actually $20 trillion in debt, we’re running a $500 billion deficit, we borrow a million dollars a minute. We don’t have any money to give anybody. So even if everybody said ‘oh we have to give people money and we should keep the Medicaid expansion and all that,’ someone should be honest about it and find where is the money going to come from. So, for example, that’s one of my complaints about Obamacare in general is that it’s a dishonest accounting. They said poor people need help. I agree. I want to help them by lowering the price of their insurance. But they said ‘no, no we want to give them dollars for Medicaid expansion and to buy insurance with subsidies.’ The problem is there is no money to give them so we just add to the deficit. The main thing driving the deficit up here are the entitlements. So I think Paul Ryan’s refundable tax credits are just a new entitlement program. Paul also said he believes the concern —  confirmed by Rep. Buddy Carter ( ) a proponent of Obamacare 2. 0, on Fox News’ Tucker Carlson Tonight on Tuesday evening —  that illegal aliens will have access to Medicaid funds under Ryan’s bill is in fact a “valid concern. ” “I think that is a concern —  a valid concern,” Paul told Breitbart News. “And I don’t think illegal immigrants —  nor do I think we should be admitting people and putting them on welfare. We have enough poor people in our country without importing more people from around the world onto welfare. ” When asked if it is too late for Ryan to withdraw this bill and approach repealing and replacing Obamacare in a manner Republicans campaigned on for years, rather than in this convoluted way, Paul said: “No, I don’t think so. ” And Paul believes that President Trump will be willing to bargain, given the fact that Ryan’s bill is unlikely to pass either chamber of Congress, according to many Republicans  . “President Trump has indicated look, his career in business has been about negotiating deals,” Paul said. “My guess is he realizes this is going to take some negotiation. He seems to be very open to hearing from conservatives. He’s been inviting my input and I’m aware he’s been inviting input from different members of the House Freedom Caucus as well. ” Paul also said that the goal here is not to kill any person’s bill or stop repeal of Obamacare —  and that Ryan’s recklessness jeopardizes GOP chances to repeal and replace Obamacare. “The goal is to get one that passes,” Paul said. “I think they’re going in the wrong direction, but I think a clean repeal could pass again. ” When asked if President Trump is more open to the withdrawing of the leadership bill for his suggested approach to repealing and replacing Obamacare, Paul told Breitbart News: “I think so. ” If Trump begins listening to conservatives, he argues, then he believes the president will change course and drop Ryan’s bill for one that has a better chance at success. Paul added: I think what has to happen, and this is just beginning is that conservatives need to get in front of the president. So far it’s been leadership, which are mostly the establishment Republicans. I just think he needs to hear from some conservatives and he will realize there are many different issues. I think he does realize there are many different issues and many different factions out there. It’s complicated. You got to get them all on one page for one bill. It happened 14 months ago, we all voted for clean repeal. So I think there’s at least some evidence people will vote for a clean repeal bill. Paul said that Republicans should pass a clean repeal bill and a replacement bill all on the same day, but he does not believe Ryan’s vision for Obamacare replacement is one that can gain widespread support inside the Republican Party. “Everybody wants repeal and that’s what I keep telling people,” Paul said. “We’re united on repeal, we’re just not united on the replacement part. To me, it makes evidently good sense to divide them, because I don’t think we’re coming to an agreement. If Paul Ryan were sitting right here with us, I don’t think we’d have an agreement on replace, nor do I think we will, because his ideas are Obamacare Lite and conservatives in this country just aren’t for that. ” Trump is reportedly heading to Kentucky this weekend as part of what seems to be a feckless effort to pressure Paul into backing down. It comes after Trump Tweeted at Paul on Tuesday evening. I feel sure that my friend @RandPaul will come along with the new and great health care program because he knows Obamacare is a disaster!  —   Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) March 8, 2017,  While Paul said he welcomes the president to Kentucky if he is indeed headed there, and that he supports the president on a number of fronts, he will not back down when it comes to battling Obamacare and fighting to repeal and replace the healthcare law. Paul told Breitbart News: We welcome the president to Kentucky. He’s very popular in Kentucky. And one of the reasons he’s very popular is he has said he will fight for the families who work in the coal mines. The first regulation we repealed was something that would have hurt our coal miners even more and I went to the White House and supported the president on that. I’ve supported the president on the overwhelmingly conservative cabinet that he’s put forward. I’ve supported the president on really, virtually every issue so far so I think we actually have a good relationship and I think there’s a possibility for continued negotiation with him. The grassroots Americans who propelled Trump into the White House after electing Paul to the U. S. Senate in 2010 and again in 2016 —  as well as powering GOP majorities in the House and Senate —  are with him and the conservatives, Paul said. The grassroots nationwide are not with Ryan and the leadership plan. He went on to say: I think this is big, and I think it becomes bigger over time as the more people hear about it and the more people begin to talk about it. When the Tea Party movement started back in 2009, we had hundreds of thousands of people showing up mostly unhappy with Obamacare. When they find out that the House leadership wants to keep part of Obamacare, they’re going to be livid. So every day they’re hearing about it and every day I think the voice is going to become stronger. But I still think there’s common ground. I think Republicans by and large have been for repeal. Let’s just do a repeal bill. ” And Paul is slightly shocked that Republicans have not thought this through more clearly when they have had seven years to get here. He said, “Some of us did think we had a thought through strategy because we voted on it 14 months ago. We thought we were going to get the same thing. And I think it would have been very easy for leadership on both sides —  House and Senate —  alright guys, men and women, we voted on this once and we’re going to do it again. Then we’ll come up with ideas for replacement strategies. I think in some ways they just got a little bit ahead of themselves by thinking ‘oh, we’ll just stick all these replacement ideas in the repeal package’ which would be fine if they were replacement strategies we all agree on like health savings accounts. We all agree on that. Stick that in there, I’m fine with that. Get rid of some of the regulations, I’m fine with that. But I’m just not fine with creating new government programs. And I don’t think conservatives are going to back down on this. Conservatives are going to say, look, if you guys want that I think it’s going to have to be a separate vote. ”",0
3780,WATCH: Trump Calls CNN Reporter “Rude” For Question About Trump Hotel,"WATCH: CNN Host Stuns Media, Says Clinton’s Team Thinks “She’s Nuts!” 
“So to people who say you’re taking time out of swing states to go do this, you say?” Bash asked Trump. 
“I say the following: You have been covering me for the last — long time,” Trump responded. “I did yesterday eight stops and three major speeches, and I’ve been doing this for weeks straight.” 
“For you to ask me that question is actually very insulting because Hillary Clinton does one stop and then she goes home and sleeps. And yet you’ll ask me that question. I think that’s a very rude question, to be honest with you.”   Dana Bash: Is your DC hotel opening free advertising?Donald Trump: “No, not at all” https://t.co/6OZtrfIwim https://t.co/9HHqooom8r 
— CNN Politics (@CNNPolitics) October 26, 2016 
Ouch. 
However, what Trump said was very true. Hillary Clinton’s time on the campaign trail has been, um, less than rigorous lately. She cancels rallies and barely draws anyone to the ones she holds.  ",0
3781,How to Spot (and Use) the Best Summer Squash - The New York Times,"Everyone at the market in New York has summer squash now, and most vegetable gardens are brimming with it. From my perspective  —   which is, admittedly, somewhat fanatic  —   what you want when it comes to summer squash are specimens that are neither too big nor too small. Very tiny baby squashes, packed for looks more than flavor, tend to be slightly bitter and less than juicy. Oversize squashes (the ones that triple in size when ignored for a day or two in the garden) are past their prime, best fed to the chickens or tossed on the compost pile. Look for signs that the squash has been freshly picked. The skin should be smooth and glistening, free of blemishes or brown spots. As for varieties, use whatever looks best. Zucchini, whether it’s green or yellow, should be a maximum of two inches in diameter. Striped,   pattypans should not exceed three inches across, or they are likely to be tough. The   green squash known as Ronde de Nice is better at the size of a golf ball by the time it reaches baseball size, it is apt to be spongy and seedy inside. For the first squash of the season, I like it best simmered briefly in a little water with a good knob of butter and showered with snipped dill weed, or sautéed gently in butter or oil and finished with a touch of garlic, chopped parsley and lemon zest. It’s also lovely sliced quite thinly with a mandoline and dressed, raw, with lemon juice, capers and olive oil, then left in the salad bowl until slightly wilted. This week, with more summer squash at hand, I imagined a curried zucchini dish made with coconut milk, and garnished with shellfish to make it a bit more substantial. Steamed mussels and rings of tender squid, or perhaps a few shrimp, I reckoned, would transform this spiced squash stew into a lovely summer meal. I had good results testing this theory and compliments from fellow diners. That, it seemed, would be that. Then I made a vegetarian version, and found I liked it just as well with the shellfish omitted. It wasn’t really ambivalence  —   both ways were equally delicious. So I named it Summer Squash Curry, Shellfish Optional. I’ll let you decide. Recipes: Summer Squash Curry, Shellfish Optional | More Squash Dishes",0
3782,Report: Only 7 out of 10 Air Force Planes Are Capable of Deployment - Breitbart,"A new report shows that only seven out of 10 of Air Force planes are in good enough condition to fly. [Official statistics say that three out of 10 aircraft in the Air Force fleet are not in commission because they are getting upgraded, undergoing maintenance, inspections, or   repair work, the Air Force Times reports.  The problem also shows no sign of slowing down. The   rate, or the way the Air Force measures how much its fleet is ready to fight or fly other measures, has been showing a steady decrease.   rates for Air Force helicopters and airplanes were at nearly 74 percent in 2014. In 2015, the rate dropped to 73 percent, and in 2016 the rate dropped to 72 percent. The reason for this decline in   aircraft is due to an aging Air Force fleet. Air Force leaders have said that the Air Force’s aging fleet and decline in readiness rates have been a problem for years. “Our highest investment priority is in improving readiness,” acting Air Force Secretary Lisa Disbrow said March 3 at the Air Force Association’s Air Warfare Symposium in Orlando, Florida. “The aircraft we have on the ramp are too old. We need to revitalize the fleet. ” The declining aircraft readiness rate can also be attributed to a shortage of experienced maintenance airmen to fix aircraft, although the Air Force wants to make its goal to eliminate that shortfall by the end of 2019. While the Air Force is dealing with an aging fleet on Earth, they are also training airmen for the possibility of war waged in space, Military. com reported.",0
3783,BREAKING : NEW POLL SHOWS THE MONSTER INDEPENDENT VOTE FOR TRUMP IS YUGE! – TruthFeed,"BREAKING : NEW POLL SHOWS THE MONSTER INDEPENDENT VOTE FOR TRUMP IS YUGE! BREAKING : NEW POLL SHOWS THE MONSTER INDEPENDENT VOTE FOR TRUMP IS YUGE! Breaking News By Amy Moreno October 28, 2016 
Whatever you do, do not believe the LYING North Korea-style, government-run propaganda media. 
They’re working for Hillary and telling you a crap-ton of LIES. 
Trump is winning and winning BIG. 
The MONSTER vote is alive and well and REARING IT’S BIG BEAUTIFUL HEAD in so many places. 
One significant place is the “independent” vote. 
Independents will decide this election. 
And they’re voting TRUMP according to the latest Fox poll. @mitchellvii Trump’s monster vote will be bigger than of Reagan’s because of Indies who are as big as Dem & rep combined pic.twitter.com/B1cpwetLyY 
— David Leifer  (@daveleifer) October 27, 2016 
Keep fighting! 
Share the America First message with everyone. 
This election is not about Democrat vs. Republicans – it’s Americans vs. GLOBALISTS. 
We need to take our country BACK and place AMERICANS FIRST. This is a movement – we are the political OUTSIDERS fighting against the FAILED GLOBAL ESTABLISHMENT! Join the resistance and help us fight to put America First! Amy Moreno is a Published Author , Pug Lover & Game of Thrones Nerd. You can follow her on Twitter here and Facebook here . Support the Trump Movement and help us fight Liberal Media Bias. Please LIKE and SHARE this story on Facebook or Twitter. ",0
3785,Let’s Be Clear – A Vote For Warmonger Hillary Clinton Is A Vote For World War 3,"Let’s Be Clear – A Vote For Warmonger Hillary Clinton Is A Vote For World War 3   
By Michael Snyder 
If you want to see war without end, vote for Hillary Clinton. It is tremendously ironic that Hillary Clinton and the mainstream media have attempted to portray Donald Trump as “dangerous” and “temperamental”, because it is Clinton that actually has a long history of being emotionally unstable. She has a temper that is absolutely legendary, and she has been cussing out the men and women in her security detail for decades . Hillary Clinton played a key role in starting the civil war in Syria, thanks to her Libya is a post-apocalyptic wasteland today, and now she is picking a fight with the Russians before she has even won the election. Of all the candidates there were running for president this election cycle, there was nobody that was even close to as dangerous as Hillary Clinton, and if she wins the election I am fully convinced that World War 3 will begin before her time in the White House is over. 
Someone that shares this opinion with me is Donald Trump. According to Reuters , Trump recently stated that we are “going to end up in World War Three over Syria if we listen to Hillary Clinton”… 
On Syria’s civil war, Trump said Clinton could drag the United States into a world war with a more aggressive posture toward resolving the conflict. 
Clinton has called for the establishment of a no-fly zone and “safe zones” on the ground to protect non-combatants. Some analysts fear that protecting those zones could bring the United States into direct conflict with Russian fighter jets. 
“What we should do is focus on ISIS. We should not be focusing on Syria,” said Trump as he dined on fried eggs and sausage at his Trump National Doral golf resort. “You’re going to end up in World War Three over Syria if we listen to Hillary Clinton.” 
In order to have a no-fly zone in Syria, you would have to enforce it. 
And in order to enforce it, you would have to be willing to shoot at the Russians. 
According to National Intelligence Director James Clapper , that could have dire consequences… 
Russia could shoot down a U.S. aircraft if a no-fly zone were imposed over Syria, National Intelligence Director James Clapper said Tuesday. 
“I wouldn’t put it past them to shoot down an American aircraft if they felt that was threatening to their forces on the ground,” Clapper said, speaking with CBS’ Charlie Rose at the Council on Foreign Relations in New York about several national security issues. 
Of course Clapper is not alone in that assessment. The Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff, General Joseph Francis Dunford, says that imposing a no-fly zone over all of Syria “would require us to go to war” … 
“Right now, Senator, for us to control all of the airspace in Syria it would require us to go to war, against Syria and Russia,… That’s a pretty fundamental decision that certainly I’m not going to make.” ( Senate Armed Services Committee, September 22, 2016, emphasis added) 
But Hillary Clinton is unwavering in her position that this is what she wants. 
You see, the truth is that Hillary Clinton wants to win the war that she started in Syria. Back in 2011, she spearheaded an effort along with Saudi Arabia and Turkey to try to use the Arab Spring uprisings in the Middle East as an opportunity to try to overthrow President Assad in Syria. If it wasn’t for her meddling, millions of refugees would not be pouring into Europe and elsewhere, and there would be no “humanitarian crisis” in Syria at all. 
Thanks to Russian intervention, the war in Syria is not too far from being over, but the Obama administration is desperate to keep it going. They understand that if Assad is victorious that all of their efforts for the last five years have been wasted, and that is why they are so determined to keep Aleppo from falling. Without Aleppo, many of the jihadist rebels that the Obama administration has been supporting won’t have anywhere to hide. 
So the Obama administration has actually been considering direct strikes against the Syrian military, and the Russians have already said that they will not allow this to happen . If Obama is insane enough to order airstrikes against Syrian forces and the Russians start shooting back, that could set off a chain of events that could rapidly spiral completely out of control. 
One recent survey found that current American leadership has a 1 percent approval rating in Russia right now, and the Russians dislike Hillary Clinton even more than they dislike Barack Obama. The Russians know that if Hillary Clinton is elected that it is quite likely that they will have to fight a war with us, and that is why they desperately want Donald Trump to win in November. You can see this outlook reflected in comments that Russian President Vladimir Putin recently made about the two candidates … 
“Mrs. Clinton has chosen to take up a very aggressive stance against our country, against Russia. Mr. Trump, on the other hand, calls for cooperation – at least when it comes to the international fight against terrorism,” Putin said. 
“Naturally we welcome those who would like to cooperate with us. And we consider it wrong, that we always have to be in conflict with one another, creating existential threats for each other and for the whole world,” Putin noted. 
Anyone that watched the three presidential debates could see that Hillary Clinton is absolutely seething with animosity for Russia. The thought of her finger on the nuclear trigger is almost too terrible to contemplate, but it may soon become a reality. 
And even now, the Obama administration and our NATO allies are shifting forces into position for a confrontation with Moscow. This week it is being reported that NATO troops will soon be sent to Poland, Estonia, Latvia and Lithuania … Nine hundred US troops are to be sent to eastern Europe next year as America’s troubled relationship with Russia enters new, uncertain territory. A US-led battle group of NATO allied soldiers will be sent to Poland as part of the multi-nation operation. British forces will lead one of the four battle groups in Estonia, Canada will spearhead the presence in Latvia and Germany will be present in Lithuania. 
In addition, Infowars is reporting that U.S. Marines will soon be stationed in Norway near the border with Russia… 
After accepting a Pentagon proposal, Norway will host US Marines at a base near the Russian border as Russia deploys nuclear-capable ships to Kaliningrad. 
A rotating force of approximately 330 Marines will be stationed at an airfield in the city of Vaernes, just outside Trondheim, beginning in January. Norway and Russia share an 122-mile border in the Arctic. 
“The US initiative to augment their training and exercises in Norway by locating a Marine Corps Rotational Force in Norway is highly welcome and will have positive implications for our already strong bilateral relationship,” said Norwegian Defense Minister Ine Eriksen Søreide. 
Most Americans aren’t aware of any of this, nor do they really care about our relationship with Russia. 
But in Russia things are completely different. The possibility of war with the United States is the biggest news story over there these days , and feverish preparations are being made for a potential nuclear confrontation … 
Russian authorities have stepped up nuclear-war survival measures amid a showdown with Washington, dusting off Soviet-era civil-defense plans and upgrading bomb shelters in the biggest cities. 
At the Kremlin’s Ministry of Emergency Situations, the Cold War is back. 
The country recently held its biggest civil defense drills since the collapse of the U.S.S.R., with what officials said were 40 million people rehearsing a response to chemical and nuclear threats. 
I know that I have been writing about this over and over , but the truth is that we are on a path to war with Russia, and the election of Hillary Clinton would greatly accelerate the march toward war. 
In my controversial new book , I expressed my belief that war with Russia is coming, but at the time that I wrote it I didn’t know how the election would turn out. 
At this point it looks like Clinton is very likely to win on November 8th, and that would be absolutely disastrous for our relationship with Russia. 
If you are reading this and you are considering voting for Hillary Clinton, please don’t do it . We simply cannot afford to have an emotionally unstable warmonger with a violent temper in the White House at this critical time. 
If the American people do choose Hillary Clinton this November, I believe that it will be a choice that they will bitterly, bitterly regret in future years.",0
3786,In Consideration of the Supreme Importance of Love,"By Les Visible on November 4, 2016 Visible Origami — Nov 4, 2016 Dog Poet Transmitting……. Welcome to Origami my dear friends. This is the number 779 posting at this blog. I don’t know what that means but it’s a lot of posts. We hope that some of them will have been of value to you. We like to talk about Love a great deal here. We spent decades studying in the Hermetic and Occult Sciences where abstruse concepts and complex schematics are the general nature of the various systems that exist in these areas of inquiry. I used to have some facility with them. I could talk about them in a knowledgeable way. Whether I actually had any real and useful knowledge is another thing. At least I could talk about these subjects as if I knew what I was talking about. Time went by and it became more and more apparent to me that knowing a great deal about certain subjects did not necessarily convey a power of operation in them. I studied palmistry for some time. I knew what all the lines and mounts, digits and bracelets and sundry meant. I knew which hand meant whatever it meant in relation to the other hand but… what I did not have was the single most important element. I did not have the intuitive feed. I studied the Tarot and esoteric astrology and various systems of mind control that hearkened back to earlier times. I studied a lot of things because I had a real thirst for arcane information but I lacked the intuitive feel in all of them except esoteric astrology and in the matter of the Tarot I did have some amount of facility in the areas where fortune telling was not a consideration. I always felt that using the Tarot for fortune telling was unfortunate behavior. Not only did it make you dependent on a method that, except in very rare circumstances, proved to be both deceptive and inefficient but… why seek to read the future when you could change the future? Meditation on the Tarot archetypes will transform your mental state and the very construction of it. This meditation will awaken the archetypes in you so that they resonate in your being with the world external to you. This doesn’t mean difficult conditions will not come upon you. What it means is that you will be on a shorter and faster track to illumination of some kind; we won’t be going into that today. I studied and I studied and I studied and I learned to parse and debate and state, within the parameters of the science and even in a comparative sense with other sciences but I didn’t know anything of value in the sense that I could apply what I had learned to real time accomplishments and achievements in the manifest in a supernatural manner. Sure, this kind of thing happens on a regular basis in my life but not because I have anything to do with it. All of this takes me back to the words of The Preacher in Ecclesiastes; “vanity, all is vanity,” and “there is nothing new under the sun.” It has taken me more years than I wish it had, to learn that only Love is worth the pursuit of it and the Love of the Ineffable is the greatest Love of all. Nothing that I have learned in all of the mystery sciences is the equal of this understanding, nor do any of them have anywhere near the value of it. Here is what I have learned, Love God. I am not speaking in a religions sense because in these times you can’t swing a dead cat in a condo closet without hitting a false prophet. False prophets come in all sizes. They are not all the equal of the Anti-Christ, whoever that might be, like The Pasto and the Anti-Pasto. A false prophet is anyone who manipulates the emotional and mental bodies of their fellows for personal gain, even if that gain is only influence, influence of this kind usually transforms into personal profit on some level. It might be material gain. It might be sexual favors. It might be psychopathic gratification of some kind and it can take place in a small country church just as easily as in a mega church or a massive television ministry. The Aquarian Age is upon us and as a result, all of the long entrenched and much- changed over time- religions are on their way out. The collective faith of humanity is being shaken to its roots and the old ways are passing away. This does not mean that the true teachings of the true teachers will pass away but they will be presented in a new light that is relative to the needs of a new age. The Aquarian Age is supposed to be The Age of Brotherhood and that tells me that the avatar will appear in the collective human heart, where a place has been prepared for it. It will not appear where the false self is occupying the space necessary for the indwelling divine to reside. One does not need to be a follower or practitioner of any particular dogma or form of ritual. One needs only to Love the divine who is one’s own higher self and the reason for this is that that higher self will draw our true self up into its aura of influence, or rather reveal itself to is as our true self. We are all divinity in the process of discovery and unfoldment and Love is the means and the mechanism that can accomplish this. As we reject and expel all of what is false and extraneous in ourselves, we make room for the indwelling divine. Once we have driven all of it out of ourselves, the divine will come forth in our hearts and reign over all things from the throne room within. I have no further use or need for occult information. I am not in the market for anything that is on the market. I can be very glib about some of these things because of a very good memory and an analytic mind that has not lost its objectivity and which doesn’t play favorites in terms of what I want people to think, that is their area of authority and has nothing to do with me but… all the glibness and capacity for articulation in the world is not going to serve the deeper needs of humanity. It might gain you followers and it might get you on some talk circuit and book signing tours and you can lecture to your heart’s content at New Age conventions and seminars and you’ll just be one more Tom Fool among all the rest of the Gleem smiling androids, who pander to the gullible the world over. It will, guaranteed, also get you in the kind of trouble for which I will run long distances to avoid. Put yourself on a pedestal or allow others to do it for you and you might as well paint a target on your back at the same time. The divine and his angels and emissaries see all of this. They see every montebank and charlatan. They see into every sincere and corrupt heart and judgments are passed concerning what phases and states you will be taken through to wake you the Hell up. I would prefer to sidestep the hard massage of Karma upon my being. Love the ineffable and everything else will take care of itself. Love the ineffable with all the intensity that you can muster and your intensity will grow and grow; “success is speedy for the energetic.” God is watching. We need to get into a fluid and continuous mindset of certitude concerning this. We need to remind ourselves through every day that God is watching. God is looking at the world through our very own eyes. We may have convinced ourselves that we alone are seeing and that we alone have access to our mind and heart but this is assuredly not the case. God is everywhere, after one fashion or another. When one has brought their heart and mind to the assurance of the endless presence of God in our being and all around us and yet magically and mystically apart as well, then we will begin to resonate with that ubiquitous presence and it will move through us in an active expression of itself. There was a saint, named St Denis , who is the patron saint of Paris. They cut off his head and he picked it up and put it under his arm and walked off with it. Do I believe this happened in the exact details given? I don’t know. What I do know is that there have been many similar stories. One similar is to be found in Autobiography of a Yogi. Look into the tales that are recorded concerning Appolonius of Tyana (the links will take you to a fuller study of his life) and many, many another unusual character, who has walked among us here over the ages. Some of them had a vast reservoir of occult knowledge and some of them were in possession of divine Love. Some had both. I would prefer to be one of those who carries the love of God in my heart and I want for nothing more. I don’t need to know all of these complexities and these complexities go on and on forever. There are just so many of them. If you have ever looked into Tantra then you have some idea of how intricate the complexities can be. I am not equal to the possession of such information. As fine a mind as I have I am a simple fellow and I can get into trouble very quickly when I get out of my depth and I have no desire to test those waters. So I say to you all, seek the source of all knowledge worth having. Seek the reservoir of immeasurable Love. Seek the source of every good and righteous thing and Love it with all the force that is possible for you and anything you do need to know will be given to you at the time you need it. “Seek ye first the kingdom of God and his righteousness and all else will be added unto you.” End Transmission…….",0
3787,Raqqa/Mosul: Politicians Fiddle As Middle East Burns,"Written by Daniel McAdams   While Americans were obsessing about tomorrow's election, the Obama Administration launched a serious military escalation in Syria. US Special Forces on the ground and jet fighters in the air are deployed in an operation to take Raqqa from ISIS control. Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff, General Dunford announced over the weekend that the US and Turkey agreed on a long-term plan for ""seizing, holding and governing"" the Syrian city. Is this the beginning of a US-recognized rival Syrian government, as Benghazi was in Libya? We discuss in today's Liberty Report: Copyright © 2016 by RonPaul Institute. Permission to reprint in whole or in part is gladly granted, provided full credit and a live link are given.",0
3788,"Donald Trump’s Secret Weapon: Letters of Love, Flattery and Revenge - The New York Times","In one letter, Donald J. Trump ranted about the crisis of unsightly hot dog vendors on his beloved Fifth Avenue. “Having ketchup and mustard splattered all over the sidewalk,” he wrote, “is disgraceful. ” In another note, he paid flowery tribute to his young wife, whom he referred to as “my little darling. ” “You’re everything I hoped for,” he wrote. In a different missive, he offered a rare admission of weakness, declaring, “I am nothing more than a frustrated writer of little talent. ” Mr. Trump, the presumptive Republican presidential nominee, is a master of modern media, exploiting Twitter and television to punish his enemies, energize his allies and promote himself. But perhaps his most powerful and memorable form of communication is the   ritual of a personal letter, written on embossed paper or scrawled across a newspaper clipping, signed by hand and sent from the 26th floor of Trump Tower. Churned out prolifically from a   desk, they are letters of gratitude, hate, flattery and revenge, dispatched to teenage admirers and   mayors, professional athletes and magazine editors. The tone can range from florid to juvenile, pleading to poisonous. Tightly clutched and prominently displayed even by those who despise him, the epistles have become keepsakes and mementos for hundreds of people across the country. Viewed as a collection from the 1970s to now, they offer an unusual archive of his emotional ups and downs. The 2009 letter that Mr. Trump sent to Mike Tollin, a movie director, makes for painful reading: It denounced a film by Mr. Tollin that explored Mr. Trump’s role in the collapse of a football league as “third rate” and “extremely dishonest. ” In a fulminating flourish, Mr. Trump wrote: “P. S. You are a loser. ” Nevertheless, Mr. Tollin had the letter framed and he keeps it on a shelf in his office, next to photographs of his family. “People come by and immediately want to see it, touch it and hold it,” Mr. Tollin said with pride. Today, as Mr. Trump tries to make peace with hostile figures in his party, the candidate renowned for his rhetorical flame throwing is deploying a conciliatory style of letter writing as his chief weapon. His handwritten overtures have started to arrive in the mailboxes of seemingly implacable foes, like Charlie Sykes, a conservative radio host in Milwaukee, who has described Mr. Trump as a “whiny,   bully. ” “Charlie,” began Mr. Trump’s note, scribbled with a thick black pen on the front page of The New York Times, next to an article about skeptical Republicans warming to Mr. Trump, “I hope you can change your mind. ” Ever attuned to incentives, the real estate mogul dangled an offer: “Look forward to doing your show,” he wrote, adding, “I will win!” It did not change Mr. Sykes’s dim view of Mr. Trump. But he was, he conceded, impressed by the gesture. “Give him credit that he’s doing this,” Mr. Sykes said. “He’s willing to do some things that might be somewhat at odds with his public image. ” The letters  —   culled from personal and public archives  —   reveal Mr. Trump’s insecurities, but also his perceptiveness about power, ego and what motivates people. From early on, he seemed to intuitively grasp the potency of his praise when lavished on   men. In the 1990s, Mr. Trump occasionally fawned over New York’s brash mayor, Rudolph W. Giuliani. In one letter, Mr. Trump tore out a page from a magazine interview in which he had called Mr. Giuliani “the greatest mayor that the city’s ever had. ” In case Mr. Giuliani missed the homage, Mr. Trump drew two bold arrows, each pointing at the glowing passage, and reiterated the message in a handwritten note: “Rudy, you are the greatest!” he wrote, adding, “see you soon. ” There is never any question about authorship: Mr. Trump’s style of writing sounds virtually identical to his hyperbolic manner of speech, with a healthy sprinkling of the words “great” and “tremendous,” abundant displays of   and    claims of success or doom. In a 1985 letter to Mayor Edward I. Koch, Mr. Trump predicted New York City’s imminent downfall if a fellow real estate developer, Arthur E. Imperatore Sr. were allowed to start a ferry service between New Jersey and Manhattan. “Real estate values and taxes in New York would plummet,” Mr. Trump prognosticated darkly. “Why would anyone want to live or shop in New York?” (Mr. Imperatore started the ferry service without destroying New York’s economy.) As a writer, Mr. Trump sometimes reached, awkwardly but earnestly, for eloquence. In a 1983 letter to A. M. Rosenthal, then the executive editor of The Times and a lunch companion, Mr. Trump turned poetic as he tried to capture his reaction to an article that Mr. Rosenthal had written about returning to  Poland for the first time in decades. “It is moving it is sad it is hopeful (?) it is devastating,” Mr. Trump wrote, saying that his wife at the time, Ivana, who grew up in Eastern Europe, agreed. “It truly captured the strength, the will and the soul of the Polish people,” Mr. Trump wrote. He could write with striking tenderness to Ivana, according to notes reviewed by The Times. “I adore and love my little darling,” he wrote to her in one. “I truly believe that you are the greatest,” he wrote in another. On the page, anyway, Mr. Trump was even capable of humility, describing himself as a scribe of “little talent” in a 1985 note to Arthur Ochs Sulzberger, then the publisher of The Times. (Mr. Trump had an agenda: to complain about a reporter he disliked.) Mr. Trump traces his epistolary habits to his attempt to win over Franklin M. Jarman, who controlled a Manhattan department store that Mr. Trump wanted to buy in the 1970s to make way for Trump Tower. Mr. Jarman rarely replied to Mr. Trump’s letters, but he had, in fact, read them, Mr. Trump wrote in his book “The Art of the Deal,” laying the groundwork for an agreement. “The letters I wrote eventually did have an impact,” Mr. Trump said. For years, Mr. Trump sent his letters the   way, by mail. But over time, members of his staff dragged him into the internet era  —   sort of. He still writes by hand, brandishing the favored tool of teachers’ corrections and athletes’ autographs, a black Sharpie. Now his aides often turn the letters into digital files, scanning them and sending them by email. But he refuses to let anyone else do the writing. “If I had a secretary to do them,” he said in an interview, “they wouldn’t be nearly as effective, they wouldn’t be nearly as sharp. ” Each letter concludes with his extravagant signature, which resembles a city skyline or “a seismograph,” as Graydon Carter, the editor of Vanity Fair and a repeat recipient of Mr. Trump’s screeds, described it. Many of his letters targeted the famous and credentialed, but from time to time they reached the little known and uninfluential. Mr. Trump penned a letter of encouragement in 2014 to an    student in Texas, John Russell Niederer, who had expressed a desire to meet him. “Work hard and be smart,” Mr. Trump told him. The letter now hangs on Mr. Niederer’s bedroom wall. “For him to take the time to send a message to somebody like me,” he said, “was really, really cool. ” A vindictive side is never far from view in Mr. Trump’s correspondence. After the basketball legend Kareem   wrote a critical essay in The Washington Post about Mr. Trump’s candidacy, Mr. Trump sent him a copy of the essay with a biting message sprawled across it. “Now I know why the press always treated you so badly  —   they couldn’t stand you,” Mr. Trump wrote. “The fact is that you don’t have a clue about life and what has to be done to make America great again!” Mr.   said he was flabbergasted. “It was such a petty and childish reaction, like a teenage boy responding to being turned down for a date by whining, ‘Well, nobody likes you!’ ” he said. He likened Mr. Trump’s decision to write his reply on the original article to “a dog urinating on a tree to mark its territory. ” Mr.   had to get rid of the letter. “I crumpled it up real nice and tight and skyhooked it into my wastepaper basket,” he recalled, invoking his trademark shot. Others cannot let go. “I’m definitely going to keep it,” Mr. Sykes, the radio host, said of his letter. “Probably in a desk drawer. ”",0
3789,McCain: Rand Is ’Working for Vladimir Putin’ - Breitbart,"Editor’s Note: Sen. Rand Paul responded to McCain’s comments after publication of this piece. See below.]  During a speech on the Senate floor on Wednesday, Senator John McCain ( ) stated that Senator Rand Paul ( ) is “achieving the objectives of” and “working for” Vladimir Putin after Paul objected to a unanimous consent motion to advance a bill to advance Montenegro’s bid to join NATO. McCain said, “If there is objection, you are achieving the objectives of Vladimir Putin. You’re achieving the objectives of trying to dismember this small country that has already been the subject of [an] attempted coup. I have no idea why anyone would object to this, except that I will say, if they object, they are now carrying out the desires and ambitions of Vladimir Putin, and I do not say that lightly. ” McCain then asked for unanimous consent to advance the bill, which Paul objected to. McCain then stated, “I note the senator from Kentucky leaving the floor without justification, or rather  —   or any rationale for the action that he has just taken. That is really remarkable, that a senator, blocking a treaty, that is supported by the overwhelming number, perhaps 98, at least, of his colleagues, would come to the floor, and object, and walk away, and walk away. The only conclusion you can draw, when he walks away, is he has no argument to be made. He has no justification, for his objection to having a small nation be part of NATO that is under assault from the Russians. So I repeat again, the senator from Kentucky is now working for Vladimir Putin. ” (  Daily Beast) Follow Ian Hanchett on Twitter @IanHanchett, UPDATE: On Thursday, Paul’s office reached out to Breitbart asking to include the Kentucky Republican’s reaction to McCain:",0
3790,Sometimes Bill and Hillary Clinton Have the Worst Judgment - Wikileaks,"
In the aftermath of one of the most memorable (c)october shocks in presidential campaign history, Wikileaks continues its ongoing broadside attack against the Clinton campaign with the relentless Podesta dump, by unveiling another 596 emails in the latest Part 22 of its Podesta release, bringing the total emails released so far to exactly 36,190, leaving less than 30% of the total dump left to go.
As usual we will go parse through the disclosure and bring you some of the more notable ones.
* * *
In a February 2012 email from Chelsea Clinton’s NYU alias, aj66@nyu.edu, to Podesta and Mills, Bill and Hillary’s frustrated daughter once again points out the “frustration and confusion” among Clinton Foundation clients in the aftermath of the previously noted scandals plaguing the Clinton consultancy, Teneo:
Over the past few days a few people from the Foundation have reached out to me frustrated or upset about (fill in the blank largely derived meetings Friday or Monday). I’ve responded to all w/ essentially the following (ie disintermediating myself, again, emphatically) below. I also called my Dad last night to tell him of my explicit non-involvement and pushing all back to you both and to him as I think that is indeed the right answer. Thanks
Sample: Please share any and all concerns, with examples, without pulling punches, with John and Cheryl as appropriate and also if you feel very strongly with my Dad directly. Transitions are always challenging and to get to the right answer its critical that voices are heard and understood, and in the most direct way – ie to them without intermediation. Particularly in an effort to move more toward a professionalism and efficiency at the Foundation and for my father – and they’re the decision-makers, my Dad most of all.
A February 2015 email from Neera Tanden lashes out at David Brock of the Bonner Group, profiled in this post: “ Money Laundering Scheme Exposed: 14 Pro-Clinton Super PACs & Non-Profits Implicated. ” As a reminder, the Bonner Group, as we showed last month, may be a money laundering front involving various SuperPACs and non-profit institutions:

In the email Tanden says that:
“Brock/Bonner are a nightmare: Really, Suzie Buell isn’t giving to the superpac? I wonder how that got in this story “ Big donors holding off making pledges to pro-Hillary Clinton super PAC “,
and concludes by saying that “ Sometimes HRC/WJC have the worst judgement. ”

In retrospect, she is right.
* * *
Speaking of “donor advisor” Mary Pat Bonner , the following email from March 2009 hints at potential impropriety in shifting money from one democratic donor group to another, the Center for American Progress :
I have moved all the sussman money from unity ’09 to cap and am reviewing the others. I will assess it and keep you informed
Something else for the DOJ to look into after the elections, perhaps?
* * *
And then there is this email from August 2015 in which German politician Michael Werz advises John Podesta that Turkish president Erdogan “is making substantial investments in U.S. to counter opposition (CHP, Kurds, Gulenists etc.) outreach to policymakers” and the US Government.
John, heard this second hand but more than once. Seems Erdogan faction is making substantial investments in U.S. to counter opposition (CHP, Kurds, Gulenists etc.) outreach to policymakers and USG. Am told that the Erdogan crew also tries to make inroads via donations to Democratic candidates, including yours. Two names that you should be aware of are *Mehmet Celebi* and *Ali Cinar*. Happy to elaborate on the phone, provided you are not shopping at the liquor store.
The email :

This should perhaps explain why the US has so far done absolutely nothing to halt Erdogan’s unprecedented crackdown on “coup plotters” which has seen as many as 100,000 workers lose their jobs, be arrested, or otherwise removed from Erdogan’s political opposition.
Source 
",0
3791,Clinton Campaign Illegally Pay Halfway House Patients $300 To Vote,"Posted on October 29, 2016 by Baxter Dmitry in News , US // 0 Comments 
A Californian man caught on camera today has exposed a plot to convince halfway house residents to vote for Hillary Clinton – in return for a $300 rebate check. 
Asked why he won’t vote for Donald Trump, the man replies that “Hillary will give you a rebate check for $300.” Recommended 
Barack Obama has been accused of using the Department of Justice (DOJ) to illegally funnel money into left-wing groups such as the Clinton Campaign. (3 hours ago) 
His interviewer asks, “That’s if you have SSI? Who told you she gives you the rebate?” 
The man then claims that the manager of his boarding care told him. 
How will Hillary’s army of Correct The Record trolls try and cover this one up? 
If you are in California and know of any instances of voter fraud or bribery, you can fill out a complaint form here .",0
3792,Member Charged in Arson of Black Church With ‘Vote Trump’ Scrawled on Side - The New York Times,"The authorities charged a man on Wednesday with setting fire last month to a predominantly   church in Greenville, Miss. where “Vote Trump” was found   on the side of the building. The man, Andrew McClinton, 45, of Leland, Miss. was charged with arson of a place of worship in the first degree, a felony, Warren Strain, a spokesman for the Mississippi Department of Public Safety, said in an interview on Wednesday. Mr. McClinton, who is black, was a member of the church, Hopewell Missionary Baptist, at the time of the fire on Nov. 1, Mr. Strain said. The church sanctuary was heavily damaged by heat, fire and smoke. The   church has been a fixture for more than 110 years in Greenville, a Mississippi Delta city of about 32, 000 that is around 120 miles north of Jackson, Miss. Mr. McClinton appeared voluntarily at the Greenville Police Department, where he made statements that implicated him in the crime on Wednesday, Mr. Strain said. He did not have a lawyer as of Wednesday night and was to make his first court appearance on Thursday. Noting that the investigation was continuing, Mr. Strain declined to discuss a possible motive for the arson or how investigators linked him to it. The fire was set a week before Election Day, but a state official said the authorities did not believe it was motivated by politics. “There may have been some efforts to make it appear politically motivated,” Mike Chaney, who is the Mississippi insurance commissioner and the state fire marshal, told The Associated Press. Firefighters responding to a call around 9:15 p. m. Nov. 1 found the church engulfed in flames. It took about an hour to extinguish the fire. No one was injured. Officials from the church could not be immediately reached on Wednesday. After the fire, Hopewell congregants began worshiping at the First Baptist Church of Greenville, a predominantly white congregation. The bishop at Hopewell, Clarence Green, said last month that the generosity of First Baptist demonstrated that “unlimited love” transcended social barriers.",0
3793,Crude Drops 10 Percent; Price Decline Just Beginning,"Email 
Midday last Thursday, the price of crude oil for delivery in December touched $50, and it’s been all downhill since then. At noon on Wednesday crude oil futures touched $45 a barrel on news that inventories soared last week by the most in 34 years. 
The market wasn’t expecting that. It was bad enough that the American Petroleum Institute (API) reported a supply increase nine times greater than analysts and observers were expecting last week. Those market seers were betting on an increase of a million barrels. Instead the API reported the increase was 9.3 million — a miss of gigantic proportions. 
On Wednesday, however, the Energy Information Administration (EIA) reported that the API’s estimate was far too low: Inventories last week jumped by 14.4 million barrels, forcing one of those observers, Bob Yawger, director of the futures division of Mizuho Securities USA, to exclaim: “You could easily make the argument that [the EIA report is] the most bearish ... of all time.” He added, “There’s nothing to support the market.” 
The futures market is driven by expectations. Ever since OPEC promised in September that it would have a working plan in place by November to cut production in order to “balance” the market, crude oil futures have slowly inched up. The market managed to resist the temptation to sell off on news that the rig count in the United States was increasing, that the majors were increasing their capital expenditures for 2017, and that DUCs (wells developed but not completed) were coming into production. 
What it couldn’t do was shrug off the news that Goldman Sachs, in a private memo to its customers (and revealed to Irina Slav at OilPrice.com), suggests that oil is headed for $40 a barrel: ""The lack of progress on implementing production quotas and the growing discord between OPEC producers suggests a declining probability of reaching a deal on November 30."" 
This is the same company that “suggested” that oil could drop into the 20s late last year, which it did, touching $26 a barrel in February before rebounding. 
On top of that was the distressing news — at least to those banking on higher prices and betting on that outcome — that U.S. refiners are operating at only 85 percent of capacity, especially at a time when increased demands over the holidays would usually drive prices higher. 
Add to that the news that OPEC members, while meeting privately to hammer together some sort of deal to cut — or at least freeze — production, are increasing production at the same time. Iran is exempted from any participation in the proposed cuts, and is raising its production back to pre-sanction levels as quickly as it can; Iraq is demanding the same exemption as Iran, claiming that it needs increased revenues to fight ISIS; Russia is going its own way as it isn’t a member of the cartel; and Libya and Nigeria are merrily ignoring the charade, adding another 800,000 barrels to global supply last month. 
The so-called “balance” of the oil markets between supply and demand is many months off, while the futures market is likely to continue its breathtaking selloff to $40 and perhaps even lower. 

An Ivy League graduate and former investment advisor, Bob is a regular contributor to The New American magazine and blogs frequently at LightFromTheRight.com, primarily on economics and politics. He can be reached at This email address is being protected from spambots. You need JavaScript enabled to view it. . Please review our Comment Policy before posting a comment 
Thank you for joining the discussion at The New American. We value our readers and encourage their participation, but in order to ensure a positive experience for our readership, we have a few guidelines for commenting on articles. If your post does not follow our policy, it will be deleted. 
No profanity, racial slurs, direct threats, or threatening language. 
No product advertisements. 
Please post comments in English. 
Please keep your comments on topic with the article. If you wish to comment on another subject, you may search for a relevant article and join or start a discussion there.",0
3794,Twitter India suspends account that hadn’t posted even one tweet on demonetisation,"Twitter India suspends account that hadn’t posted even one tweet on demonetisation Posted on Tweet 
Twitter India has suspended an account for violating its terms of use. The decision was taken by the social networking company after it couldn’t find a single tweet on demonetization from the handle. 
Ever since the government has imposed a ban on currency notes of higher denomination, every single individual has tweeted about how it’s going to impact our economy. Some tweeted in favor of the decision while the rest criticized it. But strangely, the user of the suspicious account did not tweet anything on the burning issue. A further probe revealed that the same user avoided other issues in the past as well, like intolerance, odd-even formula, or even porn ban when the whole nation came together as one to protest against the ban. Twitter had no option but to label this account as a bot and delete it. 
Speaking to The Unreal Times , Rajesh Bhalla, the owner of the account, said, “I did not realize a little negligence on my part would cost me my account.” 
“But why did you do this? You had a Twitter account for heaven’s sake! As a responsible citizen you should’ve voiced your opinion. Why do we have Twitter accounts for?” we sought a clarification from the offender. 
“I don’t know. I don’t have much knowledge of Indian economy.” 
“You don’t have to be an economist to understand if the bank queues are long. Many explained the long-term impacts of demonetization on our GDP with graphs and pie-charts, including those who write movie reviews. You could’ve at least tweeted about your own experience, or just retweeted a random tweet of Arvind Kejriwal, because that’s all he has been tweeting about for the past few days.” 
“Yes but I don’t follow politicians.” 
“What! Whom do you follow then? Barkha Dutt, Rajdeep Sardesai, Sagarika Ghose?” 
“No, Salman Khan, Virat Kohli,…” 
“Oh, so you retweet ‘Hi’ while completely ignoring the intellectuals on Twitter who enlighten us on larger issue.” 
“Like?” 
“Like…umm, why Hindu festivals are better than Muslim festivals or vice versa.” 
“Oh ok.” 
“So what would you do without a Twitter account now? Your life is over.” 
“Don’t know. Maybe I will go home and watch Bigg Boss.” 
“Shame! You are a disgrace to the nation. Go and watch your stupid reality show.” 
“Ok, can I go now? The show will start in half an hour.” 
“Goodness gracious, really? Let me get home right away!” 
Meanwhile, the incident has shaken Twitter India and it has now decided to periodically review accounts using human judgment and technology. Sources revealed that it will suspend more accounts on similar grounds in future.",0
3795,Cop Crashes Car And Runs Away When More Cops Arrive,"The Daily Sheeple – by Ryan Banister 
An award-winning California state trooper was caught on camera fleeing the scene after crashing his patrol car into a parked vehicle and a utility pole, snapping it in half, on Thursday afternoon at 2:30 p.m. 
When other officers approached and asked him to explain what happened, officer Daniel Kenney refused to get out of the vehicle. With at least three officers surrounding the front end of the car, Kenney reverses and then speeds away past a cameraman across the street. 
Kenney, a state park K-9 officer, is now on paid administrative leave. 
Nearly 1,000 homes and business in the area were left without power. 
Officers placed Kenney in handcuffs when he eventually decided to pull over. He was taken to a hospital where it was determined that he was not intoxicated. 
A man inside the parked vehicle which Kenney struck suffered minor injuries and was taken to the hospital, according to Action News Now.",0
3796,"Apple iPhone, Once a Status Symbol in China, Loses Its Luster - The New York Times","HONG KONG  —   Since 2010, Yu Kai has followed the ritual every year: When a new Apple iPhone comes out, he gets rid of his old one and heads to a store in Beijing to buy the latest model. This year, however, he held back. Instead of buying the iPhone 6s, he has been waiting to see what the next iPhone looks like, and he said he might even switch to a model by a different maker. In China, where Apple has been a signifier of wealth and fashion, and where many Chinese update their smartphones each year, Mr. Yu is not an outlier. Apple’s   earnings report on Tuesday showed how hard it can be to keep the attention of China’s fickle and increasingly    consumers. Timothy D. Cook, the company’s chief executive, said in an earnings call that sales in mainland China had fallen 11 percent compared with the same period a year earlier. Mr. Cook noted that sales had dropped from a high level: In the first quarter of 2015, sales were 80 percent higher than in the same period in 2014. But the decline announced on Tuesday is a setback for one of the most beloved brands in China. China’s young,   consumers are increasingly willing, analysts say, to try phones from the many competitors  —   including Huawei, Meizu and Xiaomi  —   that seek to compete with Apple on technical specifications and aesthetics but that offer their models at a few hundred dollars cheaper. Many customers like Mr. Yu, who is 29 and   consider the phone they use part of their personal identity, leading them to look at a broad range of available models. That being the case, Apple will have to fight to maintain its dominance of the high end of the market. Apple also faces other obstacles in China. Last week, the company’s iBooks Store and iTunes Movies services were shut down by a Chinese regulator, just six months after they started operating. The rare   by China suggests that Apple could face further pressure as the Chinese government increases its scrutiny of American companies’ operations within its borders. In the past four years, with strong demand in China for its products, Apple increased the number of retail stores in the country to 35 from just a handful, and Mr. Cook said on Tuesday that there would be 40 by the end of June. The company has also been able to tap into the enormous customer base of China’s largest wireless carrier, China Mobile, after years of talks resulted in an agreement in 2013 that brought the iPhone to the carrier. The deal contributed to Chinese consumers spending $59 billion on Apple products in the latest fiscal year. But one challenge for Apple’s sales this year is that its most recent models do not represent a big leap from the previous generation. “Everyone bought a 6 series,” Steven C. Pelayo, a technology analyst at HSBC in Hong Kong, said by email, referring to models introduced in late 2014. They “were less inclined to upgrade to a 6s, which only had very minor changes,” he added. Qu Dewei, who has been selling smartphones for four years in a technology mall in eastern Beijing, said it had been tough to sell iPhones since September, when the iPhone 6s came out. “It’s been bad since then, it’s been really bad,” Mr. Qu said as he leaned on the counter at his stall. On Wednesday afternoon, the mall where he works was largely empty. “None of the brands do really great,” he said. “But while I might sell one or two Huawei phones in 10 days, I may not even sell one iPhone 6s. ” For years, smugglers have done a brisk business taking iPhones to mainland China from Hong Kong, where they cost less. But even the illegal sellers are feeling the pressure. In interviews, four smugglers who did well a year ago said they had now quit the trade. The iPhone’s weaker sales also reflect the broader slowdown in growth in China’s enormous smartphone market. Jason Low, an analyst in Shanghai with the research group Canalys, said he expected the Chinese smartphone market to grow only 4. 7 percent in 2016. As recently as 2013, it was growing 50 percent annually. “If you look at the entire market, Apple cannot fight off so many competitors, like Samsung and local brands like Huawei and Oppo,” he said. “They’re all trying to raise the average selling price, and that will bleed into Apple’s sales flow. ” Despite the pressure, Mr. Cook said in the earnings call on Tuesday that Apple was “optimistic” about China, even if it was losing ground. There is even a precedent for an Apple recovery: In 2012 and 2013, the company’s sales growth in China slowed as competitors like Samsung offered phones with larger screens, which are very popular in China. When Apple finally released a phone with a similar screen size in 2014, its market share roared back. In many ways, the company is in a similar position today. Samsung’s Edge phones stand out with screens that have rounded edges on one side, and many in China say the camera on Huawei’s flagship model is better than Apple’s camera. That puts more pressure on Apple to pack new features into the next iPhone, which is expected to come out this autumn. For Mo Chen, a    public relations professional who owns an iPhone 5, the next Apple smartphone will have to do much more than her current model for her to be tempted. She was blunt in her criticism: “The iPhone 6 and 6s are really ugly. ” Many of Ms. Mo’s   and former classmates use Android phones, she said, and she is considering switching to a device by the South Korean company or to a Chinese phone made by ZTE or One Plus. “I like Apple a lot,” she said. “I use an Apple computer. But in recent years, especially after I tried my friends’ Android phones, I realized that the brand has lost a bit of its charm. ”",0
3797,DELINGPOLE: Paris - Trump Just Dodged A $2.5 Trillion Bullet,"Here’s more evidence that Trump did the right thing by pulling out of the UN’s Paris climate agreement. [Had the U. S. stayed in it would have been on the hook for a fair chunk of this   pay demand from India.   Yes, you read that right. Not billion but trillion. That’s $2, 500, 000, 000, 000 which India was expecting to be paid over the next 15 years by the Western nations  —   ie mainly the U. S.  —   as a bribe for pretending to decarbonize its economy in line with the U. N. Paris agreement. And, inevitably, it wasn’t just India that wanted its climate Danegeld. So did every other country which could qualify for developing world status. Here, courtesy of Chris Horner, is a document from U. S. climate negotiator Todd Stern. He clearly thinks it’s funny, though I’m not sure I would if I were a taxpayer having to fund it  …     In other words, Paris was never really about climate. It was a   scheme in which rich nations were expected to shower poor nations with free money. Totally about UN socialist wealth redistribution. #IPCC pic. twitter.   —   Brad Rush (@OtagoGrad) June 7, 2017,  This, of course, is the real reason for the widespread global outrage at Trump’s climate decision. The pigs have had their enormous trough  —   stamped “$$$$ courtesy of Uncle Sam”  —   pulled from beneath their snouts and their instinctive response is to go “Sooooooeeeeee! Soooooeeeeee!” My two favorite deranged responses so far. This one from The Nation explaining that Trump is Hitler because he sorta, kinda used a phrase vaguely like Hitler once did in one of his speeches.  On September 30, 1942, shortly after the death camps began gassing Jews, Hitler declared, “In Germany too the Jews once laughed at my prophecies. I don’t know whether they are still laughing, or whether they have already lost the inclination to laugh, but I can assure you that everywhere they will stop laughing. With these prophecies I shall prove to be right. ” On June 1, 2017, Donald Trump announced that he was pulling America out of the Paris climate accord. “At what point does America get demeaned? At what point do they start laughing at us as a country? We want fair treatment for its citizens and we want fair treatment for our taxpayers. We don’t want other leaders and other countries laughing at us anymore, and they won’t be. They won’t be. ” See the similarity? Me neither. Presumably that’s why author Sasha Abramsky has to editorialize desperately: “It’s not a direct quote from Hitler, but it’s perilously close. ” But I forget. When you’re a liberal, everyone who disagrees with you is Hitler. So I suppose to   this article is only stating the obvious. Even better though, I think, is the announcement by the United Nations that it intends to reject Trump’s offer to renegotiate Paris. Here is the Executive Secretary of the UNFCCC (United Nations Framework Convention on Climate Change) spelling it out: #ParisAgreement, a historic treaty signed by 194  ratified by 147 countries, cannot be renegotiated based on the request of a single Party. https:  .   —   Patricia Espinosa C. (@PEspinosaC) June 2, 2017,  Why is this so funny? Well it’s a bit like the Camp Commandant at Colditz Castle announcing sternly to the prisoners who have daringly escaped that under no circumstances will they ever be allowed inside the wire and back to their lumpy beds and freezing cells. President Trump has just made what successful escaping prisoners in World War II used to call a Home Run. I doubt he has many regrets about the camp guards he has left behind.  ",0
3798,Flash-Mob Meditations To Occur At Voting Stations During Election,"By Lance Schuttler
On November 8th, 2016, hundreds and possibly thousands flash-mob meditations will commence at the polling stations everywhere across America. Elevate The Vote says that “this is a non-partisan participatory event that is open to everyone. It’s about the fundamental unity of human life that seems to have been so forgotten in this campaign.”
The intention is to “elevate the consciousness of every U.S. voter on election day, impacting how we feel about ourselves, politics, this election, and each other.”
“Meditation gives you an opportunity to come to know your invisible self. It allows you to empty yourself of the endless hyperactivity of your mind, and to attain calmness. It teaches you to be peaceful, to remove stress, to receive answers where confusion previously reigned.”
Dr. Wayne Dyer 
While many will love this concept, some may be a bit skeptical of it having any effect. With that, we can look further at the studies that have been done on synchronized meditations and the measurable effects they did create.
What is known as the Maharishi Effect has actually been studied over 600 times, which was conducted in 33 countries and in over 250 independent research institutions. The evidence overwhelmingly correlates synchronized group prayer and meditation having extremely positive social, political and economic benefits to the world. Positive correlations for numerous health benefits to the individual were also observed and confirmed.

The most well-known study on this effect was done in 1974, which observed three different gatherings of over 7,000 people meditating each morning and evening for three consecutive weeks. The study took place in Fairfield, Iowa (December 17, 1983-January 6, 1984), The Hague, Holland (December 21, 1984-January 13, 1985) and Washington, DC (July 1-July 10, 1985). The results were astounding. According to the Rand Corporation, a think-tank based in California, “acts of global terrorism resulting in fatalities and injuries were reduced by 72%.” Time series analysis was used in this study to rule out possibilities that the reduction in global terrorism was caused by pre-existing trends, drifts in data or cycles. But how was this done then? How did it spread from a small group to a larger one?
Scientists believe this is due to a coherent resonance being created in the Unified Quantum Field by those meditating.
Going a bit further with it, we can think of a laser. Its coherent light is established by what is known in physics as the Field Effect. The Field Effect’s principle, according to the Institute of Science, Technology and Public Policy is “that it is not necessary to act individually on each individual constituent of a system, but that the system can be handled in one stroke at the collective level.” 
The 7,000 people meditating created a Field Effect of harmonious coherence that spread throughout the collective–which in turn helped to reduce acts of terrorism (incoherent, disruptive energy).
Synchronized meditation shifts events and timelines in our Quantum Universe. Souce 
If you live outside of the U.S. you can also join in by meditating with a global synchronized meditation that begins at 3pm Pacific Time (U.S.). Also, you can add to this movement even if you live in the U.S. by meditating at this time or at a local polling station. If you plan not to vote or already voted, you can also stay at home and meditate that evening. Let us all envision a world at peace, ourselves at peace and all social systems in balance and at peace.
To find out more information about the flash-mob meditations and to see or start one in your local area, visit Elevate The Vote . 

Lance Schuttler graduated from the University of Iowa with a degree in Health Science and practices health coaching through his website Orgonlight Health . You can follow the Orgonlight Health facebook page or visit the website for more information on how to receive health coaching for yourself, a family member or a friend as well as view other inspiring articles. 
Featured Image Source 
Source: The Mind Unleashed 
",0
3799,Malcolm X on Hillary Clinton and Donald Trump,"  A Black Agenda Radio Commentary by Bruce A. Dixon 
When astute political commentary from a half century ago eloquently describes the current political conundrum it means we’ve been stuck in a bad place for a long time. Do we really want Malcolm’s observation to apply four or eight or twenty years further into the future? Malcolm X on Hillary Clinton and Donald Trump A Black Agenda Radio Commentary by Bruce A. Dixon 
It’s that time again, it’s presidential election season, and as we hear every four years, THIS is the most important presidential election of our lives. The fact that you’ve heard that before should tell us something. It should us that in presidential years, many old things becomes new again, often because so much of what we’re told IS new is really pretty old. 
Malcolm X has been dead now a half century, dead for more years than he was ever alive. But since at least one of the tricks and traps deployed to fool, frustrate and neutralize our grandparents’ right to vote hasn’t changed much we might want to listen carefully to what Malcolm’s words in the aftermath of the 1964 presidential election. 
“ If Johnson had been running all by himself, he would not have been acceptable to anyone. The only thing that made him acceptable to the world was that the shrewd capitalists, the shrewd imperialists, knew that the only way people would run toward the fox would be if you showed them a wolf. So they created a ghastly alternative. And it had the whole world — including people who call themselves Marxists — hoping that Johnson would beat Goldwater.” 
Like today’s Donald Trump, Republican presidential candidate Barry Goldwater was a truly reprehensible and frightening figure, who had opposed the Civil Rights Act of 1964 that banned racial discrimination in public accommodations, and who favored the use of nuclear weapons to defoliate the Vietnamese countryside. Also like Donald Trump, Goldwater never really stood a chance of winning the election. Goldwater the wolf was buried beneath a Johnson landslide, carrying only 6 out of the 50 states. Republican officeholders are running away from Donald Trump not because he’s a racist bufoon but because he’s expected to lose states Republicans are accustomed to winning. 
The fox, Lyndon Baines Johnson went on to start a war in Indochina that killed three million Vietnamese alone. LBJ defoliated the Vietnamese countryside with millions of tons of Agent Orange instead of nukes, causing hundreds of thousands of hideous and gruesome birth defects that continue to this day. 
The wolf and the fox this year are Donald Trump and Hillary Clinton. Trump is a real estate con man, a racist and a hyper-entitled sexual predator who talks about building walls and banning Muslims. Fortunately for us all, Trump has never been in government. Hillary has scarcely ever been out of government. She’s fronted for Wal-Mart, executed bloody regime change in Libya, brought US troops to Ukraine on the Russian border, and publicly itches for a showdown in Syria. Thanks to Wikileaks there is copious evidence that Hillary’s public stands on a wide range of issues from charter schools to so-called trade agreements, to fracking and social security stand in stark contrast to the promises she makes to the powerful. 
Just as it worked 52 years ago, the overwhelming defeat of her wolvish opponent will give Hillary the appearance of a mandate. But the margin of Hillary’s victory provides those of us on the left an unprecedented opportunity. It means there is no need for those who imagine themselves on the of jobs, justice, peace and the planet to ride to Hilllary’s rescue and ensure the defeat of Donald Trump. Trump has already beaten himself. 
This election is our best chance to break out of the decades-old two party trap and build a new political force, a new political party. The Green Party is the only peace party, the only party that stands for people and planet over profit, and our only opportunity to vote our hopes, not our fears. It’s time to choose. 
We vote Green and build Green, we can consign the political conundrum Malcolm X eloquently described a half century ago to the garbage can of history. Or we can vote for Hillary, and Malcolm’s words will be as applicable four or eight years or twenty years from now as they have been for the last fifty. For Black Agenda Radio I’m Bruce Dixon. Bruce Dixon is managing editor at Black Agenda Report and the co-chair of the GA Green party. He lives and works near Marietta GA and can be reached  ",0
3800,"Blame Government, Not Markets for Monopoly","Written by Ron Paul   
When Time-Warner announced it planned to merge with another major communications firm, many feared the new company would exercise near-total monopoly power. These concerns led some to call for government action to block the merger in order to protect both Time-Warner's competitors and consumers. No, I am not talking about Time-Warner’s recent announced plan to merge with AT&T, but the reaction to Time-Warner’s merger with (then) Internet giant AOL in 2000. Far from creating an untouchable leviathan crushing all competitors, the AOL-Time-Warner merger fell apart in under a decade. The failure of AOL-Time-Warner demonstrates that even the biggest companies are vulnerable to competition if there is open entry into the marketplace. AOL-Time-Warner failed because consumers left them for competitors offering lower prices and/or better quality. Corporate mergers and “hostile” takeovers can promote economic efficiency by removing inefficient management and boards of directors. These managers and board members often work together to promote their own interests instead of generating maximum returns for investors by providing consumers with affordable, quality products. Thus, laws making it difficult to launch a ""hostile"" takeover promote inefficient use of resources and harm investors, workers, and consumers. Monopolies and cartels are creations of government, not markets. For example, the reason the media is dominated by a few large companies is that no one can operate a television or radio station unless they obtain federal approval and pay federal licensing fees. Similarly, anyone wishing to operate a cable company must not only comply with federal regulations, they must sign a “franchise” agreement with their local government. Fortunately, the Internet has given Americans greater access to news and ideas shut out by the government-licensed lapdogs of the ""mainstream"" media. This may be why so many politicians are anxious to regulate the web. Government taxes and regulations are effective means of limiting competition in an industry. Large companies can afford the costs of complying with government regulations, costs which cripple their smaller competitors. Big business can also afford to hire lobbyists to ensure that new laws and regulations favor big business. Examples of regulations that benefit large corporations include the Food and Drug Administration’s (FDA) regulations that raise costs of developing a new drug, as well as limit consumers ability to learn about natural alternatives to pharmaceuticals. Another example is the Dodd-Frank legislation, which has strengthened large financial intuitions while harming their weaker competitors. Legislation forcing consumers to pay out-of-state sales tax on their online purchases is a classic case of business seeking to use government to harm less politically-powerful competitors. This legislation is being pushed by large brick-and-mortar stores and Internet retailers who are seeking a government-granted advantage over smaller competitors. Many failed mergers and acquisitions result from the distorted signals sent to business and investors by the Federal Reserve’s inflationary monetary policy. Perhaps the most famous example of this is the AOL-Time-Warner fiasco, which was a direct result of the Fed-created dot.com bubble. In a free market, mergers between businesses enable consumers to benefit from new products and reduced prices. Any businesses that charge high prices or offer substandard products will soon face competition from businesses offering consumers lower prices and/or higher quality. Monopolies only exist when government tilts the playing field in favor of well-connected crony capitalists. Therefore those concerned about excessive corporate power should join supporters of the free market in repudiating the regulations, taxes, and subsides that benefit politically-powerful businesses. The most important step is to end the boom-bust business cycle by ending the Federal Reserve. Copyright © 2016 by RonPaul Institute. Permission to reprint in whole or in part is gladly granted, provided full credit and a live link are given.",0
3801,"Drudge, Downed by Cyberattack, Suspects Government Involvement - Breitbart","Readers were unable to access the pioneering powerhouse news website Drudge Report for an hour and a half on Thursday, due to what site founder Matt Drudge says was a    attack. [On Twitter Thursday night in the midst of the attack and shutdown, Drudge questioned whether the U. S. government might be behind the attack, which he said was the largest in the website’s history. Later, Drudge said the attack came from “thousands” of sources.  Attacking coming from ’thousands’ of sources.  Of course none of them traceable to Fort Meade  …      —   MATT DRUDGE (@DRUDGE) December 30, 2016,  Is the US government attacking DRUDGE REPORT?  Biggest DDoS since site’s inception. VERY suspicious routing [and timing].  —   MATT DRUDGE (@DRUDGE) December 30, 2016,  Ace investigation reporter Sharyl Attkisson responded to one of Drudge’s tweets, bringing up the fact that Drudge has been targeted by the left as a “fake news” site as part of a wider effort to censor and discredit    news organizations in the wake of the election of Donald Trump. @DRUDGE Maybe they think this is a proportional counterattack to Russia. After all they have decided @Drudge is Russian fake news, right?  —   Sharyl Attkisson (@SharylAttkisson) December 30, 2016,  The disruption came the same night that the Obama administration issued sanctions against Russia over unproven allegations of hacking, a claim toward which Drudge has shown skepticism. The Drudge Report was one of the few news platforms that gave candidate Donald Trump fair coverage during the presidential primary, thereby incurring the wrath of the establishment Republicans as well as the Democrat establishment. At press time, there was no firm confirmation of who or what caused the attack.",0
3802,When Duterte Met Abe,"  
As I discuss in my most recent piece for Asia Times, Duterte v. United States: The Empire Slaps Back , I find the US tunnel vision concerning Asian attitudes toward engagement with China puzzling. 
The big story in Asia IMO is the smaller powers trying to integrate with the PRC economically while keeping it at arms’ length militarily, but that doesn’t seem to drive the coverage I see. Perhaps as a function of that “salary depends on not understanding” Mark Twain crack, US diplos/generals/journos/wonks seem determined to ignore the centripetal forces at play in Asia with China at their heart. 
There’s also a gigantic blind spot in US coverage of the Philippines. If you read the papes, everybody in the Philippines is staring anxiously out at the South China Sea for “Chizilla” to emerge and wreak havoc on a jewel of Pacific democracy. 
Actually, if you read my piece, you’ll find that the forces ravaging the Philippines are poverty, inequality, social division, corruption, and the occasional megatyphoon and I have an idea the reason that Fidel Ramos championed Duterte is because he saw him as the one candidate who would focus on domestic issues and not pivot-friendly bullsh*t. 
The US story is that the threat of “China rising” must be contained militarily, its economic reach reduced, and Asia should look for a “high standards” trade bloc, TPP, for its growth story instead of canoodling with the Chicoms. 
However, I think the CCP read its George Kennan and realized the containment strategy worked on the USSR because the Soviets thought, incorrectly, they could cut it as an autarky. Deng knew different, enabled inward and outward investment, and now we’re looking at not only Asia but much of the world anxious at how Chinese trouble will play out in their own economies. 
In my opinion, the US was only able to establish “China threat” as the top element on the Asian FP agenda temporarily, with considerable effort, and only by the active support of pro-US government officials in Japan and the Philippines who were willing to assist in engineering polarizing provocations with the PRC around the Senkakus and Scarborough Shoal. 
Now the economic logic of Asian integration i.e. hoovering up the cash the PRC is willing to throw at the region is reasserting itself. 
Thailand, Malaysia, Myanmar, Vietnam, and now the Philippines are showing via engagement with China that their participation in any US crusade is conditional and equivocal. 
These countries are not democratic and human rights garden spots, so I guess the US could summon up some “birds of a feather” grumbling about why the jefes of these regimes are willing to cozy up to dictators instead of joining the crusade to contain, isolate, and degrade the PRC regime (and heroically put their own economic well-being at risk at the same time). 
And then there’s this guy: 
That’s Shinzo Abe making nice with Rodrigo Duterte during Duterte’s recent visit to Japan. Actually, making the “iron fist”, the symbol of Duterte’s, shall we say, rather harsh vision of how to make Philippine democracy do the right thing “or I’ll punch the crap outta you. Or worse.” 
I just love this picture. I don’t recall seeing it in US coverage of Duterte’s foray into Japan. 
US tunnel vision was in full force again, focused on the fact that Duterte said he wanted foreign militaries a.k.a. the US outta the Philippines in two years. 
But the big story was, to paraphrase Sherlock Holmes, “the dog that didn’t snarl.” Japan. 
Abe reciprocated Duterte’s outreached fist, one might say, with his own, and competed with the PRC in offering various goodies to the Philippines. 
Abe’s Japan, as I comment in my Asia Times piece, has a rather multi-jointed agenda. 
Japan was in a pretty solid space, securitywise, if it was content to remain a security ward of the United States under the pacifist constitution. But ideology, opportunity, and necessity are driving Japan back into Asia as a security actor. 
Abe, a revisionist nationalist (i.e. he rejects the victor’s justice narrative of World War II that Japan did wrong and deserved to be militarily neutered), is piggybacking on the pivot to enable Japan’s re-emergence as a full-fledged Asian power with an extensive network of relationships cum allies in East and South Asia. 
China’s rise is an indispensable element in Japan’s rise. 
The, let’s face it, hulking and goonish face of PRC regional engagement promotes a search for capable friends, and most Asian countries are pretty happy to have Japan in their corner—and not too upset about Japan’s return to the fray as a full-fledged military power. 
Second, after the United States signed on to the “China threat” narrative as the driver for its Asia pivot (something that Kurt Campbell, Hillary Clinton, and Seiji Maehara cahooted on in 2010), the US abandoned the honest broker position it had claimed in previous decades and lined up behind Japan and provided material, operational, and diplomatic support for the expansion of Japan’s military footprint in Asia. 
However, I believe that Japanese strategists regard US anti-China resolve as a wasting asset, not just subject to the vagaries of American politics and conflicting economic/fiscal/trade priorities that undercut the containment strategy, but also because the ineluctable logic of Asian growth is sidelining the US as hegemon of the anti-China alliance. 
There is likely to come a day when the US faces its Suez moment and admits it’s not ready to fight a war in the west Pacific to protect US interests and sustain US prestige. 
That day is unlikely to come under the Clinton administration—which has preemptively committed itself to a policy of sustaining US global pre-eminence through the application of military force as needed—and that, depending on your appetite for combat with the Chicoms 8000 miles from home, is either a good or bad thing. 
But the day will probably come and if and when it does, Japan does not want to be standing there helplessly holding its daikon (as it did when Nixon went to China). Instead, it’s going to be militarily strong, probably with a Israel-style covert nuclear weapons capability it will discretely brandish, and with a strong regional network of friends and allies in East Asia. 
I think a Japan-centric security regime facing China but complemented by regional economic integration is sustainable; I think a US-centric system based on forestalling economic integration and keeping allies submissive by maintaining a nuclear “umbrella” a.k.a. monopoly is not. 
We may de facto be heading towards such a regime, even as the Clinton administration continues its hypernationalist bluster. There’s the nibbling away at the pivot by the smaller and weaker allies, there’s Abe with Duterte and, if I’m reading Paul Krugman’s tea leaves correctly, it appears that President Clinton may give up on TPP as an Obama pipe dream. 
Not to say peace and reduced tensions are in the offing for East Asia; particularly, if I was Duterte I’d watch my back as the Clinton administration will probably seek to punish his lese majeste toward the United States much more than the lame-duck Obama administration. And, I imagine the U.S. Navy will demand more of its precious FONOPs in order to provoke the Chinese, hopefully to the point of a confrontation that feeds the security polarization narrative and fattens its budget. 
But the general trend seems to be away from Hillary Clinton’s goal of “America’s Pacific Century” toward “The Pacific’s Pacific Century” and I think that’s a pretty good thing. (Reprinted from China Matters by permission of author or representative)",0
3803,Comment on Six Million Jews 1915-1938 by Jews Did World War and Open Borders – aladdinsmiraclelamp,"Behind the headlines - conspiracies, cover-ups, ancient mysteries and more. Real news and perspectives that you won't find in the mainstream media. Browse: Home / Six Million Jews 1915-1938 Essential Reading US ‘backed plan to launch chemical weapon attack on Syria, blame it on Assad govt': Report By wmw_admin on June 15, 2013 
This report appeared in January, 2013, but was subsequently removed from the Mail’s website. Fortunately some observers copied extracts, which we repost here An oldie White Zimbabwean has her say By wmw_admin on January 7, 2009 
A human story from the hellhole Zimbabwe has become – with the West’s acquiescence of course. For although Western leaders may criticise him publicly, they opened the way for Mugabe’s ascent to power, just as they did with Saddam Fake Terrorism: The Road to Dictatorship By wmw_admin on October 10, 2008 
Throughout history “terrorist” acts have been carefully staged and used to further the power of the ruling elite. In the light of the latest “terror” plot we repost an old favourite as a reminder The Crucifixion of Jews Must Stop! By wmw_admin on August 21, 2010 
The sacrifice of “six million Jews” was being talked about before Hitler rose to power. A photocopy from the American Hebrew dated Oct. 1919, speaks openly about a holocaust of six million Jews before declaring “Israel is entitled to a place in the sun”!! David Icke Debunked By wmw_admin on September 10, 2012 
This website shares Les Visible’s doubts about David Icke. Others do too and as the linked video here explains, with good reason Evidence: Syria Gas Attack Work of U.S. Allies By wmw_admin on August 28, 2013 
Clear and conclusive evidence that ‘Syrian rebels’ were behind the chemical weapons attack — not the Syrian Army — using toxins supplied by Saudi Arabia. Includes videos David Cole at Auschwitz By wmw_admin on October 7, 2006 
Now directly linked, a must see video. Watch as a young Jew demolishes the standard notion of the Holocaust, highlighting its contradictions and flaws with logic and clarity. An hour long video of absolutely essential viewing London Beheading Hoax Confirmed? By wmw_admin on May 24, 2013 
Was the London beheading a hoax? After Sandy Hook anything is possible and the authors present a very convincing case that it was. Judge for yourself Back to the Future!!! Part 2 By Rixon Stewart on May 21, 2007 
Given Einstein’s endorsement of Hapgood’s ideas it is reasonable to ask whether his hypothesis could actually happen again and if so when",0
3804,7 reasons I'll vote for Trump,"Print 
Before you applaud me for my integrity or condemn me for selling out, allow me to explain my decision to vote for Donald Trump on Nov. 8. 
First, I’m writing this because I have been asked incessantly for months how I would be voting, not because I think I’m someone special or that what I do should influence you. 
Second, I’m not endorsing Donald Trump. In my mind, there’s a world of difference between endorsing a candidate and voting for a candidate. 
Third, I respect those in the #NeverTrump camp and share many of their concerns, including the possibility of his further vulgarizing and degrading the nation, the possibility of him deepening our ethnic and racial divides, and the possibility of him alienating our allies and unnecessarily provoking our enemies, just to name a few. Among the #NeverTrump voices I respect are columnists like David French and Ben Shapiro, bloggers like Matt Walsh and evangelical leaders like Russell Moore and Beth Moore. 
Fourth, I take strong exception to evangelicals who have fawned over Trump as if he were some kind of savior figure, supporting him as if he were St. Donald. I also take issue with evangelical leaders who want us to minimize some of Trump’s failings, constantly saying, “Let him who is without sin cast the first one” (see John 8:7). This is not a question of condemning the man but rather a question of making a moral assessment as to his readiness to serve our nation. 
Fifth, my decision to vote for Trump, barring something earth-shattering between now and Nov. 8, is consistent with my position, which has been: 1) During the GOP primaries, I issued strong warnings against voting for Trump while we had other excellent choices. I did this in writing , on video and on the radio, but always stating that if Trump won the nomination, I would re-evaluate my position. 2) Once Trump became the Republican candidate, I wrote that I was rooting for him to take steps in the right direction and thereby win my vote. 3) I have stated repeatedly that under no circumstances would I vote for Hillary. (For two strong warnings about Hillary, see here and here .) 
So, what has convinced me that I should now vote for Donald Trump? 
The culture war is not over! Gain hope, courage and practical advice in Michael Brown’s latest book, “Outlasting the Gay Revolution: Where Homosexual Activism Is Really Going and How to Turn the Tide” 
First, I believe that he actually is serious about appointing pro-life, pro-Constitution Supreme Court justices. When he said during the last debate that if you’re pro-life, you want to see Roe v. Wade overturned, and when he reiterated at his Gettysburg speech that he will be drawing from his list of 20 potential appointees, he helped me feel more confident that he would not suddenly flip-flop if elected. 
Second, one reason I endorsed Sen. Ted Cruz was because he took on the political establishment, both Democratic and Republican, to the point of calling it the Washington cartel. Trump is an absolute wrecking ball to the negative parts of the political system (although, unfortunately, he’s been a wrecking ball to some of the good parts of the system), so my vote for him is also a protest vote. 
Third, I am voting for the Republican platform, not the Republican Party, which means I’m in agreement with the platform while at the same time having very little confidence in the party as a whole. 
Fourth, while I have always felt that the line, “We’re electing a president, not a pastor,” was overstated and superficial, if we rephrased it to say, “We’re electing a general to train hand-to-hand combat warriors, not a pastor,” it might have more relevance. In other words, we are not looking for Trump to be a moral reformer (even if hedoes appoint righteous judges), and, at this point, he certainly is anything but a moral example (although we pray he will be truly converted and become one). Rather, out of our choices for president, which are stark, we are voting for the one most likely to defeat Hillary and make some good decisions for the nation, not be the savior. And with things so messed up in America, the hand-to-hand combat analogy is closer to home. 
Fifth, within the first few minutes of the last debate, the massive differences between Hillary and Trump were there for the world to see, she a pro-abortion radical and an extreme supporter of the LGBT agenda and he unashamedly speaking out against late-term abortions and wanting to appoint justices who would defend our essential liberties. Since I have the opportunity to vote, I feel that I should vote for Trump. 
Sixth, Trump continues to be drawn to conservative Christians, and not just ones who tickle his ears. One of my dear friends has spent hours with Trump and members of his family, and he has told me that in 55 years of ministry, no one has received him as openly and graciously as has Trump. Yet my friend continues to speak the truth to him in the clearest possible terms. While I am not one of those claiming that Trump is a born-again Christian (I see absolutely no evidence of this), the fact that he continues to listen to godly men and open the door to their counsel indicates that something positive could possibly be going on. It also indicates that these godly leaders might be a positive influence on him if he were elected president. 
Seventh, although I’m quite aware that a president could do great harm or good to the nation, I’m far more concerned with what we as God’s people do with our own lives and witnesses, and for me, the state of the church of America is much more important than the state of the White House. In that context, I echo the words (and warning) of Dr. Martin Luther King Jr.: “The church must be reminded that it is not the master or the servant of the state, but rather the conscience of the state. It must be the guide and the critic of the state, and never its tool. If the church does not recapture its prophetic zeal, it will become an irrelevant social club without moral or spiritual authority.” 
So, in sum: 1) My hope is in God, not Donald Trump, and I do recognize that either Hillary or Trump has the potential to do great harm to America; 2) My urgent call is for us as followers of Jesus to get our own act together so we can be the salt and light of the nation; 3) I will continue to urge all believers not to vote for Hillary Clinton, whose policies will certainly do us great harm; and 4) Ultimately, the most effective way to defeat Hillary is to vote for Trump, while also praying that God will use him for good , not for evil. 
In the end, if Trump gets elected and fails miserably, I will be grieved but not devastated. If he does well, I will rejoice. 
Either way, though, my vote is just that: a vote. My greater role is to live a life pleasing to God with the hope of advancing a gospel-based moral and cultural revolution. Receive Michael Brown's commentaries in your email BONUS: By signing up for Michael Brown's alerts, you will also be signed up for news and special offers from WND via email. Name *",0
3805,Trump sues ‘Trumpton’,"November 14, 2016 
The stop-motion children’s favourite, is under threat from the newly elected President for using his trademarked name. Mr. Trump has turned litigious after his planning permission was blocked, for golf resort in neighbouring Camberwick Green. 
Explained Town Hall clerk, Mr Troop: ‘Several landowners around Trumpton and Camberwick Green refused to sell their land to Trump. And he’s made their lives misery, in some cases he’s even cut off their water supply and blocked their roads.’ Local windmill owner Windy Miller has been in dispute with Trump over the sale of land around Colley’s Mill and the Trump Corporation’s aggressive tactics appear to have taken their toll on the normally affable Miller. ‘It’s terrible what they’ve done to Windy,’ says Mr Troop. ‘He’s a broken man. Now he spends his days getting wrecked on home brew cider and firing his shotgun at anyone who comes within 100 yards of his windmill. Peter the Postman has had to visit Dr Mopp several times to have shotgun slugs removed from his rear end’. 
However, not everyone in Trumpton is hostile to the billionaire property developer. Local carpenter Chippy Minton believes that just as Trump is set to bring radical change to America he can do the same for Trumpton. ‘The people are fed up with the career politicians at the town hall. Unless you’re an immigrant or disabled they don’t want to know, bloody do-gooders. Everyone knows there’s too much immigration from neighbouring towns. We’re going to build a wall around Chigley and make Chigley pay for it’. 
‘There’s even a Mexican family moved in to Trumpton,’ continued Minton. ‘They seem nice but this type of immigration is diluting our local institutions. Take our world famous Fire Brigade for instance. Now it’s ‘Pugh, Pugh, Barney McGrew, Cuthbert, Dibble, Ramirez’. What’s that all about!?’",0
3806,Kissinger: Trump Need Not Keep “Positions Taken In the Campaign”… Promises Are Pillow Talk,"
This article was written by Kurt Nimmo and originally published at his Another Day in the Empire site. 
Editor’s Comment: Here we are back to one of those people that just seems to know something we don’t know… well it isn’t really the fact that he suggested Donald Trump won’t keep all his campaign promises. People aren’t that much in the dark. It’s the way he phrased it, and nurtured the idea, as something soft and malleable. 
Kissinger is more than willing to break in Trump, as one would a horse, and shape him towards the kind of president that international banksters and geopolitical hotheads can be proud of. By that time, you might not recognize President Trump as the fiery campaigner who defeated Bushes and Clintons with ease, but that just shows the crafting and development that went into the project, mostly behind the scenes… you might even find that Kissinger and Trump are old pals (see above). 
Kissinger: Don’t Expect Trump to Keep Campaign Promises 
by Kurt Nimmo
Elder statesman, Rockefeller confidant, and master war criminal Henry Kissinger told the globalist Fareed Zakaria voters are not going to get what was advertised with Donald Trump.
“One should not insist on nailing [Trump] into positions that he had taken in the campaign,” Kissinger told Zakaria .
Keeping campaign promises made to voters is counterproductive, according to Kissinger.
Kissinger argued that it is counterproductive to demand absolute consistency from presidential administrations, particularly in the face of fluid international situations.
Commending Trump on the effectiveness of his campaign tactics, the former secretary of state added: “The art now would be to develop a strategy that is sustainable, that meets the concerns that have appeared during the campaign but that can be linked to some of the main themes of American foreign policy.”
In other words, Kissinger and the elite expect Trump to carry the torch and continue the Bush-Obama agenda of never-ending war.
Donald Trump appears eager to please. He is considering neocons for his cabinet and his national security adviser is an anti-Islam ideologue.
This article was written by Kurt Nimmo and originally published at his Another Day in the Empire site. Please visit and support his site. ",0
3807,Millions Of Drunk Cubs Fans Rioting In Heaven Following World Series Win - The Onion - America's Finest News Source,"Most Hotly Contested Down-Ballot Measures Of 2016 As Americans head to the polls, they will be presented with a number of issues to vote on besides choosing their representatives. The Onion gives voters an advance look at which measures will be included on the ballots in which states. New Heavy-Duty Voting Machine Allows Americans To Take Out Frustration On It Before Casting Ballot WASHINGTON—Saying the circumstances of this year’s presidential race made the upgrade necessary, election commissions throughout the country were reportedly working to install new heavy-duty voting machines this week that will allow Americans to physically take out their frustrations on the devices before casting their votes. Man Grateful To Live In Society Where Mattress Disappears If Left On Sidewalk For A Couple Days COLUMBUS, OH—Emphasizing that such an impressive feat should not be taken for granted, local man Nathan Montgomery told reporters Wednesday he was incredibly grateful to live in a society where a mattress just disappears if it’s left outside on the sidewalk for a couple days. News Website Likes To Set Aside A Little Ad Space To Promote Own Articles NEW HAVEN, CT—Saying they were proud to showcase the work done by their writers, executives at the New Haven Register told reporters Thursday they sometimes like to set aside a little ad space to promote the newspaper’s own articles. Clinton Staff Readies EMP Launch To Disable All Nation’s Electronic Devices NEW YORK—In an effort to prepare for any new revelations that might emerge about her emails during her tenure as secretary of state, Democratic presidential nominee Hillary Clinton reportedly told her staff Tuesday to ready the launch of several electromagnetic pulses to disable all of the nation’s electronic devices. Doctors Restore Ken Burns’ Full-Color Vision After Removing Massive Tumor From Filmmaker’s Visual Cortex CLEVELAND—Speaking to reporters following the successful eight-hour procedure Tuesday, neurosurgeons at the Cleveland Clinic confirmed they had removed a golf ball–sized tumor from the visual cortex of filmmaker Ken Burns, restoring the documentarian’s ability to see in full color. Mom Produces Decorative Gift Bag Out Of Thin Air LEXINGTON, MA—Conjuring the item into existence along with several sheets of perfectly coordinated tissue paper, local mother Caroline Wolfson, 49, reportedly produced a decorative gift bag out of thin air Tuesday within a mere fraction of a second of her daughter mentioning she needed to wrap a present. Paul Krugman’s Facebook Friends Excitedly Posting About New Article He Got Published In ‘The New York Times’ NEW YORK—Sharing the link on their news feeds with captions such as “You have to read this!” and “Check out what a buddy of mine wrote,” Paul Krugman’s Facebook friends reportedly spent Tuesday morning excitedly posting about a new article of his that was published in The New York Times. Anthony Weiner Sends Apology Sext To Entire Clinton Campaign BROOKLYN, NY—In response to the FBI’s announcement that its investigation of him had produced new evidence that could pertain to its probe of the Democratic presidential nominee, Anthony Weiner reportedly sent an apology sext early Monday morning to the entire Hillary Clinton campaign. Nation Too Terrified To Look At What Trump’s Recent Rise In Polls Attributed To WASHINGTON—Claiming it felt queasy just thinking about what the cause could be, the nation’s populace said Monday it was too terrified to look at what Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump’s recent rise in the polls was attributed to. Report: Friend Has Been Going By Middle Name This Whole Fucking Time CALABASAS, CA—Astounded that it had never come up at any point in the six years they had known each other, local woman Lucy Reed, 25, reported Tuesday that her friend Nicole Silberthau had apparently been going by her middle name this whole fucking time. Trump Campaign Training Poll Watchers To Spot Any Suspicious Skin Colors On Election Day HARRISBURG, PA—Instructing volunteers to remain alert and pay close attention to every individual who arrives at their voting location, the “Trump Election Observer” section of Donald Trump’s campaign website reportedly trains supporters to spot any suspicious skin colors they may see on Election Day, sources confirmed this week. Relationship In Exciting Early Stage Where Every Exchange Causes Unspeakable Anxiety GARDEN CITY, GA—Admitting that they often felt like they were still on their first date, local couple Derek Peterson and Tara Meyers told reporters Tuesday that they were in the early, exciting stage of their relationship where every interaction causes deep, unspeakable anxiety. ",0
3808,"Dear John: Brooklyn Bridge Discourages Token of Love, With a Smile - The New York Times","To some they are emblems of delight, reminders in steel of unbreakable connections. To others they are barnacles encrusting a beloved landmark. They are the   love locks, padlocks placed on the Brooklyn Bridge by lovers to signify their bond. This fall, after cutting away tens of thousands of the locks, whose sheer weight engineers say could damage the bridge, the New York City Transportation Department began a deterrence campaign to keep the besotted from further festooning: A $100 fine is to be assessed for the illicit act of adoration. Unlike other signs in the city, like those that menacingly forbid parking and threaten the arrival of tow trucks, the warnings are gentle and humorous. One features a picture of a bagel with what appears to be smoked salmon and a schmear. “NO LOCKS, YES LOX,” it says. On Monday, a post beneath one of these signs had nearly 20 locks attached to it. The tradition dates back to about 2009, according to the Transportation Department, which removed over 11, 000 locks in 2015. The laborious removals, it said, cost over $100, 000 a year. Lovers have likely been inspired by the locks on Rome’s oldest bridge, the Ponte Milvio, and on the Pont des Arts in Paris. In both cities, the authorities have long battled the heavy locks that daily encrust their bridges the symbol persists despite strong warnings against the practice. New York’s version seems grittier: In recent years people have tied hair bands, shoelaces and even headphones to the bridge, the department said. But it is risky for the bridge, an architectural marvel completed in 1883, and the world’s first   suspension bridge. In September, a wire holding up a light snapped under the weight of the locks. “This is a global phenomenon,” Polly Trottenberg, the city’s transportation commissioner, said. “There are so many ways to express your love  —   hold hands, take a beautiful picture, have a beautiful dinner. ” Leaving locks and other flotsam on a bridge should not be one of them, she said. But Eric L. Adams, the Brooklyn borough president, thinks simply telling tourists and others who visit the bridge not to leave the locks behind will not work. Instead, he has proposed putting up a wall, at the base of the bridge perhaps, where people can position their locks. “We have to roll with it,” he said. “There is a lot of hate going on right now. ” (Ms. Trottenberg said the idea was being considered, but that it would be a lot of work to periodically cut those locks, too.) As part of the deterrence initiative, the city has also asked publishers of several guidebooks, including Lonely Planet and Fodor’s, to let readers know the practice is forbidden. Jordan DuMars, 24, a dancer who lives in Crown Heights, Brooklyn, snapped her lock on the bridge with her boyfriend last April, after seeing it suggested online as a cheap   adventure. “They have that fence in Paris,” she said, “and it just seemed like a cool way to celebrate us being together. ” When she returned a few months later with    visitors to show off the lock, it was gone. “I looked all over, and I was kind of bummed,” Ms. DuMars said. “I get it because of engineering and science, but it does kind of bum me out that they cut off our lock. ” Ms. DuMars said that if she were to get married, she would probably risk the fine and put another padlock on. But she would be O. K. if she did not get the chance. “It doesn’t mean that my love for my boyfriend will go away,” she said. “We are still locked down to each other. ” Henry Perahia, who served 14 years as the city’s chief bridge engineer before he retired in 2014, said there were several reasons not to put a lock on the bridge. For one, the concentration of locks sometimes makes it difficult for maintenance workers to gain access to parts of the bridge. The process of removing locks, which is done with bolt cutters, is risky for the cars below a lock can slip from a worker’s hands. Above all, it is the weight. “An older bridge isn’t built with this much extra capacity, to hold that weight,” Mr. Perahia said. “Sometimes sentiment has to be weighed against a potential danger. ” He added: “As a sentiment I send my wife flowers. They’re lighter. ”",0
3809,Evan McMullin: President Donald Trump Is a ’Domestic Enemy’,"Former CIA operative and 2016   presidential candidate Evan McMullin took to Twitter and CNN on Wednesday to defend rogue intelligence agents who break the law to leak classified information, saying President Donald Trump “presents a threat to the country. ”[In response to President Trump’s tweets earlier Wednesday, in which he alleged that elements of the Federal Bureau of Investigation and National Security Agency were engaged in “Russia”  political operations, McMullin tweeted:  By oath, intelligence officials’ first duty is to “defend the Constitution of the United States against all enemies, foreign and domestic.. ” https:  .   —   Evan McMullin (@Evan_McMullin) February 15, 2017,  So, the real scandal isn’t that the President of the United States of America appears to have been   by America’s greatest adversary? https:  .   —   Evan McMullin (@Evan_McMullin) February 15, 2017,  The obvious implication was that McMullin believes that intelligence and law enforcement agents are entitled to break the law based on their own views that the President of the United States is a threat to the Constitution and in cahoots with Russia. Mcmullen reiterated his views on CNN, where he purported to speak for the concern of the agents doing the leaking: “I’ll tell you what their concerns are. There concerns are that Donald Trump presents a threat to the country because of his  —   what they see as his relationship with Vladimir Putin and the relationship of his team to other Russian intelligence officers. ” McMullin cited a New York Times report indicating that Trump campaign aides had contact with Russian intelligence  —   without also noting that the same report indicated there was “no evidence” that the “Trump campaign was colluding with the Russians on the hacking or other efforts to influence the election. ” He went on to make the very claim denied by the Times article, telling Baldwin Trump “ran a campaign that was assisted by a foreign adversary  —   our greatest foreign adversary. ” Pressed by host Brooke Baldwin as to whether there were “too many leaks,” McMullin said that intelligence officers were bound by an oath to defend the country and the Constitution against “domestic and foreign enemies. ” That included “a security threat coming from the White House. ” An obviously sympathetic Baldwin then asked McMullin: “Are any of these people you’re talking to just even worried about him even getting intel briefings, period?” McMullin said that they are  —   and seemed to admit, in the process, that he is speaking with intelligence officials who may be leaking information. During the presidential campaign, McMullin was a leader in the “NeverTrump” movement, consisting of conservatives who rejected Trump as the Republican Party nominee. Though he hoped to flip Utah, among a few other states, to Hillary Clinton by relegating Trump to third place, Trump won in that state and elsewhere. On Tuesday, Weekly Standard    Bill Kristol expressed similar sentiments, and appeared, in theory, to endorse a coup by the “deep state” against the “Trump state. ” Obviously strongly prefer normal democratic and constitutional politics. But if it comes to it, prefer the deep state to the Trump state.  —   Bill Kristol (@BillKristol) February 14, 2017,  Joel B. Pollak is Senior    at Breitbart News. He was named one of the “most influential” people in news media in 2016. His new book, How Trump Won: The Inside Story of a Revolution, is available from Regnery. Follow him on Twitter at @joelpollak.",0
3810,I Voted Clinton. You Voted Trump. Let’s Talk. - The New York Times,"“O. K. Craig,” the father asks, “you ready?” “Yeah, Dad,” replies the son. A raw, emotional and searching conversation followed. In the latest episode of The   we brought together a young gay actor in California, who supported Hillary Clinton, and his father in Kentucky, who backed Donald J. Trump, to talk at length about how they feel about each other’s votes on Election Day. Their conversation is the third and final installment in our series of dialogues between different pairs of voters who are struggling with feelings of betrayal, mystification and fury over the Election Day decision of a person very close to them. In Part 1, we spoke with Kyle and Aaron, once close high school classmates from Illinois. In Part 2, we talked to Amy and Dawn, dear friends and   from Wyoming. All of them had avoided talking about the election, knowing just how difficult the discussion would be. Until now. They were guided by a set of questions, prepared with the advice of social psychologists, that were designed to encourage honest and civil conversation. Subscribe to The   on iTunes or Google Play Music to follow along as we release new episodes. Who they are: Craig, 26, and his father, who asked that we not use his name. The father lives in Louisville, Ky. where Craig grew up. Craig has since moved to California. Their relationship: They’ve grown more distant since Craig left home. Why it feels personal: Craig came out to his parents about a year ago. He grew up in a family where his father was openly derogatory toward gay people and other minority groups. His father has been struggling to accept Craig’s sexuality. The tension has heightened around the election, with Craig feeling betrayed by his father’s vote for Trump, and Craig’s father feeling pressured by his son to evolve in ways that are uncomfortable to him. “We’re from two different sides of the wall,” Craig’s father says. “This gay lifestyle and everything  —   I didn’t grow up with it. ” He describes once, when he was younger, being followed by a man who was trying to pick him up. “I just wanted to beat the hell out of him,” he tells Craig. And then he and his friends caught the guy to do just that. “I’ve come a long way as far as acceptance and tolerance,” he says, reflecting on that past. “I get that you have acceptance and tolerance,” Craig responds. “You accept me as your gay son. But to me that’s you being a good parent. And what I need  —   and what I’ve told you  —   is I need you to be more than accepting of me. I need you to be an ally. To support me is to just support me. I need you to support the ‘us. ’” When the conversation turns to the Confederate flag displayed in his garage, Craig’s father asks what is probably the hardest of the 19 questions: “Do you think I’m a sexist or racist?” After a pause, Craig answers. “Yeah. ” He brings up the derogatory language that his father used when he was a child, which his father acknowledges was a problem and says he’s working to change. “At the time I was ” the father says. “Now I’m maybe  . ” “  what?” Craig asks. “I guess 40 racist. And 60, you know, O. K. I feel like I’m progressing with it. I feel like I’m trying. ” Who they are: Amy, 43. Dawn, 42. Both live in Green River, Wyo. Their relationship:   and neighbors, the women and their families have grown extremely close. Why it feels personal: As the mother of a child with a disability, Amy was deeply offended by how Mr. Trump mocked a disabled reporter during the campaign. Dawn has her own personal stake in the election: Her husband works in the mining industry, a job she worried was threatened by Mrs. Clinton’s policies. “This election was different for me,” Amy tells Dawn. “If, say, John Kasich won, I would be like ‘Well, you win some you lose some.’ . .. I would not have been as upset as I have been, primarily because of some of the behavior that   Trump has exhibited throughout the campaign. ” She continues: “Trump was not my first choice for the candidacy for the presidency,” Dawn says, though she is a Republican and votes Republican. She says she was “disturbed” by “the way he acts and the way he thinks he can do and say these things, and can get away with it and it’s okay. ” But ultimately, she tells Amy, “I had to refocus and reprioritize the reasons I wanted to vote for him. Not that I condone his behaviors, but the other issues were huge for me. ” She explains: Who they are: Aaron Lee Ponce Landaverde is 26. Kyle Hill is 25. Both live in Peoria, Ill. Their relationship: Attended high school together and were teammates on the wrestling and football teams. Why it feels personal: As an   who supported Mrs. Clinton, Mr. Hill took offense at what Mr. Ponce Landaverde, a Trump supporter, posted on Facebook during the election. “I’ve heard race more than anything throughout this whole election, throughout this whole year,” Mr. Ponce Landaverde says. “This whole year is just race. I feel like there needs to be more unity in this country. ” He continues: Mr. Hill explained to his friend why, to him, race was a crucial factor in this election, and is a big part of why he is struggling to understand friends who voted for Mr. Trump. “A lot of what he has said, it’s disparaging for marginalized people in this country  —     Latinos, gay people, women  —   it’s disparaging,” Mr. Hill says. “To a certain extent, voting for Donald Trump after all he said, after all he’s done  —   you have to be somewhat comfortable with that in order to cast that vote for that man. ” He continues: From a desktop or laptop, you can listen by pressing play on the button above. Or if you’re on a mobile device, the instructions below will help you find and subscribe to the series. On your iPhone or iPad: 1. Open your podcast app. It’s a   app called “Podcasts” with a purple icon. (This link may help.) 2. Search for the series. Tap on the “search” magnifying glass icon at the bottom of the screen, type in “The  ” and select it from the list of results. 3. Subscribe. Once on the series page, tap on the “subscribe” button to have new episodes sent to your phone free. You may want to adjust your notifications to be alerted when a new episode arrives. 4. Or just sample. If you would rather listen to an episode or two before deciding to subscribe, tap on the episode title from the list on the series page. If you have an internet connection, you’ll be able to stream the episode. On your Android phone or tablet: 1. Open your podcast app. It’s a   app called “Play Music” with an    icon. (This link may help.) 2. Search for the series. Click on the magnifying glass icon at the top of the screen, search for the name of the series and select it from the list of results. You may have to scroll down to find the “Podcasts” search results. 3. Subscribe. Once on the series page, click on the word “subscribe” to have new episodes sent to your phone free. 4. Or just sample. If you would rather listen to an episode or two before deciding to subscribe, click on the episode title from the list on the series page. If you have an internet connection, you’ll be able to stream the episode.",0
3811,Berlin Attack Poses Toughest Test in Merkel’s 11 Years in Power - The New York Times,"BERLIN  —   She faced down a euro crisis that turned into an existential crossroads for the European Union. She confronted a Russian land grab in Ukraine. Virtually alone among her peers, she welcomed into her country roughly a million migrants who flooded across Europe’s borders. Having made that fateful decision, Chancellor Angela Merkel of Germany now faces what nearly all here are calling the toughest passage of her 11 years in power, after a terrorist attack on Monday in Berlin left 12 people dead. The Islamic State has claimed responsibility, and the authorities are searching for a Tunisian man with Salafist ties. The attack has rendered the chancellor, whose party has already suffered defeats in bellwether votes this year, still more vulnerable as national elections approach in 2017. A defeat for Ms. Merkel could have global consequences. With   populism on the rise across Europe, Ms. Merkel has been seen as a bulwark against illiberal democracy. If she is weakened, and if next spring’s election in France produces a populist president, the already weak European Union could be badly, even fatally, wounded. “This is even more worrying than terrorism, strange though that may sound,” said Jacqueline Boysen, a biographer of Ms. Merkel who has known her since the 1990s. “Terrorism is terrible and frightening, but our political future is so uncertain. ” After Donald J. Trump won the election in the United States, she noted: “We don’t know what will happen in America, and what, for instance, Trump might do with Russia and China. Europe is not even taken into consideration, and that is really worrying. ” For now, Ms. Merkel’s main worry is at home, where the newspaper Bild tried to catch the national mood on Wednesday with a huge headline: “Angst!” or “Fear!” Inside, the commentator Nikolaus Blome analyzed in greater depth, writing that it was up to politicians and especially Ms. Merkel to get a grip on terrorism. “That will be tough: She cannot count on the trust and confidence she long enjoyed but which is now not as certain as it was even two years ago,” he wrote. “She is certainly not the only one to blame. But many people in the country project their anger, their fear, on Angela Merkel, on her personally. So it will become her toughest test. And the end is wide open. ” Ms. Merkel has openly mused about her reluctance to run for a fourth term. But a sense of obligation  —   not just to her party and to her country, but also to Europe as populist forces gain pace  —   seemed to outweigh the obvious: Almost any democratic leader would be vulnerable to a desire for change after three terms in power. If she wins a fourth   term, Ms. Merkel will rival her political patron, Chancellor Helmut Kohl, for longevity in office. She, more than anyone, is aware of the odds. At a party congress where delegates signaled their unhappiness with her decision to admit roughly a million migrants, many of them Muslim, she demanded support: “You must, you must help me. ” Earlier, after her party lost two state elections in September, she even said she wished she could turn the clock back many years and revisit many aspects of immigration policy and security on Europe’s external borders. That all reflected the danger she feels from the   Alternative for Germany, which was established in 2013 as an   party but which swiftly pivoted in 2015 to an   platform that has now propelled it into 10 of Germany’s 16 state legislatures. Alternative for Germany has steadily eaten into the market share of Ms. Merkel’s mainstream, conservative Christian Democratic Union. This week, Alternative for Germany’s leaders wasted no time in blaming Ms. Merkel and her policies for the Berlin attack. More ominously for the chancellor, Horst Seehofer, the leader of the Bavarian sister party to her Christian Democrats, demanded a complete overhaul of immigration and security policy. Ms. Merkel, who still needs Mr. Seehofer’s party to back her run next year, has not responded, allowing others to criticize the Bavarian leader for seeking to make hay out of a terrorist attack. Nonetheless, her cabinet on Wednesday swiftly passed an array of measures, first announced in August, to bolster domestic security, including extensive video surveillance of a kind common in Europe but rare in Germany, where memories of Nazi and Communist tactics mean citizens jealously guard their right to privacy. Ms. Boysen saw the reaction as typical of Ms. Merkel. “She was never someone who let herself be guided by polls,” Ms. Boysen said. “Of course, that plays a part, but she is pragmatic. With this attack, she now has a new task to tackle. That is how she thinks. ” Ulrich Speck, a German analyst in Brussels for a   think tank, Real Instituto Elcano, also argued that Ms. Merkel would simply deal with the new situation in an increasingly unpredictable world. He cited her statement after Mr. Trump’s election in which she laid down conditions  —   including respect for everyone  —   for cooperating with the new president. Domestically, Mr. Speck said, Ms. Merkel can draw on the continuing support for helping migrants. But, he noted, the attack on Monday had opened her to mounting criticism and lent her a rare impression of fragility. “The feeling that someone is there who is managing it for us has gone,” Mr. Speck said, echoing Mr. Blome’s assessment of the chancellor’s rapport with voters. “People are looking more closely, and there is a very vocal minority where there is really an   mood,” Mr. Speck said. But, he added, “I think she has the compass to sense where the middle is. ” However, Jackson Janes, an American expert on Germany with a   think tank, the American Institute for Contemporary German Studies, predicted that “she is going to have a real tough year. ” Uncertainty abroad  —   in Europe and beyond  —   will help scramble German politics, too, he said. That might mean that more parties clear the 5 percent hurdle to get into Parliament in next year’s elections, making it harder to form a viable coalition under Ms. Merkel, even if she and her party finish first. Daniela Schwarzer of the German Council on Foreign Relations, a   think tank, agreed that “this is clearly a very difficult time,” amplified by the danger of terrorist attacks that have increased in frequency in Germany this year. “Merkel, or anyone else, will only be able to maintain the level of support moderate politicians used to have if they demonstrate some kind of vision about where things are going,” she said. Otherwise, she added, support could veer toward “others who have a vision  —        . ” Another danger is the prospect of Russian interference with Germany’s elections, as noted by the head of the country’s foreign intelligence service, Bruno Kahl, and by Ms. Merkel. “It is known that cyberattacks take place that have no other purpose than to provoke political uncertainty,” Mr. Kahl told the newspaper Süddeutsche Zeitung. “A kind of pressure is being exercised on public discourse and democracy here, which is unacceptable. ” Ms. Merkel, in separate remarks about a hacking that left 900, 000 Germans without telephone and internet service recently, said that “such cyberattacks, or hybrid conflicts as they are known in Russian doctrine, are now part of daily life, and we must learn to cope with them. ” In addition to informing citizens, she said: “We cannot allow ourselves to be unsettled by this. We must simply know that this exists, and learn to live with it. ”",0
3812,The Art of Chinese Face Reading: What Your Face Says About Your Personality and Future,"posted by Eddie To some extent, we all read faces all of the time. When we look at someone who is new to us, we unconsciously assess them and form opinions about them, but in addition to this instinctive form of face reading, there are far more detailed methods—for example, like Chinese face reading, which we’ll be exploring in this article—with rules and regulations that have been carefully worked out over a long period of time. The best exponents of this skill are undoubtedly the Chinese, because they specialize in this form of divination. In common with all other serious forms of divination, this is a deep and difficult subject to master, but I’ll just dip into the subject in order to introduce you to a fascinating skill. Way back in the past, school curriculums often included physiognomy, along with palmistry, until the time of Henry VIII, when puritanical religions came in and outlawed these ancient science and interests. Three Major Areas of the Face In the Chinese face reading tradition, they call the forehead area down to the eyebrows Heaven, and this is associated with the early years of one’s life. The middle section of the face, from the eyebrows down to the base of the nose is called Human, and this is associated with the middle years of life. The lower section, from the base of the nose down to the bottom of the face is termed Earth, and this is concerned with old age. Any part of the face that is scarred, malformed, dented or discolored suggests a problem with the aspect of the subject’s life associated with that segment of his face. Grey or black marks, whether they are a permanent feature or just a temporary situation, denote problems that are themselves either temporary or permanent depending upon the type of dark mark. Even if the discoloration is caused by a trick of the light, it will mean something to a Chinese face reading specialist. As in every other form of divination, intuition also plays a part. In the ancient science of chinese face reading, the face is divided into three main areas. Heaven Positive: If this area is clean, clear and well defined, the person will have a good start in life with good parents and a useful education. Negative: Scarring, dents or discoloration here indicate a troubled childhood and a poor education, according to Chinese face reading philosophy. The problems will be worse for a man if the disfigurement is on the left, while for a woman if the disfigurement is on the right. A wide forehead is generally considered beneficial, but in a woman, a very wide forehead suggests poor personal relationships. The lines on the forehead offer a good deal of information, some being lucky and others unfortunate. Human Positive: The middle section of the subject’s life will be happy and productive, with stability in relationships and success in the career . Negative: This brings unhappiness, a lack of success at work and poor relationships. A human section longer than either of the other two sections suggests a determined and self-disciplined personality, according to Chinese face reading masters. Earth Positive: This indicates a happy old age with good relationships with children and grandchildren, along with prosperity and comfort. Negative: This denotes an unhappy and poor old age. The Thirteen Divisions of the Face Chinese face readers further divide the face into 13 sub-sections. Here is a very simplified form of the 13 -section reading, starting from the top of the face and working downward. The 13 divisions of chinese face reading. 1. Tien Chung If this is clean and clear, the subject will have a happy childhood and youth, a good relationship with the parents; the subject’s parents will live to a ripe old age. If it’s marked or misshapen, there will be unhappiness during youth, and poverty or discord in the childhood home. Veins, dark marks and so forth here suggest accidents and sudden losses of money or prestige. A widow’s peak suggests that the father may die before the mother does. 2. Tien Ting This also refers to the parents and background, but it relates more to the mother than the father. Negatively, a marked area suggests that people won’t believe the individual when he is telling the truth. 3. Ssu K’ung A good complexion here suggests a fortunate and successful life , whereas discolorations tell of a bad patch in the subject’s career, according to Chinese face reading philosophy. 4. Chung Cheng If dented, the intellect will be low. If scarred, bumpy or sporting a mole, the subject will be impatient and largely unable to bring his plans to fruition, due either to bad public relations skills or to bad luck. He will also find it hard to make and keep friends. 5. Yin T’ang Chinese face reading masters suggest that if this area is healthy, the subject will receive an inheritance and he will succeed in business. Eyebrows that meet or almost meet denote failure, bad luck and a lack of respect from other people. Marks, scars and black moles can indicate anything from adoption to illness and failure, or even a term of imprisonment. Wrinkles or creases between the eyebrows are all right if the subject is over forty years of age, otherwise they denote difficulties, tension and even a jealous nature. 6. Shan Gen Grayness here denotes illness, whereas a green patch at the side indicates adultery. A mole suggests stomach problems, emigration or imprisonment! 7. Men Shang Moles here suggest stomach trouble, relationship problems or possibly an ill partner. Darkness here denotes a sick child. 8. Shou Shang A high bony nose suggests failure in business. Moles and discolorations signify a sick husband and difficulties with females. 9. Chun T’ou The tip of the nose should be full in shape and clear of marks, hairs and blackheads for good fortune. 10. Jen Chung This is the grooved area between the base of the nose and the mouth, which is called the filtrum, or the falin line. If the base of the groove is wider than the upper and the indentation neither too deep nor too fl at, the subject will have healthy children and will achieve a high level of wealth and status in life. If it’s wider at the top and shallow, the subject will have trouble in having children. His nature will be sour and he will have bad manners. Relationships will be difficult. If this area is bent, the subject will be childless, deceitful and unpopular. A straight line marked down the middle of the groove denotes children late in life according to the science of Chinese face reading. 11. Shui Hsing The mouth should be reasonably full, with a pinkish color and upturned corners to ensure prosperity, good health and a happy marriage. 12. Ch’eng Chiang If this area is dark in the morning, the subject should avoid traveling over water during the course of that day. A man who has a hairless gap beneath his lower lip or a person of either sex who has a discoloration or scar in this area must be careful of their diet, because the stomach may be weak. 13. Ti ko The chin should be rounded, slightly protuberant and strong in appearance. A sharp chin is unlucky and a chin that points to the side belongs to someone who holds grudges. Any scarring or discoloration denotes money losses and possibly the loss of an inheritance. This can also predict family sickness and accidents. This article on Chinese face reading is from the book: Body Reading, Plain & Simple by Sasha Fenton Source:",0
3813,Central Bank sees Russia’s moving up in Doing Business rating as good sign,"Central Bank sees Russia’s moving up in Doing Business rating as good sign October 27, 2016 TASS Doing business in Russia , banks , ranking Russia moved up to the 40th position in the Doing Business-2017 rating. Source: Getty Images 
The Central Bank sees Russia’s moving up in the Doing Business rating as a good sign, Deputy CEO of the Central Bank Vladimir Chistyukhin told reporters. 
""That is a very significant leap and a very positive sign for us. It shows that the efforts we made in many fields, in particular in corporate management were not in vain,"" he said. 
Earlier this week it was reported that Russia moved up to the 40th position in the Doing Business-2017 rating, which is annually prepared by the World Bank. 
In 2012, Russia ranked 124th in that rating. 
In his May decrees issued in 2012 President Vladimir Putin set the task for the country to reach the 20th position in the rating of the World Bank by 2018. 
In 2016, Russia was on the 51st place in the Doing Business rating. 
However the methods of calculation of the World Bank’s rating changed earlier this year. Taking into account these changes Russia could have been on the 36th place already in 2015.",0
3815,Ex-New York Officer Gets 5 Years of Probation in Fatal Brooklyn Shooting - The New York Times,"Former Officer Peter Liang will not serve any time in prison for fatally shooting an unarmed man in a Brooklyn housing project stairwell two years ago, but was instead sentenced on Tuesday to probation and community service. The sentence  —   in one of the most divisive police misconduct cases in recent New York City history  —   came just moments after the judge took the unusual steps of ruling that the shooting was essentially an accident and reducing the jury’s verdict on manslaughter charges to the less severe criminally negligent homicide. Though the Brooklyn district attorney’s office promised to appeal the ruling, the sentencing was a decisive move in the politically contentious case that highlighted concerns over police accountability, especially in black neighborhoods, but never neatly fit the narrative of other killings by   officers around the country. It is rare for police officers even to be charged and brought to court in shooting cases while this one resulted in a guilty verdict at a   trial this winter, the sentencing was deeply disappointing to the family of the victim, Akai Gurley. As Justice Danny K. Chun of State Supreme Court in Brooklyn imposed five years of probation and 800 hours of community service, Mr. Liang sat still at the defendant’s table showing little emotion. Behind him, the benches were packed with Mr. Gurley’s loved ones. When the hourlong hearing came to an end and it was clear that Mr. Liang would not serve time in prison, Hertencia Petersen, Mr. Gurley’s aunt, stepped into a hallway shouting: “There is no justice! Akai Gurley’s life didn’t matter!” Mr. Gurley died on Nov. 20, 2014, when his heart was pierced by a ricocheting bullet that Mr. Liang had fired while on a night patrol in a dark stairwell in the Louis H. Pink Houses in the East New York neighborhood. In February, a jury convicted him of manslaughter and official misconduct, rejecting his testimony that the gun had simply gone off in his hand and finding that he had failed to help Mr. Gurley as he lay dying on a   landing. Before the sentence was issued, Mr. Gurley’s girlfriend, Melissa Butler, who was with him when he died, told Mr. Liang that even today, she was still in pain and needed the solace of justice. “You took a piece of me,” she said. “You took a piece of my heart. ” Moments later, Mr. Liang himself stood and turned toward Ms. Butler and the others, apologizing for having killed a man they loved. “The shot was accidental,” he said. “My life has forever changed. ” It was at that point that Justice Chun announced that he was going to reduce the manslaughter verdict, saying there was no evidence that Mr. Liang was even aware of Mr. Gurley’s presence in the stairwell. “This was not an intentional act,” the judge said. “This was a criminally negligent act. As such, I find incarceration not necessary. ” Just minutes earlier, Paul Shechtman, the former officer’s lawyer, had said much the same thing, telling Justice Chun that while other police officers in recent years had maliciously hurt and killed young black men, Mr. Liang “is not them. ” After the hearing, District Attorney Ken Thompson released a statement saying he planned to appeal Justice Chun’s decision to reduce the jury’s verdict  —   an unusual move from a man who all along has taken a Solomonic approach to the complicated case. From the start, Mr. Thompson faced enormous pressure to pursue an indictment against Mr. Liang, who killed Mr. Gurley the same year that Eric Garner died during a police arrest on Staten Island. As Brooklyn’s first black district attorney, Mr. Thompson had vowed to bring a heightened sense of social justice to the borough’s communities of color. But after the conviction, Mr. Thompson issued a letter recommending that Mr. Liang should not serve time in prison. The letter referred to Mr. Gurley as “a completely innocent man who lost his life for no reason,” but also said Mr. Liang had no prior criminal history and posed no threat to public safety. In court on Tuesday, Justice Chun said that Mr. Thompson’s recommendation was “entirely and completely appropriate. ” He added that on that November night two years ago, shooting Mr. Gurley was “probably the last thing” on Mr. Liang’s mind. Speaking after the hearing, Mr. Shechtman said he was pleased with the sentence and understood the disappointment of Mr. Gurley’s family. “We have very mixed emotions,” Mr. Shechtman said. “But this is a good day for Peter Liang in a year and a half when there haven’t been many good days. ” As word of the sentence made its way onto the street, dueling groups of protesters erupted into chants and debate. About 60 people, waving signs and shouting, gathered around Ms. Petersen, Mr. Gurley’s aunt. “Another black man has been murdered by the hands of the Police Department and the officer is not being held accountable,” she said. “This right here is not the end. We’re going to continue to fight until we get justice. ” Across the street, another crowd massed in support of Mr. Liang, who is of Chinese heritage. “Accident does not mean crime,” Helen Zhu said. “Chinese are no more silent. We just want justice  —   justice for all. All people’s lives matter. ”",0
3816,"GERMANY: Syrian Muslim invader shouting “Allahu Akbar” disrupts church wedding, gropes statue of Virgin Mary","GERMANY: Syrian Muslim invader shouting “Allahu Akbar” disrupts church wedding, gropes statue of Virgin Mary A newlywed couple claims their big day was ruined when a Muslim illegal alien burst inside the church shouting ‘Allahu Akbar’ and then started tearing down wedding decorations, laughing wildly, and fondling a statue of the Virgin Mary. ( Maybe he had a ‘sexual emergency?’ ) Karmel Church in Duisburg UK Daily Mail (h/t Brenda K) Groom Marcel Lohbeck, 35, and bride Friederike were celebrating their wedding with 90 guests in the Karmel Church in Duisburg, a city in western Germany . Lochbeck said: ‘At the beginning of the ceremony, a man with a thick jumper and a hat on came into the church and sat in the back row. ‘Shortly afterwards, he stood up and wandered around the candles. He laughed in a disturbing manner and then fondled the statue of Mary. ‘He had been speaking in Arabic and partly English. He then started destroying the flowers and kept shouting “Allahu Akbar”.’ Police officer Ludger A., 57, the uncle of the groom, reportedly tried to intervene along with the church sexton. The officer said: ‘We tried to calm the Syrian Muslim invader.’ After the man again refused to leave the church, there was a fight in which the police officer got slight injuries to his face. Yet he managed to restrain the man until his colleagues from the Duisburg police could arrive. After a medical examination, the 23-year-old Syrian was taken to a psychiatric hospital. Well, at least he didn’t destroy the statue and urinate on it as Muslims did HERE :",0
3817,Hamas Refuses to Turn in Islamic State Loyalists to Egypt  ,"Hamas has turned down Egypt’s request to extradite detained jihadists who have been involved in insurgency against the Egyptian army, a Hamas official told Breitbart Jerusalem. [Hamas’ deputy diplomatic leader Mousa Abu Marzouk and former Prime Minister Ismail Haniyeh met with Egyptian military officials this week.  “Extraditing jihadists to Egypt would send significant shockwaves across the Gaza Strip and will create a backlash among Hamas loyalists, most notably its military wing operatives,” a Hamas official told Breitbart Jerusalem. He said the fate of the jihadists detained by Hamas was a central part of the negotiation between the two parties and the main impediment to progress in an overall positive process of rapprochement with Egypt. “Haniyeh and Marzouk gave all the information they had about Islamic State loyalists in the Gaza Strip, including some specific names that the Egyptians raised,” he said. “They also pledged that they’ll pass on any information their interrogation may yield. But extradition remains a bone of contention. ” He said that security arrangements across the border to prevent the movement of militants between Sinai and Gaza have been discussed, as well as the establishment of a joint force. He failed to disclose any further details about this. Meanwhile, Hamas has continued to loosen its grip on IS sympathizers in Gaza. A Gaza jihadi affiliated with IS ideology said that for the first time in almost a year Hamas has allowed detainees to be visited by their families. Abu Baker Almuhajer surmised that Hamas is hoping to persuade Welayat Sinai, IS’s Egyptian affiliate, to send a weapons shipment it has delayed. Speaking to Egyptian journalists in Cairo, Marzouk said that Hamas “turned over a new leaf with Egypt, and no longer shelters anyone who may be a risk to Egypt’s national security. ” He said Hamas’ relationship with Egypt was better than it had ever been, and that the Egyptian judiciary had failed to link Hamas to attacks against Egyptian targets. “Currently, there are no more outstanding issues between us and our Egyptian brothers,” he said. “We received from them a wanted list, comprising very few names, and we’ll discuss each of them individually. ”",0
3818,"Talks With Mitt Romney for Secretary of State ‘Not About Revenge,’ Trump Says - The New York Times","WASHINGTON  —     Donald J. Trump said on Wednesday that Mitt Romney, the 2012 Republican presidential nominee, was still in the running to become his secretary of state despite their bitter differences during the campaign, as he narrowed his choices and planned an announcement next week for the crucial post. “We had some tremendous difficulty together, and now I think we’ve come a long way,” Mr. Trump said of Mr. Romney in a telephone interview on NBC’s “Today” show, where it was announced that Time magazine had named the   its “Person of the Year. ” Mr. Trump said the   selection process and highly publicized flirtation with Mr. Romney was not intended to torment a campaign nemesis but rather to find the right person to serve as the nation’s chief diplomat. “It’s not about revenge, it’s about what’s good for the country, and I’m able to put this stuff behind us,” Mr. Trump said. Nearly a month after his stunning election upset ended a bitterly divisive presidential race, Mr. Trump flatly refused any responsibility for the rifts, saying, “I’m not president yet, so I didn’t do anything to divide. ” But in the interview with Time, Mr. Trump repeated some of the harsh talk that marked his unorthodox campaign, and he declined to criticize or contradict President Rodrigo Duterte of the Philippines, who has called President Obama a “son of a whore” and has been accused of waging a campaign of extrajudicial killings of thousands of people suspected of being drug dealers. Told that his promises to crack down on undocumented immigrants who kill and rape Americans echo Mr. Duterte’s talk about annihilating drug dealers and users, Mr. Trump did not dispute the comparison. “Well, hey, look, this is bad stuff,” he told Time. “They slice them up, they carve their initials in the girl’s forehead, O. K.? What are we supposed to do? Be nice about it?” He also rejected the conclusion of United States intelligence officials who had said Russia was behind the hacking of the Democratic National Committee and Clinton campaign emails released on WikiLeaks, saying he thought that conclusion was driven by politics. “I don’t believe it. I don’t believe they interfered,” Trump said of the Russians. The interview came as Mr. Trump continued to fill out the ranks of his administration with loyalists who will play pivotal roles. He told donors at a private   at the restaurant Cipriani in Manhattan that Terry E. Branstad, the governor of Iowa and an early supporter of his campaign, would be the United States ambassador to China, a crucial post managing a complex relationship that Mr. Trump has indicated he is willing to shake up even further. Mr. Trump also said he would have more “big announcements” on personnel on Wednesday and Thursday. Another contender for secretary of state, he said on “Today,” is Rex W. Tillerson, the president and chief executive of Exxon Mobil, whom he called a “great, great gentleman” who has “built a tremendous company over a period of years with great style. ” He said he had ruled out “in my own mind” other prominent candidates who have been considered for the post  —   a group that includes Rudolph W. Giuliani, the former mayor of New York Gen. David H. Petraeus, the former C. I. A. director Senator Bob Corker of Tennessee and John R. Bolton, a former ambassador to the United Nations  —   but he declined to say which ones. One day after picking a fight on Twitter with Boeing over the cost of developing the next generation of Air Force One, Mr. Trump said he had spoken to officials at the company and would insist on a   aircraft or cancel the contract. “We’re going to work it out, but you know that’s what I’m here for,” Mr. Trump said. “I’m going to negotiate prices, and the planes are too expensive, and we’re going to get the prices down, and if we don’t get the prices down, we’re not going to order them. ” He also explained his apparent decision in June, divulged by a member of his transition team on Tuesday, to sell all of his stock holdings, a move he said he made to avoid “tremendous” potential conflicts of interest in the event he won the election. “I don’t think its appropriate for me to be owning stocks when I’m making deals for this country that maybe will affect one company positively and one company negatively,” Mr. Trump said. Time magazine’s article branded him the president of the “divided states of America,” a characterization Mr. Trump denounced as “snarky. ” “When you say divided states of America, I didn’t divide them,” Mr. Trump told NBC. “They’re divided now, there’s a lot of division, and we’re going to put it back together, and we’re going to have a country that’s very well healed. ” In the interview with Time, he suggested he was willing to moderate some of his   campaign stances and adjust others to appeal to a broader portion of Americans. Mr. Trump, whose campaign was fueled largely by promises to build a wall on the country’s southern border and deport those who came in illegally, said he would like to find an accommodation for the undocumented young people  —   often referred to as Dreamers  —   who were brought to the United States as children. After Mr. Obama took executive action to create a program granting them legal status, many of those who came forward to register now worry that they could be easily found and deported. “We’re going to work something out that’s going to make people happy and proud,” Mr. Trump told Time. “They got brought here at a very young age, they’ve worked here, they’ve gone to school here. Some were good students. Some have wonderful jobs. And they’re in   land because they don’t know what’s going to happen. ” On economic policy, Mr. Trump suggested that a major new infrastructure and tax package could serve as stimulus  —   “You have to prime the pump” to create jobs and accelerate growth, he told Time  —   just as Mr. Obama’s $787 billion economic recovery package was intended to do when he took office in 2009. Mr. Trump told NBC that he had developed a tight rapport with Mr. Obama, with whom he has had a “very good dialogue” about policy ideas and personnel choices. “I take his recommendations very seriously,” Mr. Trump said of Mr. Obama.",0
3819,You Will Never Want To Use Johnson & Johnson Baby Powder After Reading This,"A jury in St. Louis has awarded a California woman over $70 million in her lawsuit alleging Johnson & Johnson’s baby powder of giving her cancer. 

This lawsuit is raising concerns about the health ramifications of the extended use of talcum powder. 

The trial began on September 26th, 2016 after Deborah Giannecchini of Modesto, California was diagnosed with ovarian cancer back in 2012. Her suit accused Johnson & Johnson of “negligent conduct” in making and marketing baby powder that is hazardous to human health. 

There have already been two other lawsuits this year in St. Louis, ending in jury verdicts worth a combined $127 million. $72 million was awarded in February to relatives of a woman in Alabama who died of ovarian cancer, and a $55 million award was given to a South Dakota survivor in May. Yet there were two others in New Jersey that were thrown out by a judge who said there wasn’t enough reliable evidence that talcum powder leads to ovarian cancer. Ovarian cancer, an often fatal but relatively rare form of cancer accounts for about 22,000 of the 1/7 million new cases expected to be diagnosed in the U.S. this year. 

About 2,000 women have filed similar suits, while lawyers are reviewing thousands of other potential cases. 

Although there are studies that claim that the use of talcum powder is safe, there is other research that connects talcum powder to ovarian cancer. Case studies have indicated that women who regularly use talcum on their genital area face up to a 40% higher risk of developing ovarian cancer. 

The International Agency for Research on Cancer classifies genital use of talcum as “possibly carcinogenic”, and yet the National Toxicology Program, made up of parts of several different government agencies, has not completely reviewed talcum yet. 

Talcum is mainly used in a variety of products like paint and plastics, but since at least 1894, it has also been used in cosmetics and personal care products to absorb moisture. Talcum is the softest of minerals and it is mined from deposits from around the world and crushed into a white powder. 

Prior to this recent verdict, the two previous St. Louis verdicts were the first talcum powder cases in which money was awarded. 

This is not the first time Johnson & Johnson has been targeted by health and consumer groups over the ingredients in its products. In 2012 the company agreed to eliminate 1,4-dioxane and formaldehyde from all products by 2015. 

 ",0
3820,"BREAKING: Active Shooter Azusa, CA Polling Station, Multple Injured 1 DEAD (LIVE BLOG)","We Are Change 
ISIS encouraged attacks on U.S. polling stations in a message they posted to the internet earlier in the week.
Now it seems that ISIS might be carrying out those threats it’s been reported that an active shooter is around the Azusca, California polling station.
One person has been reported killed, Four reported injured according to the LATimes, but this number may climb this is an active shooting situation the shooter is said to be heavily armed and anyone near Azusca California is advised to seek safety.
Update: One person has died as a result of the shooting near a polling station in Azusa; at least 3 others injured https://t.co/XB9VWafNWp pic.twitter.com/9kHlI22PSV 
— Los Angeles Times (@latimes) November 8, 2016 

(THIS IS A BREAKING NEWS STORY, AND WILL BE UPDATED AS NEW INFORMATION BECOMES AVAILABLE.)
The post BREAKING: Active Shooter Azusa, CA Polling Station, Multple Injured 1 DEAD (LIVE BLOG) appeared first on We Are Change .
",0
3821,Bayern-Fan plötzlich RB-Leipzig-Fan,"Montag, 21. November 2016 Bayern-Fan plötzlich RB-Leipzig-Fan Köln (dpo) - Manch einer hätte ihn fast nicht wiedererkannt: Seit diesem Wochenende ist Dennis Langner (24) aus Köln plötzlich bekennender Fan von RB Leipzig. Nach Angaben seiner Kollegen war der Bürokommunikationskaufmann, der heute erstmals im Leipzig-Trikot und -Schal auf der Arbeit erschien, zuvor glühender Anhänger des FC Bayern München. Auf seine überraschende Wandlung angesprochen erklärt Langner: ""Ich soll ein Bayern-Fan gewesen sein? So ein Quatsch! Niemals würde ich diese Münchner Gurkentruppe unterstützen."" Langner reckt stolz einen RB-Leipzig-Schal in die Höhe, an dem noch das Etikett baumelt. ""Ich freue mich einfach nur, dass mein Team Tabellenführer ist. Darauf ein Red Bull!"" Dass Langner nichts für den FC Bayern München übrig hat, scheint zu stimmen. Immerhin quillt die Mülltonne bei ihm zu Hause vor Fanartikeln des verhassten Vereins aus München nahezu über. ""Die anderen sind doch nur neidisch auf mich, weil mein Team so erfolgreich ist und ich so viel Ahnung von Fußball habe"", erklärt der 24-Jährige die Gerüchte über seine angebliche frühere Bayern-Anhängerschaft. ""Mein Lieblingsspieler bei Leipzig? Puh… Ja, also, die Nummer 10 find ich sehr gut. Der ist richtig stark. Oh, Sekunde, hihi, da kommt ein Köln-Fan."" Langner grüßt einen Kollegen: ""Na, Becki? Hat der FC wieder verkackt? Mönsch, das tut mir aber leid. Also mein Verein hat gewonnen!"" ssi, dan; Foto: Shutterstock",0
3822,Six Years Ago Today SEAL Team Six Likely Used This Gun to End Osama bin Laden - Breitbart,"On May 2, 2011, SEAL Team Six breached Osama bin Laden’s Abbottadad, Pakistan compound and ended the life of the most wanted terrorist on earth, and the team member who actually shot bin Laden reportedly did so with a Heckler  Koch 416. [Fox News identified the SEAL Team Six member who fired the fatal shots as Rob O’Neill.  When the gun type was reported by other outlets, Breitbart News reached out to a former Navy SEAL for verification and he said the HK 416 was “very likely” the gun used to take out bin Laden. The Tribunist reported that the HK 416 used in the raid had “a 10 inch barrel and a list of high dollar accessories. ” This means the gun would have been an HK 416 A5 (11″) as seen here: Or an HK 416 with a 10. 4″ barrel, as seen here: The Heckler and Koch website describes the 416 10. 4″ saying: Heckler and Koch developed the HK416 for U. S. special operations forces as a major product improvement of    carbines and rifles. Using the   gas piston system found on the G36, the HK416 does not introduce propellant gases and carbon fouling back into the weapon’s interior, making it the most reliable of any   type weapon. The HK416 has been   in Southwest Asia and has also gained worldwide attention of military, law enforcement, and security users. In April 2007, the HK416 was selected as the new Norwegian Army rifle. The 10. 4 inch barrel model is the shortest, most compact variant and is widely used by special operations, law enforcement, and military units worldwide. CNN recounted the details of the raid that ended bin Laden’s life: May 2, 2011  —   In the early morning hours (approximately   on May 1 in the United States) a group of 25 Navy Seals raid the compound in Abbottabad, Pakistan. When gun controllers see either of the above versions of the HK 416, they may be quick to describe them as the same kind of   rifles that civilians buy stateside. However, military rifles and civilian rifles are far different. On the sides of both photographs of the 416 you will notice a selector switch that lets the firearm go from   —  which is the version civilians own —  to fully automatic or three round bursts, both of which are used by military personnel. The civilian versions only resemble the military versions in shape and appearance. AWR Hawkins is the Second Amendment columnist for Breitbart News and host of Bullets with AWR Hawkins, a Breitbart News podcast. He is also the political analyst for Armed American Radio. Follow him on Twitter: @AWRHawkins. Reach him directly at awrhawkins@breitbart. com.",0
3823,"“Kindest People You’ve Ever Met”: American Journalist Describes Lebanon, Syrian Attitude After Trip","Era of Wisdom October 27, 2016 
Brandon Turbeville took a trip to Lebanon, and almost made it to Syria last month, to report on what is really going on. 
He observed no chemtrails in Lebanon. He said food is generally cheaper there than in the United States, and it is some of the the most flavorful food he has ever eaten. 
Upon arriving back in the United States, he noticed a sickly, tired, generally unwell state of being in Americans, compared to the people who seemed full of life in Lebanon. He described feeling ill for days trying to re-acclimate to the “American diet.” 
This is part two of the interview, part one can be found here . 
He observed no chemtrails in Lebanon. He said food is generally cheaper there than in the United States, and it is some of the the most flavorful food he has ever eaten. 
Upon arriving back in the United States, he noticed a sickly, tired, generally unwell state of being in Americans, compared to the people who seemed full of life in Lebanon. He described feeling ill for days trying to re-acclimate to the “American diet.” 
Brandon Turbeville is a journalist with Activist Post , and he has his own website which you can find her e. He is also the vice editor and a contributor at Era of Wisdom , and you can find an excellent interview with Brandon and James Corbett of the Corbett Report at this link . 

This article ( “Kindest People You’ve Ever Met”: American Journalist Describes Lebanon, Syrian Attitude After Trip ) is free and open source. You have permission to republish this article under a Creative Commons license with attribution to Era of Wisdom.org . This entry was posted in propaganda . Bookmark the permalink . ← “The Fed Failed ….” And that Changes Everything David S 
If you can find it, I would highly recommend watching the PBS series Rick Steve’s Europe – specifically his shows on Iran. What becomes clearly obvious is that when war is sought by the powers that be, and the powers that profit from death and destruction, the propaganda machine goes into full demonization mode. As can be seen in the show, the people of Iran are warm, wonderful people, just like Americans, who simply wish to live their lives in peace, and would likely be much happier if not for the horrible government they have to live under (just like Americans – and I am not distinguishing between democrat and republican in my condemnation – they are BOTH THE SAME). When war is sought, EVERY member of the target group becomes Hitler or worse. The same was done with the Japanese, the Germans, the Italians, and for decades the Soviets. But really, who is the most horrible of the horrible in any society? The government of course. But the government is RARELY the target of the bombs, the missiles, or the occupation and destruction. But hey, they’re just Huns, Gooks, Chinks, Japs, Rag heads, sand niggers, camel jockies, etc……right??? So who cares how many of them get blown to pieces. Well of course that is how Halliburton, Lockeed, the banksters, the Military-Industrial-Congressional complex, etc. want you to think, and thankfully the boot-licking compliant mainstream media is more than happy to paint whatever horrible picture of the country as is needed to engender those feelings. Donate",0
3824,Retail Payrolls Sustain a New Blow as Shopping Habits Shift - The New York Times,"Doors at many Macy’s, Sears and J. C. Penney stores may still be open, but some of the jobs they once supported are starting to vanish. General merchandise stores shed 34, 700 jobs in March, the government announced Friday, the single most disappointing figure in a generally disappointing jobs report. After hitting a low point during the recession in December 2009, the retail sector has reliably been churning out more jobs. Though the Labor Department’s monthly employment summary provides only a snapshot of the labor market, this is the second month in a row that retail payrolls have registered substantial losses  —   a possible sign that larger structural changes are in the works. “  and technology have absolutely changed the rules of the game and given massive amounts of power to the consumer,” said Simeon Siegel, a retail analyst at Nomura. “There is a   mentality now. People walk around with their phones in their hand to tell them the best model and the best price. You don’t need as many people walking around trying to convince you to buy a sweater. ” The vitality of the retail sector has been muscled out of the spotlight lately by a focus on   manufacturing jobs, which President Trump sees as crucial to the revival of the middle class, particularly in the Midwest and the South. But retail outlets still employ millions of Americans and serve as an entry point into the labor force, especially for those with less education and fewer skills. Remember that while General Motors was once the single largest employer, today Walmart is. Yet even Walmart is having to contend with a sea change in the way people shop. The company, for instance, has been closing smaller stores in rural areas, according to Barbara Denham, a senior economist at Reis, a real estate data and analytics firm. Jack Kleinhenz, the chief economist at the National Retail Federation, does not discount the magnitude of the transformation that is occurring in retail, but cautioned that the monthly job figures are also highly subject to temporary vagaries. “One of the challenges we have at this time of the year is the quirkiness of seasonal forces,” he said. An unexpectedly warm February and snowy March and the late arrival of Easter could have elbowed the numbers in an uncharacteristic way. The retail employment number, he said, does not necessarily “translate into backsliding of retail sales. ” Diane Swonk, the chief executive of DS Economics in Chicago, agreed. The falloff in hiring “is not a reflection of a consumer than can’t spend, but rather of how they spend,” she said. “Retail is one of the largest employers in the country, and it’s going to go through a pretty massive secular restructuring. We shop differently now, and no one has the right model. ” Most shopping is still done in person rather than online, but shopping patterns are shifting. Ms. Swonk mentioned research that shows consumers like to buy online but return things to    stores. “Clearly, it’s just not one or the other, not just bricks or clicks,” she said. But the marketplace is rapidly changing and retailers “are not sure what the endgame is. ”   may cause a drop in retail jobs, but a rise in warehouse, distribution and transportation jobs. At the same time, consumers have not only been changing how they shop, but what they buy. Ms. Denham noted that while the entire retail sector ended up down nearly 30, 000 jobs, the restaurant industry showed a gain of 20, 000 in March on top of steady previous growth. “There’s been a shift in consumer spending from things to experiences,” she said, “that’s why restaurants are doing so well. ”",0
3825,US Admits Use of Depleted Uranium in Syria,"Videos US Admits Use of Depleted Uranium in Syria Between the strikes on the two dates, 5,100 rounds of 30mm DU ammunition were used by A-10 Thunderbolt II aircraft. This equates to 1,524kg of DU. CENTCOM said that the ammunition was selected because of the “nature of the targets”. | November 2, 2016 Be Sociable, Share! Secretary of State John Kerry is threatening to cut off all contacts with Moscow over Syria, unless Russian and Syrian government attacks on Aleppo end. The State Department says Kerry issued the ultimatum in a Wednesday, Sept. 28, 2016, telephone call to Russian Foreign Minister Sergey Lavrov. ( ) – The US has finally confirmed that it has fired DU ammunition Syria, after it had earlier stated that the weapons would not be used. US Central Command (CENTCOM) has acknowledged that DU was fired on two dates – the 18 and 23 November 2015. Between the strikes on the two dates, 5,100 rounds of 30mm DU ammunition were used by A-10 Thunderbolt II aircraft. This equates to 1,524kg of DU. CENTCOM said that the ammunition was selected because of the “nature of the targets”. The news comes as governments are debating a UN General Assembly resolution on DU weapons in New York. And, although DU use has only been admitted on two dates, ICBUW and PAX are concerned that this disclosure could be the sign that DU has, or will, be used more widely in the conflict. In March 2015, and following the deployment of A-10s to the conflict, the US had confirmed to journalists that the aircraft would not be armed with DU, stating: “U.S. and Coalition aircraft have not been and will not be using depleted uranium munitions in Iraq or Syria during Operation Inherent Resolve.” Justifying the decision, CENTCOM public affairs explained that: “The ammunition is developed to destroy tanks on a conventional battlefield; Daesh does not possess large numbers of tanks.” CENTCOM confirms DU use IRIN news finally extracted the confirmation that DU had been used from CENTCOM on October 20, and after weeks of denials. The revelations first came to light after an aide to Congresswoman Martha McSally (Rep, AZ) – herself a former A-10 combat pilot – responded to a question from DU activist, and constituent, Jack Cohen-Joppa. However a number of CENTCOM sources initially denied that the information was accurate. Confirming that the data were indeed accurate, a spokesperson for CENTCOM said earlier denials were due to “an error in reporting down range.” “Without the chance disclosure from McSally’s office, and the dogged pursuit of CENTCOM by IRIN, the US would not have volunteered this data,” said ICBUW Coordinator Doug Weir. “Sadly this is typical of the poor transparency we have seen from the US and we urge CENTCOM and the Coalition to clarify their policy on DU use in Syria and explain how its use fits with its public claims that the ammunition is solely for use against armoured targets. ” Unclear why DU was used The US regularly states that DU ammunition is specifically used only for engaging armoured targets, in accordance with its own legal guidelines, although evidence from a number of conflicts has shown that these guidelines are commonly ignored. ICBUW had earlier analysed the target information released by CENTCOM for the two dates in question. On neither date did CENTCOM explicitly state that it had launched attacks against armoured vehicles, with the majority of strikes against Islamic State light tactical vehicles, vehicle-borne improvised explosive devices and oil infrastructure. Such targets have been attacked regularly by the US-led Coalition, apparently without resorting to the use of DU. The most unusual strike that ICBUW identified took place on the 18 th November, when the US attacked 283 parked oil tankers , however the A-10’s alternative 30mm ammunition type – a high explosive incendiary round – would presumably have been sufficient to destroy tankers laden with oil. Footage released from the strike is indicative of 30mm DU use. Recently published data from the 2003 Iraq War showed that A-10s used more DU against targets that were not tanks or armoured vehicles, questioning the current US justification that DU was needed in Syria. Historic data from the Gulf War also demonstrated that most armoured targets destroyed by A-10s were targeted by Maverick missiles, not DU. What must happen now ICBUW and PAX are calling for urgent clarification from the US authorities on both the incidents and its DU policy for the conflict, and for them to swiftly release detailed and accurate targeting data to ensure that the relevant authorities can conduct clearance and risk awareness efforts and isolate and recover contaminated material. “Given DU’s nature as a toxic and radioactive heavy metal, and concerns previously expressed by Syrian civilians that it might be used, it’s deeply worrying that the US chose to use DU again,” said PAX’s researcher Wim Zwijnenburg. “The US should provide all target data and technical assistance to mine-clearance organisations and local authorities to ensure that swift clean-up operations for this low-level radioactive waste is undertaken to prevent Syrian civilians being exposed.” “Public relations efforts are indicated” The US has long been conscious of the stigmatisation of the use of DU weapons. As far back as 1991 the US military were advised that: “… fielding and combat activities [with DU] present the potential for adverse international reaction .” It was therefore predictable that Russian state media quickly highlighted news that DU had been used in Syria, with Russia’s embassies in Paris, Ottawa and London tweeting the news, as Russia sought to draw attention away from its own conduct in the conflict. Russia has its own stocks of DU weapons and consistently abstains on DU resolutions at the UN General Assembly. It seems inevitable that, given the widespread global opposition to the use of the weapons, the Russian and Syrian governments will continue to use the news that DU has been used against the US and its coalition allies. This report prepared by ICBUW Be Sociable, Share!",0
3826,"Young Women Get Buzzed, on Their Own Terms - The New York Times","A generation of young women is discovering a new way to get buzzed  —   no illicit substances required. Instead, all that’s needed is a good pair of clippers and some nerve. “Ever since I shaved my head, I really bloomed,” said Alana Derksen, a    Toronto resident, whose buzz cut frequently draws admiring comments from her more than 21, 000 Instagram followers. “It’s given me this confidence I never had. ” Ms. Derksen had wanted to shave her head for years but refrained out of fear of how her “conservative” family would react. Then, late one night last summer during a tense trip home, she finally gave in to the impulse, cutting off her hair in her parents’ bathroom and using a Bic razor to finish the job. Now, she said, she’s so used to her bald head, which she maintains with electric clippers, she has nightmares about her hair growing back. Even her parents have come around on the shorn ’do. “At first they thought there was something wrong with me,” she said. “Now they love it. ” Regardless of parental approval, it seems more and more women are taking up the clippers to make a statement  —   sartorial or otherwise. “I’ve definitely noticed this trend on the streets recently,” said Andrea Donoghue, who owns Laurel, a private studio in the East Village. “I think it’s a trickle down from what’s been happening in fashion lately. ” Models like Ruth Bell, whose career took off after she got buzzed for an Alexander McQueen campaign last year, have helped popularize the style. High fashion has always had an appreciation for a shaved head, but this time even   brands like Zara and Forever 21 embraced Ms. Bell. “A client of mine recently came in with a picture of Ruth from a Zara campaign,” Ms. Donoghue recalled. “Before, it was more punk,” said Tamy Glauser, 31, whose nearly    buzz cut predates her modeling career. “Now, people are starting to think maybe a shaved head is actually really chic and elegant. It’s not just for skinheads. ” Ms. Glauser has walked the runway for Louis Vuitton for the last five seasons, and credits the designer Nicolas Ghesquière’s stamp of approval for helping to change the fashion industry’s view on bald women. Fashion has always had a symbiotic (some may say parasitic) relationship to subculture. So while the buzz cut is more visible than ever within the fashion community, the trend is undeniably rooted in the street. Take  ’s recent Futurewise issue: One of its four covers features a buzz cut on the model Lina Hoss, but inside the issue, which was envisioned as “a global portrait of youth, opinion and style in 2016,” you can spot many more on the teenagers   by the publication. “Individuality and androgyny are certainly not a new thing in fashion, but the trend has swung back around due to a larger gender conversation,” said Alastair McKimm, the fashion director at  . As awareness of the transgender community dawns in the United States, and as the English language grapples with new gender pronouns, millennials (sometimes called the   generation) are placing greater importance on expressing their identity through clothing, makeup  —   and, yes, hair. “A girl with a buzz cut is like Jaden Smith wearing a skirt,” Ms. Glauser said, referring to Will Smith’s son, who has publicly challenged gender norms through fashion. Ms. Glauser says that people often make assumptions about sexual orientation based on appearances, “but the two have nothing to do with each other. ” “I think it’s good for society to see people going against what we’ve all been taught is the way we’re supposed to dress for our sex and our orientation,” she said. “You realize there’s no right or wrong. ” Even for women who take up the clippers for completely unrelated reasons, the experience can prompt realizations about gender norms. “The first time, it was an impulsive decision,” said Mackenzie Jones, 20, who has kept a shaved head since she was 15, when a bad breakup inspired the act. “But when I look back now, I think I did it  —   without knowing it at the time  —   because it was the ultimate rejection of the male gaze. ” Besides the obvious convenience and the aesthetic appeal, Ms. Jones said, she has stuck to the shorn style because, particularly when she was younger, it helped filter out potential suitors who weren’t “on my level. ” (Plenty of guys, she adds, are into the look.) Dressing for one’s self, not one’s paramour, has been a theme in fashion for several seasons now, with the rise of athleisure and the growing importance placed on personal comfort. Unsurprisingly, those values have spread from our clothes to our hair. “Women are moving away from that long, pretty bohemian vibe that was happening for so long and starting to take more risks,” Ms. Donoghue said. “They’re not afraid to not look pretty. ” Before taking the plunge, Ms. Donoghue recommends that   buzzers visit a salon to get a professional’s opinion. “Some head shapes are better for the style than others,” she said. For those with unfortunately shaped heads, there is still hope: Ms. Donoghue said there are slight variations on the cut, like a “subtle fade,” in which the hair “hugs the nape and hairline a little tighter and then gradually fades into a round shape,” which tends to be more flattering.   or not, what Ms. Donoghue can’t prepare clients for is the ensuing feeling of exposure  —   and liberation. “A lot of women are very attached to their hair,” Ms. Jones said. “When I was in a bad relationship, my hair was like this mask. Once it’s all gone, you don’t have anything left to change. You have to look yourself in the face and deal with it. It’s really transformative. ” Which is why, regardless of how mainstream it becomes, the buzz cut will always be more than just a hairdo.",0
3827,"New Orleans Removes Famous ‘Lee Circle’ Monument, Mayor Derides Critics","NEW ORLEANS, Louisiana  —   The monument to General Robert E. Lee was removed from its pedestal in Lee Circle at the heart of the city of New Orleans. Mayor Mitch Landrieu used the event to claim victory for political correctness. [The famous Civil   monument of Robert E. Lee has been at the center of the city’s most famous traffic circle for more than a century. The statue was put on the chopping block my Landrieu after he began a crusade against four monuments he deemed “symbols of white supremacy. ”  Other monuments removed by the Landrieu Administration include the Battle at Liberty Place, Jefferson Davis, and the P. G. T. Beauregard Monuments, Breitbart Texas reported. All the monuments were removed at some expense to taxpayers, as New Orleans Police Department (NOPD) and New Orleans Fire Department (NOFD) officials were present at each of the removal processes. The money to physically remove the monuments, though, came from a private donor which Landrieu has refused to disclose to the public. In an address to the city, Landrieu derided critics of his now infamous monument removal crusade, saying Davis, Beauregard and Lee were not patriots. “These monuments that we took down were meant to rebrand the history of our city and the ideals of the Confederacy” Landrieu said. “It is   that these men did not fight for the United States of America. They fought against it. They may have been warriors, but in this cause, they were not patriots. ” “These monuments celebrate a fictional, sanitized Confederacy,” Landrieu said. “Ignoring the death, ignoring the enslavement, ignoring the terror that it actually stood for. ” Landrieu hinted at what the monuments, specifically the Beauregard and Lee Circle statues, would be replaced with. “It immediately begs the question: Why are there no   monuments,” Landrieu said. “No public markers on public land to remember the lynchings or the slave blocs? Nothing to remember this long chapter of our lives of pain, of sacrifice, of shame, all of it happening on the soil of New Orleans. ” Landrieu has been widely criticized for his calling for the removal of the historical monuments, with historians asking him to add context to the monuments, rather than removing them altogether. The grassroots activist group Save Our Circle formed solely in opposition to Landrieu’s actions in regards to the monuments. They say that the monuments represent the city’s history. Take ‘Em Down Nola and STAND With Dignity, two     organizations lobbied Landrieu to go further than just the four monuments. Now, they are calling for the removal of more than a dozen monuments and street names, including: Most recently, Landrieu made a broad accusation about the impact of the four Civil   monuments on the city of New Orleans. While speaking to local media, Landrieu said the monuments caused a “great migration out of the city,” as Breitbart Texas reported. “But I will say this for people that are interested in the cost,” Landrieu said. “The cultural and economic and the spiritual loss to this city for having those statues up that have run people out of the city,” Landrieu claimed. “The great migration that sent some of our best and brightest to places across the country that we don’t have the benefit of has been incredible. ” Historians have refuted this claim in 2015, when Landrieu first demanded the monuments come down. They argued that the city serves tourists and locals as a public history museum, unlike any other city in the U. S.",0
3828,Malcolm X on Hillary Clinton and Donald Trump,"A Black Agenda Radio Commentary by Bruce A. Dixon W hen astute political commentary from a half century ago eloquently describes the current political conundrum it means we’ve been stuck in a bad place for a long time. Do we really want Malcolm’s observation to apply four or eight or twenty years further into the future? It’s that time again, it’s presidential election season, and as we hear every four years, THIS is the most important presidential election of our lives. The fact that you’ve heard that before should tell us something. It should us that in presidential years, many old things becomes new again, often because so much of what we’re told IS new is really pretty old. Malcolm X has been dead now a half century, dead for more years than he was ever alive. But since at least one of the tricks and traps deployed to fool, frustrate and neutralize our grandparents’ right to vote hasn’t changed much we might want to listen carefully to what Malcolm’s words in the aftermath of the 1964 presidential election. “ If Johnson had been running all by himself, he would not have been acceptable to anyone. The only thing that made him acceptable to the world was that the shrewd capitalists, the shrewd imperialists, knew that the only way people would run toward the fox would be if you showed them a wolf. So they created a ghastly alternative. And it had the whole world — including people who call themselves Marxists — hoping that Johnson would beat Goldwater.” Like today’s Donald Trump, Republican presidential candidate Barry Goldwater was a truly reprehensible and frightening figure, who had opposed the Civil Rights Act of 1964 that banned racial discrimination in public accommodations, and who favored the use of nuclear weapons to defoliate the Vietnamese countryside. Also like Donald Trump, Goldwater never really stood a chance of winning the election. Goldwater the wolf was buried beneath a Johnson landslide, carrying only 6 out of the 50 states. Republican officeholders are running away from Donald Trump not because he’s a racist bufoon but because he’s expected to lose states Republicans are accustomed to winning. The fox, Lyndon Baines Johnson went on to start a war in Indochina that killed three million Vietnamese alone. LBJ defoliated the Vietnamese countryside with millions of tons of Agent Orange instead of nukes, causing hundreds of thousands of hideous and gruesome birth defects that continue to this day. The wolf and the fox this year are Donald Trump and Hillary Clinton. Trump is a real estate con man, a racist and a hyper-entitled sexual predator who talks about building walls and banning Muslims. Fortunately for us all, Trump has never been in government. Hillary has scarcely ever been out of government. She’s fronted for Wal-Mart, executed bloody regime change in Libya, brought US troops to Ukraine on the Russian border, and publicly itches for a showdown in Syria. Thanks to Wikileaks there is copious evidence that Hillary’s public stands on a wide range of issues from charter schools to so-called trade agreements, to fracking and social security stand in stark contrast to the promises she makes to the powerful. Just as it worked 52 years ago, the overwhelming defeat of her wolvish opponent will give Hillary the appearance of a mandate. But the margin of Hillary’s victory provides those of us on the left an unprecedented opportunity. It means there is no need for those who imagine themselves on the of jobs, justice, peace and the planet to ride to Hilllary’s rescue and ensure the defeat of Donald Trump. Trump has already beaten himself. This election is our best chance to break out of the decades-old two party trap and build a new political force, a new political party. The Green Party is the only peace party, the only party that stands for people and planet over profit, and our only opportunity to vote our hopes, not our fears. It’s time to choose. We vote Green and build Green, we can consign the political conundrum Malcolm X eloquently described a half century ago to the garbage can of history. Or we can vote for Hillary, and Malcolm’s words will be as applicable four or eight years or twenty years from now as they have been for the last fifty. For Black Agenda Radio I’m Bruce Dixon. NOTE: ALL IMAGE CAPTIONS, PULL QUOTES AND COMMENTARY BY THE EDITORS, NOT THE AUTHORS PLEASE COMMENT AND DEBATE DIRECTLY ON OUR FACEBOOK GROUP CLICK HERE ABOUT THE AUTHOR Bruce Dixon is managing editor at Black Agenda Report and the co-chair of the GA Green party. He lives and works near Marietta GA and can be reached at bruce.dixon@blackagendareport.com [3] . Note to Commenters Due to severe hacking attacks in the recent past that brought our site down for up to 11 days with considerable loss of circulation, we exercise extreme caution in the comments we publish, as the comment box has been one of the main arteries to inject malicious code. Because of that comments may not appear immediately, but rest assured that if you are a legitimate commenter your opinion will be published within 24 hours. If your comment fails to appear, and you wish to reach us directly, send us a mail at: editor@greanvillepost.com 
We apologize for this inconvenience. 
What will it take to bring America to live according to its own propaganda? =SUBSCRIBE TODAY! NOTHING TO LOSE, EVERYTHING TO GAIN.= free • safe • invaluable If you appreciate our articles, do the right thing and let us know by subscribing. It’s free and it implies no obligation to you— ever. We just want to have a way to reach our most loyal readers on important occasions when their input is necessary. In return you get our email newsletter compiling the best of The Greanville Post several times a week.",0
3829,"New Jersey Woman Charged After Her Son, 6, Fatally Shoots His Brother, 4 - The New York Times","A New Jersey mother was charged with endangering the welfare of a child after her    son fatally shot his    brother while playing with a gun, the authorities said. Officials with the Essex County prosecutor’s office said the mother, Itiyanah Spruill, 22, of East Orange, N. J. was arrested on Saturday and was also charged with a weapons violation. Bail was set at $310, 000, and she was being held at the Essex County Correctional Facility in Newark. East Orange officials said the older boy had been playing with his mother’s gun in the family’s   apartment shortly before 11 a. m. on Saturday when he shot his brother in the head. The younger boy died a few hours later at University Hospital in Newark. Ms. Spruill was home when the shooting occurred, the authorities said. Thomas S. Fennelly, chief assistant prosecutor, said that the shooting appeared to have been accidental and that the legal ownership of the gun was under investigation. The brother was released into the custody of a family member, he said.",0
3830,Rarity of Tulsa Shooting: Female Officers Are Almost Never Involved - The New York Times,"Betty Jo Shelby drew her gun and warned the man to stop walking. But Terence Crutcher continued moving toward his S. U. V. which he had left in the middle of the road, the driver’s side door open and the engine running. He was mumbling to himself, but his hands were raised in the air. Moments later, Officer Shelby fired a single shot, leaving Mr. Crutcher dead in the street. She told investigators she believed he had a weapon. But he was unarmed. Prosecutors indicted her on Thursday on a charge of   manslaughter. In many ways, the shooting, which took place in Tulsa, Okla. was a familiar one: A white police officer. An unarmed black man shot dead. A disturbing confrontation captured on video that prompted outrage across the country. But this time, the officer firing the deadly shot was a woman, a rarity in fatal police encounters. “That is an anomaly,” said Chuck Wexler, the executive director of the Police Executive Research Forum, a policy group. “One of things we know from our work on developing training is that the skills that women use in these situations  —   primarily communication and engaging with the person  —   are enormously effective in defusing potentially volatile encounters. ” Police officers kill about 1, 000 people each year, according to data collected by Philip M. Stinson, an associate professor of criminal justice at Bowling Green State University in Ohio, who uses figures from the Justice Department and the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention. Only a handful of those shootings are by female officers. Mr. Stinson’s analysis shows that since 2005, there have been 77 police officers charged with manslaughter or murder for an   shooting. Only three of those, including Officer Shelby, were women. The other two were not convicted. Beginning in the 1990s, police departments started recruiting women more aggressively as they sought to minimize the use of excessive force. There are now more than 100, 000 female law enforcement officers in the nation, members of a group that has risen to the highest ranks in Houston, Minneapolis, Seattle and other big cities. The reasons female officers kill less often than their male colleagues has been the subject of only limited research and attributed to a variety of factors. Most notable is that they are represented in only a small percentage of police forces  —   about 15 percent of departments nationwide, according to a Bureau of Justice Statistics survey. Other explanations range from the relative dearth of women who work some of the most dangerous police jobs, such as gang details, to an explanation that is common, though unproved: that female officers are more diplomatic and less confrontational than their male counterparts. But most current female officers interviewed said those stereotypes did not play out in the field. “We have some men that are the first ones we would put in with difficult people because they are such good communicators,” said Jacqueline Luthcke, who is chief of the Ridgewood, N. J. Police Department. She and other female officers pointed to size as one of the only ways that gender might alter their approach to the job. “They don’t have the physical edge in encounters with citizens so, instead, they defuse the situation from the beginning, put more effort into trying to talk their way out of the situation than to try to resort to physical force,” said Jane Castor, a retired chief of the Tampa Police Department. But prosecutors accuse Officer Shelby, 42, who has been on the force for five years, of acting more aggressively than the male officers around her. Officer Shelby was arrested, booked and bonded out on Friday morning at the county criminal justice center. In court documents, Officer Shelby is accused of overreacting to Mr. Crutcher’s refusal to follow her commands and of fearing for her life although she saw no evidence that he was armed. Officer Shelby’s “fear resulted in her unreasonable actions,” and even though Mr. Crutcher was not responsive to her and was walking away from her, she became “emotionally involved to the point that she overreacted,” prosecutors allege in court documents. Although she was armed with a Taser at the time, she pulled out her firearm. A male officer who stood next to her used his Taser on Mr. Crutcher. In a video capturing the shooting, Officer Shelby can be heard shouting, “Shots fired!” Her husband, who is also a Tulsa police officer, was observing from a police helicopter, although it was not clear whether he knew his wife had fired the fatal shot. Female officers say that civilian subjects often react differently to them because of their gender. And the mere presence of a male officer can sometimes be enough to provoke someone, experts say. “I can remember countless incidents where everything would be under control and a male police officer would show up and, all of a sudden, that tension and that testosterone  —   not saying the male officers did anything inappropriate  —   but it’s all it takes,” said Ms. Castor, who was an officer for 31 years. But Chief Kristen Ziman of the Aurora, Ill. police said that being a female officer can cut both ways when it comes to using force. “I learned very quickly in my career that I couldn’t rely on my physical strength to effect an arrest like my larger male counterparts,” she said. “Instead, I learned to ‘talk’ people into handcuffs by using human influence and communication skills. ” But she added, “Some females of small stature may be quicker to use force because their opponent is larger and able to physically overtake them. ” When Penny Harrington, who went on to become the country’s first female police chief of a major city, joined the Portland, Ore. Police Department in 1964, women had to wear plain clothes and carry their service weapons in their purses. At that point, female officers in Portland were not allowed to do street patrols. But as more women joined the force in the 1970s, many male officers argued that women were emotionally unfit for the job and would be more likely to resort to lethal force because they were smaller and would be unable to overpower subjects through other means. Research on the subject has ranged from being inconclusive to showing that the opposite is true  —   that women are less likely to use force, even controlling for their relatively low representation among police forces. The handful of cases in recent years included Lisa Mearkle of the Hummelstown, Pa. police, who in February 2015 tried to pull over a driver for an expired inspection sticker. The driver, David Kassick, 59, sped away. After the subsequent chase ended, Officer Mearkle said she gave repeated commands for Mr. Kassick to raise his hands, but he did not. She initially fired a Taser, and then shot him twice in the back. Officer Mearkle was charged in the killing, but was acquitted by a jury.",0
3831,Chinese Propaganda Video Warns of West’s ‘Devilish Claws’ - The New York Times,"BEIJING  —   The ominous images in the video pile up, set to darkly urgent music. Refugees fleeing failed uprisings in the Middle East. Western diplomats and politicians cast as puppet masters of subversion in China. Chinese lawyers abjectly confessing to subversion in show trials. Protests erupting in Hong Kong. “ ‘Color revolution’ has already succeeded in pushing many countries into the flames of war and schism, and its devilish claws are reaching into China,” one of the subtitles in the video reads. It goes on to say: “Embassies in China are at the forward command, combining forces to promote ‘street politics.’ ” The video, which spread on the internet this week, has been widely promoted online by public security offices that oversee the police, including an office of the central Ministry of Public Security. But who ordered its production is unclear. An earlier version surfaced online in August but disappeared from the internet, only to resurface in its current version. Attempts to contact the makers, whose working name, Gewuzhijian, appears at the end of the video and also on Weibo, a Chinese social media service, went unanswered. The video is a      phantasmagoria of the Communist Party’s nightmares of Western subversion. The video does not have an official title, but it has been promoted online under the question “Who most wants to overthrow China?” “Color revolution” is the party’s thumbnail term for these fears, and the video, while shoddily made, offers a vivid lesson in how threats to party control  —   real or imagined  —   that can seem unrelated to outsiders are often seen inside the party as calculated moves in a grand plot, orchestrated from Washington, to bring it down. The term “color revolution” first gained currency in China to describe antigovernment insurrections in former Soviet bloc countries, which Chinese officials have said were coups inspired by the United States. The party says such uprisings are a template of Western plans for China. This conspiratorial worldview is more than bombast. It is a longstanding theme that has gained greater official credence under President Xi Jinping. That perspective has threaded through the trials of Chinese lawyers and rights advocates convicted and sentenced on subversion charges this year. It was echoed in a meeting this month about strengthening ideological controls in Chinese universities. A law governing foreign nongovernment organizations that takes effect on Jan. 1 was also partly motivated by fears of foreign subversion. “The first option for hostile forces infiltrating us is our education system,” the Chinese minister of education, Chen Baosheng, said in remarks published this month. “To wreck your future, first of all they wreck your schools. ” China has been exposed to the world through trade, travel and the internet, and its citizens are in many ways increasingly sophisticated. Even so, party propaganda remains deeply bound to the view that China faces not just disparate critics and foes, but a closely meshed conspiracy that unites those forces. The video is an especially feverish dose of that worldview. It says plotters and subversives are “stirring up mass incidents and using social tensions as a point to break through and serve as the fuse for ‘color revolution.’ ” They are, the video says, “using foreign nongovernmental organizations to nurture ‘proxies’ and to establish a social basis for ‘color revolution.’ ” Hong Kong, in particular, is depicted as a bridgehead for Western subversion in China. The   law professor Benny Tai, the media entrepreneur Jimmy Lai, the student leader Joshua Wong and others are lined up as among those “making Hong Kong into a base for ‘color revolution.’ ” The video also refers briefly to booksellers from Hong Kong who were abducted and taken to mainland China last year, prompting an outcry in Hong Kong, which is supposed to have substantial legal autonomy as a   Chinese territory. The video says the booksellers, who specialized in lurid and wildly imaginative accounts of China’s political elite, had “traduced the images” of party leaders. Under Mr. Xi, who assumed power four years ago, such videos have become an important part in the party’s propaganda arsenal. “Silent Contest,” produced by China’s National Defense University and issued in 2014, was even more breathless in its depiction of Western threats. But the new video ends on a reassuring note. The dark images and language give way to swelling melodies and images of a bright dawn over the Great Wall. There are pictures of smiling people and of muscular People’s Liberation Army troops. “Thoroughly expelling ‘color revolution’ from China will be a long war,” the video warns. But at the end it declares, “If there is war, we will answer the call. ”",0
3832,Supreme Court will hear case on bathroom rules for transgender students,"The Supreme Court said Friday it will hear a case regarding transgender students’ right to use the bathroom that corresponds with their gender identity. 
The justices will hear the case sometime next year. 
At issue is whether a Virginia high school student is allowed to use the boys’ bathroom. NPR’s Nina Totenberg reports: 
“Gavin Grimm, a 17-year-old senior in Gloucester County … came out as transgender when he was a freshman in high school. The school principal allowed him to use the boys’ bathroom, until some parents complained, and the school board adopted a policy that required students to use the bathroom that corresponds with their biological sex, or a separate single-stall restroom office.” 
So Grimm, who has been taking hormones and has grown facial hair, sued the school board. In April, the U.S. Court of Appeals for the 4th Circuit agreed that his case could proceed. Gloucester County then petitioned the court, and in August, the justices ruled 5-3 that the school board did not have to follow the lower court’s order. Justice Stephen Breyer said he voted to stay the lower court order as a “courtesy” to maintain the status quo while the court considered whether to hear the lawsuit.",0
3833,Who’s to Blame for President Trump?,"Who’s to Blame for President Trump? November 12, 2016 
Exclusive: Team Clinton thought the path to the White House led through a neo-McCarthyistic assault on Donald Trump as Vladimir Putin’s puppet, rather than addressing the real worries of Americans, writes James W Carden. 
By James W Carden 
Watching the returns come in on the morning of Nov. 9, my mind turned immediately to the question of blame. How could it be that someone so manifestly unqualified for the White House managed to beat a candidate who was widely acknowledged to be the most highly qualified person ever to have run for the nation’s highest office? 
For answers, look no further than the hierarchy of the Clinton campaign and the Democratic National Committee under Debbie Wasserman Shultz, and, later, longtime Democratic operative and talking head Donna Brazile. Donald Trump speaking with supporters at a campaign rally in Phoenix, Arizona. June 18, 2016. (Photo by Gage Skidmore) 

First, as Wikileaks has proven without a shadow of a doubt, it is clear that the DNC colluded with the Clinton campaign as well as with highly placed sources at CNN to fatally undermine and sabotage the progressive insurgency campaign of Vermont Senator Bernie Sanders. 
Throughout the primary, the Clintons and their vast network of high-profile surrogates in the media sought to undercut Sanders by painting his supporters as not only completely unrealistic in their expectations for what government can and should do, but as a group of bullying misogynists as well. 
Once they managed to push Sanders out of the way, they launched a general election campaign that was stunning in both its incompetence and its cynicism. That the campaign was badly run can hardly come as a surprise, staffed as it was by a young, startlingly vapid campaign manager by name of Robby Mook. 
Policy was handled by the equally young and wondrously overrated former head of the policy planning staff at the U.S. State Department, Jake Sullivan. On the evidence of its policy papers and press releases, the campaign, which relied on such “outsiders” as Center for American Progress president Neera Tanden, clearly decided that once Sanders was defeated, they had no lessons to learn from his candidacy. 
Ignoring America’s Needs 
They failed to recognize that despite the laughably inaccurate Labor Department unemployment statistics, which claim the U.S. unemployment rate is just under 5 percent, millions upon millions of Americans are without work, and are increasingly without hope. 
A country which ranks right along side Albania and Bosnia in incidents of infant morality; a country which has a Gini coefficient (a measure of income inequality) on par with Cameroon; a country with nearly 25 million of its citizens addicted to drugs and alcohol; a country that has a crumbling infrastructure and bad schools is a country whose government has repeatedly failed them. The run-down PIX Theatre sign reads “Vote Trump” on Main Street in Sleepy Eye, Minnesota. July 15, 2016. (Photo by Tony Webster Flickr) 
Hillary Clinton, a former First Lady, U.S. Senator, and Secretary of State is, as Donald Trump rightly surmised, widely seen as the face of that government, as the face of those failures. 
But instead of addressing the well-founded angst among large swathes of the population, Clinton and her team decided the path to victory would open up not by addressing Trump’s substantive critique of the American economy or his entirely appropriate (though never too well thought-out) questioning of the American imperium. No: Team Clinton, Mook, Sullivan, Podesta and Tanden had a better idea. Let us tie the albatross of Russian president Vladimir Putin around the neck of the gloriously unqualified billionaire candidate. 
That, according to Team Clinton, was just the ticket. And so, as I pointed out in the pages of ConsortiumNews as the campaign was ending, the Clinton’s pursued a policy of Red-baiting with abandon. During each debate, at any of Trump’s mentions of Russia, the Clinton campaign apparatus would kick into high gear and release a flurry of press releases designed to cast doubt not only on Trump’s character but on his patriotism. 
Unfounded and undocumented accusations of the Trump campaign’s illusory connection to the Kremlin were repeated ad nauseam by prominent voices of the liberal intelligentsia like MSNBC’s Joy Reid, New York Magazine’s Jon Chait, New America Fellow Franklin Foer, Mother Jones editor David Corn, among many others. 
Their efforts failed in spectacular fashion in the early morning hours of Nov. 9. The electorate at long last has risen up against the suffocating, foolish and impoverishing neoliberal consensus, which has held sway in Washington for the past 25 years. The rush to normalize trade relations with China, the unbelievably damaging free trade agreements with Mexico, the vast governmental subsidization of Wall Street have ruined and, yes, ended more lives than the many wars this country has been unnecessarily been waging for the past 15 years. 
As the University of Michigan’s Juan Cole recently pointed out: “A year ago Anne Case and Angus Deaton, Princeton University economists, published a study with the startling finding that since 1999 death rates have been going up for white Americans aged 45-54. It is even worse than it sounds, since death rates were declining for the general population.” 
In other words, neoliberalism at home and neoconservatism abroad are killing Americans (as well as people in countries where the U.S. government has imposed “regime change” solutions). Yet instead of addressing the long, slow and sad decline of the U.S. in the quarter century following the end of the first Cold War, Clinton, Podesta, Mook and Sullivan decided that the correct course of action would be to dream up a fictitious Manchurian candidate scenario in order to defeat Trump, a candidate who, for all of his obvious faults, at least spoke to the problems of ordinary people. 
In short: The Clintons and their friends and enablers in the Democratic Party and in the media have only themselves to blame for President-elect Donald J. Trump. 
James W Carden is a contributing writer for The Nation and editor of The American Committee for East-West Accord’s eastwestaccord.com. He previously served as an advisor on Russia to the Special Representative for Global Inter-governmental Affairs at the US State Department.",0
3834,Hillary IMPLODES: Trump 'Took Everything...Paid Nothing To Support Us!',Hillary Clinton can’t believe she’s losing.  ,0
3835,"Trump Shifts Course on Egypt, Praising Its Authoritarian Leader - The New York Times","WASHINGTON  —   Ever since he seized power in a military takeover nearly four years ago, President Abdel Fattah   of Egypt has been barred from the White House. But President Trump made clear on Monday that the period of ostracism was over as he hosted Mr. Sisi and pledged unstinting support for the autocratic ruler. “We agree on so many things,” Mr. Trump said as he sat beside Mr. Sisi in the Oval Office. “I just want to let everybody know in case there was any doubt that we are very much behind President  . He’s done a fantastic job in a very difficult situation. We are very much behind Egypt and the people of Egypt. The United States has, believe me, backing, and we have strong backing. ” In that one moment, Mr. Trump underscored a fundamental shift in American foreign policy since he took office. While his predecessors considered authoritarians like Mr. Sisi to be distasteful and at times shied away from them, Mr. Trump signaled that he sees international relations through a transactional lens. If Egypt can be a partner in the battle against international terrorism, then in Mr. Trump’s calculation, that is more important to the United States than concerns over its brutal suppression of domestic dissent. Nothing could have made Mr. Sisi happier. He arrived from Cairo with a list of financial, security and political requests, but effectively he got what he really wanted in the six minutes that news media photographers were permitted in the Oval Office to record the visit that President Barack Obama had denied him. The picture of the    in the White House, hosted by an American leader lavishing praise on him, was the seal of approval he had long craved, the validation of a strongman on the world’s most prominent stage. That big hug was just what Mr. Sisi’s government sought, said Eric Trager, a scholar on Egypt at the Washington Institute for Near East Policy. “It wants to see the White House legitimate it, and set it on a new course. ” The scene provided a powerful counterpoint to Mr. Sisi’s many critics, in Egypt and abroad, who know him as the leader of the military takeover that removed an elected president, oversaw a vicious security operation in which hundreds of protesters were gunned down in the streets of Cairo and has cemented his authority by filling prisons with his opponents while strangling the free press. It was the first visit by an Egyptian president to Washington since 2009, when the guest was the autocratic former president Hosni Mubarak, then in the waning years of his rule  —   an era now viewed by many Egyptians as a time of relative freedom, prosperity and security. Mr. Mubarak was pushed out in 2011 by a wave of street protests and succeeded, in a democratic election, by the Muslim Brotherhood’s Mohamed Morsi. Taking advantage of popular discontent with Mr. Morsi two years later, the military, led by Mr. Sisi, then a general, took power and Mr. Sisi became president in a pro forma election that awarded him 97 percent of the vote. Little of that seems to matter to Mr. Trump, though, who has showcased his determination to reshape America’s relationship with a number of Middle Eastern countries, regardless of human rights concerns. In his public remarks on Monday, Mr. Trump made no mention of such issues aides said he believed discussing them in private might be more effective. “I just want to say to you, Mr. President, that you have a great friend and ally in the United States and in me,” Mr. Trump told Mr. Sisi. Mr. Sisi responded in kind, sometimes in language mimicking a Trumpian sales pitch. “You will find Egypt and myself always beside you in bringing about an effective strategy in the counterterrorism effort,” he said. He also vowed to support Mr. Trump’s effort to negotiate peace between Israelis and Palestinians, calling it an effort to “find a solution to the problem of the century in the deal of the century. ” While Egypt has long been a crucial American ally in the Middle East, Mr. Trump’s admiration for Mr. Sisi seems to mirror in some ways his appreciation for President Vladimir V. Putin of Russia as a fellow tough figure. After their first meeting in September, on the sidelines of the United Nations General Assembly when Mr. Trump was running for president, he hailed Mr. Sisi as “a fantastic guy” and spoke admiringly of his   methods. “He took control of Egypt. And he really took control of it,” Mr. Trump said in an interview with Fox Business Network. Mr. Sisi has rejected suggestions that he rules like a dictator. Speaking to The Financial Times in December, he said he was “building love between Egyptians, a wave of respect for the other that will start in Cairo and spread across the region. ” Yet as he was preparing to meet Mr. Trump on Monday, a court in Cairo sentenced 17 people to jail terms of five years each for taking part in street protests in January 2015. In Rome, the parents of Giulio Regeni, an Italian postgraduate student found dead in Cairo last year, held a news conference to press their longstanding accusations that Egyptian security officials had abducted, tortured and killed their son, probably on suspicion that he was a spy. The family’s lawyer, Alessandra Ballerini, said they had identified two   Egyptian national security officials said to be implicated in the case, but declined to give further details. Beyond a shared love for harsh rhetoric warning against the dangers of jihadist Islam, Mr. Trump has striking similarities with Mr. Sisi’s brand of authoritarianism in Egypt, according to Middle East analysts. Both leaders came to power promising splashy projects derided by experts  —   an expensive extension of the Suez Canal for Mr. Sisi, and a giant wall along the Mexico border for Mr. Trump. In speeches, both leaders have been ridiculed for making exaggerated claims, embracing conspiracy theories and speaking in a limited rhetorical style. Egyptians also often mock Mr. Sisi for speaking in a rustic form of Arabic that contrasts with the formal version usually favored by national leaders. Mr. Trump has the grammar and vocabulary of a   student, one study last year found. Both leaders are notoriously   and project a sense of unfiltered  . In recent months, Mr. Trump branded critics in the “fake news” media as the “enemy of the American people” last year, in a fit of exasperation, Mr. Sisi told Egyptians, “Please, do not listen to anyone but me!” Yet in many other ways there are vast differences between their styles. While Mr. Trump wrestles with a hostile media and recalcitrant factions in his Republican party, Mr. Sisi’s government has imprisoned dozens of journalists  —   fewer only than China and Turkey, according to press freedom groups  —   while the national Parliament is stuffed with his supporters. It remains far from clear what the two leaders can offer each other in concrete terms. Mr. Sisi has resisted loud appeals to release Aya Hijazi, an American aid worker imprisoned in Egypt, while Mr. Trump’s White House is considering slashing foreign aid to countries including Egypt’s $1. 3 billion in military assistance. The Trump administration also appears to have gone cold on proposals to designate the country’s Muslim Brotherhood as a terrorist organization. While human rights advocates criticized Mr. Trump, a lawyer for Ms. Hijazi said her supporters had been working with his administration to highlight her case and those of others held. “We are confident that the case is being prioritized at the highest levels of the United States government,” said the lawyer, Wade McMullen, managing attorney at Robert F. Kennedy Human Rights, an advocacy center. One thing Mr. Sisi desperately wants, according to Western officials in Cairo, is for Mr. Trump to reinstate a military financing deal, suspended under Mr. Obama in 2015, allowing Egypt to effectively buy, on credit, the tanks, warplanes and other   military items it desires. Such a deal would give Mr. Sisi something to bring home to his backers in the military. But experts say that while a military finance deal might please American defense contractors, it could frustrate American counterterrorism goals by making Egypt less likely to pour resources into smaller weapons that are better suited to battling Islamic State insurgents in Sinai. “If Trump is really interested in getting the Egyptians to fight radical Islam, giving them more tanks will not help our goals,” said Amy Hawthorne of the Project on Middle East Democracy, a Washington nonprofit that has been sharply critical of Mr. Sisi. Some experts worry that Mr. Sisi’s   approach to Islamism  —   banning all forms of political Islam, such as the Muslim Brotherhood, as well as fighting jihadist violence  —   could ultimately feed a new wellspring of radicalism that could blow back on the United States. “The authoritarian bargain the U. S. has struck with Egypt might seem to be the right thing, but it never pays off in the long run,” Ms. Hawthorne said. “It’s not just about being on the wrong side of history, but about   in a regime that is fueling radicalization that will ultimately harm U. S. interests. ”",0
3836,Berkeley protesters form human chain to stop white students from getting to class,"Print 
Students at the University of California, Berkeley held a day of protest on Friday to demand the creation of additional “safe spaces” for transgender and nonwhite students, during which a human chain was formed on a main campus artery to prevent white students from getting to class. 
The demonstrators were caught on video blocking Berkeley’s Sather Gate, holding large banners advocating the creation of physical spaces segregated by race and gender identity, including one that read “Fight 4 Spaces of Color.” 
Protesters can be heard shouting “Go around!” to white students who attempt to go through the blockade, while students of color are greeted with calls of “Let him through!” 
Students turned away by the mob are later shown filing through trees and ducking under branches in order to cross Strawberry Creek, which runs underneath the bridge. 
Protesting students went on to march through the Berkeley Student Union, chanting and disrupting students who are studying.",0
3837,Ex-NATO Chief: We Need US As World's Policeman," Propaganda Alert
Ex-NATO Chief: We Need US As World's Policeman By Dominic Waghorn SKY "" - The man who led the West's most powerful alliance through most of the Obama administration has told Sky News that the President has not done enough to prevent conflict.
Former NATO secretary general Anders Fogh Rasmussen says America's next commander-in-chief must do more to lead the world. In an interview, he explained: ""I think President Obama has been too reluctant to use military force or threaten to use military force to prevent conflicts in the world.
""We need America as the world's policeman. We need determined American global leadership.""
His criticism carries more weight in the closing days of the US election campaign, and reveals the frustration of a man tasked with running the North Atlantic Treaty Organisation during the Obama years.
Regardless of who wins the presidency in less than a week's time, Mr Rasmussen said the US has no choice but to return to the path of greater interventionism.
""Superpowers don't get to retire. Look around you will see a world on fire. Syria torn by war and conflict. Iraq on the brink of collapse. Libya a failed state in North Africa. Russia attacking Ukraine and destabilising Eastern Europe. China flexing its muscles, the rogue state North Korea threatening nuclear attacks.
""All that requires a world policeman to restore international law and order.""
Mr Rasmussen also expressed deep concerns about what Donald Trump might do to the world should he win the presidency.
""It might be very dangerous, of course,"" he said. ""We don't know what will be the concrete policies of a Trump administration - but if his statements were to be taken at face value, I consider it could be very dangerous for the world.""
The Danish politician's aspirations for greater US global leadership are not shared by millions of Americans, it seems.
They have supported a candidate who has advocated that the US intervenes less in foreign affairs and withdraws more.
On the campaign trail, Mr Trump has said America cannot carry on being the world's policeman.
Whether or not Mr Obama could have done more to prevent conflicts is the focus of intense debate in Washington.
Some blame him for the turmoil roiling the Middle East. Others say he has skilfully managed its fallout, and greater US involvement would only have made matters worse.
Aaron David Miller, who has advised both Republican and Democratic administrations on foreign policy, says even superpowers are limited in what they can achieve - as America's next president will discover.
He said: ""(I think) the notion that Mrs Clinton or Mr Trump will somehow be able to come up with comprehensive fixes for the world's problems or America's is an illusion.
""Our constitution talks about creating a more perfect union. Nowhere in the document does it say it is the objective of the American policy to create a more perfect world.
""That does not mean we need to abandon the world. We can't. But it does mean particularly in the wake of Iraq and Afghanistan we need to take a very hard look at what American interests are, and figure out the most effective and smart way of protecting them.""",0
3838,"Anthony Weiner, Who Always Had Something to Say, Goes Silent - The New York Times","For the first time since before the first time he ruined his own life  —   not to mention the second time, and the third  —   Anthony D. Weiner is off Twitter. This is the Democratic former congressman and repeat candidate for mayor of New York who extinguished his own political career with a series of lewd social media messages to strangers. The human implosion who spent years scrubbing the stains out of his reputation, with regular media appearances and Twitter commentary as the mop. The punch line who has now lost just about everything but his unfortunate name to revelations that he had, once again, exchanged sexually charged Twitter messages with a woman he had never met. But for Mr. Weiner, there always seemed to be something else to say. Normally too defiant to lie low, Mr. Weiner has always insisted he had no choice but to stay in the game. But in the wake of his third instance of scandal in five years, friends say he is wholly devastated and uncertain about the future. His wife, Huma Abedin, a top aide to Hillary Clinton, announced their separation on Monday. The Daily News and NY1, two of the media outlets that still offered him a platform for his ideas and his political expertise, have cut ties with him. Mr. Weiner has been seeing a therapist, according to one friend who spoke to him recently. To talk about Mr. Weiner is to deal in metaphor and allegory his problems must always mean something else. Amateur psychoanalysts are, suddenly, everywhere, the way sexting experts were in the days after his 2011 resignation from Congress. His basic humanity is obscured by the public character he and the New York news media  —   the world’s biggest, hungriest pack of journalists  —   jointly conspired to create: Anthony Weiner, loudmouth liberal hero from Brooklyn turned tragic hero of tabloid proportions. He continues to be the easiest of targets. “It’s sad and a little bit ironic that a guy who understood the intersection of politics and technology and media better than anyone, and exploited it better than anyone to fuel his rise, fell because of it,” said Stu Loeser, a former spokesman for Senator Chuck Schumer and former Mayor Michael R. Bloomberg. Mr. Loeser has known Mr. Weiner since working for Mr. Schumer, Mr. Weiner’s old mentor, in the early 2000s. “Removing himself from the public conversation, he’s taking himself out of the part of the equation that has proven again and again to be part of his downfall,” Mr. Loeser said. If giving up his microphone was an attempt by Mr. Weiner to reclaim private citizenship, it may have come too late. A former public official with a powerful wife who never seemed quite convinced that he belonged out of the spotlight, Mr. Weiner was unreluctantly dragged back into it time after time by a public that refused to avert its eyes from him. (His recent turn as the subject of “Weiner,” the documentary released this year that chronicled the abrupt collapse of his 2013 mayoral bid amid revelations that he had sent sexually charged photos to admirers under the pseudonym “Carlos Danger,” did not help.) Friends and associates contacted for this article, most of whom asked to remain anonymous because they did not wish to be seen as inflaming the spectacle, said his near silence seemed to reflect an acknowledgment of the depth of the crisis confronting him and his marriage. Mr. Weiner has told friends that he feels deeply remorseful about the fresh humiliation the documentary dredged up for his wife. And in recent months, as Ms. Abedin shadowed Mrs. Clinton on the presidential campaign trail, Mr. Weiner felt he owed it to his wife to embrace a supporting role. At home with their    son, Jordan, Mr. Weiner kept busy cooking the Blue Apron meals Ms. Abedin ordered for them. “I think one of the blessings, in his mind, of the first scandal was how much time he did get to spend with Jordan,” a person who is friendly with Mr. Weiner said, explaining that if he had remained in Congress, he would have seen his son infrequently. “The time with Jordan  —   he really seemed to enjoy and thrive on it. ” The latest blast of scandal was especially shattering to Mr. Weiner, three of these people said, because he was what they described as an intensely caring and devoted father to Jordan, who appeared, asleep, in one of the photographs of Mr. Weiner’s crotch. On Wednesday, The New York Post reported that the city’s Administration for Children’s Services had opened an investigation into Mr. Weiner’s treatment of his son. Mr. Weiner, in his only comment to The New York Times, said via email, “We haven’t been contacted by A. C. S. ” An agency spokeswoman, citing privacy, said it could not comment on whether a case had been opened. In the documentary, Mr. Weiner explains that his virtual encounters were like a “video game” to him. But several of his friends and associates said Mr. Weiner’s third indiscretion had convinced them that he had an addiction or another clinical disorder, though he has denied as much in the past. With Mr. Weiner’s every round of   the hallmarks of addiction seem increasingly to apply, though the psychiatrists interviewed for this article emphasized that they could not give a diagnosis for Mr. Weiner without evaluating him in person. “There’s behavior where you can’t stop what you’re doing, and it makes no sense,” said Dr. Kenneth P. Rosenberg, an addiction psychiatrist and clinical associate professor at     Cornell Medical Center. “If it crosses over the threshold of causing significant problems for you  —   personal, occupational, social problems  —   then in my mind, you’ve earned the diagnosis of addiction. ” Asked by Bloomberg News in January why he continued to use social media, Mr. Weiner portrayed the activity as part of his professional and civic identity. “I have no choice but to not let it debilitate me,” he said, referring to the scandals. “It also doesn’t make me care any less, or make me think that if I have something clever to say on Twitter I shouldn’t say it, or if I have an idea I shouldn’t espouse it, or if I have a company that needs my help I shouldn’t help, or if someone calls me for advice on how to run for office I shouldn’t sit down with him. I don’t know what my alternative is. ” He repeated the argument as he granted an interview to The New York Times Magazine appeared on Stephen Colbert’s and Bill Maher’s television shows during the week of the Democratic National Convention, among other television forays penned columns in The Daily News and continued to joust and kibitz with reporters, ideological adversaries and random people on Twitter. Mr. Loeser offered Mr. Weiner, whom he called a “flawed genius,” a flicker of hope that he could find a way to stay engaged: Mr. Weiner’s mastery of liberal crosscurrents and media appetite would make him, in Mr. Loeser’s estimation, a smart person to hire for any organization looking to push a message. (Mr. Weiner has also acted as a consultant for private clients.) This will be Mr. Weiner’s third stab at addressing a scandal of his own making. The last time, he held a news conference, his wife smiling at his side. This time, however, there is no public constituency he is obligated to address  —   only public curiosity, waiting, insatiably, for answers.",0
3839,F.B.I. Gives Congress Documents Related to Hillary Clinton E-Mail Inquiry - The New York Times,"WASHINGTON  —   The F. B. I. on Tuesday handed over to Congress documents related to its investigation of Hillary Clinton’s private email server after House Republicans pushed the bureau to surrender material it had gathered before it concluded last month that she should not face criminal charges. The documents were believed to include notes from the F. B. I. ’s   interview with Mrs. Clinton in early July, the last step in a lengthy investigation into her email practices as secretary of state that continues to dog her run for president. “The F. B. I. has turned over a ‘number of documents’ related to their investigation of former Secretary Clinton’s use of a personal email server,” according to a statement from the House Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. “Committee staff is currently reviewing the information that is classified Secret. There are no further details at this time. ” Though he did not recommend criminal charges, the F. B. I. director, James B. Comey Jr. said in July that Mrs. Clinton’s exclusive use of a private email address and server was “extremely careless. ” He also appeared to contradict statements she had made, saying the F. B. I. had uncovered a small number of emails that were marked classified. House Republicans have asserted that the F. B. I. documents could demonstrate that Mrs. Clinton committed perjury when she testified last October that she did not send or receive emails that were marked classified at the time. The State Department expressed concern that the documents might contain sensitive diplomatic information, and had asked to review them before the F. B. I. handed them over. The department said it had reviewed emails that the F. B. I. planned to give to Congress, but not summaries of its interviews with Mrs. Clinton. “We are satisfied that the F. B. I. has made arrangements to ensure that the documents will be transmitted subject to appropriate handling controls,” said Mark Toner, a State Department spokesman. A congressional aide said the material was being held under tight security while staff members reviewed it. The F. B. I. said in a statement that it had decided to turn over the documents to several congressional oversight committees to fulfill its commitment to make the investigation of Mrs. Clinton’s email practices transparent. But it added, “The material contains classified and other sensitive information and is being provided with the expectation it will not be disseminated or disclosed without F. B. I. concurrence. ” House Democrats have voiced worries that details from the documents could be leaked selectively to damage Mrs. Clinton in the campaign. “This will neither serve the interests of justice nor aid Congress in its responsibilities and will merely set a precedent for the F. B. I. to turn over closed case files whenever one party in Congress does not like a prosecutorial decision,” Representative Adam B. Schiff, Democrat of California, said in a statement. The Clinton campaign expressed displeasure with the transfer of the material, saying that Republicans would   it to discredit Mrs. Clinton and that it would be used to raise questions about the F. B. I. ’s judgment. “We believe that if these materials are going to be shared outside the Justice Department,” said the campaign’s spokesman, Brian Fallon, “they should be released widely so that the public can see them for themselves, rather than allow Republicans to mischaracterize them through selective, partisan leaks. ” A congressional aide said she did not expect anything from the documents to be made public for at least a few days. The committee’s chairman, Representative Jason Chaffetz, Republican of Utah, is traveling outside the United States. Separately, Judicial Watch, a conservative watchdog group, said that the State Department had agreed to disclose “emails sent or received by former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton that were uncovered by the F. B. I. in its investigation of Clinton and her use of the clintonemail. com system. ” Judicial Watch has sued under the Freedom of Information Act for the release of Mrs. Clinton’s emails. She said she had turned over to the State Department all the   emails from her four years as secretary of state, but the F. B. I. in its examination of her server, uncovered several thousand   emails that had not been handed over.",0
3840,"‘Glass Cliff,’ Not Just Ceiling, Often Impedes Women Rising in Politics - The New York Times","LONDON  —   When Theresa May became the prime minister of Britain in July, she appeared to be confirming a trend rather than establishing one. Northern Ireland is led by a woman. Scotland’s first minister is a woman, and so are the main two Scottish opposition leaders. Even the populist U. K. Independence Party recently elected its first female leader, though her tenure was short. A   after Margaret Thatcher left power as Britain’s first female leader, it is the   Labour Party that has become the exception, with its recent leadership battle between two men. The rise of women in British politics is certainly striking  —   the Green Party is also led by a woman (who shares the job with a man) as is the Welsh nationalist party  —   but does it amount to progress? Amid the turmoil following the vote to leave the European Union, there is a sense in some quarters that rather than shattering a glass ceiling, female leaders risk tumbling down a “glass cliff”  —   a theory that holds that women are often placed in positions of power when the situation is dire, men are uninterested and the likelihood of success is low. As a result, rather than breaking stereotypes about women being poor leaders, that may end up reinforcing them. “It’s a case of men going, ‘Wow, it can’t get any worse, quick, let’s put a woman in charge,’ ” said Sandi Toksvig, a writer, comedian and   of the Women’s Equality Party. The concept of the glass cliff was coined in 2005 by two professors at Exeter University, in England. The researchers, Michelle Ryan and Alexander Haslam, challenged a report that suggested that when companies in the FTSE 100, Britain’s benchmark stock index, appointed women to their boards, share prices often suffered. What Ms. Ryan and Mr. Haslam found was that women were more likely to be appointed in times of crisis  —   and therefore more likely to fail. Subsequent studies of Fortune 500 companies confirmed the trend. The idea applies to politics, too. Women are still more likely to be nominated in unwinnable constituencies, Ms. Ryan said. That’s one reason, behind the impressive list of female leaders, that equality is still a long way off: More men are in the House of Commons today (456 out of 648) than women in its history (452). Brexit, as the British departure from the European Union is known, is a textbook glass cliff. “All the men who were responsible for the mess stabbed each other soundly in the back” and then ran away, Ms. Toksvig said. David Cameron, who had called the referendum, announced his resignation as prime minister. Boris Johnson, the noisiest Brexiteer in the Conservative Party, withdrew his bid to succeed Mr. Cameron. In the end, it came down to a choice between Mrs. May and another woman, Andrea Leadsom. “Brexit is really a   situation for the prime minister,” Ms. Ryan said. Nearly half of voters opposed it, and many supporters have unrealistic expectations after a campaign powered by vague slogans and dubious promises. “Whatever she negotiates, no one will be happy. ” That may also explain why Nigel Farage, the leader of the U. K. Independence Party, quickly stepped down after the vote. Faced with an identity crisis and shedding members after its core goal was achieved in the referendum on European Union membership, the party elected Diane James as its leader last month. But she stepped down on Tuesday after only 18 days in the job, and her statement to the Times of London suggested that she had come to the conclusion that she was, in fact, standing on a glass cliff. In Scotland, Nicola Sturgeon became the leader of the Scottish National Party only after a separate referendum on independence was rejected. Kezia Dugdale was elected to run the Scottish Labour Party after it was nearly wiped out in elections. And Ruth Davidson leads the Scottish Conservatives, which has fewer members of Parliament (one) than there are pandas in the Edinburgh Zoo (two). Not everyone slips on the glass cliff. Under Ms. Sturgeon, the Scottish nationalists have added members and triumphed in elections. Mrs. May once wore a   that read: “This is what a feminist looks like. ” She might face an impossible task in negotiating a good Brexit deal, Ms. Toksvig said, “but perhaps she could actually do something for women. ”",0
3841,The BRUTAL Truth About Islamic Law The Left Wants to Hide,"You are here: Home / US / The BRUTAL Truth About Islamic Law The Left Wants to Hide The BRUTAL Truth About Islamic Law The Left Wants to Hide October 27, 2016 
Robert Gehl reports that the terrorist behind the massacre at the Orlando gay bar is the child of Afghan migrants. 
That particular group – Afghan migrants – are among the most committed to sharia law, according to . 
In fact, almost all Muslims from Afghanistan support the Islamic code -99 percent. Of all the majority-Muslim countries surveyed, Afghanistan had the most pro-sharia. 
Immigration from the Middle East is on the rise, but nothing can match the immigration from Afghanistan. While the number of green cards issued to residents of Middle Eastern countries rose by 32 percent, the number issued to Afghan migrants rose a whopping 379 percent, Breitbart is reporting . 
Hillary Clinton has made clear that under a Clinton Presidency, these numbers will grow substantially higher. Based on the minimum numbers Clinton has put forth thus far, the U.S. will resettle 730,000 permanent migrants from the Muslim world during her first term alone. 
According to NBC, the suspect’s family says the terror attack may have been motivated by Mateen’s hatred for the LGBT community. Mateen’s father says his son was angry over the sight of two men kissing. 
At his Friday speech at the Faith and Freedom Summit, Donald Trump addressed Clinton’s plan to import migrants that hold beliefs that are antithetical to Western liberal values. 
“Hillary will bring hundreds of thousands of refugees, many of whom have hostile beliefs about people of different faiths and values, and some of whom absolutely and openly support terrorism in our country,” he said. “We don’t need that. We have enough problems.” 
Florida now leads the state in resettling refugees. In 2013, 43,184 were accepted by that state. While most of these refugees settling in Florida arrive from Cuba, many arrive from Middle Eastern countries. According to the U.S. Office of Refugee Resettlement, the next largest countries to resettle in Florida are (in order) Iraq, Myanmar (Burma), the Democratic Republic of Congo, Sudan, Somalia, Colombia, Afghanistan, Jordan, Pakistan, Syria, and Palestine. 
According to data from the Office of Refugee Resettlement (ORR) in the U.S. Department of Health and Human Services, 91.4 percent of recent refugees from the Middle East are on food stamps and 68.3 percent of recent refugees from the Middle East are on cash welfare.",0
3842,Newsticker (973),"+++ Zu Wild geschaukelt: Spielendes Kind stürzt in benachbartes Hirschgehege +++ +++ Miros Love: Klose stellt neue Freundin vor +++ +++ Einmal drin, alles hin: Elefant kauft bei real,- +++ +++ Viel was er anbohrt: Fleißiger Heimwerker in Seenot +++ +++ Kölsch: Besser schnell trinken bevor es Alt wird +++ +++ Keine Disco, Sohn: Vater debattiert nicht wegen Party-Verbot +++ +++ Salami-Tik-Tak: Ferrero lüftet Geheimnis um neue Dragees mit Wurstgeschmack nur scheibchenweise +++ kly/sod, tsc, oga, tom, huh, evw, adl Jetzt bestellen! Der Postillon-Newsticker-Kalender 2017 (nur 9,99€): Der Postillon: +++ Newsticker +++ Artikel teilen:",0
3843,"Donald Trump’s Safe Choice for No. 2 Frees Hillary Clinton’s Hand, Strategists Say - The New York Times","CLEVELAND  —   As Hillary Clinton prepares to announce her running mate later this week, the political calculations have suddenly changed. Had Donald J. Trump chosen a woman or a minority as his   candidate, Mrs. Clinton would have faced pressure from liberals to make her own bold choice. If Mr. Trump had picked a fiery raconteur like Newt Gingrich or Gov. Chris Christie of New Jersey, two of his finalists, the decision would have given Mrs. Clinton pause about putting a young fresh face on the debate stage this fall  —   rather than an attack dog, according to several Clinton campaign advisers. And if the Republican No. 2 was from a critical swing state, the electoral map might have loomed larger in her considerations. Instead, Mr. Trump picked Gov. Mike Pence of Indiana  —   a   deeply conservative white man from a   state whose record appeals strongly to his party’s base. By choosing someone so conventional, Mr. Trump has made it easier for Mrs. Clinton to follow suit with an unadventurous pick of her own, like Senator Tim Kaine of Virginia or Agriculture Secretary Tom Vilsack, a former governor of Iowa. She could send Housing Secretary Julián Castro out to debate Mr. Pence without fearing a blowout. Or she could pick Labor Secretary Thomas Perez, who is from the reliably Democratic state of Maryland. Mrs. Clinton still has internal Democratic Party politics to contend with, but Mr. Pence is a balm: He puts little if any added pressure on her. “For Trump to get elected, he’s got to expand the group of people he’s talking to and attracting,” said Steve Elmendorf, a veteran Democratic strategist and lobbyist and a Clinton ally. “A different choice by Trump might have changed the electoral calculation for her. But with Pence, Trump will still be losing among women, blacks and Hispanics. ” Mark McKinnon, a key strategist on George W. Bush’s presidential campaigns, said Mr. Pence may have been a good choice for Mr. Trump, but his selection also benefited Mrs. Clinton. “The choice does not   her in any way with constituencies she needs,” Mr. McKinnon said. “It’s unlikely that any alarms are going off at Clinton headquarters. So it leaves her free to hit the snooze button with an equally safe choice. ” In a speech on Monday at the American Federation of Teachers convention in Minneapolis, Mrs. Clinton showed her first lines of attack against Mr. Pence, calling him “one of the most extreme   picks in a generation” who has “worked to undermine the rights of women, workers, L. G. B. T. Americans and immigrants. ” For all the differences between the politically unorthodox Mr. Trump and the   Mrs. Clinton, they both appear to be embracing a golden rule of   selections: First, do no harm. Mr. Trump showed an uncharacteristic abundance of caution in choosing Mr. Pence, the obvious favorite of Washington Republicans like House Speaker Paul D. Ryan and others who have expressed ambivalence about Mr. Trump. Selecting a fellow “pirate,” as Mr. Gingrich has described both himself and Mr. Trump, would have unsettled party leaders and left them bracing on a daily basis for salty language from the candidates and mutiny from disaffected Republicans. “If Trump had picked me, Hillary would have needed a good debater, for sure,” Mr. Gingrich said in an interview. For Mrs. Clinton, the    principle means not choosing a running mate who would exacerbate her unpopularity with white men in crucial industrial and southern states like Ohio and Virginia, and not choosing a candidate who could undercut her emphasis on strong national security experience. Such thinking could count against Senator Elizabeth Warren of Massachusetts, Mr. Castro, Mr. Perez and others on her list. More than anything, she is looking to make a careful and responsible choice, her advisers say. “The first criteria is a person who is ready to be president of the United States, and someone who has the skill set and track record to get things done that will make a difference in people’s lives,” said Joel Benenson, the Clinton campaign’s senior strategist. He added that the choice of Mr. Pence was immaterial to Mrs. Clinton, saying, “I don’t think one candidate’s choice of a running mate really factors into who the other candidate picks. ” Yet presidential nominees have their opponents very much in mind as they try to create the strongest possible ticket. In 2012 Mitt Romney chose Mr. Ryan to energize conservatives and sharpen his ticket’s policy differences with the Obama administration. In 2008, Barack Obama wanted Joseph R. Biden Jr. ’s experience and perspective from decades in government. Senator John McCain chose Sarah Palin to appeal to conservatives and reinforce his outsider image. In the current race, both Democrats and Republicans say that Mrs. Clinton has little incentive to risk a   pick like Ms. Warren to counter Mr. Trump’s selection of Mr. Pence, who is little known and so conservative that he may do little to win over moderates and independents. “Secretary Clinton’s goal should be to offer someone who won’t be a big story, someone unquestionably qualified but without much fanfare or controversy,” said Mike DuHaime, who was the top strategist for Mr. Christie’s presidential campaign. “Her goal should be to keep the focus of the campaign on Donald Trump and off of her and her running mate. ” Mrs. Clinton sorely needs to win over liberals and millennials, who strongly favored Senator Bernie Sanders of Vermont in the Democratic primary many of them still doubt her trustworthiness as a progressive and oppose her stands on Wall Street reform, free trade, the minimum wage and fracking. But with these voters, too, Mr. Pence gives Mrs. Clinton some breathing room because of his   conservative positions on abortion and gay rights. Mr. Pence has signed some of the most restrictive abortion laws in the nation, including a bill banning abortion based on a fetus’s race, sex, or disabilities like Down syndrome. He has also opposed   marriage and allowing gays to serve in the military and transgender people to use bathrooms of their choosing. (Mr. Trump has said he opposes abortion with exceptions and that he would be far better for gay Americans than Mrs. Clinton.) While many younger voters would like Mrs. Clinton to pick a liberal like Mr. Sanders or Ms. Warren as her running mate, and are wary of, or even hostile to, moderates like Mr. Kaine, Mrs. Clinton’s allies say that Mr. Pence’s positions are so toxic to these voters that they will ultimately unify behind the Democratic ticket. “Pence is so conservative, and a traditional Republican white guy, it frees her up to pick whoever she wants,” said Richard Socarides, a Clinton supporter and gay rights advocate who was an adviser to former President Bill Clinton. But Mr. Gingrich, for one, is skeptical that Mrs. Clinton will have it easy after she announces her selection, which is expected as early as Friday. “She has a twofold problem: Can she find someone who will appeal to undecided independents who see her as crooked or hopeless, and can she find someone who doesn’t continue this headlong rush to the left?” Mr. Gingrich said. “And the left wing of her party is insatiable. Pence may not make her life more complicated, but she still has a very hard problem to solve. ”",0
3844,"With Steady Gains in Economic Outlook, Fed Leaves Interest Rate Unchanged - The New York Times","WASHINGTON  —   The Federal Reserve is waiting for more information about the Trump administration’s economic plans, just like everyone else. After its first policy making meeting of the year, the Fed said on Wednesday that its economic outlook remained essentially unchanged since its previous meeting in December. The nation’s    economic expansion has continued, with little sign in the latest data that it is flagging or accelerating. And as expected, the Federal Open Market Committee, which makes monetary policy, left the Fed’s benchmark interest rate unchanged. The question is what comes next. Fed officials said in the weeks before the meeting Wednesday that their uncertainty about the outlook had increased. President Trump has proposed significant shifts in economic policy  —   including changes in taxation, regulation and trade  —   that could affect growth. “The statement is written such that the F. O. M. C. will be able to adjust monetary policy as needed in response to the fiscal and trade policies of the administration,” said Michael Gapen, chief United States economist at Barclays. At its December meeting, the Fed raised its benchmark interest rate for just the second time since the financial crisis. After the increase of a quarter point, the rate now ranges from 0. 5 percent to 0. 75 percent, still very low by historical standards. Low rates encourage borrowing and   contributing to faster economic growth. By raising rates, the Fed is gradually reducing the force of that stimulus. Fed officials predicted in December that they would raise the benchmark rate three times this year. But they have cautioned that changes in fiscal policy could alter those plans. If Mr. Trump and congressional Republicans seek to increase growth, for example by cutting taxes or spending a lot on infrastructure and the military, the Fed could raise rates more quickly. If Mr. Trump’s policies weigh on growth, the Fed could move more slowly. The only hint of those pressures in the Fed’s latest statement was a mention of increased public optimism about the outlook for the nation’s economy. “Measures of consumer and business sentiment have improved of late,” it said. Fed officials are watching fiscal policy makers closely because the Fed has concluded that the American economy is growing at something close to the maximum sustainable pace, meaning that, in the Fed’s view, faster growth would probably lead to higher inflation. Changes in fiscal policy are most likely to have a gradual impact, however, so the tension between the Fed and fiscal policy makers may play out mostly in coming years. “The committee is probably still in a    mode as far as fiscal policy is concerned,” said Kevin Logan, chief United States economist at HSBC. The Fed’s assessment of economic conditions remained upbeat. The latest data showed “the labor market has continued to strengthen and that economic activity has continued to expand at a moderate pace,” the statement said. “Job gains remained solid and the unemployment rate stayed near its recent low. ” Fed officials spoke in similarly optimistic tones in the weeks before the meeting. “All in all, things are looking good,” Patrick T. Harker, president of the Federal Reserve Bank of Philadelphia, said in  . “We’re starting 2017 off on a good foot. ” But seven years of tepid growth have not restored the economy to full health. The unemployment rate stood at 4. 7 percent in December, a level most Fed officials regard as nearly normal. Other labor market measures, however, remain weak. Wage growth is tepid, and the employment to population ratio for people 25 to 54 was 78. 2 percent in December. The Fed’s preferred measure of price inflation, the Bureau of Economic Analysis’ index of personal consumption expenditures, rose by 1. 6 percent in 2016, the strongest performance in more than two years. But inflation remains below the Fed’s goal of a 2 percent annual pace  —   a goal the Fed has not achieved since 2011. The vote to leave rates unchanged was unanimous, the Fed said. And the tempered language of the statement led investors to mark down the modest chance of a rate increase at the Fed’s next meeting, in March, from about 20 percent before the February statement to about 18 percent afterward, CME Group said. Janet L. Yellen, chairwoman of the Fed, will have a chance to elaborate on the central bank’s economic outlook and policy plans when she delivers a semiannual report on monetary policy to Senate and House committees on Feb. 14 and 15. In the meantime, the Fed is the rare corner of official Washington where nothing is happening. Contrasting a lively week at the White House and on Capitol Hill with the Fed’s announcement, Michael Feroli, the chief United States economist at JPMorgan Chase, declared the Fed’s headquarters “the most boring spot in Washington. ”",0
3845,Hiring Hurdle: Finding Workers Who Can Pass a Drug Test - The New York Times,"SAVANNAH, Ga.  —   A few years back, the   manufacturer  JCB held a job fair in the glass foyer of its sprawling headquarters near here, but when a throng of prospective employees learned the next step would be drug testing, an alarming thing happened: About half of them left. That story still circulates within the business community of this historic port city. But the problem has gotten worse. All over the country, employers say they see a disturbing downside of tighter labor markets as they try to rebuild from the worst recession since the Depression: They are struggling to find workers who can pass a   drug test. That hurdle partly stems from the growing ubiquity of drug testing, at corporations with big human resources departments, in industries like trucking where testing is mandated by federal law for safety reasons, and increasingly at smaller companies. But data suggest employers’ difficulties also reflect an increase in the use of drugs, especially marijuana  —   employers’ main gripe  —   and also heroin and other opioid drugs much in the news. Ray Gaster, the owner of lumberyards on both sides of the   Carolina border, recently joined friends at a retreat in Alabama to swap business talk. The big topic? Drug tests. “They were complaining about trying to find drivers, or finding people, who are   and can do some of the jobs that they have,” Mr. Gaster said. He shared their concern. Drug use in the work force “is not a new problem. Back in the ’80s, it was pretty bad, and we brought it down,” said Calvina L. Fay, executive director of the Drug Free America Foundation. But, she added, “we’ve seen it edging back up some,” and increasingly, both employers and industry associations “have expressed exasperation. ” Data on the scope of the problem is sketchy because figures on job applicants who test positive for drugs miss the many people who simply skip tests they cannot pass. Nonetheless, in its most recent report, Quest Diagnostics, which has compiled   data since 1988, documented an increase for a second consecutive year in the percentage of American workers who tested positive for illicit drugs  —   to 4. 7 percent in 2014 from 4. 3 percent in 2013. And 2013 was the first year in a decade to show an increase. John Sambdman, who employs about 100 people in Atlanta at Samson Trailways, which provides transportation for schools, events, tour groups and the military, must test job applicants and, randomly, employees. Many job seekers “just don’t bother to show up at the   place,” he complained. Just on Thursday, Mr. Sambdman said, an applicant failed a drug test. In August, Gov. Nathan Deal of Georgia promised to develop a program to help because so many business owners tell him “the No. 1 reason they can’t hire enough workers is they can’t find enough people to pass a drug test. ” That program is still under discussion. When job seekers contact Georgia’s Department of Labor, which provides some recruitment services to employers, the state would like to begin testing them for drugs individuals who test positive could receive drug counseling and ultimately job placement assistance, Mark Butler, the state labor commissioner, said in an interview. “Obviously, it’s not an easy process, and it would be costly,” Mr. Butler said. “But you’ve got to think: What is the reverse of that?” People needed to fill jobs are turned away, and, he added, “it’s pretty much a national issue. ” In Indiana, Mark Dobson, president of the Economic Development Corporation of Elkhart County, said that when he went to national conferences, the topic was “such a common thread of conversation  —   whether it’s in an area like ours that’s really enjoying very low unemployment levels or even areas with more moderate employment bases. ” In Colorado, “to find a roofer or a painter that can pass a drug test is ” said Jesse Russow, owner of Avalanche Roofing  Exteriors, in Colorado Springs. That was true even before Colorado, like a few other states, legalized recreational use of marijuana. In a sector where employers like himself tend to rely on Latino workers, Mr. Russow tried to diversify three years ago by recruiting white workers, vetting about 80 people. But, he said, “As soon as I say ‘criminal background check,’ ‘drug test,’ they’re out the door. ” While the employers’ predicament is worsened by a smaller hiring pool, the drug problem for those that require testing is not as bad as it once was. “If we go back to 1988, the combined U. S. work force positivity was 13. 6 percent when drug testing was new,” said Dr. Barry Sample, Quest’s director of science and technology. But two consecutive years of increases are worrisome, he said. A much broader data trove, the federal government’s annual National Survey on Drug Use and Health, reported in September that one in 10 Americans ages 12 and older reported in 2014 that they had used illicit drugs within the last month  —   the largest share since 2001. Taken together, Dr. Sample said, his data and the government’s indicate higher drug use among those who work for employers without a   program than workers who are tested, though use by the latter increased as well in 2013 and 2014. Testing dates to the Reagan administration. The 1988   Workplace Act required most employers with federal contracts or grants to test workers. In 1991, Congress responded to a deadly 1987 train crash in which two operators tested positive for marijuana by requiring testing for all “safety sensitive” jobs regulated by the Transportation Department. Those laws became the model for other employers. Some states give businesses a break on workers’ compensation insurance if they are certified as  . Here at the main yard of Gaster Lumber and Hardware, faded certificates and signs (“Drugs Don’t Work Here”) attest to its certification as a   workplace since 1994. Mr. Gaster’s human resources director, Chuck Keller, said that status reduced workers’ compensation payments for its nearly 50 employees by 7. 5 percent in Georgia and 5 percent in South Carolina. The savings, about $4, 000 this year, offset costs of about $2, 500 for laboratory and   testing and related requirements. “We’re always short of drivers,” Mr. Gaster said, “and drug testing is part of it. ” Terry Donaldson, 53, who was tested when he started 20 years ago, supports the policy: “If they want to have a good job, the drugs got to go. ” So it was for some of his new  . Britt Sikes, 38 and a single father to three young girls, lost his teeth to methamphetamine and used marijuana since he was 8  —   until three weeks before taking the test for his $   job as a Gaster door installer. “I’m a recovering drug addict myself, and to raise my girls, I had to learn to leave it alone,” Mr. Sikes said. Kevin Canty, 55, said that in his experience, “most people can’t pass the drug test because they don’t want to pass a drug test. ” “They want the job,” he added, but “they still want to be in that lifestyle. And they have to choose. ” One of the newest hires, Frederick Brown, 34, said, “I come from a society where drugs is common  —   marijuana, weed, it’s common,” and people who cannot pass a drug test seek work at McDonald’s. Most restaurants do not test. “I asked for this job,” Mr. Brown said, calling it a blessing. “I already knew what I had to do  —   you know what I’m saying?”",0
3846,America’s Rocky Road to Raqqa,"America’s Rocky Road to Raqqa   Though the U.S. has no legal right to operate inside Syria, Official Washington is boasting about its plans to liberate Raqqa from ISIS. But another problem: the battle plan makes no sense, says Daniel Lazare. 
By Daniel Lazare 
In her final debate with Donald Trump, Hillary Clinton promised that the United States and its allies would follow up the offensive against ISIS-occupied Mosul with an assault on ISIS headquarters in Raqqa in neighboring Syria. Last week, Secretary of Defense Ashton Carter assured the press that an offensive was on the way. 
“It starts in the next few weeks,” Carter said . “That has long been our plan and we will be capable of resourcing both,” i.e. dual assaults on Mosul and Raqqa. President Barack Obama delivers a statement on confronting the terrorist group, Islamic State, in Syria, on the South Lawn of the White House on Sept. 23, 2014. (Official White House Photo by David Lienemann) 
“We think this is the right moment to begin pushing in Raqqa,” a Pentagon spokesman added on Monday. “There is a plan in place to begin this.” 
Except that the more the administration assures the public that an assault is just around the corner, the more distant it seems to become. In fact, it looks more and more like an assault on Raqqa won’t occur at all. The reason is simple. The strategy is half-baked even by U.S. standards. 
The effort to take back Mosul is off to a dangerous enough start as it is. The problem is not the military campaign, which seems to be making good progress as Iraqi troops enter the city for the first time in two years . Rather, it is the larger political setting. 
Powerful cross-currents are at work involving the Iraqi army, Turkey, Iranian-backed Shi‘ite militias known as Popular Mobilization Forces, or Al-Hashd al-Shaabi, and the Kurdish Peshmerga. Recep Tayyip Erdogan, Turkey’s neo-Ottoman president, has unsettled the Iraqis by claiming that Mosul lies within his country’s traditional sphere of influence and by vowing to protect the city’s Sunni population against revenge by Al-Hashd for anti-Shi‘ite atrocities committed by ISIS (also known as ISIL, Islamic State, and Daesh). 
Unfortunately, Erdogan’s fears are not unfounded since Al-Hashd has already been accused of atrocities in Tikrit and Fallujah while at least one militia leader has sworn to take vengeance in Mosul as well.   Clinton’s Slog Deeper into the Big Muddy .”] 
Although the Iraqi government has promised that the militias will confine their activities to the city’s outskirts, the Iraqi army is seen as hardly less threatening since its Shi‘ite flags are now ubiquitous . Mosul residents also feel threatened by the Kurds since they remember all too well when the Peshmerga took over in the wake of the 2003 U.S. invasion, sparking a wave of looting that stripped the city clean . 
Shi‘ite militia members similarly remember when they clashed with the Kurds in the central Iraqi town of Tuz Khurma as recently as April and are leery of coming into contact with them as well. 
Leery ‘Allies’ 
So everyone is leery of everyone else, which means that the more such forces converge on Mosul, the greater the risk that years of accumulated fears and hatreds will reach a critical mass and explode. Recep Tayyip Erdogan, President of Turkey, at the United Nations General Assembly on Sept. 20, 2016 (UN Photo) 
Erdogan is meanwhile refusing to abandon a military beachhead that he maintains in the small town of Bashiqa a few miles to the northeast, while Iraqi Prime Minister Haider al-Abadi is threatening that Turkey will be “ dismantled ” if it tries to mount a full-scale invasion. 
“We do not want war with Turkey,” Abadi said, “and we do not want a confrontation with Turkey. But if a confrontation happens, we are ready for it. We will consider [Turkey] an enemy and we will deal with it as an enemy.” 
Turkey’s reply has been to continue massing troops, tanks, and other military hardware on the Iraqi border just 90 miles to the north. On Wednesday, it piled on yet more abuse as Foreign Minister Mevlut Cavusoglu demanded of Abadi, “If you have the strength, why did you surrender Mosul to terror organizations?” 
But as dangerous as all this is, the situation some 280 miles to the west around Raqqa in Syria is even worse. As the U.S. tries to assemble a force capable of taking on ISIS, it finds itself picking its way through a list of contenders that is little short of dizzying. 
In addition to Syria, Russia and Turkey, the list includes the so-called Free Syrian Army; Kurdish People’s Protection Units known as the YPG; Sunni Arabs who have joined with the YPG in an umbrella federation known as the Syrian Democratic Forces or SDF; plus the same Iranian-backed Shi‘ite militias in Iraq that have lately begun threatening to cross the border and join in the assault on Raqqa as well. 
Also dizzying are the local animosities. While Turkey gets along well with Masoud Barzani, leader of the Kurdish autonomous zone in northern Iraq, the story is very different in northern Syria, where the left-leaning YPG is dominant. Since the YPG’s parent body, the Kurdish Democratic Union, is allied with the Kurdistan Workers’ Party (PKK), which has been leading an insurgency inside Turkey since the 1980s, Erdogan sees the militia as no better than Islamic State and possibly even worse. 
The YPG feels the same way, describing Erdogan and ISIS as nothing less than brothers under the skin. The YPG is hostile to the Free Syrian Army since it took part in last summer’s Turkish incursion into northern Syria, whose primary goal was to prevent Kurdish militia units in northeastern Syria from hooking up with fellow YPG fighters in the northwest. The FSA, meanwhile, is not only anti-YPG but anti-U.S. even though its Turkish sponsors are nominally pro. 
Thus, Free Syrian Army members erupted in anti-American chanting when a convoy of U.S. commandoes showed up in the Turkish-occupied town of Al-Rai in mid-September, forcing the Americans to flee . 
“Christians and Americans have no place among us,” one militant shouted . “They want to wage a crusader war to occupy Syria.” Another called out: “The collaborators of America are dogs and pigs. They wage a crusader war against Syria and Islam.” 
This is one of the groups that Washington classifies as “secular” and “moderate.” Still, Washington’s hope is that the various factions will put their differences aside long enough to “liberate” Raqqa. The prospect seems unlikely especially since fighting between the Turkish-backed FSA and the YPG seems to be spreading. 
Turkey Killing Kurds 
On Oct. 20, Turkish jets and artillery pounded YPG-SDF positions northeast of Aleppo, killing as many as 200 fighters. Since then, the two groups – Turkey and the Free Syrian Army on one side, the YPG and anti-Turkish Arabs of the SDF on the other – have been engaged in a struggle for control of ISIS-occupied Al-Bab, 20 miles or so south of the Turkish border and roughly the same distance northeast of Aleppo. Syrian President Bashar al-Assad. (Photo credit: Fabio Rodrigues Pozzebom / ABr) 

If Turkish-FSA forces take Al-Bab, then Kurdish hopes of linking up their forces in northeastern and northwestern Syria will have been dashed. The FSA would then be in a position to push east to Raqqa, which would mean a clash with both the main body of the YPG and ISIS. Or, as the often perceptive Moon of Alabama website suggests , it could instead wheel about and attempt to relieve its fellow Salafists besieged in Aleppo. 
That would mean a head-on collision with Syrian government forces and exposure to Russian jets, a point that a Syrian government helicopter drove home last week by bombing Turkish-FSA forces engaged in combat with the YPG. 
Internecine warfare like this can only benefit Islamic State, an undisputed expert at using its opponents’ differences to its own advantage. This is why it was able to put down roots in Syria in the first place – because the U.S. was too busy trying to topple Bashar al-Assad to worry about an Al Qaeda offshoot that Obama famously dismissed as nothing more than “ a JV team .” 
It’s also why Islamic State was able to establish bases and supply lines in Turkey – because Erdogan was more concerned with fighting Assad and the Kurds to concern himself with what his fellow Sunnis were up to. A northern Syrian and Iraqi landscape torn by infighting is perfect for a hyper-violent Sunni-Salafist group skilled at playing one group off against another. 
The White House dimly senses that it has gotten itself into a mess, which is why officials turn vague and inscrutable whenever reporters press for details concerning a reported assault on Raqqa. The problem, as the U.S. officials see it, is that Erdogan remains unalterably opposed to the YPG-SDF even though it is the only ground force capable of fighting Islamic State. Hence, it is impossible to take Raqqa without alienating a fellow member of NATO. 
“We do not need terrorist organizations like the PYD-YPG,” Erdogan says he told Obama in an Oct. 26 phone call , referring to the militia and Kurdish Democratic Union. “I said, ‘Come, let’s remove [Islamic State] from Raqqa together. We will sort this out together with you.’ We have the strength.” 
The U.S. doubts that Erdogan does have that capability yet is unable to say no. The upshot is talks, negotiations, and growing delays. Jennifer Cafarella, a Syria expert at the neocon Institute for the Study of War, grouses that the administration is “stalling” while, on the other side of the debate, foreign-policy “realists” wonder why the administration is rushing ahead with a strategy that it knows won’t work. 
Skeptical Analysis 
In a hard-hitting analysis in the conservative but often skeptical National Interest, Daniel L. Davis, a retired army colonel and Afghan veteran, points out that whereas a national army, well-armed militias, U.S. ground and intelligence forces, and “resupply lines through friendly territory” are all in place in northern Iraq, “none of those things exist” with regard to Raqqa. The political problems, he adds, are even more daunting. Map of Syria. 
When Kurdish units liberated the ISIS-occupied town of Manbij in August, Davis notes, grateful residents told YPG members, “You are our children, you are our heroes, you are the blood of our hearts.” Yet the YPG’s reward was to be denounced as terrorists by Erdogan and instructed to leave by the U.S. 
“What possible assurances could the United States give to the Kurds,” Davis writes, “that upon successful liberation of Raqqa, the Turkish army isn’t going to turn on them? Why would the Turks bomb the Kurdish troops one day and then work with them the next, or allow the Kurds to maintain a presence after liberating Raqqa? There is no recognizable logic in these unsubstantiated hopes.” 
Davis is correct. But, then, there is no recognizable logic in the Obama administration’s intervention in Syria in general. Why insist that Assad step down, for example, when the only effect will be to clear a path for Al Qaeda and Islamic State straight through to the presidential palace in Damascus? 
Why back a Turkish incursion into northern Syria when the only result is to infuriate Kurds who are the only effective anti-ISIS fighting force that the U.S. has on its side? Why insist that the U.S. wants a democratic solution to the Syrian civil war when the countries backing the anti-Assad forces, i.e. Saudi Arabia and the other Arab oil monarchies, are some of the most undemocratic societies on earth? 
None of it makes sense. But since the Israelis, Turks and Saudis all want Assad to go, the Obama administration feels that it has no choice but to comply. How else can it keep a fractious empire together if not by catering to its client states’ whims and desires? 
When empires are strong, they can afford to say no. But when they are weak and over-extended, they do as they are told. This is why the U.S. is frozen with regard to Raqqa. It can’t disappoint its allies by calling an assault off, and it can’t push ahead with a plan that doesn’t add up. So it dawdles. 
Daniel Lazare is the author of several books including The Frozen Republic: How the Constitution Is Paralyzing Democracy (Harcourt Brace).",0
3847,Politics In The Matrix: Trump Won’t Prosecute Hillary Clinton,"by Jon Rappoport, Activist Post : 
“If Donald Trump can help her [Hillary] heal, then perhaps that’s a good thing to do.” —Kellyanne Conway, former Trump campaign manager 
Donald Trump achieved two great things in his presidential campaign: he stopped Hillary Clinton from occupying the White House, and he ran against the media by attacking them mercilessly. 
Everything else is up for grabs. We will see. 
Already, he has made some “errors.” The appointment of Mike Pompeo as CIA director is a bad move. Pompeo, as a congressman, introduced the Dark Act, which now prevents the states from requiring GMO labels on food. And he favors the death sentence for Edward Snowden. 
Multiple media outlets are reporting that Trump will not attempt to prosecute Hillary Clinton. This is on the level of lowering the window shades for a vampire as dawn breaks. Hillary was certainly guilty in the email case, and the Clinton Foundation is a pay-for-play money laundering operation of global proportions—a private and parallel State Department, in which cash is the only standard for “diplomacy.” And these charges are mere low-hanging fruit on the Clinton crime family tree. 
Pursuing justice is supposed to be a Trump hallmark. 
Politics in the Matrix is a tap dance and a shuffle. Deals and compromises are made all the way along the line. Washington and its media allies suck their very life juices from those deals. Like some fungus, they thrive in the dark every-day corruption of This traded for That. In many ways, Trump exclaimed he was above the game. The deals he was going to make would all be on the side of benefiting America—so he has a price to pay for asserting he was most definitely a different character on the political scene. 
That unbridled assertion was what drove huge numbers of people to show up at his rallies all over the country. They wanted an outsider who had a serious ax to grind with Washington and the media. They wanted him to be angry and outraged—because they were, too. They didn’t want a great healer, because justice comes before healing. 
Many of them had felt the effects of Globalism and its grotesque trade treaties. They were out of work, and he was going to bring back jobs. But that wasn’t their only motivation. They knew their jobs had been stolen by anti-American elites, and they wanted the sword of justice to fall on those elites. They knew Hillary Clinton was an arch-Globalist. 
For these millions of Trump supporters, forgiving and forgetting and moving on isn’t presidential. It smells bad. They were never part of the glazed-over New Age crowd, and they aren’t now. The cheese-glob “coming together” isn’t in their lexicon. They don’t view anger as a character defect or a “compensatory” response that traces back into early childhood. They want bad people to pay for their crimes. 
Hillary Clinton would be at the top of their list. Helping her heal is a sick joke. They want her in prison where she belongs. They know her constant vapid calls for “national unity” during the campaign were a straight-out con, a cover for her lust for power. 
They see nothing redeeming about her. It’s simple: she fights the good and embraces evil. Therefore, she should be punished. 
Doing so would set an example and a course for the Trump administration: we don’t back away, we don’t back down. We aren’t separating “campaign talk” from presidential action. We’re not trying to make that phony distinction. 
If Trump prosecuted Hillary to the full extent of the law, then of course the owls would come out hooting: he’s vengeful; he can’t let go; he’s mean; he’s spiteful; he’s a cruel sadist; this goes beyond any civilized sense of propriety befitting a real leader. 
Yes? And? So? 
So what? 
Is Trump the same man now that he was when he was campaigning? 
Even asking that question seems naïve, because of course we know all politicians rearrange themselves after they win a victory. But Trump portrayed himself as very, very different. He stood on that difference. He celebrated it. He reveled in it. He took great pleasure in it. 
Now, he has to pay the price. 
His supporters don’t want to hear some garbled nonsense about how prosecuting Hillary would create a giant distraction from the job of leading the country. Trump’s whole campaign was a distraction from politics as usual. That’s what gave him strength. 
Prosecuting Hillary Clinton now would be counter-intuitive and outrageous, and therefore it would be the most Trumpian thing Trump could do. 
It would give him more support from his millions of people. 
And it would be right and correct and it would deliver justice where justice has been needed for a very long time. 
And when the whole host of sordid details about Hillary’s crimes came spilling out into the light, people who pride themselves on being in the camp of the “beautiful and virtuous” would realize who they have been defending. 
It would provide a valuable lesson, and the price of admittance to that show would trump the decades of waiting America has endured in the case of The People vs. Hillary Clinton. 
This case has now been canceled. 
Donald Trump achieved two great things in his presidential campaign: he stopped Hillary Clinton from occupying the White House, and he ran against the media by attacking them mercilessly. Failing to prosecute Hillary is not a great thing. It is a very bad thing.",0
3848,‘Arab Spring’ and the Washington-Brussels-Riyadh Axis,Be the First to Comment!   Search articles,0
3849,"Hillary’s So Pissed At FBI, But Here’s The 1 Person Who Really Screwed Her","Hillary’s So Pissed At FBI, But Here’s The 1 Person Who Really Screwed Her Posted on October 31, 2016 by Rebecca Diserio in Politics Share This 
Hillary Clinton and all of her supporters are freaking out over FBI Director James Comey’s recent re-opening of the email scandal investigation, saying he has new information coming from a forgotten Huma Abedin laptop. Hillary is so pissed, she has been on a tirade, blasting Comey and Donald Trump, but she forgot one thing — and that is the one person who really screwed her. Hillary Clinton is pissed off. 
Poor Hillary Clinton, since stepping into the White House back in 1992, she has imagined herself sitting in the Oval Office as the one with all the power. She has conspired and broken laws, killed men in Benghazi, and lied about their deaths, but now, it looks like its all for nothing. 
If only she could live in reality for 20 seconds, she would realize the one person who screwed her was staring back at her in the mirror. Everything that has happened is because she decided or rather insisted that all her crimes involving her own home based server be covered up. 
She was warned when she became Secretary of State that all emails having to do with government business must go through the “dot gov” system. She had to take a class on how to handle classified documents, and after the class, she had to sign a document confirming that she understood all of her work emails must stay on the “dot gov” system. 
Why? Was this just a stupid rule that had no real life consequences? No. People’s lives are at risk. Our troop’s movements are in those emails. The information about CIA spies, who are risking their lives in foreign countries, are in those emails. Who needs a class to understand what is at stake? 
So, how can she get pissed off about this investigation and say over and over “it was a mistake, there is no case with the FBI”? A mistake? A mistake is an action or judgment that is misguided or wrong. Intentionally going against all protocols and putting the lives of others in danger is a crime. Hillary Clinton in August 2015 
Here’s what Rush Limbaugh said: 
“They’ve nominated somebody that’s under constant FBI investigation, and there are four different investigations into the Clinton Foundation. Do not doubt me when I tell you that within the inner circles of the Democrat Party, they are very worried about this. Even if she gets elected, they’re very worried about it, because of what it portends for her presidency. This woman is corrupt. She and her husband are constantly engaged in things that place them under investigation, for 30 years .” [via Rush Limbaugh.com ] 
Hillary is so pissed off, but for those of us who have suffered through watching her tear apart this nation, sell influence to foreign entities in the “pay for play” scandals, leave our men in Benghazi to die while blaming it on a video, and lie under oath numerous times, well, we couldn’t be happier. 
American women have no business voting for Hillary as the first woman American president. What kind of a legacy is that for our daughters and granddaughters? How will those women who backed her and voted for her ever explain that the first woman president was the biggest criminal ever to hold that office? 
She is a monster, and I’m tired of her supporters crying now that it’s falling apart. The only person to blame is Hillary Clinton, and anyone who can’t see her clearly is delusional. No one made her commit crimes that she needed to cover up with a home based server. Put her in prison, where she belongs, and throw away the keys.",0
3850,Inmates Take Employees Hostage at a Delaware State Prison - The New York Times,"Inmates were holding two people hostage at a Delaware prison on Wednesday night in a standoff that began in the morning and left at least one prison employee injured, officials said. The hostages were taken at the James T. Vaughn Correctional Center, near the town of Smyrna, between Wilmington and Dover. It is the state’s largest prison, with 2, 500 inmates in     and   units. At a news conference on Wednesday night, officials revealed that a total of 27 inmates had been released by the   but it was unclear whether they had been held against their will and how many inmates remained. Officials said four staff members had initially been taken hostage. Early accounts put that number at five, though officials said one person had not been accounted for at first but was later found to be safe. Robert Coupe, the secretary of the Delaware Department of Safety and Homeland Security, said at the news conference at about 8:15 p. m. that the authorities were communicating with the inmates via a   radio belonging to a correctional officer. Inmates also have access to television and may have been watching a live broadcast of the news conference, he added. At 10:32 a. m. “a correctional officer made a radio call for immediate assistance from within C Building, which houses over 100 inmates,” Sgt. Richard Bratz of the Delaware State Police said at a news conference earlier on Wednesday. The building houses   inmates who are making the transition to medium security. Other correction officers responded to the distress call, and the prison was placed on lockdown, but inmates took four employees hostage. At about 2:40 p. m. one hostage was set free and taken by ambulance to a hospital, Sergeant Bratz said, “with   injuries. ” Eight inmates were released at 5:20 p. m. Shortly before 8 p. m. another staff member and 19 inmates were released. Their conditions were not immediately known. The News Journal newspaper reported that a woman had called its newsroom, stated that she was a hostage and haltingly read a statement that she said had been given to her by the inmates, complaining of mistreatment. She said the prisoners had forbidden her to give her name, and when asked how many inmates were holding her, she said she did not know because “they’ve got my face covered. ” Officials declined to discuss specifics of the inmates’ demands. Mr. Coupe said that once the takeover was resolved peacefully, “a dialogue can start then. ” Scores of law enforcement officers in riot gear, with armored vehicles, gathered around the prison’s buildings. Sergeant Bratz said officials were in contact with the   but he gave no details about their demands or the progress of negotiations. “We are doing everything we can to ensure the safety of everyone involved,” he said. As a precaution, the Department of Correction placed all of the state’s prisons on lockdown. On a rural road along the prison perimeter, Carla Vereen was waiting in her car for news of her husband, who has worked in the prison as a corrections officer for 16 years. Ms. Vereen said she had not heard directly from her husband or from the prison authorities since the hostage crisis began. Also waiting was a former inmate, Rollin Lee Laub, who said he was not surprised to hear the reports that some inmates had taken hostages. “They took everything from these guys so they had nothing but idle time, which is the devil’s workshop,” said Mr. Laub, who was released from the prison in 2014 after serving almost 40 years.",0
3851,"On Campus, Trump Fans Say They Need ‘Safe Spaces’ - The New York Times","ANN ARBOR, Mich.  —   Amanda Delekta, a sophomore at the University of Michigan and political director of the College Republicans, was ecstatic when her candidate, Donald J. Trump, won the presidential election. But her mood of celebration quickly faded when students held an evening vigil on campus  —   to mourn the results  —   and her biology teacher suspended class on the assumption, Ms. Delekta said, that students would be too upset to focus. She was outraged. “Nobody has died,” Ms. Delekta said. “The United States has not died. Democracy is more alive than ever. Simply put, the American people voted and Trump won. ” She circulated an online petition and accused the university president of catering to the liberal majority by suggesting that “their ideology was superior to the ideology of their peers,” as she put it, when he sent out an email publicizing the vigil and listing counseling resources for students upset by the election. Three days later, she was invited to meet with the president in his office. “I was completely shocked that he even read the letter,” she said. “That was definitely a new thing. It was very exciting. ” Conservatives and liberals on campuses across the country have been clashing throughout the campaign  —   and throughout this year of protest. But the conflict has gained new intensity since the election, and students, faculty and administrators say they expect tension to get worse once the presidential baton is passed on Inauguration Day in January. Conservative students who voted for Mr. Trump say that even though their candidate won, their views are not respected. Some are adopting the language of the left, saying they need a “safe space” to express their opinions  —   a twist resented by   protesters. Administrators are struggling to maintain a balance between political factions. But some college presidents have entered the fray with statements that seem more sympathetic to the left, in some cases provoking a backlash. To Todd Gitlin, a professor of journalism and sociology at Columbia University, and a veteran of student protests in the 1960s, it all seems familiar  —   and a possible harbinger of conflict to come. Dr. Gitlin said that the ’60s, about which he wrote an influential book, were often seen as a radical decade, but that it was more accurate to call it a polarized time. Conservatives were strong on campus, particularly in the early part of the decade, he said, and it was only later that the academic culture came to be viewed as majority liberal. “I was at Michigan for two years in ’63 to ’65, so I can tell you there was a very widespread   movement,” Dr. Gitlin said. For conservative students like Ms. Deletka, the messages from university officials, seemingly assuming that everyone on campus was upset about the election result, were particularly offensive. At Columbia, the provost, John H. Coatsworth, sent out an email on Nov. 21 that began, “The presidential election has prompted intense concern for the values we hold dear and for members of our community who are apprehensive about what the future holds. ” The day after the election, Biddy Martin, president of Amherst College in Massachusetts, called for tolerance and acknowledged that some people might be rejoicing. But she also said in a speech on campus: “In the mirror we see virulent forms of racism, misogyny, homophobia and other ills and we see them celebrated by some as though the expression of our worst impulses were the definition of human freedom. ” Amherst also saw a bit of a controversy surrounding a professor who was singled out for his views. The professor, Hadley Arkes, an emeritus professor of political science, pulled out a bottle of champagne in his political science class to celebrate Mr. Trump’s election. An editorial in The Amherst Student newspaper criticized him for bringing alcohol to class, and suggested that college officials hold him “accountable” for supporting a candidate the paper’s editorial board thought was bigoted, homophobic and misogynist. “There are students on this campus whose lives and civil liberties will be compromised in the next four years,” the editorial said. “Not only does Amherst’s nonpartisan stance invalidate their struggles, but brash and insensitive political partisanship creates irreparable scars. ” Dr. Arkes said that he had offered students in his class a spectrum of ways to express their feelings postelection. For students who were grieving, he recited the Kaddish, the Jewish mourner’s prayer. For those who were celebrating, he quoted Churchill about not gloating: “In victory, magnanimity. ” Finally, in what he said was intended as a comic gesture, he pulled out the champagne. But mindful that he might be accused of offering an alcoholic beverage to underage students, he did not uncork it. Now it seemed, he said, that some people just could not take a joke. “There is no urbanity or humor  —   or the wit to deal with challenge, grave or light,” he wrote in an email. “They can respond only in ‘boilerplate,’ quite predictable reflexes  —   so predictable that I did predict it easily. ” The mood is muted at more conservative campuses, students and professors said. Erika Meitner, a creative writing professor at Virginia Tech, said that there was a strange quietness on her campus, and that she was not sure whether to think of it as détente or the calm before the storm. Ms. Meitner said that as a leader of small poetry seminars, she knew a lot about her students’ private lives. So she has been struck by how they have kept their reactions to the election to themselves. “It’s really weird, because I know all of their breakups,” she said. “I know when their cat died, because they write poems about this. ” Tim Sands, the president of Virginia Tech, was one of the rare college presidents who explicitly suggested in his postelection message that students might have a range of emotions about the outcome, or as he put it, be experiencing feelings “from vindication to shock, from outright fear to enthusiasm. ” Michigan students say that before the election, attitudes were less intense. “It was more like friendly banter, little side comments, but it wasn’t really serious,” said Anna Giacomini, an elected representative to the student government for the liberal arts college at the university. Now tensions are heightened. According to a campuswide message from Mark Schlissel, the university’s president, bias incidents have been reported. A student walking near campus was threatened with being lit on fire because she wore a hijab. Other students were accused of being racist for supporting Mr. Trump. A few days ago, Ms. Delekta and two fellow Republican students sat down at a local restaurant, Sava’s, to talk about the campus mood with several students with   views. The conversation soon grew tense as the students were unable to agree on almost anything. Ms. Delekta described how she had been offended when a classmate wondered why as a “white female,” she had not voted for Hillary Clinton. She resented what she saw as identity politics on campus. “My identity is so much more than my race and my gender,” Ms. Delekta said. “We’re all so much more similar than we think. ” She was able to separate Mr. Trump’s policies from his personal attitudes toward women, she said later. “I’m not electing a grandpa or a babysitter,” Ms. Delekta said. Ibtihal Makki, a   senior in a pink hijab who is studying biopsychology and neuroscience and is chairwoman of a student government diversity committee, objected to conservatives on campus saying they needed safe spaces to express their views. “To turn around and say that they need safe spaces after their candidate won I think is ironic and hypocritical,” Ms. Makki said. In the past, she added, conservatives did not understand the need for safe spaces, “because they never needed it, because they don’t have any of the identities that made them feel that way. ” White conservatives like Ms. Delekta, Ms. Makki said, are not as vulnerable as someone with dark skin or who is wearing a hijab, because she cannot be identified as a conservative by any outward signs. Another student, Maryam Ahmed, said she had been one of about 1, 000 students who marched in the campus vigil the day after the election. She said the marchers were positive but feared for their safety. Her friends were passing on text messages  —   which turned out to be false  —   warning that white militias were going to invade the streets of Ann Arbor. “There was definitely a divisiveness that came on campus postelection,” she said. “The election was like a needle poking into a bubble. ” She said she was hopeful the climate would improve, but added: “I could be wrong. It could get worse. ” When Ms. Delekta met with Michigan’s president, Dr. Schlissel, she brought Enrique Zalamea, president of the College Republicans, along with her. They proposed a kind of unity campaign for campus, in which students would march with signs saying, “I am a Wolverine,” to stress their similarities. And they suggested some   sessions on inclusivity and diversity. Dr. Schlissel told them that it was too early for such activities, and that they should allow a   period first, Ms. Delekta said. She was deeply disappointed. “That’s not my personality,” she said. Dr. Schlissel declined to comment on the mood on campus, but a spokeswoman, Kim Broekhuizen, said Ms. Delekta’s account of the meeting was accurate. Still Ms. Delekta was heartened by the meeting, seeing it as a sign that conservatives might be invited into the fold. She is hoping to score tickets to the inauguration, the beginning of a new era, she believes, for better. But she will not be surprised, she said, if tensions flare anew. “It’s going to be right back in the media,” she said. “I think people are going to start to get worked up again, whether it be in excitement or frustration and fear. ”",0
3852,"Hilarion’s Message – October 30-November 5, 2016","Leave a reply 
Hilarion – As you endeavor to stay in equilibrium and balance during these days with all that is occurring within your sphere of resonance, you are finding that the intensified energies are having their effect, not only within your own system but in all those who are in your sphere of influence. The duality energies are rampant and it is important to remember your purpose for holding the Light during these times. 
It is very easy for you who are sensitive to the energies around you to understand that the feelings that you have been experiencing are mainly those that are being experienced at the collective consciousness level. There is much fear and doubt that is rampant at these times – remember this – and re-center and refocus on that which you are and that which you stand for. 
Stay true to yourself, so far you have not been led astray; you have maintained your position and stayed within your core center. As the energies ramp up to an even greater degree in the coming days, it is important to take time to experience that which brings you joy, laughter, peace, and inspiration personally. 
It is important to focus on these things; to take time away from your Earthly duties and concerns often and take a break by going out in nature and doing things that you usually put off until another day, those things that nurture you and replenish your own energy. This is what is needed for you to be focusing on. Feel the joy, laugh often, laugh loudly, there is so much beauty around you – it fills every place and space in your environment – look for it and enjoy it! 
Embody that energy within your being after this break, for it is then possible for you to make an informed and clear decision as to your next move. As this year draws to an end, it is the time for completion of all that you set out to do in previous years, the time of the completion of all goals, projects and intentions that you set out to accomplish. This is an alignment in preparation for the new cycle that begins in 2017 for it is a new nine year cycle. This is the time to finish up and complete all that needs completing so that you can start fresh. 
It is within the realm of possibility to completely recreate yourself in the new cycle; how you present yourself to the world, how you speak, think and feel. It does not require the approval of others, it is something that is in your own interest – not selfish interest, but an acknowledging that there is a new cycle that is looming on the horizon so that you can be in a position to take advantage of all the energies of those times and this is very appropriate. 
The energy of the world around you is changing moment by moment and it is hard to maintain your intentions and focus but it is possible to do it. You have all the tools and the knowledge that you need to stay true to yourself, to stay aligned with the higher aspects of yourself. No matter what occurs in the world around you, you know within yourself that all is well and always has been. The world goes round and round, much is the same as it was, that which has true meaning and value continues and opens up to you and this is the area where you should focus and concentrate. 
Reconnect to the love that resides within your heart and open your heart as wide as you can possibly do so in each moment. The world needs your love, the world needs your calming and soothing presence and this is an important aspect of your work upon this planet. We are with you and abide beside each one of you as you go about your daily activities. We prompt you to take those breaks when necessary and during these tumultuous times it is important to take more breaks, they do not have to be of long duration, just so that you feel renewed and restored within the center of your being. 
Send healing Light, love and energy to those areas of the world that are experiencing Earth changes that are not happy ones at the moment. These changes bring a gathering together of those peoples so that they work in concert and in harmony with each other as they realize the important values in their lives, that of cooperation, communication, and unity – these are the important values that will be retained as different areas of the worlds peoples experience coming happenings. 
As all of humanity moves into the unknown, there is a gathering together of like minds and this brings harmonious and peaceful results throughout the world. Everyone gathers around those in need and gives of their help and assistance, their love and energies and this all is for the highest good of everyone upon the planet. 
We counsel you that all the answers that you are seeking, the truth that you are seeking about any given subject, is always contained and available within yourselves. Know this and align with your higher aspects, with the purity that lies within the core of your Divine essence. There you will always be in harmony with All That Is. Know this and stay strong and focused, know that all is well, the universe turns, the Earth turns and all is as it should be. 
All that needs to be changed is in the process of that change and therefore things can seem pretty intense. All these changes need to take place, we have known this for many, many decades and now, we are in the midst of that change. Have faith that all is as it should be and that you will come out at the end of all this change with joy, peace and happiness to a new way and a new beginning filled with all that is right and good and decent in your world and the world at large. You are loved, you have always been loved. It is now time to shine that love, to radiate it out to others who are so in need of it during these times. 
Until next week…",0
3853,"Stiftung Warentest benotet Planeten Erde mit ""Mangelhaft""","Sonntag, 20. November 2016 Stiftung Warentest benotet Planeten Erde mit ""Mangelhaft"" Berlin (Archiv) - Großer Schock für Erdnutzer: Wie die Stiftung Warentest am Mittwoch mitteilte, hat der Planet Erde in einem ausführlichen Test auf Bewohnbarkeit, Sauberkeit und allgemeinen Nutzen lediglich die Note ""Mangelhaft"" erreicht. Demnach sei der Planet für eine Besiedelung durch den Menschen kaum bis gar nicht zu empfehlen. ""Bereits seit Jahren erreichen uns Berichte empörter Nutzer, die mit ihrem Gesamterlebnis auf dem Planeten Erde in höchstem Maße unzufrieden sind"", erklärte eine Sprecherin der Stiftung auf einer Pressekonferenz. Besonders erschreckend sei dabei die Vielzahl unterschiedlichster Defizite und teils hochgefährlicher Fehlfunktionen, die auf ein bereits ab Werk mangelhaftes Produkt hinweisen. Vernichtend: Urteil der Stiftung Warentest ""Im Test haben sich vor allem der hohe Salzwassergehalt, das nahezu ständige Auftreten von Naturkatastrophen und die Anwesenheit ziemlich nervender Wespen als größte Schwächen der Erde erwiesen"", so die Sprecherin. ""Zudem sterben ständig Menschen, weil die Erde gegen elementarste Sicherheitsbestimmungen verstößt."" So seien 97 Prozent aller Canyons, Klippen und Schluchten nicht ordnungsgemäß abgesichert. In den meisten Gewässern fehlen Tiefenangaben sowie ausgewiesene Nichtschwimmerbereiche. In die Gesamtnote von 5,1 (""Mangelhaft"") seien jedoch noch deutlich mehr Mängel eingeflossen. So enthalte die Erde zahlreiche, nicht deklarierte Inhaltsstoffe, die teilweise Allergien hervorrufen, sowie alle erdenklichen gefährlichen Chemikalien, die oftmals krebserregend oder gar radioaktiv seien. Nicht zuletzt könne die planeteneigene Gravitation Gelenkbeschwerden und Verschleißerscheinungen hervorrufen. Harte Kritik übte die Stiftung Warentest auch am Hersteller der Erde, der sich derzeit an einem unbekannten Ort aufhält und jegliche Beschwerden enttäuschter Kunden über sein Produkt unbeantwortet lässt. Angebracht sei mindestens eine Stellungnahme und gegebenenfalls eine koordinierte Rückrufaktion, so die Forderung der Warentester. Bis dahin rate man vorsorglich jedem davon ab, die Erde privat zu nutzen. ssi, dan; Hinweis: Erstmals erschienen am 15.8.14 Artikel teilen:",0
3854,"If Russia Inquiry Is Not ‘Legitimate,’ Democrats May Abandon It - The New York Times","WASHINGTON  —   They agreed just a week ago to the terms of a House Intelligence Committee investigation into Russian meddling in the 2016 presidential election. But now some of the panel’s Democrats are warning that they may pull their support for the inquiry if it becomes mired in   politics. When that might happen is unclear, and Democrats know that the current moment of even tentative comity on the   panel may offer their best chance for scrutinizing links between people close to President Trump and Russian officials. Still, Democrats are bracing for fights over subpoenaing witnesses and documents  —   including, possibly, Mr. Trump’s tax returns  —   since Republicans have balked at an outside, independent inquiry into what intelligence officials say was an unprecedented intrusion into an American election by a foreign power. “I’m not going to be part of a    show that is not a serious effort to do an investigation because this is really serious,” said Representative Jackie Speier, Democrat of California. “If it’s not a legitimate and comprehensive and   investigation, why would we be party to it?” Ms. Speier said the committee’s Democrats  —   all nine of whom were interviewed by The New York Times  —   would not hesitate, “under certain circumstances,” to pull their support. Democrats are already wary of moves by the committee’s chairman, Representative Devin Nunes, Republican of California, to undercut the purported Russian connection. Mr. Nunes has belittled news stories about the Russian links of Mr. Trump’s associates and has pledged  —   along with Senator Richard M. Burr, the North Carolina Republican who leads the Senate Intelligence Committee  —   to examine Mr. Trump’s accusations, made without evidence, that President Barack Obama ordered surveillance of Trump Tower. Mr. Nunes was a prominent supporter of Mr. Trump’s campaign and served on the administration’s transition team. So far, some Democrats on the House panel said, Mr. Nunes had been receptive to many of their requests in the inquiry. “Most of us would agree that there’s no way we’re participating in any form of   or whitewash, so we will walk away if the moment requires,” said Representative Jim Himes, Democrat of Connecticut. “But we’re certainly not there yet. ” Representative Adam B. Schiff of California, the committee’s top Democrat, said it was unclear whether the panel could conduct a credible investigation, ideally resulting in a single, bipartisan report on its findings. Along with Mr. Nunes, Mr. Schiff is among the   Gang of Eight congressional leaders who receive classified intelligence briefings. “If we get to the point at any time where I feel we can’t do that, where there are legitimate lines of investigation that are being walled off, then I will say so,” Mr. Schiff told reporters this week. Democrats expect the first major test of the investigation  —   and Mr. Nunes’s stewardship  —   to come on March 20, when the committee holds its first public hearing. An initial list of invited witnesses included James B. Comey, the F. B. I. director James R. Clapper Jr. the director of national intelligence under Mr. Obama and Sally Q. Yates, the former acting attorney general who was fired by the Trump administration after refusing to defend the president’s first travel ban. Absent from the witness list was Michael T. Flynn, Mr. Trump’s first national security adviser, who resigned after it was revealed that he had misled Vice President Mike Pence and other White House officials about his conversations with the Russian ambassador. Though Mr. Nunes emphasized it was only an early list, he referred to Mr. Flynn as “a tangent,” portraying him as more of a victim of the intelligence leaks Mr. Nunes is seeking to investigate than a target of the inquiry. “From everything that I can see, his conversations with the Russian ambassador, he was doing this country a favor, and he should be thanked for it,” Mr. Nunes said. Mr. Nunes may need to tread cautiously to avoid the perception of crossing the line from impartial moderator to advocate. He has said the issue of whether Trump Tower was under surveillance during the campaign was well within the scope of the inquiry, and has denied that he added it after the president demanded that Congress investigate. With a tight smile, Mr. Schiff said he welcomed the opportunity to disprove Mr. Trump’s accusation. But some Democrats fumed at the idea that the panel’s work could give credence to it. Should the issue not be put to rest quickly, Ms. Speier said, “it would call into question the entire investigation. ” Several Democrats said they expected their desire to compel certain witnesses to testify to stoke friction among Republicans. But a flash point could come if Democrats press to subpoena Mr. Trump’s tax returns, a move that could scuttle the entire inquiry. Democrats have favored an outside, independent investigation, but many of them see the panel’s inquiry as the best they can do. And they are keenly aware that by pulling their support, they would sacrifice their roles in an investigation some see as among the most important of their time in public service. “It’s a big jump to pull out of this investigation, no matter how bad it is,” said Representative Mike Quigley, Democrat of Illinois. “Because whatever truth you can bleed out of this thing, the better off you are. ”",0
3855,Afghanistan Forces Struggle to Hold Firm Against Taliban in South - The New York Times,"   Afghanistan  —   As Taliban fighters push toward the southern city of Lashkar Gah, members of Afghanistan’s elite forces are trying to hold their ground here, about 10 miles from the city, the capital of Helmand Province and a critical link in the defense of the entire region. The Afghan government’s need to rely on the special forces, highly trained for commando raids, to guard the perimeter of the city exposes a stark reality. As Helmand, the largest province in Afghanistan and the center of its opium production, endures intense enemy fire this summer, the regular police and army forces have failed to stand firm, raising the possibility that the Taliban could overrun Lashkar Gah. “The police, as soon as they were inflicted with some casualties, gave up about 27 posts one after another without a fight, and our posts were surrounded by surprise,” said Col. Nematullah Khalil, the commander of the Afghan Army’s Third Regiment, 215 Corps, whose soldiers are trying to help the special forces hold the line in    in the Nad Ali district. “The enemy planted a lot of mines wherever they reached, and that slows us down. ” Lt. Col. Mohammad Omar Jan, the police chief of the Nad Ali district, rejected that assessment. The army is blaming the police to cover up its own weakness, Colonel Jan said, adding that the army was responsible for   ’s security because his forces were busy trying to secure the district governor’s compound. “The police are fighting in the front line and suffer heavy casualties more than any other forces,” he said. In the scorching heat on the front lines near    members of regular police and army units looked tired on a recent day as they gathered in small clusters, resting in the shade of some buildings’ mud walls. The main road that separates the Afghan forces from the Taliban, who have been striking more forcefully and relentlessly this fighting season, is heavily mined. The   cornfields around the largely abandoned homes look calm, but at night the forces regularly clash with the Taliban. The troops have managed to retake only about a mile in the 10 days since they lost much of the    area, said Colonel Khalil, the Afghan Army officer. The entire area held by government forces in Helmand has shrunk in recent months. Four districts, including Musa Qala and Nawzad, that were the focus of thousands of American and coalition troops during the 2010 surge are under Taliban control. Frequent airstrikes and reinforcements are required to keep many of the other 10 districts, some only nominally in government control, from falling. While Afghan officials insist that Lashkar Gah will not be lost, their   strategy seems unsustainable against an enemy that has proved to be mobile and resilient. Defending the district centers that have not fallen to the Taliban has required a delegation of senior generals and officials from Kabul to shuttle back and forth to monitor developments. On Thursday morning, the senior generals led the fighting, pushing their ground troops and calling in strikes by Afghan and American aircraft to fend off Taliban advances on the district center of Nawa, just south of Lashkar Gah and one of the safest places in Helmand until recently. The Taliban fire, including mortar barrages, damaged the government buildings and demolished the watchtowers. On returning to Lashkar Gah, the generals remained in emergency mode, constantly on the line with troops in other districts, urging them to hold their ground. The Taliban fighters, many of them retreating from Nawa, shifted to exert pressure on the center of the neighboring district of Garmsir. The generals rallied some commandos and then piled into helicopters to save Garmsir. Another team was busy trying to clear the main road to Kandahar Province, which had remained blocked for a week because of Taliban mines and check posts, officials said. Sultan Muhammad, the police chief of Maiwand District, who participated in the road clearance, said that the authorities had defused as many as 100 roadside bombs, and that teams were continuing to clear more even as they were being engaged by the Taliban. Late on Sunday, the convoy of the provincial police chief, Gen. Aqa Noor Kentoz, struck a roadside bomb. The general and three of his guards were wounded, a spokesman for the provincial governor said. Why are the Afghan forces, who local security officials say outnumber the insurgents at least five to one and receive air support, struggling so badly in a strategic province? Helmand was a center of President Obama’s surge, in which tens of thousands of American and coalition troops were sent to try to secure the area, with hundreds of NATO military advisers still aiding the Afghans in the province. Some of the most senior members of the original Taliban are from Helmand, but they now operate from across the border in Pakistan, enabling them to move back and forth, often out of the reach of coalition forces. Beyond its symbolic value, Helmand remains a focus of their attacks not only because it is the gateway to other southern provinces, but also because its fields produce the highest amount of opium in Afghanistan and its vast deserts sit on the main opium trade route. Increasingly, the Taliban have come to resemble a drug cartel as much as an insurgency, relying heavily on the profits from the opium trade to fund their fight. Complicating the situation, officials in Helmand say, local strongmen are using their influence to plant their own men in provincial security jobs in outposts on the   route. Gen. Abdul Rahman Rahman, the deputy interior minister, said more than 90 percent of the police officers in Helmand were residents of the province and thus vulnerable to meddling and conflicting loyalties. For example, if a commander is replaced because of incompetence or abuse, security officials say, he is apt to take hundreds of his men with him, leaving a hole in the area’s defense. Political ties can also undermine security. When the brother of a powerful lawmaker who served as the security chief of the Garmsir district was fired recently over allegations that he was involved in the drug trade, the lawmaker organized protests in Lashkar Gah and Kabul. (One of the lawmaker’s nephews remains the head of counternarcotics in the province.) Moreover, military goals pale compared with the allure of financial gain. “The most important thing for the forces in Helmand is their own interests and business in the province  —   they are trying to get the amount of money which they have been told,” said Muhammad Jan Rasulyar, a former deputy governor of Helmand, referring to the widely held belief that commanders in lucrative posts pay   who help them get such jobs. “Differences between government authorities in Helmand made the Taliban stronger in the province, and this is the main reason for the increasing of conflicts. The authorities ward off each other instead of the enemy. ” The army itself has struggled to recover after suffering a record number of casualties in Helmand last year. Gen. Murad Ali Murad, the deputy chief of the army staff, said senior officers had tried to use the winter months to rebuild the 215 Corps. But the relentless pace of the fighting, in Helmand and in other parts of the country, derailed their efforts. New recruits with little experience were thrown into battle. “All of a sudden, the threats in Helmand increased and there was need for those forces to be used in the field, and we felt their deficiencies,” General Murad said. “We felt their lack of equipment and experience in the battlefield. ” Conversely, the Taliban seem to be growing in their actual fighting capability, or in their psychological hold over a struggling foe. Afghan commanders, security officials and   fighters say the insurgents are physically tough and use   goggles, snipers and sophisticated weapons. This phase of the war pits   insurgents who plant mines and then swiftly disappear against an armed force that is lured into traps while chasing the insurgents. This happens even as the soldiers are supported by aircraft that can rain down fire that makes the holding of any area costly for the Taliban. But more than anything, it is an uneven fight between insurgents prepared to attack and die, and soldiers who would flee to live. It is also a story told by the disparity in the unverified number of casualties provided by Helmand’s governor, Hayatullah Hayat. In the most recent two weeks of fighting, 210 Taliban fighters were killed and 40 were wounded, compared with 15 dead and 35 wounded for the Afghan forces, the governor said (though other local officials have suggested that the casualties to Afghan forces could be much higher).",0
3856,White Nationalists Celebrate ‘an Awakening’ After Donald Trump’s Victory - The New York Times,"WASHINGTON  —   For years, they have lurked in the web’s dark corners, masking themselves with cartoon images and writing screeds about the demise of white culture under ominous pseudonyms. But on Saturday, in the wake of Donald J. Trump’s surprising election victory, hundreds of his extremist supporters converged on the capital to herald a moment of political ascendance that many had thought to be far away. In the bowels of the Ronald Reagan Building and International Trade Center, three blocks from the White House, members of the     movement gathered for what they had supposed would be an autopsy to plot their grim future under a Clinton administration. Instead, they celebrated the unexpected march of their white nationalist ideas toward the mainstream, portraying Mr. Trump’s win as validation that the tide had turned in their fight to preserve white culture. “It’s been an awakening,” Richard B. Spencer, who is credited with coining the term   said at the gathering on Saturday. “This is what a successful movement looks like. ” The movement has been critical of politicians of all stripes for promoting diversity, immigration and perceived political correctness. Its critics call it a rebranded version of the Ku Klux Klan, promoting   violence and suppression of minorities. Intellectual leaders of the movement argue that they are merely trying to realize their desire for a white “ ” where they can be left alone. Mr. Trump, with his divisive language about immigrants and Muslims, has given them hope that these dreams can come true. “I never thought we would get to this point, any point close to mainstream acceptance or political influence,” said Matt Forney, 28, of Chicago. “The culture is moving more in my direction. ” Emboldened by Mr. Trump’s takeover of the Republican Party, Mr. Forney said he expected people openly associated with the white nationalist movement to run as candidates in the 2018 midterm elections. The rise of populism and the decline of political correctness, he said, present a rare opportunity. Robert Taylor, 29, described the conference as a “victory party. ” Mr. Taylor was a committed libertarian, he said, working for Ron Paul’s presidential campaigns and even moving to New Hampshire for a project organized by the  . If Hillary Clinton had won the election, he said, he would have advocated secession. “I thought I had all the right answers and had read all the right books,” he said. “I heard about the   movement, and it just lit a fire in me. ” Mr. Taylor said that with Mr. Trump, “we have breathing room we have a little time. ” Mr. Trump has shrugged off any suggestions that he has connections to the  . But his   views on immigration and his “America First” foreign policy have captivated members of the movement. His appointment as chief strategist of Stephen K. Bannon, who has called Breitbart News, the website he long ran, a platform for the   has reinforced the notion that the incoming president is on their side. The white nationalist embrace of Mr. Trump was on display Saturday at the gathering, which was the annual conference of a group called the National Policy Institute. Guests nibbled on chicken piccata while discussing ways to reorient America’s demographics. Many of the attendees, who were mostly white men, wore red “Make America Great Again” hats.   emblazoned with Mr. Trump’s face sold quickly. While the enthusiasm inside the conference was evident, the resistance to the   remains powerful. A recent surge in hate crimes and reports of verbal and physical assaults on minorities are putting new pressure on groups that promote racism. Many sites will not host their events, and some of their members have had their social media accounts suspended in response to vicious trolling of Jewish journalists and critics of Mr. Trump. A large group of protesters marched around the Ronald Reagan Building, which, as a federal property, could not decline to host the conference. “These people have their right to freedom of speech, but the values they represent don’t represent America,” said Jon Pattee, 48. “I characterize them as the    arm of the white   movement. ” Republicans who are more mainstream are also unlikely to accept the movement’s more provocative ideas. “They have to grow up and start shedding some of their more controversial elements,” said Erick Erickson, a conservative blogger and commentator who has been critical of Mr. Trump. “I don’t think they will ever be accepted wholeheartedly in the Republican Party. ” Nonetheless,   leaders said they planned to use their newfound influence to pressure Mr. Trump to take more “heretical” policy positions, such as a moratorium on net immigration for the next 50 years. White Europeans, Mr. Spencer said, would be given preference. “In the long run, people like Bannon and Trump will be open to the clarity of our ideas,” said Jared Taylor, the founder of the white nationalist publication American Renaissance. Like Mr. Trump, Mr. Spencer, who has become the face of the   derided NATO as “clumsy and ineffective. ” He called for friendlier relations with the Russian president, Vladimir V. Putin, and for the deportation of undocumented immigrants, drawing chants of “build that wall. ” “I think moving forward the   as an intellectual vanguard can complete Trump,” Mr. Spencer said. “We can be the ones who are out front, who are thinking about things that he hasn’t grasped yet. ” Although   leaders say they want to become more politically active, it remains unclear how they will react to being more closely aligned to the establishment or what they will do if Mr. Trump starts to moderate his views. His outreach to   during the final months of the campaign angered some of his white nationalist followers, raising concerns among them that Mr. Trump might not be so different after all. “It’s a fleeting moment of optimism,” said Al Stankard, 29, of Baltimore, who goes by the pseudonym Haarlen Venison online and was handing out his novel, “Death to the World. ” Mr. Stankard said he thought it was unlikely that Mr. Trump would be able to do things like end affirmative action, even though he believes that the   sympathizes with the plight of “white racists. ” He predicted that Mr. Trump might disappoint white nationalists in the same way that President Obama disappointed some of his supporters by failing to bring postracial unity to the nation. “These are   fantasies,” Mr. Stankard said.",0
3857,"In Chicago, Teachers and Black Lives Matter Activists Partner to Build a Bigger Movement","Tweet Widget by Leah Fried 
When the Chicago Teachers Union goes on strike, it doesn’t walk alone; Movement 4 Black Lives organizations have their back. And, when young Black activists campaign against police terror, the teachers union is with them. When it comes to the school-to-prison pipeline, the teachers and Black Youth Project 100 are on the same side. In Chicago, Teachers and Black Lives Matter Activists Partner to Build a Bigger Movement by Leah Fried 
This article previously appeared in Labor Notes . 
“Teachers joined protests led by Black Lives Matter and Black Youth Project 100, to disrupt the lucrative Christmas shopping season.” 
Extracting wins from the boss has never been easy—and union membership hovering at a low 11 percent isn’t making it any easier. But a good way to boost our numbers and power is to partner with people who are organized in other ways, building a broader movement as we build our unions. 
For several years the Chicago Teachers Union has put incredible effort into building unity—not only among its members, but also with parents and neighborhood groups. The results were on display in October as hundreds of volunteers worked daily in the lead-up to a possible strike. 
Parents spoke at press conferences, painted banners, handed out leaflets, distributed T-shirts and yard signs, and talked to other parents. My son’s elementary school was one of many where parents and kids joined teachers in an early-morning picket. 
One vehicle was the Chicago Teachers Solidarity Campaign, an alliance of dozens of unions and 60 community organizations—including the Chicago chapters of Black Lives Matter and Black Youth Project 100. 
Natural Allies 
Alliances take work, but they can be built on natural connections. “Many of us have either worked or been students in the Chicago Public Schools, or have partners who work for CPS,” said Aislinn Pulley, a leader in the Black Lives Matter chapter. 
That meant members already understood why public schools are worth fighting for. “A man named Ronald Johnson, who was killed by the police two years ago, had five children who are CPS students,” said Kofi Ademola, another chapter leader. “They are in the care of their grandmother, who lives in poverty, and that family is directly impacted by the attacks on public education in our city. 
“The layoff of 1,000 teachers and plan to hire 1,000 more cops was a clear example of the divestment in our communities. They go hand in hand.” 
The understanding goes both ways. The teachers union has made racial segregation and school underfunding central issues in its contract campaigns. 
District administrators pay lip service to restorative justice, a disciplinary approach that looks for solutions instead of shunting kids into a school-to-prison pipeline. But it’s the union that has pushed for the funding required to make these programs work. 
CTU and a student group got a grant in 2013 to pilot restorative justice in four schools. In the new tentative agreement, the teachers have won funding to add restorative justice coordinators in 20 to 55 schools. 
In the run-up to the possible strike, the Black Lives Matter chapter spearheaded organizing a Freedom School to offer parents a safe place to send their kids while teachers were out on the picket lines. Chicago State University agreed to donate its space. Planned activities would include a youth town hall. 
The Same Values 
In August the Movement for Black Lives, an umbrella organization that includes Black Lives Matter and other groups, released a policy platform, workshopped with activists from its hundreds of member groups around the country. 
The platform declares the movement’s support for workers' right to organize unions. It calls for jobs programs, expanding labor laws to protect domestic workers, farm workers, and tipped workers, no Trans-Pacific Partnership, the renegotiation of anti-worker trade agreements, and the rewriting of tax codes so the wealthy pay their share. Unions have much in common with these values. 
Last November, after allegations emerged that the city had covered up video of a police officer killing African American teenager Laquan McDonald, CTU voted to support an elected police-accountability council in Chicago. Teachers joined the protests that followed, led by Black Lives Matter and Black Youth Project 100, to disrupt the lucrative Christmas shopping season. Marchers shut down the Magnificent Mile on Black Friday, chanting, “No justice, no profit. 
That’s the kind of partnership Ademola would like to see more of: “How do we amplify each other’s message and work together to target the oligarchs that fill the politicians’ war chest?”",0
3858,White House Sources: Reports of Gorka Leaving White House Are ‘Incorrect’ - Breitbart,"Multiple White House sources confirmed to Breitbart News on Sunday evening that reports earlier on Sunday that Sebastian Gorka, a deputy assistant to President Donald Trump, is somehow leaving the White House are incorrect. [“Incorrect,” one source told Breitbart News when asked about reports from the Washington Examiner and CNN that Gorka was leaving the White House.  A second White House source with direct knowledge of these matters confirmed to Breitbart News that the reports are wrong. The Washington Examiner’s Sarah Westwood reported on Sunday that Gorka, an   News national security editor, was leaving the White House for another federal agency. “Sebastian Gorka, deputy assistant to President Trump, will soon accept a position outside the White House, two sources told the Washington Examiner on Sunday,” Westwood wrote: Gorka’s new role will deal with the “war of ideas” involved in countering radical Islamic extremism, a senior administration official said, and will entail an appointment to a federal agency. Gorka has served for months on the Strategic Initiatives Group, an internal organization within the White House, and as a national security adviser. His exit from the White House comes amid increased speculation that a reported lack of a security clearance prevented him from fully performing in his job. But a source told the Washington Examiner that Gorka’s role in SIG was always meant to be temporary, and suggested he had been placed there while administration officials created a   position for him elsewhere in the government. An official said Gorka has been in a “holding pattern” while he waited for the position, which will not be at the State Department, to be established. A spokesman for the National Security Council said he did not “personally know” the details about Gorka’s move. A White House source said Gorka’s role has always been unclear and said Gorka never had national security issues in his portfolio. “This guy has always been a big mystery to me,” the source said of Gorka’s contributions to the staff. It turns out that these sources had inaccurate information. So did “administration officials” who talked anonymously to CNN, which published a similar report. “Sebastian Gorka, a controversial national security aide in the White House, is expected to leave his job, several administration officials confirm to CNN,” CNN’s Jim Acosta and Eric Bradner wrote on Sunday. “One senior administration official said Gorka is expected to find an opportunity outside the White House soon. Another said it’s possible he would take another job in the administration, but added it’s more likely he will leave altogether. That official said Gorka was simply generating too much controversy for the White House. ” Gorka has been under constant assault from the left, including many media attacks that falsely claimed he has   ties. But a BuzzFeed report from Mitch Prothero in Hungary found that Gorka actually has no   or Nazi ties, despite scores of inaccurate reports and claims from   organizations that he did.",0
3859,Huffington Post Hires Senior New York Times Editor - The New York Times,"The Huffington Post, installing new leadership after the recent departure of its   Arianna Huffington, reached into the senior ranks of The New York Times on Tuesday and hired Lydia Polgreen as its top editor. Ms. Polgreen, who joined The Times in 2002, has been serving as an associate masthead editor overseeing The Times’s ambitious global expansion project. “To me this felt like an unmissable opportunity to take a massive journalistic platform that was at an inflection point and think about what the possibilities are of what it could be,” Ms. Polgreen said in an interview. She added: “This is not about leaving The Times. This is about seeing a really big opportunity that I frankly didn’t go looking for but came to me, and wanting to grasp it. ” Ms. Polgreen, 41, said she was drawn to The Huffington Post’s “explicitly progressive mandate and identity,” particularly given this moment in the country’s history. She began talking to The Huffington Post before the election, she said, but the election results were “certainly a factor” in her decision. As The Huffington Post’s top editor, Ms. Polgreen said her main challenge was to “get The Huffington Post back in touch with its fundamental roots in reporting. ” She also said she wanted to guide the publication in the language it would use to cover the Trump administration. Ms. Huffington, who founded The Huffington Post in 2005, stepped down as editor in chief in August to focus on her new venture, a health and wellness   called Thrive Global. No successor was named at the time, and the publication has been operating under an interim editorial committee acting in Ms. Huffington’s place. In an interview, Jared Grusd, chief executive of The Huffington Post, said that nearly half of his site’s monthly audience comes from outside the United States, and he pointed to Ms. Polgreen’s experience as a foreign correspondent, and her supervision of digital projects within The Times, as well suited to the Huffington Post’s mission moving forward. “We were looking for someone who has tremendous integrity, with deep roots in the process of journalism and the way in which journalism needs to function,” he said. “She’s somebody who can carry our voice, and translate our narratives, across fundamental shifts in the media landscape and the political landscape. ” The Huffington Post was purchased by AOL in 2011 for $315 million. AOL sold itself to Verizon for $4. 4 billion in 2015. Ms. Polgreen previously worked as a foreign correspondent in South Africa, India and West Africa for The Times, and has also served as a deputy international editor. Her departure comes as The Times is shifting to its next generation of leadership. In September, it elevated Joseph Kahn to the position of managing editor, positioning him as a leading candidate to succeed Dean Baquet, the executive editor. Ms. Polgreen was widely considered to be on a path to further advancement at The Times as it moved to a future built around digital and international initiatives. “Lydia Polgreen is a highly creative journalist,” Mr. Baquet said. “She will do great things, and I have to admit to a certain pride that The Huffington Post saw the value of hiring one of The Times’s great young stars. ”",0
3860,"Putin’s speech at Valdai 2016: ‘America is a great nation, not some banana republic. Correct me if I’m wrong’ [VIDEO]","Click Here To Learn More About Alexandra's Personalized Essences Psychic Protection Click Here for More Information on Psychic Protection! Implant Removal Series Click here to listen to the IRP and SA/DNA Process Read The Testimonials Click Here To Read What Others Are Experiencing! Copyright © 2012 by Galactic Connection. All Rights Reserved. 
Excerpts may be used, provided that full and clear credit is given to Alexandra Meadors and www.galacticconnection.com with appropriate and specific direction to the original content. Unauthorized use and/or duplication of any material on this website without express and written permission from its author and owner is strictly prohibited. Thank you. 
Privacy Policy 
By subscribing to GalacticConnection.com you acknowledge that your name and e-mail address will be added to our database. As with all other personal information, only working affiliates of GalacticConnection.com have access to this data. We do not give GalacticConnection.com addresses to outside companies, nor will we ever rent or sell your email address. Any e-mail you send to GalacticConnection.com is completely confidential. Therefore, we will not add your name to our e-mail list without your permission. Continue reading... Galactic Connection 2016 | Design & Development by AA at Superluminal Systems Sign Up forOur Newsletter 
Join our newsletter to receive exclusive updates, interviews, discounts, and more. Join Us!",0
3861,Power Grid Vulnerability/ Dreams & Music,"  Power Grid Vulnerability/ Dreams & Music Power Grid Vulnerability/ Dreams & Music   Benjamin Dancer , Craig Webb 
In the first half, teacher and writer Benjamin Dancer , the Director of Public Relations for the Colorado EMP Task Force (Peter Pry's organization), discussed the vulnerability of the US power grid. He explores the threat in his new novel in which a villain tries to sabotage the grid with a sophisticated cyberattack. Mass casualties would likely occur if the power grid goes down for an extended period, with increased sanitation issues, he noted. Dancer also pointed out that the approximately 100 nuclear facilities in America are dependent on electricity to run safely. While they do have emergency generators that run on diesel, once that fuel is depleted, we could be looking at multiple Fukushima situations, he cautioned. 
Meteorologist Sandy McDonald briefly joined the conversation to talk about his paper published in the journal Nature Climate Change. He proposes developing a widespread wind and solar program across the continental US with the energy transmitted over an underground high voltage direct current line, that would be protected from solar storm damage. His proposal brings both the right and left political spectrums together, by connecting the issue of sustainability with the existential threat posed by our power grid's vulnerability, Dancer commented. Besides hardening the grid, another option would be for the US to choose a more sustainable population size that would not be so dependent on electricity for its food sources, Dancer added.",0
3862,How Can Communities Prepare for Mass Shootings? Orlando Offers Lessons - The New York Times,"ORLANDO, Fla.  —   As doctors treated the horrific injuries of victims shot in the Pulse nightclub massacre here, a mistaken report of a gunman nearby forced officials to briefly lock down the emergency room the medical staff shoved heavy   machines against the doors, creating a makeshift barricade in a treatment bay. Emergency room physicians ran low on tubes needed to reinflate the lungs of patients shot in the chest. The doctors scrambled to make sense of gunshot wounds because paramedics had rushed victims in with no time to assess their conditions. The hospital’s emergency preparedness manager, asleep at home, received an urgent email but did not respond until awakened by text. But of the 44 patients brought to Orlando Regional Medical Center with   gunshot wounds in the early hours of June 12, 35 survived. The Pulse nightclub massacre has put Orlando on a growing roster of places  —   Columbine, Virginia Tech, Aurora, Newtown, Paris, San Bernardino  —   forced to confront attacks with injuries comparable to those in war zones. More will become clear over time, but Orlando’s response is already beginning to provide lessons on the challenges, large and small, of dealing with mass shootings, as well as what went right and what went wrong, what can be anticipated and what cannot. And it is raising hard questions about how to act when medical priorities and law enforcement ones can seem to be at odds. Across the nation, and the world, the realization that mass killings are the new normal has been gradually sinking in. On Friday, the National Academy of Medicine in Washington published a discussion paper  —   titled “Health and Medical Response to Active Shooter and Bombing Events”  —   that details best practices to help communities become better prepared. It warns that many are ill equipped for a “surge in major trauma cases. ” Orlando, a major tourist destination, had worked hard to prepare. In March, Orlando Regional Medical Center, the only major trauma center in Central Florida, staged a realistic,   “active shooter scenario” simulating a school massacre that had left 500 wounded. Fifty agencies, including the F. B. I. participated in the   exercise. High school students in ghastly makeup flooded 15 hospitals. The Pulse shooting  —   which killed 49 and wounded 53  —   turned the March drill into a     reality for scores of doctors, nurses, hospital administrators, paramedics and pathologists. Wrenching questions remain: Could more lives have been saved if the police had stormed the nightclub earlier? Did terrified victims bleed to death waiting for help to arrive? The Orlando experience validated what experts in emergency medicine had long known: The faster victims can reach the hospital, the more likely they are to survive. Of the 49 victims, just nine died in the trauma center  —   and they died minutes after arriving, hospital officials said, which suggests they had been mortally wounded. The Pulse survivors owe their lives in part to a grim coincidence: The trauma center is just a few blocks from the nightclub. Given that, Orlando may not be a perfect model for what could happen elsewhere. “Because of the proximity, we felt that more lives had been saved than if it were anywhere else,” said Eric Alberts, the hospital’s emergency preparedness manager. Mr. Alberts, 39, who previously ran emergency operations at Disney World, said the active shooter drill in March, which he organized, had proved “very similar” to the Pulse massacre. Even so, said Dr. William S. Havron, a trauma surgeon who spent the night operating on victims, “I don’t think anybody can ever be fully prepared for something like this. ” Dr. Chris Hunter, an emergency room physician and the director of the health services department for Orange County, Fla. which includes Orlando, was on an overnight shift at a hospital 20 miles away when he received a text that thrust him into supervising the response. He made a fast decision: Orlando Regional Medical Center was going to Status Black. That designation meant the trauma center’s emergency room would be closed to all but the shooting victims and others with serious injuries. People with sprains, sore throats or earaches would be sent elsewhere. “We never do that,” Dr. Hunter said. Outside Pulse, about 80 paramedics were furiously trying to cope with the carnage. Working with two cellphones and a   radio because he could not leave his nighttime post, Dr. Hunter tried to track the paramedics to let the emergency room know when the next patients would arrive.   ambulances were making round trips. Paramedics usually radio ahead to the emergency room with each patient’s condition so doctors can prepare. But at Pulse, there was not always time for that. And the police and bystanders were also driving victims to the hospital. “It was great for the patients, but hard on the staff,” said Dr. Gary A. Parrish, the director of the emergency department. Dr. Havron, the trauma surgeon, had just drifted off to sleep after feeding his    son when he received the call. When he arrived at the emergency room, he could not enter it was locked down with the mistaken report of a gunman. He called a colleague, who told him to go upstairs to the operating room. Dr. Havron performed six operations that night. Experts know that good communication is critical in managing a crisis. But as more patients arrived, many unconscious and without identification, Mr. Alberts, the emergency preparedness manager, missed his first alert about the Pulse shooting, an email at 2:21 a. m. he was at home asleep. “That was one of the glitches we found that didn’t really work too well,” he said. It was not until 3:42 a. m. that he was awakened by a text from his boss. On Mr. Alberts’s orders, the hospital activated an emergency plan, moving patients around to make room for victims in the intensive care unit. Supervising the response from a command center, he confronted other challenges, not life or death, but still vexing. A   donor sent 50 pizzas Mr. Alberts had them thrown out, fearing a terrorist’s poison. Foreign consuls showed up, demanding a list of patients’ names that could not legally be released he politely referred the consuls to the State Department. Digital fingerprinting failed to identify an unconscious patient an   inkpad worked. Casualties came to the hospital that night in two waves, the first around 2 a. m. shortly after the shooting started. The second wave, victims who had been trapped in the club with the gunman, arrived around 5 a. m. after the police had blasted through a wall in the club and killed him. Dr. Havron and five other trauma surgeons at the hospital performed 28 operations that night. Of the 44 patients brought to the trauma center, eight died in the emergency room within minutes of their arrival, another died on the way to the operating room and 35 were admitted. As of Sunday, four remained in critical condition. “Everybody that made it to the operating room is still alive,” Dr. Havron said. But Dr. Jay Falk, the academic chairman of emergency medicine at the trauma center, warned that if there had been twice as many casualties, they might have overwhelmed the system. This is a problem the hospital will have to address, he said, adding, “We have to rethink that. ” Across town, at Florida Hospital Orlando, victims with less serious injuries began arriving around 3 a. m. Eventually there would be 12 of them. Most had been shot in the arms or the legs one had been trampled. The patients were awake and stable, and F. B. I. agents were eager to question them. Lorinda Stahley, the nurse manager for the emergency department, approached the victims gingerly. But, she said, “They were all ready and willing to be interviewed. ” Four needed surgery. Dr. Brian Vickaryous, an orthopedist and former Army surgeon who operated on combat injuries in Iraq, performed the operations. Each bullet he pulled out went to the F. B. I. Angel Santiago, 32, of Philadelphia, was one of his patients. Mr. Santiago had been trapped in a bathroom in the club, lying in a pool of blood. He had been shot in the legs he could see a bullet hole in the chest of his friend, who was sweating profusely. The two grew weaker as they waited, desperately, for the police to arrive. “By the time I got to the hospital, they said my blood pressure was very low,” Mr. Santiago said. “I was dizzy, cold they gave me two units of blood to try to stabilize me. ” He later learned that his friend, sent to another hospital  —   presumably Orlando Regional Medical Center  —   was in critical condition. He survived. Of the 50 who died, including the gunman, 39 died inside the club. Two more were found on the street outside. Those numbers, along with accounts like Mr. Santiago’s, raise agonizing questions about whether more lives could have been saved if the standoff had ended sooner, and whether some victims had bled slowly to death. Dr. Vickaryous, like many medical professionals here, did not want to   law enforcement. “We have a saying in medicine: ‘The    is  . ’” he said. The dead were brought to the Orange County morgue, which upgraded its capacity in 2010 to store as many as 150 bodies, with a plane crash or a tornado in mind. Dr. Joshua D. Stephany, the county medical examiner, supervised the autopsies and performed some himself. “I don’t think anyone had prolonged suffering,” he said in an interview. Autopsy reports could help explain how victims died, by describing the wounds. But no details have been released because the investigation is in progress. Analysis of bullets like the ones Dr. Vickaryous removed from victims may eventually answer another difficult question: whether some people were caught in the crossfire and shot by the police, said Dr. Jan Garavaglia, Dr. Stephany’s predecessor. The response to the massacre is already generating debate in academia. Dr. Irwin Redlener, the director of the National Center for Disaster Preparedness at Columbia University, said there was little doubt that more of the injured would have survived if they had been rescued sooner. But he also urged against judging the police, because the gunman had boasted that he had bombs and accomplices. Both claims were lies, but no one could be sure at first. As to whether victims had died quickly or suffered, it depends on where the bullets hit, Dr. Redlener said. Here in Orlando, officials are just beginning to evaluate their response, even as they continue to care for patients, plan funerals and tend to their own emotional trauma. Mr. Alberts, the emergency preparedness manager, has had two debriefings with his medical team. At the Orlando Fire Department, Chief Roderick S. Williams, who supervised many of the paramedics first on the scene, is planning to “tell others our lessons learned. ” Fire chiefs from New York Aurora, Colo. and Boston  —   cities that have also confronted traumas  —   have already reached out to share their information. “As the next city to experience a horrific event like this,” Chief Williams said, “we have to pay it forward. ”",0
3863,20th Century Fox Used Fake News to Publicize ‘A Cure for Wellness’ - The New York Times,"Making the most of the fractured political and media landscape, 20th Century Fox created a group of fake news sites as part of a viral marketing campaign for its new film “A Cure for Wellness. ” The sites displayed ads for the movie and slipped references to its plot alongside   stories about divisive topics like abortion, vaccines and President Trump. Fox used at least five fake news sites designed to look like local news media  —   The Sacramento Dispatch, Salt Lake City Guardian, Houston Leader, NY Morning Post and Indianapolis Gazette  —   to stir online outrage and drum up interest in the movie, which was produced by New Regency Productions and is to come out this week. It used other fake sites to promote the film as well, including one designed to resemble HealthCare. Gov and another for a fake bottled water company. Regency Enterprises and 20th Century Fox acknowledged their role in the fake news operation in a statement on Tuesday. “A Cure for Wellness is a movie about a ‘fake’ cure that makes people sicker,” the statement said. “As part of this campaign, a ‘fake’ wellness site, healthandwellness. co, was created and we partnered with a fake news creator to publish fake news. ” A Fox spokeswoman, Daria Vogel, declined to answer   questions on Tuesday, including whether the companies were using any other fake news sites to promote their film or whether they had used similar methods to promote movies in the past. The company is owned by Fox Entertainment Group, which also owns Fox News Channel and Fox Business Network. “A Cure for Wellness” was directed by Gore Verbinski and stars Dane DeHaan and Jason Isaacs, who in the past have both made jokes online about the phenomenon of fake news. The film opens on Friday and has received mostly negative reviews. One critic, Joe Dziemianowicz of The Daily News, described its plot as “preposterous gothic nonsense. ” The five sites known to be part of the fake news campaign were taken down after the story was  reported by BuzzFeed News on Tuesday. Users who entered their URLs were redirected to the film’s official website, but archived versions of some of their articles remained available online. The stories they published hit the viral sweet spot that has made fake news such an online force, even though most of them were not related to the movie. Some were shared thousands of times on social media by users who appeared to believe that they were factual news stories, and others were reposted by partisan websites like Red State Watcher. A partial list of headlines published by the movie studio’s campaign: • “Utah Senator Introduces Bill to Jail, Publicly Shame Women Who Receive Abortions” • “BOMBSHELL: Trump and Putin Spotted at Swiss Resort Prior to Election” • “LEAKED: Lady Gaga Halftime Performance to Feature Muslim Tribute” • “Trump Refuses to Provide California Federal Support in Midst of Natural Disaster, Cites Sanctuary Cities” • “California Legislature to Consider Tax Rebates for Women Who Get Abortions” Lynn Walsh, the president of the Society of Professional Journalists, said in an email that corporations had a responsibility to engage in “the ethical and responsible sharing of information no matter the intent or purpose. ” “In this country, we have the right to speak and publish information freely, and that’s a good thing,” Ms. Walsh said. “But if someone or a company is publishing incorrect information and trying to make it pass as actual news, we think that content should be properly labeled and very explicit that it is not true and does not contain actual facts. ” Those are guidelines that 20th Century Fox and New Regency Productions did not follow. “This absolutely crosses the line,” added Bonnie Patten, the executive director of the consumer watchdog TruthinAdvertising. org. “Using a fake news site to lure consumers into buying movie tickets is basically a form of deceptive marketing. ” One story published as part of their campaign claimed that Mr. Trump had issued a   ban on the vaccine for the measles, mumps and rubella. The report was published on The Houston Leader and debunked by the   website Snopes, which called the site “one of a series of fake news sites that masquerade as real news sites by emulating the appearance of   newspapers. ” Another story falsely reported that the American Medical Association had recognized a form of   anxiety or depression, “Trump Depression Disorder,” that it claimed affected one third of the country. It urged readers “to tweet #cureforwellness to raise awareness of the growing epidemic. ” Some of the film’s fake marketing websites remained active on Tuesday night, including the health and wellness website and the website for the fake bottled water company, which claimed to source its product from a Swiss village (that does not exist). The website designed to resemble HealthCare. gov (it is called HealthCureGov. com) also remained active. Ms. Vogel, the Fox spokeswoman, declined to explain why those websites had not been disabled. A phone call to the purported office of healthandwellness. co went unanswered, and emails to six people listed as its “managing editors” bounced back as undeliverable.",0
3864,"Shimon Peres, Former Prime Minister of Israel, Suffers a Stroke - The New York Times","JERUSALEM  —   Shimon Peres, the Israeli former prime minister and president who shared a Nobel Peace Prize for his efforts to resolve the   conflict with the Palestinians, remained hospitalized on Wednesday after suffering what his doctor called a “massive stroke. ” Mr. Peres, 93, was sedated and put on a respirator on Tuesday when he was brought to the Israeli hospital, where he suffered the stroke after complaining of a headache. After an   vigil in the hospital, with expressions of sympathy pouring in from around the world, his doctor said Wednesday morning that Mr. Peres was in critical but stable condition and was not in immediate danger of death, although his chances of recovery remained uncertain. “It’s very emotional, as you can imagine,” the doctor, Rafi Walden, who is also Mr. Peres’s    told reporters on a conference call. “We are very close to him, and obviously we are very moved and touched by his condition, but also very moved by the reaction of the public. ” Dr. Walden said that there was no “imminent threat to his life” and that “the chances of survival are pretty good. ” But he added, “the degree of his neurological recovery, nobody can say at this early stage of the disease. ” After discussions about surgery, that option has been ruled out for now. When doctors eased the sedation temporarily, Mr. Peres was responsive, squeezing Dr. Walden’s hand at his direction. Doctors put Mr. Peres back to sleep to give his brain a chance to recover, and they will transfer him to the neurosurgical intensive care unit at Chaim Sheba Medical Center at Tel HaShomer, but they will allow the sedation to wear off again briefly on Wednesday afternoon to test his reactions. “This is a difficult time for the family, obviously, but Mr. Peres is not only a great leader but a great teacher of optimism,” Dr. Walden said. “We are trying to adopt the optimism he taught us all those years. ” Mr. Peres, one of the last living founders of the modern state of Israel, served in most senior major government positions and played a central role through much of the country’s history as both warrior and peacemaker. He remains an influential figure in Israel and abroad, maintaining an active schedule through the Peres Center for Peace, a nonprofit organization that promotes reconciliation, tolerance and innovation. Word of his latest health problems prompted expressions of concern in Israel. “I wish former president Shimon Peres a speedy recovery,” Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu wrote on Twitter. “Shimon, we love you and the entire people wish for you recovery. ” The prime minister’s office said in a separate statement that Mr. Netanyahu had spoken with the hospital director to check on Mr. Peres’s condition. Mr. Peres was among the leaders who helped found Israel in 1948 and steered it through a rocky beginning in a hostile region. He served in the   military organization known as Haganah and worked for David   the first prime minister of Israel. He was an important player in developing Israel’s military, including its nuclear program, and he served in multiple governments as defense minister and foreign minister. He served as prime minister twice, from 1984 to 1986, and after the assassination of Yitzhak Rabin in 1995. He shared the Nobel Peace Prize with Mr. Rabin and Yasir Arafat, the leader of the Palestine Liberation Organization, for the Oslo accords that were first signed in 1993. Mr. Peres became ill on the 23rd anniversary of the ceremony hosted by President Bill Clinton on the South Lawn of the White House. Mr. Peres later served as president of Israel, a more ceremonial post, from 2007 to 2014. Mr. Peres suffered a small heart attack this year and had a pacemaker implanted a week ago to deal with an irregular heart beat. He was working as usual on Tuesday, filming a video urging Israelis to buy Israeli products. “Not only because it is more patriotic, but because it is simply better,” he said on Facebook. “Can you imagine a meal without an Israeli salad? Can you set your table without Israeli fruit on it?” Dr. Walden said Mr. Peres had given an hourlong speech on Tuesday but had complained afterward of “a vague headache” and was brought to the hospital. After arriving, he suffered what the doctor called “a massive stroke” on the right side of his brain.",0
3865,U.S. Congressman Introduces Bill to Defund NPR and Corp. for Public Broadcasting - Breitbart,"Representative Doug Lamborn, R, CO, has introduced a pair of bills to eliminate the federal tax dollars that fund the budgets of National Public Radio (NPR) and the Corporation for Public Broadcasting (CPB). [Upon the filing of H. R. 726 and H. R. 727, Lamborn said congressional Republicans need to prove they take fiscal responsibility seriously.  “American taxpayers do not want their   dollars funding superfluous government programs just because that is the way things have always been done,” Lamborn wrote on his congressional webpage. The Coloradan introduced the bills to “permanently defund the Corporation for Public Broadcasting and National Public Radio. CPB received $445 million during Fiscal Year 2016, and this money could be put to better use rebuilding our military and enhancing our national security. ” Lamborn insisted that with a $20 trillion national debt, cuts must be made since these broadcasting services have been able to pick up funding from private sources in the past, cutting the tax dollars flowing into their coffers now is a good start at reducing government spending. Rep. Lamborn, though, took pains to say that this proposal isn’t about the content aired by either of these broadcasting services. “This is not about content, as CBP certainly airs some quality programs,” he wrote, “the point is that it is perfectly capable of standing on its own two feet and not on the financial shoulders of the American taxpayers. ” Lamborn noted that the savings to the taxpayer could reach upwards to $500 million annually. NPR features a webpage that breaks down its expenditures, but a recent assessment found that NPR receives about about 40 percent of its $166 million budget from the federal government, or about $66 million from taxpayers annually. Follow Warner Todd Huston on Twitter @warnerthuston or email the author at igcolonel@hotmail. com. ”",0
3866,Senate Judiciary Committee Approves Gorsuch in Party-Line Vote - The New York Times,"■ The Senate Judiciary Committee, in a      vote, sent the nomination of Judge Neil M. Gorsuch for the Supreme Court to the full Senate for consideration. ■ Democrats now seem to have the votes to filibuster Judge Gorsuch’s nomination. ■ But Republicans will most likely vote to change Senate practices later in the week so that Judge Gorsuch could be approved with a simple majority vote. ■ The tenor of the Judiciary Committee strongly suggests that the full Senate debate on Judge Gorsuch will be even more contentious. With an announcement from Senator Chris Coons, Democrat of Delaware, during the Judiciary Committee’s hearing to vote on Judge Gorsuch’s nomination, Democrats found their 41st vote in support of a filibuster, sending the body hurtling toward a bitter partisan confrontation this week. Read more » As senators began revealing their votes on Monday, partisan acrimony predominated. Senator Charles E. Grassley, Republican of Iowa and the committee’s chairman, accused Democrats of searching in vain for credible reasons to vote against Judge Gorsuch. “This nominee that we’re voting on today is a judge’s judge,” he said. “He’s a picture of the kind of justice we should have on the Supreme Court. ” Mr. Grassley suggested that some attacks in recent weeks from Democrats, which have included criticisms of the spending push from outside groups supporting Judge Gorsuch, defied the country’s values. “This is America,” he said, “where people can spend their money where they want to spend it. ” Taking her turn next, Senator Dianne Feinstein of California, the committee’s top Democrat, criticized Judge Gorsuch’s record on workers’ rights and his reluctance to answer questions. She did thank Mr. Grassley for overseeing the hearings fairly. Ms. Feinstein also reminded the public about the treatment last year of Judge Merrick B. Garland, President Barack Obama’s nominee for the seat left by Justice Antonin Scalia, who died in February 2016. Republicans refused to even consider Judge Garland during a presidential election year. “In my view, this is not a routine nomination,” she said at the top of her remarks. In his own comments, Mr. Grassley expressed no regrets. “I believe then and I believe now that we took the right course for the Senate and for the court,” he said. From the hearing’s opening moments, lawmakers took turns lamenting the state of the Senate, holding forth on the present divisions but appearing resigned to the institutional upheaval that awaits this week. Few sounded as aggrieved as Senator Patrick J. Leahy, Democrat of Vermont and the body’s   member. He first suggested that Republicans’ treatment of Judge Garland last year had convinced Judge Gorsuch that “this committee is nothing more than a partisan rubber stamp,” allowing the nominee to evade straightforward questions during his hearings. He said that Senator Mitch McConnell of Kentucky, the Republican majority leader, had “promised to use whatever tactic is necessary to get his way, to make sure that Donald Trump’s nominee is confirmed, even if that means forever damaging the United States Senate. ” “Now, I respect this institution as much as anyone. I never expected to be here long enough to become the dean of the Senate,” Mr. Leahy said. “I’ve devoted myself to the good the Senate can accomplish. But I cannot vote solely to protect an institution when the rights of   Americans are at risk. Because I fear that the Senate I would be defending no longer exists. ” As the committee continued debating Judge Gorsuch’s nomination, Republicans received a modest lift outside the hearing room: Senator Michael Bennet of Colorado said he would not join fellow Democrats in filibustering the nomination. He urged Republicans against the   nuclear option, changing the rules to allow Judge Gorsuch to be approved on a simple majority vote instead of the 60 votes now required. “Neither Republicans nor Democrats are blameless for where things stand in our politics and on this nomination,” Mr. Bennet said in a statement, which did not reveal his voting intentions on Judge Gorsuch’s nomination itself. “But at some point, we need to take the long view and stand up for our institutions. ” What happens next will most likely be up to Republicans. And their intentions seem clear. “What I can tell you is that Neil Gorsuch will be confirmed this week,” Mr. McConnell told Chuck Todd on NBC’s “Meet the Press. ” Practically, this will almost certainly require Republicans to change Senate practice and elevate Judge Gorsuch on a simple majority vote. The strain has already compelled leaders from both parties to adopt the    tone of hostage negotiators  —   and the   senatorial tic of leavening criticism by calling opponents “friends. ” “Our Republican friends are acting like, you know, they’re a cat on the top of a tree and they have to jump off, with all the damage that entails,” Senator Chuck Schumer of New York, the Democratic leader, told “Meet the Press,” urging Mr. Trump to submit a new judge. “Come back off the tree, sit down and work with us. ” Mr. McConnell chose to forgo analogies. Judge Gorsuch will get his new robes, he suggested, and “how that happens really depends on our Democratic friends. ”",0
3867,No Prison Time for White Football Player Accused of Raping Mentally Disabled Black Teen With Coat Hanger - Breitbart,"A white football player from Idaho will not face jail time, after being accused of raping a mentally disabled black student with a coat hanger. [John R. K. Howard, 19, will instead serve out the punishment initially handed down by the courts in October of 2015, when he received a   probation and 300 hours of community service.  The courts decided against prison time, after a judge accepted a plea deal which allowed Howard to plead guilty and still maintain innocence. That plea, also known as the Alford plea, technically allows the client to continue maintaining innocence while acknowledging that the evidence against them is serious enough that the jury could find them guilty. The victim’s family have not spoken publicly, but according to the Independent, are “furious” at the court’s decision. The victim relayed the harrowing details of the rape during the trial of one of the other accused rapists, Tanner Ward. “After practice I was in the locker room, and one of my friends, he told me to come here, and I went over to him and gave him a hug,” the victim said during testimony obtained by the Guardian. “He told me to give him a hug. He had his hands out like he was going to give me a hug. And I gave him a hug, and he signaled for one of my other friends to come over. ” At that point, the rape commenced. The victim described his feelings during the rape, saying, “Pain that I have never felt took over my body. I screamed, but afterwards, I kept it to myself. ” The assailant, Howard, faced the charge of forcible sexual penetration by a foreign object, a charge which was later reduced. According to the Independent, “  …    following negotiations between the defence counsel and the State Attorney General’s office  —   in which the state prosecutor, Deputy Attorney General Casey Hemmer, claimed the attack was not racially motivated and did not constitute a sex crime  —   the felony rape charge was dropped and replaced by a lesser charge of felony injury to a child. ” The victim, aged 17 at the time of the attack, qualified as a minor. The judge also referred to the attack as “bullying. ” As for the racial component of all this, the Independent reports, “Legal documents filed by the family in a separate case suing the school and district officials claim before the attack, the victim was “taunted and called racist names by other members of the team which names included ‘ ’ ‘chicken eater’ ‘watermelon’ and [the  ]“. The family’s lawsuit against the school states that coaches on the football team encouraged players to toughen the victim up, presumably through fighting or hazing, and that coaches confronted the victim before the trial, convincing him to repudiate his own statement. During that episode, another coach recorded the conversation. According to the victim, “I just started telling a bunch of just lies because I wanted my friends back. ” The victim has attempted to commit suicide multiple times since the incident occurred in late 2015. Meanwhile, should John Howard violate his probation, he will face a possible prison sentence of up to ten years. However, according to the Independent, even this could get thrown out since Judge Stoker entered “a withheld judgement at the final hearing. ” Follow Dylan Gwinn on Twitter: @themightygwinn",0
3868,"Media Blackout: Hundreds Of Black Teens Attack Temple Students, Police And A Horse (Video)","  Media Blackout: Hundreds Of Black Teens Attack Temple Students, Police And A Horse (Video) Media Blackout: Hundreds Of Black Teens Attack Temple Students, Police And A Horse (Video) October 27, 2016, 6:24 pm by Guest Author Leave a Comment 1 
By: Renee Nal | New Zeal Still photograph of Temple university attack 
In a story that predictably did not make the mainstream media, and with video surveillance very difficult to find, a massive mob of black teens viciously attacked white Temple University students, police officers and even a police horse in Philadelphia on Friday night. 
And their apologists are in full force. 
In the limited local coverage this story did receive, the race aspect was generally avoided. It is way past time to take back the media, and fill it with truth-tellers, not apologists. 
“More than 150 teens, spread out in groups of 20 or 30, descended upon the campus at around 8:30 p.m. Friday — wreaking havoc for nearly two hours before eventually dispersing,” according to NBC 10 . Temple News reported that “multiple students were hurt and businesses had to close Friday evening due to a ‘flash mob’ of nearly 200 minors that flocked North Broad Street near Main Campus, police said.” 
But there is a reason for all of this horror, according to Solomon Jones of Philly.com . It evidently boils down to the socialist Gulag-wide Bulletins from Sovereignty Unbound We respect your privacy, time, and inbox. Track us Down @GulagBound Like the Gulag There are many important matters that Gulag Bound itself is not treating on a daily basis. For that reason we suggest The Globe & Malevolence and the sites shown under ""Key Links in our Chains,"" below. Your Daily Intelligence Brief MattSkosh on Secret Service Agents Pay a Visit to Anti-Obama Artist Sabo Tags activism Agenda 21 anti-American revolution authoritarianism Barack Hussein Obama II candidate eligibility collectivists & propaganda communisty organizations corruption crisis strategy Democrat finance & banking fraud George Soros globalism - NWO global Marxist-fascist movement government domination of resources history illegal immigration Islam Islamism jihad jihadism Israel kleptocracy labor unions Marxism Marxofascism Marxstream media Military Mitt Romney Obamacare health control Occupy Wall Street race-baiting/racism Republican Right of Private Property Russia Sovereignty Tea Party terrorism U.S. Congress U.S. Constitution U.S. Presidency (POTUS) United Nations (UN) video violence voting youth & education Sabotage What good will it do, to protect the United States of America, or our presumed interests against the aggressiveness of China, Russia, or Islam, if, partially in fear of these threats, we lose our free and independent nation to the stealth imperialism of transnational and global governance? As America threatens to shatter, we must see how a semi-covert, global, cartel collective and their NWO in the USA (""progressive"" neo-Marxists and neo-fascists corporatists, updated with 21st Century techniques and technology) intentionally perpetrate this sabotage, while we patriots try to prevent it. Have a look around our camp, as we struggle to survive. - your tour guide Archives Militarization in America About DHS militarization, see the new, breakthrough analysis from James Simpson, "" Police Militarization, Abuses of Power, and the Road to Impeachment "" and our earlier, ""Marxist President’s Military Exercises in These U.S. Cities; Yours One?"" 
About the trajectory of this, we must pray, communicate, keep calm, and do not become the first to engage. If it comes to it, do not even respond in kind, until after the after the first times that extreme, anti-American violence is done by them. It calls for an attitude of self sacrifice -- first cheek, second cheek, then no more. 
And speak out about the potential and strategic ""sense"" of the Obama/NWO's DHS carrying out false flag missions of violence, blaming it on American patriots, perhaps upon our militia movements. 
We are in a real war, right now (of which others and I have been trying to alert fellow Sovereign Citizens for years) and the prime war is for the minds, hearts, and wills of the American People. We are opposed by an anti-American insurrection using any means of power (see Gramsci, Frankfurt School) including government power, as they are granted that opportunity.",0
3869,Wall Street Dealmaker Says Professor Took Him for a Ride - The New York Times,"READING, Vt.  —   On Wall Street, Andrew J. Hall is known, even feted, as an aggressive trader with nerves of steel, capable of earning a $100 million bonus in a single year. His particular skill: spotting opportunities in   oil markets. When he turned to constructing a personal art collection, he did so with similar ambition and shrewdness, amassing an impressive trove of 5, 000 works by hundreds of artists he loved, including Leon Golub, an American postwar painter of expressionistic,   figures. But when Mr. Hall set out last year to stage an exhibition of Golub’s art at the private rural museum he operates in this small village, he found out to his surprise that more than a third of the Golubs he had bought were forgeries, according to a lawsuit he filed last month. And the people he says hoodwinked him were two unlikely adversaries: a    art history professor at a small college just two hours down the road and her    son. Now, the professor and her son seem to have disappeared, and Mr. Hall is looking for the $676, 250 he spent on the paintings, according to court records and the professor’s former colleagues. Mr. Hall started collecting Golub’s work in 2003 and within six years he had amassed 40 pieces, wagering that Golub’s work was undervalued and due to appreciate. In 2011 he discovered that the professor, Lorettann Gascard of Franklin Pierce University in New Hampshire, shared his passion for Golub’s art. She and her son, Nikolas, seemed to have a collection of Golubs to rival his own, he learned, and they wanted to sell. Mr. Hall had, it turned out, already bought eight of their Golubs through auction houses in New York beginning in 2009. And after making direct contact with the Gascards in 2011 he bought another 16 from them, cutting out the middleman. But now he says all 24 of the Golubs he bought from the Gascards are fake. The Gascards hatched “a prolonged and fraudulent scheme” to deceive Mr. Hall, “passing off as works of art by Golub works actually by someone else,” his attorney, Ted Poretz, said in a federal lawsuit filed in New Hampshire, where the Gascards lived. Mr. Hall is seeking damages including a refund of the $676, 250 he paid for them. Before the exhibition Mr. Hall was planning to put on last year, his museum contacted Ms. Gascard with questions. She said that she had gotten to know Golub while attending his classes at Fairleigh Dickinson University in Teaneck, N. J. in the late 1970s, and they became close friends until his death in 2004, according to court papers. Around the same time, a representative of a foundation established to promote work by Golub and his wife, the artist Nancy Spero, examined the paintings and found problems. The representative, Samm Kunce, an artist and former studio assistant to Golub, found no record of the Gascard Golubs in the foundation’s database, according to the court papers. She also noticed “a number of unusual formal characteristics during   examinations of the paintings,” the papers say. Elisabeth McCarthy, a lawyer for the   foundation, said that, while it had been contacted by Mr. Hall, and often provides access to records and other information about Golub works, it “did not opine on the authenticity of the artwork in the Hall collection. ” Court papers also say that the Golub children could not remember Ms. Gascard as a family friend. “Our parents, and Leon in particular, were quite gregarious and their friends frequently came to our residence for dinner, so it’s surprising that we have never heard of Gascard,” Stephen Golub said in an email to the Hall Art Foundation last year, according to the court filing. Ms. Gascard has yet to file a response to the lawsuit, and her whereabouts and those of her son have become something of a mystery. At Franklin Pierce, which she left after an unrelated dispute with the administration a year and a half ago, colleagues said they did not know where she had gone. “We are not in a position to make any comment about Lorettann,” Linda Quimby, a college spokeswoman, said. At the Gascards’ former home, a white   house in Rindge, N. H. a young woman who answered the door said she believed Ms. Gascard had moved more than a year ago. Ms. Gascard told people that she grew up in New York and earned her doctorate at the Free University in Berlin. At Franklin Pierce, she taught undergraduate art history and drawing, and supervised the college art gallery. In 2004, she did research in Germany with support from the Fulbright program. Four years later, she contributed a chapter about the “conflicting female ideals” under the Nazis to a book about art and eugenics. Generally liked by her students, she often walked around campus wearing white gloves and dark glasses, faculty colleagues said in interviews. Ms. Gascard was an artist herself, practicing a technique called rust art, and her work sold at auction in one instance for $45, 000. She told colleagues at the college that she had been friendly with Golub and his wife, but they do not remember her mentioning that she owned any of his paintings. But between 2009 and 2011 the Gascards consigned at least eight works they attributed to Golub to auction in New York, including six at Christie’s and one at Sotheby’s, where Mr. Hall purchased them, he said in the suit. The auction houses relied on the story the Gascards told them about the paintings’ provenance, according to the filing. Representatives of the auction houses said that they were investigating the questions that have been raised about the works’ authenticity. Sotheby’s said it had sold two other paintings purported to be by Golub from the same consignor and was contacting the buyers. Ms. Gascard told the Hall Art Foundation that Golub, whose work explored dire political conditions such as in his “Mercenaries IV” (1980) gave her and her husband some works. They bought others from him. Still others had come to her after the death of her husband’s sister, she said. But last year, when questions arose about the works, Mr. Hall challenged Ms. Gascard on how she had acquired them, according to the court papers. Ms. Gascard, the papers say, supplied two letters, one from Golub thanking her for sending him an article, and another from Spero, thanking Ms. Gascard for a gift of earphones. Neither letter mentioned the paintings. The Hall Art Foundation canceled the exhibition at its museum, which occupies a converted dairy farm on the main road here opposite the local public school. The   Mr. Hall, 65, and his wife, Christine, exhibit a portion of their collection here and at several other locations, including a medieval castle they own in Germany. Mr. Hall earned his fortune making large bets in the commodities markets. It was in 2009, at the helm of Phibro, part of Citigroup, that he was scheduled to receive a $100 million bonus. That became a flash point for national anger over executive pay at a time when Citigroup had accepted bailout money from the federal government after the financial crisis. The couple, who have homes here, in Florida, New York and Connecticut, draw mixed reviews from residents of Reading, a town of fewer than 700 people. They began buying land here in the 1980s and are now the town’s largest private landowners, owning 2, 500 acres. Their Reading home, Newhall Farm, manicured and pristine, sits on a hill, and sells ice cider, honey and maple syrup online. Mr. Hall has given money and land to the nearby school, helps the local food bank, funded   efforts after Hurricane Irene and has provided jobs, some residents say. “He is our own Medici, our patron he does well for a town where not everyone is doing well,” said Barbara Thaeder, who runs Bailey’s Mills Bed and Breakfast. But others view him as a rich outsider who takes land and homes that families could use in a    village struggling to house its young people and fill its school. They say Mr. Hall has torn down too many houses on property he bought, and that the jobs he had created, largely menial, were not particularly valuable. “The town is shrinking,” said Zonia Watroba from behind the counter at her general store. Ms. Watroba did not seem terribly upset that Mr. Hall, the canny oil trader, might have been duped in pursuit of his second passion as an art collector. “If he is going to start dressmaking,” she said, “he should know how to make dresses. ”",0
3870,Harnessing the U.S. Taxpayer to Fight Cancer and Make Profits - The New York Times,"Enthusiasm for cancer immunotherapy is soaring, and so is Arie Belldegrun’s fortune. Dr. Belldegrun, a physician,   Kite Pharma, a company that could be the first to market next year with a highly anticipated new immunotherapy treatment. But even without a product, Dr. Belldegrun has struck gold. His stock in Kite is worth about $170 million. Investors have profited along with him, as the company’s share price has soared to about $50 from an initial price of $17 in 2014. The results reflect widespread excitement over immunotherapy, which harnesses the body’s immune system to attack cancer and has rescued some patients from   death. But they also speak volumes about the value of Kite’s main scientific partner: the United States government. Kite’s treatment, a form of immunotherapy called   was initially developed by a team of researchers at the National Cancer Institute, led by a longtime friend and mentor of Dr. Belldegrun. Now Kite pays several million a year to the government to support continuing research dedicated to the company’s efforts. The relationship puts American taxpayers squarely in the middle of one of the hottest new drug markets. It also raises a question: Are taxpayers getting a good deal? Defenders say that the partnership will likely bring a lifesaving treatment to patients, something the government cannot really do by itself, and that that is what matters most. Critics say that taxpayers will end up paying twice for the same drug  —   once to support its development and a second time to buy it  —   while the company reaps the financial benefit. “If this was not a   cancer treatment  —   if it was for a new solar technology, for example  —   it would be scandalous to think that some private investors are reaping massive profits off a   invention,” said James Love, director of Knowledge Ecology International, an advocacy group concerned with access to medicines. The debate goes squarely to one of the nation’s most vexing challenges: rising health care and drug prices. Kite is one of a growing number of drug and biotech companies relying on federal laboratories. Analysts expect the company to charge at least $200, 000 for the new treatment, which is intended as a   therapy for patients. While the law allows the government to demand   concessions from its   partners, the government has declined to do so with Kite and generally disdains the practice. Insisting on lower prices, federal researchers say, would drive away innovative partners that speed the   process and benefit patients. But with the government doing so much pivotal research, others say that the private sector cannot afford to walk away. “The market is so reliant on the knowledge and   that comes out of the government and academic labs,” said Dr. Aaron Kesselheim, director of the Program on Regulation, Therapeutics and Law at Brigham  Women’s Hospital in Boston. Price curbs, he said, “would not suddenly lead to a total abandonment of this pipeline. It couldn’t possibly. ” Drug makers would be especially unlikely to turn away from immunotherapy, where the promising science has set off a “gold rush mentality,” according to Mark Edwards of Bioscience Advisors, a company which tracks pharmaceutical licensing deals. The National Institutes of Health, the parent agency of the National Cancer Institute, currently has about 400 cooperative research agreements with companies, and licenses hundreds of patented inventions for   development. Kite executives and national health officials characterize their partnership as a model arrangement in a system established by Congress three decades ago. The system has given birth to the cancer drug Taxol, the AIDS drug Prezista, two cervical cancer vaccines and a widely used test for H. I. V. infection, among other innovations. Kite’s first drug, called   could help thousands of patients each year in the United States with certain blood cancers. If it succeeds, it could generate sales of $1 billion to $2 billion annually, according to Wall Street analysts, making it among the most lucrative drugs to come from government research. But the government’s share of any Kite success would be modest, much lower than some academic research groups have wrangled in immunotherapy deals worth hundreds of millions of dollars. Federal officials counter that the reward to the taxpayer is not money but the drug itself. “This is exactly the way things should work,” said Dr. Steven Rosenberg, who has led the surgery branch at the National Cancer Institute for 42 years and led development of Kite’s drug. Such partnerships, he said, are “absolutely essential or many discoveries will not see the light of day. ” Moreover, government officials say, companies in such deals must take significant financial risks and expenditures on their own, without any guarantee that the drug will be approved. Kite says it has spent more than $200 million on research and development, including running larger clinical trials than those conducted by the cancer institute, and recently spent about $30 million to build a factory that will be able to make treatments for up to 5, 000 patients a year. Setting the price of the drug, Dr. Rosenberg said, “is for the marketplace. ” Like many business deals, this one began with a personal relationship  —   in this case between Dr. Rosenberg and Dr. Belldegrun. After finishing medical school in his native Israel, performing surgery in helicopters for the Israeli armed forces, and completing residency at Brigham  Women’s Hospital, Dr. Belldegrun became a research fellow for Dr. Rosenberg at the N. C. I. It was 1985, and Dr. Belldegrun was put to work on a new project of Dr. Rosenberg’s  —   extracting   immune cells from cancer patients, multiplying them in the laboratory, and putting them back in. “He was one of the more outstanding fellows to come through,” said Dr. Rosenberg, 76, who is widely considered a cancer research luminary. When the fellowship ended in 1988, Dr. Belldegrun became a prominent surgeon at the University of California, Los Angeles, but the two men stayed in touch. Eventually, Dr. Belldegrun, 67, got the entrepreneurial bug. He   a biotech company, Agensys, which was acquired by a bigger company for more than $500 million. He was also involved with Cougar Biotechnology, which developed the prostate cancer drug Zytiga and was acquired by Johnson  Johnson for $1 billion in May 2009. A month later, Dr. Belldegrun formed Kite with a group of colleagues and investors to pursue cancer immunotherapy. That same month, a Florida marine contractor named Eric Karlson, whose  ’s lymphoma was advancing despite four prior treatments, became the first patient treated by Dr. Rosenberg with what would eventually become  . The treatment entailed removing some of Mr. Karlson’s immune system T cells from his blood, genetically engineering them to recognize and fight his cancer, multiplying the T cells to huge numbers in the laboratory and transferring them back into his body. After two such treatments, Mr. Karlson remains alive and   eight years later. Kite initially thought it would pursue an approach to immunotherapy known as cancer vaccines, but in 2010, Dr. Belldegrun visited Dr. Rosenberg and was shown the   of Mr. Karlson and of a second patient. Dr. Belldegrun was bowled over. “I had no doubt that this is going to be a drug and, more than that, it will become a platform for multiple products,” he recalled. “We never looked back. ” Over the next two years, the National Cancer Institute worked out a deal with Kite that was signed in 2012. It was the first of eight contracts between the government and the company that generally take two forms. In one type of contract, Kite licenses patented inventions and agrees to pay the government royalties, roughly 5 percent of sales of any commercial product arising from a particular patent. However, there is no such license specifically for   because the underlying treatment was not patented by the N. C. I. so royalties will be minimal. Officials say the agency did not apply for a patent because the treatment was similar to what others had been developing. Also, at the time the treatment was first created, in 2007, immunotherapy was considered to have dim commercial prospects. “Back then, we didn’t even think about commercial aspects,” said Dr. James N. Kochenderfer, a scientist at the agency who designed the treatment when working in Dr. Rosenberg’s group. Under the second type of contract, known as a cooperative research and development agreement, Kite provides money to the N. C. I. to support research. Kite is now paying $3 million a year to Dr. Rosenberg’s lab and has provided $7. 5 million to it in total since 2012. Based on its regulatory filings, Kite is paying $7. 8 million a year for research agreements and licenses in total, with at least $4 million of that going to the cancer institute and the rest to academic or corporate partners. The taxpayer has invested, too. Dr. Rosenberg estimated that the government has spent roughly $10 million over the years on what has become  . He said Kite’s $3 million a year is about equal to the taxpayer funding in that area and has helped speed research. These days, researchers from Kite and the cancer institute, typically including Dr. Rosenberg and Dr. Belldegrun, confer by conference call every other Thursday for 90 minutes. Kite employees have spent long periods at the N. C. I. learning how to manufacture the therapy and how to treat patients in advance with chemotherapy. “We shouldn’t underestimate the value and the importance of N. I. H. not only to Kite but to the whole field of engineered   therapy,” Dr. Belldegrun said. When Kite signed its first deal with the cancer agency, he said, it “tapped into six years of monumental work that they had done. ” Some immunotherapy competitors marvel at the company’s coup in tapping into the agency’s expertise. “They got 20 years of research all together in one scoop,” said Dr. Carlos Paya, chief executive of Immune Design, which is pursuing a different approach. But government officials say few, if any, other companies were interested in the technology at the time Dr. Belldegrun came calling. Dr. Rosenberg said that before Kite, a few companies, including Johnson  Johnson, had looked at an earlier version of his technology but were wary because treatment involved processing each patient’s cells.   technology available to be licensed to companies is posted on the website of the National Institutes of Health. And when the agency intends to grant a license to a particular company, it publishes that in the Federal Register, inviting public comment and possible competing offers. Both steps were taken in the case of Kite, officials said. Kite did not get everything the cancer institute has developed in the field. Some other companies, including Opus Bio and Bluebird Bio, got rights to some products, in part because the companies had special expertise that the agency’s researchers desired. But Kite seems to have gotten the balance of them and N. C. I. technology accounts for the majority of its pipeline of possible products, though the company is diversifying. Dr. Rosenberg professes no interest in the business side of the Kite relationship. He does not own stock in any company, even Kite, though he could get up to $150, 000 a year in patent royalties if some of Kite’s efforts pay off. Dr. Belldegrun, in contrast to his mentor, has commercial flair. He is known for his sharp business suits, lives in the   neighborhood of Los Angeles, and seems as comfortable on Wall Street or in high society as in the operating room. Kite’s relationship with the N. C. I. is an important part of its appeal to investors. In some presentations, Dr. Belldegrun has shown a photograph of himself with Dr. Rosenberg in their younger days. And he persuaded Dr. Rosenberg to speak at Kite’s first big meeting for investors in June 2015, the only time he has ever spoken to Wall Street. In emails obtained through a Freedom of Information Act request by Knowledge Ecology International, Dr. Belldegrun praised Dr. Rosenberg’s talk and sent him copies of investment reports from the conference written by Wall Street analysts. “Thank you for making the effort to come to NY,” Dr. Belldegrun wrote. “I heard only raving reviews about your presence and presentation. ” The reliance of private companies on   research goes well beyond obvious cases like Kite. In many instances, companies work with universities or medical centers that, in turn, have been funded from the $32 billion annual budget of the National Institutes of Health. Kite’s two main competitors, Novartis and Juno Therapeutics, for instance, derived similar immunotherapy treatments largely from academic institutions, developed at least in part with government funding. Novartis has a relationship with the University of Pennsylvania, and Juno with the Memorial Sloan Kettering Cancer Center, the Fred Hutchinson Cancer Research Center and Seattle Children’s Hospital. “For the most important drugs you’ll see some   involvement,” said Bhaven Sampat, an associate professor of health policy and management at Columbia University. He was one author of a study that found that 9 percent of all drugs approved between 1988 and 2005 were based directly on a patent held by the public sector. But 47. 8 percent of the drugs relied at least indirectly on some federally funded research. The figures were higher for more medically important drugs: 17. 4 percent had a direct   patent, while 64. 5 percent had at least an indirect   influence. These figures are up sharply from before the 1980s. Such partnerships and licensing deals were encouraged by the 1980   and   Acts, and the 1986 Federal Technology Transfer Act. The laws are credited with   the biotechnology industry. But from the beginning, some people questioned whether taxpayers were getting a bad deal. Perhaps the   drug developed from a cooperative research and development agreement  —   the cancer drug Taxol  —   was the subject of several congressional hearings in the early 1990s that investigated whether the drug’s maker,   Squibb, charged too much and whether the government recouped enough of its investment. In the end, the pricing was left unchanged. The N. I. H. argues that if it imposes pricing restrictions, it won’t get partners. In fact, in 1995, it struck from its negotiating tactics a goal that prices be “reasonable. ” “Companies will not take technologies from us if we say the government will decide in the future what the price will be,” said Mark Rohrbaugh, who ran the technology transfer office at the institutes from 2001 to 2013 and is now an adviser to the agency. After the “reasonable price” clause was struck, he said, there was a threefold increase in partnership deals. The N. I. H. can collect royalties from successful products to help offset the costs of the research, but so far these royalties have been small, amounting to an estimated $135 million in the last fiscal year from 870 licenses, with the bulk of the money coming from a small number of drugs. “We’re not preoccupied with financial value,” Dr. Rohrbaugh said. “Our mission is treatment of people and improving public health. ” In that regard, the government’s bet on a small company like Kite, which might have seemed risky, appears to be paying off so far. Dr. Belldegrun has largely delivered on promises to raise money, assemble an experienced staff, build the factory, conduct clinical trials and begin to apply for regulatory approval. Once considered the underdog to Novartis and Juno, Kite might be the first reach the market. Academic centers and companies often drive harder bargains in licensing technology. In some cases, academic centers own a stake in a company they license technology to, allowing them to reap a financial windfall if the company does well. Both the Hutchinson cancer center and Sloan Kettering have owned stock in Juno and are entitled to substantial payments  —   up to $350 million and $150 million  —   if Juno’s stock reaches certain levels. The N. I. H. does not take equity positions in companies to avoid an appearance of a conflict of interest. So to critics of the government deals, drug prices are crucial to understanding taxpayer value. After all, they ask, is a drug truly widely available  —   which is what the government says is its measure of success  —   if it costs too much for some people? Rachel Sachs, an associate law professor at Washington University in St. Louis and expert in innovation policy, said the government had every right to seek price concessions. She noted that the government, through Medicare and Medicaid, was effectively buying its inventions back from itself. “The public is paying for the research and to the extent that many people, if not most, will pay through public insurance, we’re paying again,” she said. Hillary Clinton, in her campaign for president, promised to set new rules for federal support of research so that Americans “get the value they deserve” for the money taxpayers spend in supporting research. It is not clear how   Donald J. Trump will approach these issues he has said he favors reducing health care costs, but Republicans, who control Congress, too, have opposed a government role in price setting. One mechanism to control pricing already exists. It is called   rights, and it lets the N. I. H. take back control of a patent on an invention made with federal funding if the drug is not being made available to the public on reasonable terms. The tool has gone unused. Earlier this year, Knowledge Ecology International and another advocacy group, the Union for Affordable Cancer Treatment, petitioned the agency to exercise   rights on Xtandi, a prostate cancer drug that was developed by federally funded researchers at U. C. L. A. It said the price in the United States of about $129, 000 a year, two to four times that in other developed countries, meant the drug was not reasonably available. The effort was supported by other public interest groups and some Democratic members of Congress. U. C. L. A. made more than $500 million by selling its royalty rights to the drug. But the N. I. H. declined to exercise its   rights on Xtandi, arguing that it was not qualified to judge whether a drug’s price is reasonable and that a high price does not mean a drug is not being made available to the public. “N. I. H. has made it clear that its job is not to decide prices of drugs, period,” Dr. Rohrbaugh said Kite says it has not decided what to charge for   but Dr. Belldegrun hinted that Kite’s therapy might be relatively expensive because ideally it would be a single treatment that would cure the patient, not a drug that would have to be taken continuously. He added that Kite would take steps to make sure that everyone who needed the drug could get it. Meantime, the relationship between Kite and the National Cancer Institute is expanding to develop treatments for other cancers, including one technique Dr. Rosenberg thinks could be used to attack solid tumors like colon, breast and lung cancer. “The potential for broad applicability is huge,” he said. That could mean many lives saved and maybe more   drugs for Kite and its investors, with the American taxpayer right in the middle of the deal.",0
3871,Egyptian President Sisi Thanks Trump for Alliance Against ‘Satanic Ideology’ of Terrorism - Breitbart,"WASHINGTON  —   Egyptian President Abdel Fattah   described terrorism as a “satanic ideology” during his meeting with Donald Trump in the Oval Office. [During the brief remarks in front of reporters,   referred to terrorism calling it “a satanic ideology” and “an evil one that terrorizes innocent civilians,” according to Nadia Bilbassy, the senior White House correspondent in Washington D. C. for Al Arabiya TV and MBC TV. The official White House translation of the remarks said that   referred to “an evil ideology. ”  “I’ve had a deep appreciation and admiration of your unique personality, especially as you are standing very strong in the   field,” he said, “to counter this satanic ideology that is claiming innocent lives, that is bringing devastation to communities and nations, and that is terrorizing innocent people. ” Sisi promised Trump, “you’ll find me supporting you very strongly and very earnestly in finding a solution to the problem of the century. ” Trump committed to fighting terrorism with   continuing the conversation he started with the Egyptian president during a visit in New York in September. “We will fight terrorism and other things and we’re going to be friends for a long, long period of time,” Trump said.",0
3872,Carter: US laying groundwork for Raqqah offensive,"Foreign Policy US Secretary of Defense Ashton Carter (Photo by AFP) 
US Defense Secretary Ashton Carter says the Pentagon is planning a ground offensive to oust the Daesh (ISIL) terrorist group from the Syrian city of Raqqah, the terror group’s stronghold in the country. 
Speaking to NBC News on Wednesday, Carter said Washington was ready to equip Syrian and Kurdish fighters to launch the assault in the near future. 
“It starts in the next few weeks, hat has long been our plan and we will be capable of resourcing both [groups],” the Pentagon chief noted. 
Carter, who was in Iraq earlier this week amid the ongoing battle to retake the city of Mosul from Daesh, said the Raqqah offensive would begin when Iraq’s second largest city is cleared. 
The Iraqi army, backed by volunteer forces, has been engaged in a large military offensive to cleanse Mosul of Daesh terrorists since last week. A coalition of US-led countries has been reportedly providing air support to the operation. 
“It's been long a part of our plan that the Mosul operation would kick off when it did. This was a plan that goes back many months now and that Raqqah would follow soon behind,” Carter added. Iraqi forces gather in the al-Shura area, south of Mosul, October 24, 2016. (Photo by AFP) 
Carter acknowledged that US forces won't be directly involved in any of the operations. 
More than 5,000 American soldiers are currently stationed in Iraq, tasked with providing training and intelligence to Iraqi forces, according to US military officials. 
The US-led coalition has also been carrying out airstrikes against purported Daesh positions in Syria since 2014. 
However, the ongoing Western efforts in Syria have a different nature. Washington and its allies have come under fire for openly seeking to remove President Bashar al-Assad from power. 
Amnesty International, a UK-based rights group, said Wednesday that the US-led airstrikes have killed hundreds of civilians across Syria. 
Carter’s remarks came only a day after British Defense Secretary Michael Fallon said UK special forces will soon resume training “moderate” militants in Syria to bolster the fight against Daesh. 
The new effort would be an extension of a failed $500 million program by the Pentagon that was supposed to “train and equip” up to 5,000 militants every year, but was discontinued in November last year, after failing to attract enough volunteers. 
Russia, which has been pounding Daesh across Syria upon a request from Damascus, says the Western-trained militants’ only use is to oust Assad. Loading ...",0
3873,Should Ivanka Trump the Woman Wear Ivanka Trump the Brand? - The New York Times,"A few hours after her father’s news conference on Wednesday at Trump Tower, Ivanka Trump posted a notice on her personal Facebook page officially announcing that she was taking a “formal leave of absence” from all management and operative responsibilities at her fashion brand and that she would be stepping down from her role at the Trump Organization. She would, she wrote, be spending the next few months concentrating on settling her children into their new lives in Washington and exploring how she could “determine the most impactful and appropriate ways for me to serve our country. ” This follows earlier decisions to separate her personal social media accounts from those of her brand. Yet in one meaningful area, Ms. Trump and her brand are harder to divide: That is, her wardrobe. After all, the same day she announced she was separating Ivanka Trump the person from Ivanka Trump the brand, The Daily Mail announced she had worn an Ivanka Trump coat to her father’s news conference. Then it offered a    box and link. In case, you know, anyone wanted to buy the garment. That turned out not to be true  —   according to a spokesman for Ms. Trump, the coat was by Joseph Altuzarra  —   but the confusion around woman and product made for some uncomfortable optics, and it raises the question: What does it mean to separate individual from company where fashion is concerned? On the one hand, there’s something ridiculous about suggesting that Ms. Trump not wear whatever clothes are in her closet, and as the founder of a fashion brand that bears her name, presumably part of her job has been to promote said brand by wearing it  —   to, in effect, demonstrate her belief in her own products. So she probably has a lot of such products within reach. And it’s not her fault if some media outlet chooses to point out that she looks good and tells people how they, too, can look good. On the other hand, her brand is clearly built on her image: Not just her name, but her face, and what she represents. It’s selling the promise that women who wear her clothes can get a piece of her gold dust  —   and now that this gold dust is visible in the corridors (and news conferences) of power, that is only going to be more true. Every time she is pictured in an Ivanka Trump outfit, it is bound to give a boost to the Ivanka Trump brand. Whether or not they are technically linked. It’s unclear whether Ms. Trump would benefit from that financially, as specifics about her monetary relationship with her brand were not included in her statement. But even if she is selling her part of the company, for a prominent member of the first family to be seen to be endorsing a brand with her own name on it is a complicated proposition. And an endorsement is exactly what an appearance in an item of clothing has become. This is a time, like it or not, of obsession with the wardrobe selections of anyone in the public eye, especially women in the public eye (their clothes are more interesting than men’s, after all). And though she has repeatedly said that she will not take a formal role in the new administration, Ms. Trump is emerging as the female face of her father’s inner circle. Simply consider the news conference, where she was the only woman from the immediate family in attendance. There’s a reason The Daily Mail did not get into the specifics of what her brothers wore. She is smart enough to know that any time she steps out of her door, someone is going to try to snap a picture and parse her clothes. You can argue that Ms. Trump is not an elected official, and thus to demand that she recuse herself from all products associated with her name is unfair punishment. You could say that if she wears, for example, an Alexander McQueen dress, as she did on election night, she is giving that brand a boost, so why shouldn’t she do the same for her own brand? You can point out that there is precedent because she wore her own line numerous times during the campaign, including to introduce her father at the Republican National Convention  —   but then, the latter choice was not without controversy. In part, the resulting brouhaha was, of course, because her brand then promoted that appearance with its own “get the look” link, as it famously did, without her knowledge, when she wore her   bracelet during her family’s appearance on “60 Minutes. ” Presumably that won’t happen any more. But brands need personalities to succeed, at whatever price point, and those personalities derive most easily from, well, a person. A scenario in which Ivanka Trump the brand removes Ms. Trump utterly from its identity is hard to imagine. Though to be fair, the brand’s website is adorned with images and line drawings of many different kinds of women and not with Ms. Trump, so it may be possible. Either way, this is another illustration of the multiple complicated issues that are going to arise with a member of the first family who also had designs on being a fashion brand. There’s really no playbook for this, as the Ivanka team  —   figuring it out as it goes along  —   is quick to remind. In which case, the clothes question should be the next piece of the puzzle to be solved.",0
3874,"Trump Threatens Europe’s Stability, a Top Leader Warns - The New York Times","BRUSSELS  —   The president of the European Council warned Tuesday that President Trump was a potential threat to the European Union, including the American leader’s bellicose pronouncements with major geopolitical challenges like Russian aggression, China’s assertiveness and international terrorism. In a letter sent to European leaders, Donald Tusk, the council president, wrote that those factors and “worrying declarations by the new American administration all make our future highly unpredictable. ” He appeared to question whether the United States would maintain its commitment to European security under Mr. Trump’s leadership. “For the first time in our history, in an increasingly multipolar external world, so many are becoming openly   or Eurosceptic at best,” Mr. Tusk wrote. The letter was released ahead of a European Union summit meeting in Malta on Friday Mr. Tusk is responsible for setting the agenda for the meetings. “Particularly the change in Washington puts the European Union in a difficult situation with the new administration seeming to put into question the last 70 years of American foreign policy,” he wrote. The European Union has been struggling to contend with fractious internal forces. Among them: the vote by Britain to leave the bloc, the organization’s failure to establish a unified response to the arrival of hundreds of thousands of asylum seekers and the debt crisis that has driven many Greeks into poverty. And then there are external pressures like Russia’s annexation of Crimea. Before the election and since taking office, Mr. Trump has lauded the vote by Britain, known as Brexit, and said the country would thrive outside the European Union. He met with Nigel Farage, a populist leader of the campaign to leave the bloc, before seeing Prime Minister Theresa May. And at one point he went so far as to suggest that Mrs. May appoint Mr. Farage as Britain’s ambassador to the United States. Mr. Trump has also praised President Vladimir V. Putin of Russia and indicated he would pursue friendlier relations with Moscow, even as Russia encourages chaos on the European Union’s eastern border. Mr. Tusk’s letter does not reflect a new policy for the European Union, and member states of the   bloc are not required to act on Mr. Tusk’s advice when they meet on Friday. But many European leaders have made their differences with Mr. Trump known. After the United States said it was temporarily blocking refugees from entering the country, Chancellor Angela Merkel of Germany felt compelled to point out to Mr. Trump the obligations of nations under the Geneva Conventions to protect refugees of war on humanitarian grounds. And President François Hollande of France said he had reminded Mr. Trump that “the ongoing fight to defend our democracy will be effective only if we sign up to respect to the founding principles and, in particular, the welcoming of refugees. ” Mrs. May, of Britain, sought in a meeting with Mr. Trump last week to confirm his commitment to NATO he was dismissive of the alliance, the bedrock of European security, during his campaign. Now, the sentiments expressed in Mr. Tusk’s letter are pushing European leaders’ exasperation with the American president further into the public view. Mr. Tusk has sounded the alarm about the existential crises facing the bloc before, but never with the urgency he displayed in the letter. And he has never before included a longstanding ally like the United States in the list of challenges. “An increasingly, let us call it, assertive China, especially on the seas,” he wrote, “Russia’s aggressive policy toward Ukraine and its neighbors, wars, terror and anarchy in the Middle East and in Africa, with radical Islam playing a major role, as well as worrying declarations by the new American administration all make our future highly unpredictable. ” Much of the frustration Mr. Tusk displayed in his letter stemmed from what Guntram B. Wolff, director of Bruegel, a research organization in Brussels, said was Mr. Trump’s “de facto supporting” of populist forces that could further upend the European order.   populist challengers in France, Germany and the Netherlands have adopted some of his   rhetoric in their own campaigns. Still, Mr. Wolff said it was unwise to enter into a war of words with the Trump administration. “We need to uphold our values here, but does it mean that we need now a declaration where we put the United States on the same level as ISIS?” he said. “No, I don’t think so. I don’t think it that would be helpful in any way. ” The   volley of opprobrium on Friday included an accusation by Peter Navarro, the director of Mr. Trump’s new National Trade Council, that Germany was manipulating its currency to gain a trade advantage. Mr. Navarro told The Financial Times that Germany was using a “grossly undervalued” euro to “exploit” the United States and its partners in Europe. That did not sit well with Ms. Merkel, who defended the European Central Bank’s independent role at a news conference on Friday: “Because of that we will not influence the behavior of the E. C. B. And as a result, I cannot and do not want to change the situation as it is. ” The value of the euro is near a   low compared with the dollar, allowing German carmakers and other manufacturers to sell their goods more cheaply in the United States. But German firms also employ around 670, 000 people in the United States, including many in a BMW factory in Spartanburg, S. C. the carmaker’s largest in the world, and a Mercedes factory in Tuscaloosa, Ala. These are the sort of manufacturing jobs that Mr. Trump says he wants to keep in the United States. Jan Techau, director of the Richard C. Holbrooke Forum in Berlin, a research center dedicated to diplomacy, said Mr. Tusk’s letter was less a warning to the American president than it was a message to Europeans not to be lured away from union, or to be tempted away from the bloc by favorable bilateral ties offered by the Trump administration. “He is encouraging everyone to fall into that trap,” Mr. Techau said of the American president. Mr. Tusk, by contrast, is making the case for Europeans to stick together for their own survival. “He wants to remind them that there is something bigger at stake than just what they are going to be talking about in Malta,” Mr. Techau said.",0
3875,"Break the Silence or Support Self-Determination? In Syria, the Answer Should be Obvious","Break the Silence or Support Self-Determination? In Syria, the Answer Should be Obvious Submitted by Danny Haiphong on Tue, 11/01/2016 - 19:14 Tweet Widget by Danny Haiphong 
Syria is “the target of one of the greatest misinformation campaigns in recent history.” The author regrets that left analyst Eric Draitser has contributed to the confusion. Draitser criticizes leftists who firmly support the Syrian government. Danny Haiphong counters that “the left must act with uncompromising dedication to the principle of self-determination in every case where US and Western imperialism wages wars of neo-colonial plunder.” Break the Silence or Support Self-Determination? In Syria, the Answer Should be Obvious by Danny Haiphong 
“To claim that the left in the US should fight for ‘peace’ and at the same time oppose the Syrian government is an intentional attempt to remain neutral in a time of war.” 
Imperialism's war on Syria may be the most important question on the order of the day for those fighting for a world free of exploitation and oppression. Syria is currently the battleground of imperialism's last gasp of life. In nearly six years, Syria has been turned into a site of intense struggle between the forces of resistance and imperialism's forces of reaction. It has also been the target of one of the greatest misinformation campaigns in recent history. The imperialist countries and their media lackeys have sewed deep confusion about the true character of the war being waged on Syria. Nowhere is this confusion greater than in the United States, and it appears someone I deeply respect has been overtaken by it. 
In a recent issue of CounterPunch, Eric Draitser dives head deep into the confusion . He criticizes what he deems as two critical problems with the left's stance. Draitser first criticizes the pro-imperialist left for their decision to align themselves with the foreign-sponsored terror groups in Syria, which have been labeled ""revolutionaries"" or ""rebels"" by the imperialist countries. He then goes on to criticize leftists who have positioned themselves firmly in support of the Syrian government. 
It is his criticism of the ""pro-Assad left"" that needs further examination. Draitser reveals his deep confusion when he asks: 
""Will you continue to delude yourselves by refusing to accept the plainly obvious truth that no state or group has the best interests of Syrians at heart?"" 
Draitser's question assumes that the Syrian and Russian governments are equally to blame for the chaos in Syria. Their bombs are assumed to be prolonging the war and committing atrocities against the Syrian people at the same rate of the imperialists. If this is not the case, he doesn't state otherwise in the piece. In fact, Draitser sets out to prove true what has already been proven false by a wide range of independent and corporate media sources. 
“The imperialist countries and their media lackeys have sewed deep confusion about the true character of the war being waged on Syria.” 
First, Draitser claims that the war on Syria began as a genuine protest against ""neo-liberal"" reforms instituted by the Syrian government. This narrative is popular among the liberal-left media as well as the white left generally. However, those who make this claim rarely specify what neo-liberal reforms were made or how the confrontation all of a sudden became violent. Stephen Gowans reviews numerous reports from the corporate media that describe the uprising in March of 2011 as immediately violent, ill-supported, and ultimately insignificant in the midst of reforms from the Syrian government that were broadly supported by the Syrian people. At the same time as the violent uprisings, thousands of Syrians were protesting in the streets in support of President Assad. 
Furthermore, reports from the city of Daraa during the 2011 uprisings confirmed the presence of armed ""rebels"" who had freshly arrived from their US-NATO backed destruction of Libya . These ""rebels"" have since infested the country through various channels of the Syrian border. Each group possesses a fundamentalist Wahhabi ideology and receives varying degrees of assistance from the Gulf monarchies, Israel, Turkey, NATO, and of course, the US. This is confirmed in Draitser's article. Yet he still reinforces the claim that a popular uprising started the war even though Assad possessed broad support in 2011 . 
The truth is that the war on Syria has little to do with neo-liberalism or popular discontent. It has been acknowledged by UN sources that despite reforms, the Syrian economy remains highly regulated and socialist in character . Syria's own form of socialism has brought many benefits to the Syrian people. Healthcare and education are rights guaranteed to all citizens . Syria also possesses a secular government where Muslims, Christians, and all religious and ethnic groups lived peacefully prior to the war. Syria is thus a poor example of neo-liberalism. What economic struggles that do exist in Syria have largely stemmed from the harsh sanctions imposed by the US in 2004. 
“The war on Syria has little to do with neo-liberalism or popular discontent.” 
Furthermore, Draitser cites numerous sources that support regime change to smear the Syrian government and, by extension, the Syrian people. One of the sources receives much of its information from the White Helmets. The White Helmets have long been exposed as an NGO that works directly in service of imperialism's regime change operation in Syria. The organization receives approximately 33 million in funds directly from the US and UK governments. Eva Bartlett recently visited Aleppo and witnessed many White Helmet workers sporting arms and fighting among the terror groups . 
Draister also cites a source from the New York Post . The Post article relies heavily on documents collected by the dubious Center for International Justice and Accountability. This purported ""international law"" NGO is run by a consortium of corporate lawyers, former or current Amnesty International staffers, and various other servants of empire. The organization specializes in ""transitional justice."" In other words, the Center for International Justice and Accountability (CIJA) provides a legal framework for regime change on behalf of its imperial funders. Draitser claims no group involved in the war has the interests of the Syrian people at heart yet cites directly from an organization dedicated to the promotion of war in Syria. 
The NGOs and their partners in the corporate media have worked together to distort the reality on the ground. Aleppo is case and point. A ceasefire was brokered by all parties in late October that was supposed to allow Syrians to escape safely from East to West Aleppo. However, the humanitarian corridors were repeatedly shelled by the Nusra Front , the US-backed Al Qaeda affiliate . The media decided to ignore this and report instead that the ceasefire’s failure was due to the withholding of aid by Russia and Syria . This is but one example of many where the Syrian government has been blamed for the rebel-sponsored terror inflicted on Syrian people. 
“His analysis uses an abstract, moral argument to violate Syria's self-determination.” 
After five years of war on Syria, it is a wonder how anyone could believe a word that comes from the mouths of the imperialist countries. They lied about the origins of the conflict. They have continuously blamed the Syrian government for events that have all been traced back to the armed proxies they support. This includes the Houla Massacre , the sarin gas attack in Ghouta, and the so-called starvation of Madaya . Aleppo is no different. The Syrian city has been under constant siege from NATO-backed terrorists. The terrorists are holding nearly 250,000 Syrians hostage in the Eastern side of war-torn Aleppo. This has been verified by journalists on the ground such as Vanessa Beeley . 
These facts seem not to matter in Draitser's newfound assessment of Syria. His analysis uses an abstract, moral argument to violate Syria's self-determination. Calling those who unequivocally support the Syrian government ""fetishists"" assumes that the US left should take a position different from that of the Syrian people. Actual Syrians supported Bashar Al-Assad, and thus the Syrian Army, with 88.7 percent of the vote in the 2014 elections. To claim that the left in the US should fight for ""peace"" and at the same time oppose the Syrian government is an intentional attempt to remain neutral in a time of war. As Howard Zinn brilliantly stated, one cannot be neutral on a moving train. 
And the imperialist war against Syria is moving dangerously toward a World War III scenario. Hillary Clinton will be elected the next President of the United States and has repeatedly expressed that she will pursue a no-fly zone once in office. A no-fly zone would place Russian and Syrian military assets at risk of US-sponsored bombs and thus the world at risk of a global military confrontation not seen since World War II. How convenient it is then that Draitser should rebuke his former anti-imperialist stance in place of a stealth form of regime change. The world is on fire, yet Draitser has interpreted the situation as a chance to distort an already highly misunderstood situation . 
“Draister's conclusions ultimately reinforce the Western assumption that the left must come to the rescue and save the Syrian people from their plight.” 
Positions such as Draitser’s are ultimately shaped by the material conditions of an imperialist empire in crisis and decline. White supremacy has been a principle condition of US imperialism since its inception. The war machine and white supremacy are deeply connected. The peoples and nations on imperialism's hit-list are routinely depicted in a manner that justifies the need for US and Western military medicine. This notion has trickled down to the day-to-day actions of ordinary people, including what currently passes as the ""anti-war"" movement in the US today. 
Draister's conclusions ultimately reinforce the Western assumption that the left must come to the rescue and save the Syrian people from their plight. Indeed, the Syrian people need allies and the left must be organizing toward an end to the war. But an end to the war cannot be achieved unless the left supports the will of the Syrian people. At the moment, this means the US left must align itself with the Syrian government and its allies. The left must act with uncompromising dedication to the principle of self-determination in every case where US and Western imperialism wages wars of neo-colonial plunder. Syria should be no exception. 
Of course, this critique should not be seen as a personal attack on Draitser himself. His body of work reflects a deep commitment to the struggle against war and Empire. He has often taken positions on international questions that are deeply unpopular with the US imperialist order. However, when mistakes are made, the left has a responsibility to correct them. There is too much at stake. Failure to step up in defense of Syria means another regime, change scenario similar to what happened in Yugoslavia, Iraq, and Libya. Draitser's piece is a study into the path that all genuine anti-imperialists should avoid. 
But what is the correct path forward? Imperialism is the unquestionable cause of the war in Syria, so imperialism must be the primary target of an anti-imperialist movement. The US and its allies are risking world war over Syria’s destruction. On the other side, the Syrian and Russian governments (along with Iran and China) are doing as much as they can to find a peaceful solution to the conflict that also respects Syria’s national sovereignty. It is without question that this is the side where the left ought to be in the continued struggle to end the war once and for all. Danny Haiphong is an Asian activist and political analyst in the Boston area. He can be reached at [email protected]",0
3876,Comment on Russian Official: Obama is a Communist KGB Agent by Dr. Eowyn,"Posted on April 15, 2013 by Christian Zionist | 15 Comments 
Whether this article is true or not, it is worth the read. I knew we were headed towards communism when the American electorate chose Clinton, not once, but twice. I knew because I’d gone to high school with Bill Clinton’s wife, Hillary Clinton, and I knew her politics. It frightened me, but I thought we could recover. With the election of Obama, not once, but twice, we are now truly a communist nation. There are barely any threads of the Republic left to grab onto and the nation still sleeps. If we don’t awaken the “sleeping giant” soon, the Gulags of Russia will become an American reality. KJLN 
A Russian government official bragged that Barack Obama was a KGB operative and that his presidency had been planned since birth, an American physicist and government contractor reports. Tom Fife, an American computer networking specialist and international businessman, reported the alarming facts about the Kremlin’s connection to Barack Obama. The boast from a Communist Party official reportedly occurred during a business trip to Russia,16 years before Barack Obama was ushered into the presidency of the United States. “It was like an elastic band snapping all the way from 1992,” Fife shakily admitted, upon recall of the exact moment he realized the Communist official had been telling the truth. 
“It was a very, very scary feeling.” 
Fife, a physicist and computer engineer, had been traveling to Russia for a joint venture with a state-owned company when the shocking revelation was revealed to him. After several business meetings, Fife and his partner were invited to the company owner’s home at the end of the journey for a farewell dinner. 
The owner’s wife was a Communist Party official and was “climbing two ladders”, as Fife puts it, one ladder being the KGB and the other being the traditional Russian society and business ladder. As the evening wore on, the female Communist official became increasingly agitated over a perceived slight and her emotions spilled over. 
“You Americans like to think you’re so perfect!” she snarled. “Well, what if I told you that very, very soon you’re going to have a black president… and he’s going to be a Communist!” 
The KGB operative was not finished. As she had now dropped this bombshell on the entire gathering, she felt compelled to continue. 
“His name is Barack,” she sneered. “His mother is white and his father is an African black. He has gone to the best schools, he is what you would call ‘Ivy League’.” 
Fife recalls being stunned and shocked at the words flowing from the Communist’s mouth as she continued to rattle off an incredibly precise set of details about this Communist operative who was to supposedly become president of the United States. 
The Communist official then stated that he was from Hawaii, but would very soon be elected to the Chicago state legislature. This has turned out to be an eerily prescient prediction, as Barack Obama was not elected State Senator until 1996, a full 4 years afterwards, as he took Alice Palmer’s seat. 
In 1992, Obama had recently graduated from Harvard Law School and accepted a position as a Fellow at the University of Chicago Law School. Perhaps the most shocking revelation is how deep the Soviet Communist network has embedded itself into American political and educational culture. A quick review of Obama’s political “career” shows a track that was inexplicably greased, from his tuition payments at Columbia and Harvard, to a position at UOC Law School, to his eventual electoral “victories” at the Illinois State Senate, United States Senate, and U.S. Presidency. 
Barack Obama’s parents ostensibly met in a Russian language class. This could have been where his mother was recruited by Barack Obama Sr, who could have already been working undercover for the KGB. In order to brainwash the child from an early age, they surrounded him with diehard Communists and fellow KGB agents, such as Frank Marshall Davis, a known Communist Party USA official. The Soviet KGB directly funded the CPUSA. This would fit directly into what the Russian Communist said about ‘Barack’, boasting “He has been raised to be an atheist and a communist.” 
“He will be a blessing for world communism,” Fife recalled her saying, after getting over the initial shock of hearing the current president was a KGB agent. The creepy prediction stayed with the physicist upon his return to the United States, although he paid it no mind until he began to hear of a swiftly rising political star named Barack Obama. When Fife learned that this same Barack was running in the2008 presidential election, everything snapped into place and he knew he had to tell someone. Today, Fife admits that it deeply disturbs him and that he has never been able to shake the ominous feeling of foreboding about what comes next, now that the KGB official’s prediction has come true. 
“It never leaves you, having someone tell you that they’ve engineered the takeover of your country,” he admits. “It’s really quite scary.” 
See also Dr. Eowyn’s May 24, 2010’s post on this, “ Obama, A Sleeper Agent For World Communism .” Rate this:",0
3877,NAACP President Arrested During Sit-In at Jeff Sessions Office,"At least a   NAACP members, including the organization’s national president Cornell William Brooks, were arrested Tuesday night during a   demonstration in protest of Republican senator Jeff Sessions,   Donald Trump’s Attorney General nominee. [“We are asking the senator to withdraw his name for consideration as attorney general or for the   Donald Trump, to withdraw the nomination,” Brooks said, CNN reports.  Brooks and the other protesters occupied Sessions’s Alabama office for more than six hours before police removed and arrested them. The @NAACP  @AlabamaNAACP are occupying the Mobile office of @jeffsessions —  untill he withdraws as a AG nominee or we’re arrested. @tvonetv pic. twitter.   —   Cornell Wm. Brooks (@CornellWBrooks) January 3, 2017,  “We were clear today: We want others to participate in acts of civil disobedience,” Brooks told ABC News. “This is a matter of ongoing opposition to someone with a clear,   rights record in Senator Session. ” The six protesters were taken to jail. A court date has been set for January 30. Civil disobedience is 1 way for citizens to honor the rule of law. We were arrested to support a @TheJusticeDept for everyone. #stopsessions pic. twitter.   —   Cornell Wm. Brooks (@CornellWBrooks) January 4, 2017,  Brooks said Senator Sessions’s “disregard for voter suppression” and his support of “the myth of voter fraud” are among the reasons the civil rights organization publicly opposes his nomination as attorney general. A Selma,   Army veteran, Sessions was the first senator to endorse Trump’s candidacy. The   tapped the former U. S. attorney to serve as attorney general in November. The NAACP   Tuesday coincided with the publication of an open letter signed by a group of 1, 226 law professors opposing Sessions’s nomination. “In 1986, the   Senate Judiciary Committee, in a bipartisan vote, rejected President Ronald Reagan’s nomination of  . S. Attorney Sessions for a federal judgeship, due to statements Sessions had made that reflected prejudice against African Americans,” the letter says. “Nothing in Senator Sessions’ public life since 1986 has convinced us that he is a different man than the    attorney who was deemed too racially insensitive to be a federal district court judge. ” Senator Sessions has vehemently denied the allegations, as Breitbart News investigative reporter Julia Hahn notes, citing his record of supporting civil rights initiatives in Alabama and his efforts to bankrupt and dismantle the the Ku Klux Klan in the state through civil litigation. Follow Jerome Hudson on Twitter: @JeromeEHudson",0
3878,Early Clinton Email Witness Was Never Interviewed by FBI: Project Veritas,"
Project Veritas Action has just released a new video relating to the investigations of Hillary Clintonâ€™s private email servers.
In December, 2010, US Department of State IT Systems Administrator Cindy Almodovar reported that she met with Huma Abedin for thirty minutes regarding emails at the then unknown, but now notorious, @clintoneail.com site. Hereâ€™s is the text from that email exchange:
From: Almodovar, Cindy T
Sent: Friday, December 17, 2010 11:17 AM
To: SES-IRM_Tech
Cc: SES-IRM_FO-Mgt
Subject: Meeting with Huma
I met with Huma for about 30 minutes to go over mail issues.
She gave me some examples listed below, but also, things are inconsistent. But issue #1 is of an e-mail which was sent to her twice this morning, did get received on but was not delivered. See details below.
I have a contact for the @clintonemail site, his name is Bryan Pagliano and he actually now works for State, but he apparently set all of this up.
Huma sent several tests from her clintonemail account to Lona and myself â€“ they were received. But there are many messages and responses not received.
o She sent a message this morning from her state.gov account to cheftwan@mail.house.gov.
Â§ Recipient responded, but she didnâ€™t get the response. I found that the response arrived and is on as â€œsubmitted to Categorizerâ€ at 6:47 this morning.
Â§ It was resent at 7:11 am by sender to huma, received and also â€œsubmitted to Categorizerâ€ on
o On 12/14, hdr22@clintonemail.com sent a message to huma@clintonemail.com and Valmoroli@state.gov at 10:03 pm. The subject line was blank. Huma received at Clinton address, but Lona did not receive on her state.gov account.
Cindy Trodden Almodovar
S/ES Supervisory Systems Administrator
S/ES-IRM POEMS Help Desk
U.S. Department of State
Phone: 202-647-8328 | Fax: 202-647-8191
As a result of subsequent investigations regarding Secretary Hillary Clintonâ€™s use of a private email server, the Office of Inspector General for the U.S. State Department reported the following:
From the unclassified May 2016 State Department report ESP-16-03:
Two staff in S/ES-IRM reported to OIG that, in late 2010, they each discussed their concerns about Secretary Clintonâ€™s use of a personal email account in separate meetings with the then-Director of S/ES-IRM. In one meeting, one staff member raised concerns that information sent and received on Secretary Clintonâ€™s account could contain Federal records that needed to be preserved in order to satisfy Federal recordkeeping requirements. According to the staff member, the Director stated that the Secretaryâ€™s personal system had been reviewed and approved by Department legal staff and that the matter was not to be discussed any further. As previously noted, OIG found no evidence that staff in the Office of the Legal Adviser reviewed or approved Secretary Clintonâ€™s personal system. According to the other S/ES-IRM staff member who raised concerns about the server, the Director stated that the mission of S/ES-IRM is to support the Secretary and instructed the staff never to speak of the Secretaryâ€™s personal email system again.
The director referred to in OIG report is John Bentel. In 2010, he was the State Department employee who managed IT security issues for the top echelon of the department. He told FBI investigators those conversations back in 2010 never occurred. In March of 2016, Bentel refused to answer questions from Senate investigators and asserted his Fifth Amendment right 87 times during a deposition for a civil lawsuit related to Hillary Clintonâ€™s use of a private email server.
While it seems clear Ms. Almodovar knew about the @clintonemail.com server in 2010, there is no indication that the FBI, Washington Post or New York Times have interviewed her. The Washington Post clearly knew of the aforementioned section in the OIG report, but neglected to follow through on questioning.
Since there was no indication that either the mainstream media or the Justice Department was questioning Almodovar, Project Veritas Action sent a journalist as her about the truth of the issue. Hereâ€™s a partial transcript from that interview:
PV Journalist: Iâ€™m working on a story. Iâ€™m interested. I want to know the truth and I want to know if youâ€™re one of the people who came, who went to John Bentel and said they were concerned about Hillaryâ€™s private server.
Almodovar: I donâ€™t know anything about that.
PV Journalist: You werenâ€™t involved in that at all?
Almodovar: Youâ€™ve got to stop this because this is like harassment.
PV Journalist: This will be the last time you see me. I just want to know the truth. Iâ€™m interested. I want to know if the FBI has talked to you.
Almodovar: No they havenâ€™t.
PV Journalist: They havenâ€™t at allâ€Ś
â€ŚPV Journalist: Iâ€™m sure reporters and people have been coming to your door.
Almodovar: No. No one has come to the door. Youâ€™re the first one.
â€œEven though her name stands out in the emails released by the FBI, no one from the FBI ever spoke to Aldomovar,â€ said Project Veritas Action founder James Oâ€™Keefe. â€œNo one interviewed her or made any attempt to get to the bottom of what information she might have about this case that is so important to national security. It made us wonder… who else the FBI neglected to talk with.â€

Source 
",0
3879,Rich Defendants’ Request to Judges: Lock Me Up in a Gilded Cage - The New York Times,"When Reza Zarrab, a gold trader based in Turkey, was arrested on a recent trip to the United States and sent to New York to face federal charges, his lawyer tried to keep him out of prison by tapping into Mr. Zarrab’s considerable wealth. His client would post a $50 million bond, secured by $10 million in cash. He would stay in a rental apartment in Manhattan and wear a GPS monitoring device. And one more thing: Mr. Zarrab would pay for   guards to ensure that he did not flee and to escort him to and from the courthouse. The request, which a judge is expected to take up on Thursday, is not as unusual as it may seem. The rich are different from everyone else, even those accused of crimes. But a handful of extremely wealthy defendants, particularly those from overseas, are testing courts by proposing to live in   gilded cages while they await their fate. Prosecutors vigorously objected to Mr. Zarrab’s being allowed to face trial under such conditions, telling a federal judge in Manhattan that the proposed plan would allow a rich defendant to build “a personal jail for himself” in a Manhattan apartment, “staffed by a firm on his payroll. ” “Zarrab’s proposed bail conditions,” the government said, “are an attempt to use his tremendous wealth to obscure the flight risk through a facade of security that is beyond the reach of all but a small subset of fabulously wealthy defendants. ” Mr. Zarrab’s lawyer, Benjamin Brafman, has sharply disputed the government’s position, saying that at the time of his arrest, Mr. Zarrab was arriving in Miami to visit Disney World with his wife and    daughter, is devoted to his family and charitable causes and is not a threat to flee. Whether Mr. Zarrab succeeds remains to be seen, but other defendants have already been granted release on such terms. Last October, Ng Lap Seng, a Chinese billionaire indicted on charges that he bribed the former president of the United Nations General Assembly, was granted bond of $50 million, secured by $20 million cash and a Midtown apartment where he would be confined and subjected to GPS monitoring and    guards at his own expense. Many thousands of people arrested in New York languish in the city’s jails because they are unable to make even modest bail. So advocates for prisoners and lawyers for indigent defendants say the idea that some defendants are able to stay out of jail because they have the means to finance a novel confinement plan is blatantly unfair. “It just reinforces for me the point that our entire system of pretrial detention is predominantly based on wealth,” said Inimai M. Chettiar, a lawyer at the Brennan Center for Justice who runs an initiative to end mass incarceration. Joshua Norkin, a lawyer at the Legal Aid Society of New York, said the elaborate bail package that was being proposed for Mr. Zarrab and that was granted to Mr. Ng should remind judges in the state court system that they have the tools to release   people “on alternative and more creative forms of bail, and they’re failing to do it. ” The cases of wealthy defendants’ receiving special bail conditions are not limited to international defendants. In 2009, Marc S. Dreier, a Manhattan lawyer who pleaded guilty to running an elaborate scheme that defrauded hedge funds and other investors of $700 million, was granted a $10 million bond pending trial and remained in his East Side apartment, secured by electronic monitoring and armed security guards, which his family paid for. Mr. Dreier, prosecutors said, used his criminal proceeds to support a lavish lifestyle, including ownership of the apartment, property in the Hamptons, a valuable art collection and an $18 million yacht. In a written opinion, the judge in the case, Jed S. Rakoff, acknowledged concerns that such an arrangement for Mr. Dreier gave people of means “an opportunity for release that poorer people could never obtain. ” Many kinds of bail conditions favored the rich, Judge Rakoff said, and, conversely, there were many defendants who were too poor to afford even the most modest of bail bonds or financial conditions of release. “This is a serious flaw in our system,” he wrote. Still, he added, “it is not a reason to deny a constitutional right to someone who, for whatever reason, can provide reasonable assurance against flight. ” One unusual condition set by Judge Rakoff was that Mr. Dreier had to consent in writing to the use of “reasonable force” by the armed guards in case he tried to flee. Mr. Dreier later was sentenced to 20 years in prison. The debate last fall over Mr. Ng’s bail touched on similar issues. Mr. Ng, a Chinese real estate magnate with a net worth of about $1. 8 billion, owned private airplanes and had passports from at least three countries, the government said. In a bail hearing, a prosecutor, Daniel C. Richenthal, argued that Mr. Ng, who has pleaded not guilty, had no family or other ties in the United States. “There is no reason for him to remain,” Mr. Richenthal said. “Literally zero.    bond is meaningless to him $20 million is meaningless to him. ” The judge, Vernon S. Broderick, ultimately ruled that there were conditions that could assure Mr. Ng’s appearance in court, and, over the government’s objection, granted the $50 million bail package, including home confinement with    security, the monitoring of his phone calls and other strict conditions that he detailed in an order. The latest case involves Mr. Zarrab, who has pleaded not guilty to charges that include conspiring to violate the United States sanctions on Iran. The case has been widely watched in Turkey: In 2013, Mr. Zarrab was detained by the Turkish authorities in a broad corruption investigation of businessmen with ties to Recep Tayyip Erdogan, then prime minister and now Turkey’s president. The office of Preet Bharara, the United States attorney for the Southern District of New York, has asked that the judge, Richard M. Berman, deny bail to Mr. Zarrab, saying evidence of his participation in the charged offenses was “overwhelming,” and claiming Mr. Zarrab misled a court officer regarding his international travel and his assets. Mr. Bharara’s office noted Mr. Zarrab had amassed “a considerable fortune,” citing evidence of his ownership in about 20 properties, seven sea vessels, 17 luxury automobiles, a private airplane and over $10 million in artwork. Mr. Zarrab’s lawyer, Mr. Brafman, has argued in court papers that his client, who was born in Iran and moved to Turkey as an infant, is not a risk to flee. Mr. Brafman asked the judge not to detain his client “simply because he is wealthy and lacks ties to the United States,” and he argued that the bail proposal “removes any possible concern of flight. ” “Mr. Zarrab is a husband and a father who is committed to his family,” Mr. Brafman wrote, “and would not countenance life as a fugitive. ”",0
3880,"The U.S./Turkey Plan For “Seizing, Holding, And Occupying” Syrian Territory In Raqqa","Activist Post As the U.S. Presidential selection circus draws to a close, the United States and Turkey have announced a new plan to defeat ISIS, the same terrorist organization both countries have created, funded, armed, and facilitated, in Syria. The plan revolves around the conquering, occupation, and governing of sovereign Syrian territory in the East, most notably Raqqa.
According to the U.S. Joint Chiefs of Staff, Gen. Joseph Dunford, after meeting with his Turkish counterpart, that “The coalition and Turkey will work together on the long-term plan for seizing, holding and governing Raqqa.” 
The statement by Dunford seems to confirm the fact that the United States will not move forward in its campaign for Raqqa without working closely with the Turks, who are themselves concerned about the makeup of the proxy forces destined to hold power once the campaign is over. The Syrian Democratic Forces, the proxies of choice in this battle, are made up of many Kurdish militias and fighters, an issue that provides much worry on the part of the Turkish government. 
As CNN reports , 
But DoD News reported that Sunday’s meeting reinforced a longstanding agreement that the US-led coalition would not move ahead with the seizure of Raqqa, “without incorporating the Turks and their perspective into our plans,” according to Dunford. 
The Turkish army said in a statement that the military heads had discussed “the methods of a common struggle” against ISIS in Iraq and Syria, “especially in Al Bab and Raqqa in coming days.” 
Addressing the sensitivities around the ethnic makeup of the forces involved in the operation, Dunford said: “We always knew the SDF wasn’t the solution for holding and governing Raqqa. 
“What we are working on right now is to find the right mix of forces for the operation.” He said the US would work with Turkey to determine the composition of the forces that would seize and govern the territory, he said. 
He said the right approach was for locals to lead the mission to retake the city and run it after ISIS was driven out. 
“[The operation needs] a predominantly Arab and Sunni Arab force,” he said, according to DoD News. “And there are forces like that. There is the moderate Syrian opposition, the vetted Syrian forces and the Free Syrian Army forces, and there is some initial outreach to forces in Raqqa proper.” 
Dunford said the SDF were moving south to isolate ISIS positions in Raqqa and the surrounding areas — a phase that would take months. 
Essentially, the United States and Turkey are devising a plan by which to control Raqqa and the territory surrounding it by using proxy forces to overthrow other proxy forces. In other words, the fighters in Raqqa will simply undergo another name change, be replaced with a heavy Kurdish contingent, and act as a carefully placed chess piece by which to prevent the Syrian or Russian militaries from liberating the city. After all, these SDF forces will be presented as “moderate,” a label that cannot be attached to the ISIS fighters currently inhabiting Raqqa. 
Raqqa has acted as the ISIS capital since the mysterious appearance of the group two years ago and has gone virtually untouched as the Syrian military has been bogged down in major cities and western/central areas of the country in their fight against the Western-backed terrorists. Notably, despite its rhetoric of fighting to “degrade and destroy” ISIS, the U.S.-led coalition has yet to bomb Raqqa. 
Fresh on the heels of a major public relations victory in Palmyra , however, the Syrian military is now inching toward Raqqa and, if successful, it will score one of the biggest victories in the five-year war. This is not only because the de facto ISIS capital will be eliminated or because the SAA will gain more territory, it is because the liberation of Raqqa will be yet another example of how the Syrian military will have accomplished in weeks what the United States and coalition members have claimed may take a decade to do. It will be another instance where the lack of will on the part of the United States to actually destroy Daesh is put on display for the rest of the world, either causing the U.S. to look weak in the eyes of the world or exposing it for actually supporting the terrorist organization to begin with. Regardless, the victory for the Syrian government will be twofold. 
That is, unless the U.S. gets there first . . . . 
The U.S. has been using the presence of ISIS in Syria as an excuse to bomb, send Special Forces, publicly support terrorists, and possibly invade since the Western-backed terror group appeared on the scene two years ago. Yet, despite its rhetoric, the United States and its coalition have not bombed Raqqa and have largely abstained from bombing (see here and here ) any other terrorist group. Instead, the U.S. has focused on bombing Syrian military targets , civilians and civilian infrastructure ( see here also ), and acting as a deterrent to the Syrian military’s movement in many “rebel-held” areas of the country. 
Now, however, the United States seems to have great interest in Raqqa as it aids its loose collection of terrorists, fanatical Kurds, and Arabs known as the Syrian Democratic Forces (SDF) in “battles” around the ISIS capital. 
So why the sudden interest in Raqqa? It’s fairly simple. The United States sees clearly that the Syrian military and its Russian allies are going to liberate Raqqa soon enough and the U.S. does not want to suffer another public relations setback. A defeat for ISIS is thus a humiliation for the United States. That fact alone should raise some eyebrows. 
Regardless, the United States would like to have its own “victory” in Raqqa before the Syrians and the Russians can have theirs. If the SDF is able to “take” Raqqa, the U.S. will then be able to shout from the rooftops that America has liberated Raqqa and defeated ISIS in its own capital. 
The U.S. also has another goal in Raqqa – the theft of more Syrian territory by using its proxy forces going by the name of the SDF. Whether or not ISIS proper is in control of Raqqa is merely a secondary concern for the United States. If the SDF succeeds in imposing control over the city and the province, then the West will have succeeded in cementing control over the area in the hands of its proxy terrorists once again, but with yet another incarnation of the same Western-backed jihadist fanaticism. The U.S. can then use the “moderate rebel” label to keep Russia and Syria from bombing the fighters who merely assumed a position handed to them, albeit through some level of violence, by ISIS. 
This also allows the Western powers supporting their terrorist proxies the opportunity to provide the terrorists with a parcel of land inside Syria’s borders which can be used as a forward operating base and a staging ground for more attacks and operations launched at the rest of the country. 
With the situation as it stands, there is now the very real possibility of some type of major confrontation taking place in Raqqa that could very well have international ramifications. On one hand, there is the Syrian military, backed by the Russian Air Force and Russian Special Forces heading east to Raqqa while, on the other side, there is the SDF, backed by the U.S. Air and Special Forces, heading west toward Raqqa . Both sides are in a race to gain control over the ISIS capital, gain territory, and declare a victory for the world to see. But what if they arrive in Raqqa at the same time? 
In other words, there is a distinct potential that, in the race for Raqqa, the Syrian/Russian alliance might find itself face to face with the possibility of direct military conflict with the U.S./SDF (terrorist) alliance. At that point, the question will be who, if either, will back down? If both forces decide to push forward, the result could be devastating not only for Syria but for the rest of the world. 
Regardless of what happens, it is important to remember that the Syrian military is acting entirely in self-defense both against the terrorists posing as “rebels” and the United States. Russia, Iran, and Hezbollah have all been invited in to Syria, acting legally and with the assent of the Syrian government, while the United States and its coalition are once again acting completely outside of international law in an attempt to shore up its terrorist proxies; and, once again, the United States and its coalition of the willing is pushing the patience of the rest of the world. 
Brandon Turbeville – article archive here – is the author of seven books, Codex Alimentarius — The End of Health Freedom , 7 Real Conspiracies , Five Sense Solutions and Dispatches From a Dissident, volume 1 and volume 2 , The Road to Damascus: The Anglo-American Assault on Syria, and The Difference it Makes: 36 Reasons Why Hillary Clinton Should Never Be President . Turbeville has published over 850 articles on a wide variety of subjects including health, economics, government corruption, and civil liberties. Brandon Turbeville’s radio show Truth on The Tracks can be found every Monday night 9 pm EST at UCYTV . His website is BrandonTurbeville.com He is available for radio and TV interviews. Please contact activistpost (at) gmail.com . 
This article may be freely shared in part or in full with author attribution and source link .",0
3881,Comment on Leaked Audio Catches Clinton Red-Handed Talking About Rigging Elections by john smith,"Home / Be The Change / Government Corruption / Leaked Audio Catches Clinton Red-Handed Talking About Rigging Elections Leaked Audio Catches Clinton Red-Handed Talking About Rigging Elections The Free Thought Project October 29, 2016 2 Comments 
Decade-old audio exposes then-Senator Hillary Clinton saying the US should have manipulated Palestinian parliamentary elections in 2006 to prevent a Hamas victory. The presidential candidate lamented that the US didn’t “determine who was going to win.” 
“I do not think we should have pushed for an election in the Palestinian territories. I think that was a big mistake,” then-New York Senator Clinton told the Jewish Press, a New York-based weekly newspaper, several months after the January election. 
“And if we were going to push for an election, then we should have made sure that we did something to determine who was going to win,” she said. 
Until Friday, the comment Clinton made on September 5, 2006, only existed on a private audio cassette belonging to journalist Eli Chomsky. An editor and a staff writer for the Jewish Press, he interviewed Clinton at the newspaper’s office in Brooklyn. 
Chomsky, who shared and played the tape for the Observer, says it is the only existing copy of that meeting with Clinton, during which the Palestinian parliamentary election was among top topics. The comments have been posted on SoundCloud. 
Speaking to the news portal, he recalled being confused by the fact that “anyone could support the idea — offered by a national political leader, no less — that the US should be in the business of fixing foreign elections.” 2006 audio emerges of Clinton proposing election rigging in Palestine; censored by Israeli press for past 10 years https://t.co/LsMYcUzJR4 
— WikiLeaks (@wikileaks) October 28, 2016 
The interview took place nine months after the Hamas movement claimed 76 of the 132 parliamentary seats, pushing aside the US-favored Fatah movement and securing the right to form a new cabinet. That victory was neither welcomed in Israel, nor in the US. In Washington, where Hamas is considered a terrorist organization, officials repeatedly stated that they would not work with a Palestinian Authority that included Hamas. 
Then-President George W. Bush spoke of the elections as symbolizing the “power of democracy,” but refused to deal with Hamas as long as it opposed Israel’s existence and espoused violence. 
That day in September 2006, Clinton made “odd and controversial comments,” all now saved on the 45-minute record that Chomsky “held onto all these years.” 
“I went to my bosses at the time,” Chomsky told the Observer. “The Jewish Press had this mindset that they would not want to say anything offensive about anybody — even a direct quote from anyone — in a position of influence because they might need them down the road. My bosses didn’t think it was newsworthy at the time. I was convinced that it was and I held onto it all these years.” Share",0
3882,Comment on 500 Year Old Map Was Discovered That Shatters The “Official” History Of The Planet by 500 Year Old Map Discovered Shatters The Official History Of The Human Race,"Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Human history is quite an enigma. We know so little, and much of what we think we know seems to be highly questionable in the wake of new evidence, as well as pre-existing information that challenges our current understanding of the world.   Our world is no stranger to unexplained mystery, and there are numerous examples of verified phenomenon, ancient monuments, books, teachings, understandings and more that lack any explanation and counter what we’ve already been taught. We are like a race with amnesia, able to put together small bits and pieces of our history yet unable to provide any sort of verified explanation. There are still many missing pieces to the puzzle. One great example is the Piri Reis map, a genuine document that was re-made (copied from older documents) at Constantinople in AD 1513, and discovered in 1929. It focuses on the western coast of Africa, the eastern coast of South America, and the northern coast of Antarctica. It was drawn by the military intelligence of Admiral Piri Reis of the Ottoman era. He is a well-known historical figure whose identity is well established. The Admiral made a copy of it, and the original was drawn based on documents that date back to at least the fourth century BC, and on information obtained by multiple explorers. Why The Map Is So Compelling Right off the bat, one of the most compelling facts about the map is that it includes a continent that our history books tell us was not discovered until 1818. Secondly, the map depicts what is known as “Queen Maud Land,” a 2.7 million-square-kilometer (1 million sq mi) region of Antarctica as it looked millions of years ago. This region and other regions shown on the map are thought to have been covered completely in ice, but the map tells a different story. It shows this area as ice free, which suggests that these areas passed through a long ice-free period which might not have come to an end until approximately six thousand years ago, which again, totally goes against what is taught and currently believed. Today, geological evidence has confirmed that this area could not have been ice-free until about 4000 BC. Official science has been saying all along that the ice-cap which covers the Antarctic is millions of years old. The Piri Reis map shows that the northern part of that continent has been mapped before the ice did cover it. This means that it was mapped a million years ago, but that’s impossible, since mankind did not exist at that time. Quite the conundrum isn’t it?   Professor Charles Hapgood, who was a university history professor, wrote to the United States Air Force Reconnaissance Technical Squadron (SAC) and they also confirmed that “this indicates the coastline had been mapped before it was covered by the ice-cap.” (1) They also went on to state that “we have no idea how the data on this map can be reconciled with the supposed state of geographical knowledge in 1513.” (1) (The reply was from Harold Z. Ohlmeyer, a Lt Colonel, USAF) 
Here’s what Professor Charles Hapgood had to say about it: “It appears that accurate information has been passed down from people to people. It appears that the charts must have originated with a people unknown and they were passed on, perhaps by the Minoans and the Phoenicians, who were, for a thousand years and more, the greatest sailors of the ancient world. We have evidence that they were collected and studied in the great library of Alexandria (Egypt) and that compilations of them were made by the geographers that worked there.” (1) 
Furthermore, the map is very detailed and includes mountain ranges in the Antarctic. which were not even discovered until 1952. “His idea is original, of great simplicity, and – if it continues to prove itself – of great importance to everything that is related to the history of the Earth’s surface.” – Einstein on Hapgood’s interpretations of the map (1)(2) (From a forward Einstein wrote for Hapgood in one of his books) Hapgood and mathematician Richard W. Strachan have also provided more mind-boggling information. For example, a comparison with modern day photographs that are taken from satellite images shows remarkable similarities; the originals of Piri Reis’ maps might well have been aerial photographs taken from a very high height. (2) I’ll let you think about that for a second. How is that possible for a map that was made millions of years ago? “A spaceship hovers high above Cairo and points its camera straight downward. When the film is developed, the following picture would emerge: everything that is in a radius of about 5,000 miles of Cairo is reproduced correctly, because it lies directly below the lens. But the countries and continents become increasingly distorted the farther we move our eyes from the center of the picture. Why is this? Owing to the spherical shape of the earth, the continents away from the center “sink downward.” South America, for example, appears strangely distorted length-ways, exactly as it does on the Piri Reis maps! And exactly as it does on the photographs taken from the American lunar probes.” – (Erich Von Daniken 92) Changing Our View of The Past The fact that this ancient map could have been made with some sort of arial technology is quite a thought, isn’t it? Even if this isn’t an option, who had the technology to undertake such an accurate geographical survey in Antarctica a couple million years ago? How would they have known to detail the map as if it were taken from above, with knowledge about the earth’s shape? It remains a mystery how the Sumerians, Mayans, and others were aware of bodies in space that are impossible to detect without modern technology, and were able to make calculations based on that awareness. This map is another example of just such a mystery, and suggests that the existence of some sort of ancient advanced civilization, with all the tools (or possibly more) of modern day civilization, is indeed plausible. 
For more detailed information regarding this truly fascinating map, I suggest you check out source # 1 for starters. 
I’d also like to mention that this map is part of a very large body of evidence suggesting that extremely intelligent, very advanced ancient civilizations once roamed the Earth. Sources: (1) Hancock, Graham. Fingerprints of the Gods: Canada: Anchor Canada, 2005 (2) Daniken, Erich. Chariots of The Gods. New York: Berkley Books, 1970 
The Sacred Science follows eight people from around the world, with varying physical and psychological illnesses, as they embark on a one-month healing journey into the heart of the Amazon jungle. 
You can watch this documentary film FREE for 10 days by clicking here. 
""If “Survivor” was actually real and had stakes worth caring about, it would be what happens here, and “The Sacred Science” hopefully is merely one in a long line of exciting endeavors from this group."" - Billy Okeefe, McClatchy Tribune",0
3883,3 Easy Gourmet Recipes for Hearty Autumn Dinners,"By Asra Carlone, Natural Blaze If you’ve been looking for easy ways to prepare hearty, warming dinners this fall, here are some meals waiting just for you. They are simply clean food or real... ",0
3884,"Mosul Is Breached by Iraqi Forces, Heralding a New, Complex Phase - The New York Times","ERBIL, Iraq  —   Facing Islamic State artillery, snipers and suicide attacks, Iraq’s elite counterterrorism forces breached Mosul’s city limits on Tuesday, officers said, the first time government forces have entered the city in more than two years. The advance from the east was a breakthrough in efforts over a span of more than two weeks to reclaim Mosul from the Islamic State, also known as ISIS or ISIL. But a great deal of fighting remains: Even as the counterterrorism forces try to push toward the center of the city, Iraq’s second largest, Iraqi Army soldiers are approaching from the south. The counterterrorism units, which have American training and equipment and work closely with United States military advisers, moved into the Gogjali neighborhood on Tuesday. The area was the first they reached within the city limits after going village by village for the past two weeks. Two officers reached by cellphone said that the fighting had been fierce, but that they were confident the neighborhood, known for its cattle farming, would be secured soon. “We are facing tough resistance,” one special forces officer, Capt. Raad Hussein, said as gunfire crackled in the background. “But we will get it. ” Later, officers said that the area had been mostly secured, and that they had captured a state television building from the Islamic State, which had looted the equipment but had not used the facility for broadcasting. “Now is the beginning of the true liberation of the city of Mosul,” Staff Gen. Taleb Shighati   the top counterterrorism force commander, said on state television. The advance into the eastern edge of Mosul heralded a new and more complicated phase  —   and most likely a more dangerous one for civilians  —   in a campaign that American military officials say could last months. In the days ahead, one pivotal point will be whether the Islamic State defends the east of the city or retreats across the Tigris River to the west side, which is more densely populated and where some worry that the terrorist group could bog down security forces in the Old City’s narrow streets. The eastern bank of the Tigris, historically home for many of the old, elite families of Mosul who fled the city after it was taken over by the Islamic State, has been seen as an easier task for the security forces. Trying to discern the Islamic State’s plans for defending the city, Staff Gen. Wathiq   the commander of the Mosul police force, said that in recent days he had sent an informant, who was pretending to be a fisherman, to check under bridges for explosives. He said that the two bridges the informant was able to check  —   the city has five  —   were not rigged to blow up. As the fight moves into the city, it will become simpler in one respect: Under the battle plan, only the Iraqi Army and the special forces are to enter the city proper. Other forces that have participated in the approach  —   the Kurdish pesh merga fighting to the north, and Shiite militias in the west  —   are being kept away because their presence would probably alienate Mosul’s Sunnis. The fight for Mosul has played out against the backdrop of political uncertainty, with great unease about the potential for the battle to unleash waves of sectarian violence and revenge attacks. And as the fighting grinds on, there is a persistent fear of a major humanitarian crisis in the coming days and weeks, as the fighting moves toward more densely populated areas. Aid officials, noting that as many as a million people could remain in Mosul, have been preparing for a new wave of civilians fleeing the area. More than three million people in the country have already been driven from their homes because of violence. Some families were already streaming out of Gogjali on Tuesday, according to a witness and images on local television, but it was not immediately clear how many. The Iraqi government, dropping fliers over the city and broadcasting radio announcements, has been urging civilians to stay in their homes to avert a larger humanitarian crisis. But if civilians do that, it presents new challenges to the security forces, as the soldiers fighting in eastern Mosul found out Tuesday. Brig. Gen. Abdulwahab   a commander in the counterterrorism forces, said he was surprised that so many families had remained in the area, which made it difficult for his men to clear the houses and check for hidden militants. Still, he said it turned out well, because many civilians, waving white flags, cooperated with his soldiers and provided information about where Islamic State fighters were hiding. In a speech on Monday, Prime Minister Haider   reiterated his call for civilians in Mosul to stay indoors for now, but to rise up and help the security forces once they have approached. “Now we are very close to the city of Mosul,” Mr. Abadi said. “And we call on the people to stay at home, to kick out Islamic State, and not to allow them to destroy the infrastructure or to   the streets. ” He added that civilians should not fear the forces. “They have come to liberate you,” he said. Since the Mosul campaign began, about 18, 000 people have been displaced, according to the International Organization for Migration, which on Tuesday described that figure as a low estimate. That could change in the coming days, as many of the villages secured outside Mosul over the last two weeks were mostly uninhabited. At the same time, the Islamic State has herded thousands of civilians to Mosul to be used as human shields. That tactic, in addition to terrorizing the population, aims to make it harder for the United   coalition to carry out airstrikes without harming civilians. The Guardian newspaper on Tuesday, citing Kurdish fighters and local residents, reported that eight people were killed by an American airstrike last week in a village near Mosul. A spokesman for the coalition was not immediately available for comment, but in a statement provided to The Guardian, the coalition said that it had conducted strikes in the area of the village, and that it was investigating the matter. The Islamic State was able to seize Mosul and other territories in Iraq in 2014 by exploiting the grievances of the Sunni community toward the   government, and by offering protection. Many Sunnis welcomed the group, but now most of the civilians who have fled lands the militants control say they came to detest the group’s brutality. “We thought they represented Islam,” said Umm Ahmed, a woman who recently arrived at a camp for the displaced east of Mosul. “We thought they were good people. They were liars. ” She said she had lost her   baby as she fled the fighting in her village last week. With her other children around her in the tent, she offered one example of the horrors of living under the Islamic State: Her    son, sitting at her side, has mostly been out of school for more than two years. In the first days after the militants took her village, she said, he and other schoolchildren were forced to watch videos of beheadings in a classroom. “He had nightmares and was unable to sleep,” she said. “Still, I am shaking when I think about Daesh,” she added, using the Arabic acronym for the Islamic State.",0
3885,Media Covering Up MASSIVE Anti-Trump Violence Across the Country,"Don’t let the media tell you that the anti-Donald Trump, anti-democratic and anti-American violence occurring across the nation is isolated or limited or really nothing to report on . 
Because it most certainly is. 
The mainstream media has just been too busy reporting on some of the stupid or decades-old comments Donald Trump makes to report on them. 
Or maybe they’re so in the tank for the Left, they are willing to ignore what’s right in front of their face – like the undercover video showing Hillary operatives staging and inciting violence at Trump rallies. 
Some events the media simply can’t ignore – like the firebombing of a Republican Party headquarters in North Carolina. That was universally labeled an act of “political terrorism,” which it clearly was. 
But the truth is, there are many more examples of this kind of violent hatred across the country. Our friends at Lifezette have compiled some of the most notable examples that you may not have been told about. They get local media coverage, but barely make it into the national news: On Oct. 15 in Bangor, Maine, vandals spray-painted about 20 parked cars outside a Trump rally. Trump supporter Paul Foster, whose van was hit with white paint, told reporters, “Why can’t they do a peaceful protest instead of painting cars, all of this, to make their statement?” Around Oct. 3, a couple of Trump supporters were assaulted in Zeitgeist, a San Francisco bar, after they were allegedly refused service for expressing support for Trump, GotNews reports. “The two Trump supporters were attacked, punched, and chased into the street by ‘some thugs’ that a barmaid called out from the back.” Lilian Kim of ABC 7 Bay Area tweeted a photo of the men, in which one was wearing a Trump T-shirt and the other was wearing a “Blue Lives Matter” shirt. On Sept. 28 in El Cajon, California, an angry mob at a Black Lives Matter protest beat 21-year-old Trump supporter Feras Jabro for wearing a “Make America Great Again” baseball cap. The assault was broadcast live using the smartphone app Periscope. On Sept. 26 at Gustavus Adolphus College in St. Peter, Minnesota, as the first presidential debate was about to get underway, a woman wearing Trump campaign apparel was assaulted while heading to a debate watch event. “Nobody, regardless of race, gender, or political party, should feel unsafe because of the way they look or what they wear when they walk on campus,” the Minnesota Federation of College Republicans said in a press release. On Aug. 19 in Minneapolis, Minnesota, Trump supporters had to run a gauntlet of angry protesters to get into a Trump fundraiser at the Minneapolis Convention Center. When they left after the event they were hit, pushed, and spit on. On Aug. 13 in Oak Ridge, Tennessee, 68-year-old cancer survivor Vester Bullock was beaten at a garage sale because he wore a Trump pin on his hat. The assailant “slammed his arms, walked up to me and said, ‘My wife told me I shouldn’t trust a God-damn Republican,'” he said. The man complained the staple gun Bullock sold him didn’t work. “I told him ‘I’ll give you your money back,'” said Bullock. “But he kept calling me all kinds of names.” The man punched Bullock in the jaw so hard he lost a tooth. On Aug. 12 in the West Hollywood neighborhood of Los Angeles, two women assaulted pro-Trump activist Tim Treadstone after a Trump rally. “This blonde girl grabbed my iPhone and threw it as hard as she could to the pavement,” he said. “And before I could pick it up, the brunette who was throwing the food at people punched me in the head. My glasses and my hat flew off. There were claw marks on my neck.” Last week, the two women were formally charged with assault and battery. The night of the rally, Treadstone and a group of Trump hat-wearers were denied service at a popular Mexican eatery. Customers began screaming at the Trump backers and throwing food at them. Earlier, at the West Hollywood rally, “a can of Monster energy drink, eggs, and dog feces were also thrown at pro-Trump demonstrators,” according to Breitbart News. “The can of Monster hit one man on the back.” On Aug. 3 in Bloomfield, New Jersey, an assailant attacked a 62-year-old man who was walking down the street wearing a pro-Trump T-shirt, local police said. “The motorist inquired why [the man] was wearing the shirt, directing profanities at him,” a police spokesman said. “The [victim] continued to walk away as [the] motorist followed him.” The motorist hit the man several times with a crowbar, causing injuries to his arms, hands, and thighs, On June 18, 19-year-old British national Michael Sandford tried to take a gun from a Las Vegas police officer during a Trump rally. Sandford was arrested and reportedly said he intended to use the gun to kill Trump. Unlike most of the anti-Trump attacks, this event was widely reported by the media. On June 2, in San Jose, California, rioters assaulted a group of attendees leaving a Trump rally. Fourteen of those attacked have filed a class-action lawsuit against the city and Mayor Sam Liccardo. The attendees “were victimized by being forced by armed police to walk into a riot in full swing where many were assaulted while police looked on,” said their lawyer, Harmeet K. Dhillon. In San Jose, protesters also threw eggs, a tomato, and a bottle at Rachel Casey, a 29-year-old Trump supporter they cornered outside a hotel. “I knew if I was to touch one of them or I was to grab one of the flags they were waving in my face that they would have attacked me or beaten me with those flag poles that were metal,” Casey told Breitbart News. “I just kept a straight face, I don’t know how. I just knew if I touched one of them I would get hurt. Luckily someone let me in that hotel, finally, someone finally opened the door.” On April 28, in Costa Mesa, California, anti-Trump demonstrators threw rocks at moving cars. One bloodied the face of a Trump supporter who was driving away after the rally. About 20 people were arrested. On March 12 at the Dayton, Ohio, airport, Black Lives Matter supporter Thomas Dimassimo rushed the small stage where Trump was speaking, an attack that received widespread media attention. He was tackled by Secret Service agents before he could reach the GOP candidate and was later charged with disorderly conduct and inducing panic. Before the attack he tweeted: “I’ve had about all I can take from the violent trump ralliers. Saturday im [sic] going to check my people and spit on their false king.” After his release from jail, hours later, he tweeted: “F**k you b**ch @realDonaldTrump[.]” 
This is but a sampling of the violence that has occurred by the left against Republicans, conservatives and Donald Trump supporters. 
So anyone who suggests that there would be violence after any contested elections needs to turn their eyes squarely on Hillary Clinton and her supporters.",0
3886,Rajoy aparece en un Delorean para llevar a los españoles una hora atrás en el tiempo,"Rajoy aparece en un Delorean para llevar a los españoles una hora atrás en el tiempo ""DEBEMOS VIAJAR AL PASADO PARA RESTABLECER EL EQUILIBRIO"", HA DICHO viajes en el tiempo 
Gritando que no hay tiempo que perder y que todos los españoles deben desplazarse al pasado, el recién investido Presidente del Gobierno, Mariano Rajoy, ha irrumpido en la madrileña Puerta del Sol montado en un coche marca Delorean al que ha animado a subir a todo el mundo, según han explicado varios testigos. Su aparición ha tenido lugar a las 2:55 de la madrugada. 
En cinco minutos, según el Gobierno, todos los españoles deberán subir al coche del presidente a fin de poder viajar al pasado y poder llevar a cabo el cambio de hora anual que debe efectuarse hoy. 
“¡Rápido, subid, no hay tiempo para explicaciones!”, ha gritado Rajoy, según las fuentes. 
Despeinado y con más tics nerviosos de lo habitual, Rajoy se ha mostrado muy agitado, han explicado los testigos. Al parecer, se le veía desorientado y pronunciando frases inconexas como “Rápido, se va a cerrar el agujero de gusano”. 
El Gobierno también advierte que una vez todos los españoles se hayan desplazado al pasado “es absolutamente imprescindible que nadie toque nada”. Si un español se encuentra consigo mismo en el pasado “es conveniente evitar el encuentro” y es imprescindible no advertir a nadie sobre lo que ya sabemos del futuro “especialmente el hecho de que Rajoy al final ha sido investido”. 
Rajoy ha configurado su máquina del tiempo para viajar tan sólo una hora, a las dos de la mañana, pero ya ha advertido que “no soy mucho ni de twitter ni de máquinas del tiempo y no prometo nada”. 
“Soy el Dr. Mariano Rajoy. Estoy en el estacionamiento del Centro Comercial Bazar Amigo. Es sábado, 29 de octubre de 2016. 2:58 a.m. Este es el experimento temporal número uno”, ha declarado Rajoy, grabadora en mano. 
Finalmente, el político ha señalado boquiabierto al reloj de la plaza: las manecillas se movían hacia atrás por el cambio de hora. “¡Salven el reloj de la torre! ¡Salven el reloj de la torre!”, ha gritado Rajoy temiendo que el icónico reloj de Puerta del Sol estuviera estropeado, según los presentes. 
Cuando las manecillas han marcado de nuevo las 02:00 a.m., Rajoy ha vuelto a bajar del Delorean, eufórico, gritando: “¡Lo he conseguido! ¡Lo he conseguido!”. Siempre según los testigos, ha agarrado a Dora la Exploradora por la pechera de su disfraz, y le ha preguntado: “Dime, joven del futuro: ¿Quién es el Presidente del futuro?”. Cuando Dora le ha respondido “Mariano Rajoy”, éste ha reído, sorprendido: “¿Rajoy? ¿El registrador de la propiedad? ¿Y quién es Vicepresidente? ¿Una mujer?”.",0
3887,"Duterte Says ’Spare No One’ as Islamic State Beheads Police Chief, Stages Mass Prison Break","Philippines President Rodrigo Duterte has threatened to expand a   state of emergency in southern Mindanao to the whole country should the Maute group, a terrorist organization that has pledged allegiance to the Islamic State (ISIS) expand its killing spree beyond the island. [Duterte, who arrived home from an abbreviated trip to Russia Wednesday, elaborated on the implications of martial law on the island. The president suspended the writ of habeas corpus and announced that police would no longer require a warrant on the island to arrest anyone suspected of being a member of the terrorist group.  “Checkpoints will be allowed. Searches will be allowed. Arrest without a warrant will be allowed in Mindanao,” Duterte explained. “And I do not need to secure any search warrant or a warrant of arrest. If you are identified positively on the other side, you can be arrested and detained. ” “Anyone caught possessing a gun and confronting us with violence, my orders are shoot to kill. I will not hesitate to do it,” he vowed. “If I think that you should die, you will die. If you fight us, you will die. If there is an open defiance, you will die. ” “Anyone now holding a gun, confronting government with violence, my orders are spare no one, let us solve the problems of Mindanao once and for all. Do not force my hands into it,” he added. Duterte added that he was mulling an order to allow civilians to use their legally purchased guns against Maute terrorists and carry them publicly to deter violence. Duterte added the rare warning that he would not allow police to abuse human rights with impunity. “I will assure you I am not willing to allow abuses. Government is still running, the Congress is functioning, and the courts are open for citizens to seek grievance,” he assured residents. These clarifications followed comments on the flight back from Moscow, where he compared himself to predecessor Ferdinand Marcos, who also declared martial law. “I was asked how I would deal with terrorism. I said I’d be harsh. I told everyone, ‘do not force my hand into it,” he told reporters in a Facebook Live video posted by Presidential Communications Assistant Secretary Mocha Uson. In that video, Duterte said he hoped to be able to lift the martial law order as soon as possible but could not guarantee a swift end to the crisis in Mindanao, where he currently resides. “If it would take a year to do it then we’ll do it. If it’s over in a month I’d be happy,” he said. Mindanao is home to a large Muslim population and has birthed multiple Muslim insurgencies, particularly the   Abu Sayyaf and Maute group. The Maute group pledged allegiance to the Islamic State in 2015 after its leaders established the “Khalifa Islamiah Mindanao” (“Mindanao Islamic Caliphate”) in 2012. Maute and Abu Sayyaf operate independently of each other despite their allegiance to ISIS, though they have pledged to aid each other. The bond between Maute and Abu Sayyaf apparently triggered the wave of violence that spread throughout the island this week. Philippine police raided the home of Abu Sayyaf leader Isnilon Hapilon, triggering a rapid response from Maute jihadists, who stormed Marawi city, beheaded a local police chief, freed more than 100 jihadists at a local prison, and took a priest and Catholic believers praying at a local church hostage. Witnesses say Maute fighters have raised the Islamic State flag over the city from local mosques and burned down numerous Catholic and government buildings. In addition to freeing an estimated 107 jihadists from a Mindanao prison, the Maute terrorists reportedly stole government vehicles to use in bringing the fugitives to their stronghold in Marawi. For months, Duterte has warned that the collapse of the Islamic State in Syria and Iraq would present a danger to the Philippines. “Once the terrorists of the Middle East are deprived of the land area, the real estate area where they can sleep,” Duterte warned in November 2016, “they will wander to other places and they will come here and we have to prepare for that. ” Should ISIS surface in the Philippines, Duterte said then, “forget about human rights. ” “I will not just simply allow my people to be slaughtered for the sake of human rights that’s bullshit,” he added. Follow Frances Martel on Facebook and Twitter.",0
3888,The Great Wall Street/Washington Con Job: Part 5 of The Recovery Which Never Happened,"The Great Wall Street/Washington Con Job: Part 5 of The Recovery Which Never Happened By David Stockman. Posted On Friday, October 28th, 2016 In Part 4 of this series we introduced the idea that the US is now in a Say's Law Economy, which is being dragged down by a Keynesian ball and chain. That is, the traditional credit channels of monetary transmission are now broken and done owing to Peak Debt and the Fed-induced mutation of the money and capital markets into gambling casinos. You need to login to view this content. 
David Stockman’s Contra Corner isn’t your typical financial tipsheet. Instead it’s an ongoing dialogue about what’s really happening in the markets… the economy… and governments… so you can understand the world around you and make better decisions for yourself. 
David believes the world -- certainly the United States -- is at a great inflection point in human history. The massive credit inflation of the last three decades has reached its apogee and is now going to splatter spectacularly. 
This will have lasting ramifications on how governments tax and regulate you… the type of work you and your family members will have available and what you get paid… the value of your nest egg… and all other areas comprising your quality of life. Login 
David Stockman's Contra Corner is the only place where mainstream delusions and cant about the Warfare State, the Bailout State, Bubble Finance and Beltway Banditry are ripped, refuted and rebuked. Subscribe now to receive David Stockman’s latest posts by email each day as well as his model portfolio, Lee Adler’s Daily Data Dive and David’s personally curated insights and analysis from leading contrarian thinkers.",0
3889,"In AMC’s Western ‘The Son,’ the Novelist Philipp Meyer Lassoes TV - The New York Times","DRIFTWOOD, Tex.  —   On a blistering day last August, the novelist Philipp Meyer was at a cattle ranch in the grassy Hill Country of Central Texas, standing in a field that had been turned into a replica of a Comanche camp. The makeshift village  —   with about 20 tepees, wooden racks holding strips of drying meat and buffalo hides spread on the ground  —   was the backdrop for a grueling scene from AMC’s adaptation of Mr. Meyer’s 2013 novel, “The Son,” an epic Western about a Texas ranching family. The series stars Pierce Brosnan as Eli McCullough, the family’s steely patriarch, who was captured by Comanches as a teenager in 1849 and later becomes a cattle rancher with a violent, vengeful streak. Mr. Meyer watched as makeup artists applied fake blood and ash to the prosthetic limbs of a white buffalo hunter who had been captured and tortured by the Comanches. “This is great!” he said. He studied the scene more closely, and then suggested making the charred ground around the actor’s limbs bigger. After all, he noted, the fires would have been burning for hours. It’s rare for novelists to wield this much influence over screen adaptations of their work. They may get an executive producer credit and an occasional ceremonial visit to the set, yet typically they just cash their checks and move on to their next novels. But Mr. Meyer is far from typical. Bald and muscular, with a square jaw and thick beard, he’s handy with pistols, rifles and hunting bows, and looks more at home on a working cattle ranch than most M. F. A. graduates. He wrote three of the episodes in the first season, and rewrote the rest. And he was a near constant presence on the set throughout the five months of filming, weighing in on casting, props, costumes and the choreography of battle scenes. “He was heavily involved in everything,” Mr. Brosnan, who spoke admiringly of Mr. Meyer’s “swagger,” said. “He’s a   weapons nut, with his own arsenal, and he was very specific in the choice of weapons I would use. ” Mr. Meyer admits his obsession with historical details was “probably annoying” to the other writers and producers. But his scrupulous oversight of even minute aspects of the production was always part of the bargain. “He’s definitely put his fingerprints on the show,” said Joel Stillerman, the president of original programming and development for AMC and SundanceTV. “It was clear that he was not comfortable just walking away, and he felt like he had something to contribute. ” [ Texas TV: From the Sublime to the Ridiculous ] “The Son” is the first big project from El Jefe, a production company that Mr. Meyer founded with the writers Brian McGreevy and Lee Shipman. The three men, who met at the University of Texas at Austin’s M. F. A. program, created the company in 2014, with the aim of giving authors, who are often sidelined in Hollywood’s creative hierarchy, greater control over the adaptations of their work. The company is developing TV shows based on Mr. Meyer’s debut novel, “American Rust,” Wil S. Hylton’s World War II book, “Vanished,” and “Fourth of July Creek,” a novel by Smith Henderson. (Mr. Meyer also plans to write and   the adaptation of “American Rust. ”) “Novelists, who are the most qualified people when it comes to the world of the books they’ve written, are the first people to be benched in this process,” said Mr. McGreevy, who was a writer and executive producer on the Netflix adaptation of his horror novel, “Hemlock Grove. ” Television has become an increasingly attractive medium for novelists (like Richard Price, Tom Perrotta and Nic Pizzolatto) who see it as an ideal form for teasing out long story arcs and subtle character development. But it’s rare for them to have as much of a creative stake as Mr. Meyer does in “The Son,” and he’s feeling the pressure. Whether “The Son” succeeds, critically and commercially, could determine whether El Jefe becomes a big player in the already heated competition for literary properties, which have become a staple of prestige television. “There’s this sinking feeling of, ‘Oh, this is years of my life,’” he said, using an expletive. “It almost feels like writing a first novel. ” Mr. Meyer had been in development purgatory before, and was determined not to go through it again. His 2009 debut novel, “American Rust,” was optioned for a feature film, but the production never went anywhere. So when “The Son,” which became a critically acclaimed best seller that sold 300, 000 copies and was a finalist for the Pulitzer Prize, caught the interest of several production companies, he agreed to Mr. McGreevy’s pitch. “I said, you can go with these heavy hitters who will back up dump trucks of money to your house but will likely marginalize you in the process, if the thing gets made at all,” Mr. McGreevy said, “or you can take the risk of us doing this together. ” Mr. Meyer chose the riskier option. In the spring of 2013, he and Mr. McGreevy and Mr. Shipman wrote a   script for “The Son” and started shopping it to TV networks. Microsoft’s Xbox Entertainment Studios made on offer on the series but never followed through, and the fledgling studio later shut down. Even after AMC picked up “The Son” as a series in early 2016, with a role for Mr. Meyer as a series writer and executive producer, there were other hiccups. Last summer, the actor Sam Neill, who was playing Eli, dropped out for personal reasons, soon before shooting was scheduled to begin. Mr. Brosnan took his place, and had to prepare for the role on the fly. He read passages of the novel out loud to capture Eli’s cadences, and listened to speeches by famous Texans including Lyndon B. Johnson, Rick Perry and the Texas congressman Ted Poe. (In the first few episodes, Mr. Brosnan’s labored accent is never quite convincing. ). To make the multigenerational epic work dramatically, the source material underwent some major changes. In the show, one of the book’s major characters, Jeanne Anne, is Eli’s granddaughter, rather than his   which compressed Mr. Meyer’s sprawling novel into two parallel narratives, in 1849 and 1915. (The original story spans more than 160 years.) “Philipp understood that anything we did to his book didn’t unwrite the book,” said Kevin Murphy, the showrunner and executive producer for “The Son. ” Still, Mr. Meyer wasn’t content to cede control. “Philipp has zero   experience, zero television experience, but his ideas are taken, they are valuable,” Mr. Murphy said. Mr. Meyer takes a   approach to writing. While researching the book, he went to extreme lengths to learn about Comanche customs and life in   Texas. At a ranch in Southwest Texas, he shot a buffalo and drank a mug full of its blood, so that he could accurately describe the taste when young Eli eats a raw buffalo liver. He studied animal tracking, fire building and plant identification at a   school, and learned enough Comanche to write dialogue. Mr. Meyer brought the same obsessive attention to detail to the show. He set up an archery program to teach the actors how to shoot a traditional Comanche bow, which is shorter than most other bows and designed to be used on horseback. And he brought in Juanita Pahdopony, a Comanche educator and artist, to advise the set designers on the tepees and costumes, and to help translate the dialogue and coach the actors on their pronunciation. “It’s taken me weeks to memorize,” said Zahn McClarnon, who plays Toshaway, a Comanche warrior who takes Eli under his wing. “We, as native actors, don’t get any credit for that. It’s like Tom Cruise learning Japanese. ” Occasionally, Mr. Meyer’s commitment to historical accuracy created uncomfortable moments. Some of the Native American actors expressed concern that the Comanches were portrayed as savages who relished rape and torture. Mr. Meyer and the other writers made some changes to the script, like cutting the depiction of a rape. “As native people, we have been portrayed in a certain way throughout the history of television, with stereotypes,” said Mr. McClarnon, who is of Lakota descent. “The producers were very open about changing things and listening to the cast and to the native advisers, and that’s the way it should be. ” Standing near the mangled body of the buffalo hunter on the set, Mr. Meyer said he was aiming to capture a bloody chapter in American history, from which no one emerged innocent. That day, they were filming some brutal scenes from an episode that takes place in the Comanche camp. The episode features Jacob Lofland as young Eli, who’s been living with the tribe and feels torn over the fate of another captive, a white buffalo hunter who is being tortured to death. “They were pretty inventive with torture stuff,” Mr. Meyer said. “The best political stance to take is honesty. White people did horrible things, Native Americans did horrible things. ” Working on a TV show has taken a bit of a toll on his fiction writing. Mr. Meyer said he’s been struggling to finish his next novel, which is overdue to his publisher. “The crazy thing is, now I have to make sure I have time to write novels,” he said.",0
3890,Why Are Basketball Games So Squeaky? Consider the Spiny Lobster - The New York Times,"It is the unofficial soundtrack of basketball, a noise consistently heard but rarely considered  —     shoes squeaking on the hardwood. Squeaks are the background rhythm to the game. But that sound is also one of the enduring mysteries of sports, and presents a question that gets scientists talking: Why do basketball shoes squeak? To understand, it may help to consider violins and the California spiny lobster. Sheila Patek, a biologist at Duke University, is an expert in spiny lobsters, among other oddities of the animal kingdom, and several years ago discovered that some species of the clawless crustaceans do something utterly unusual. To scare away predators, they rub a smooth, rubbery protrusion at the base of each antenna against the smooth, hard part of their heads. The result is an audible squawk. The spiny lobster became the first known example among animals of the   phenomenon, a deeply studied principle of science and engineering. It is when two relatively smooth or flat surfaces become repeatedly stuck and unstuck by the forces of friction, creating a vibration that becomes a noise. It is why brakes and doors squeak on dirty hinges and why wipers chatter on dry windshields. It is why a finger sings on the rim of a wine glass or screeches on the outside of an inflated balloon. And it explains how the bow of a violin, sticking and slipping almost imperceptibly as it crosses the string, creates sound. “If you’ve ever played a violin, you have to push down and slide at just the right combination to get these two surfaces to stick and slip across each other,” Patek said. “And on each slip it makes a little burst of sound. And that’s the same thing for a spiny lobster. ” And, it now occurs to her, the same goes for something else, something more widely seen around Duke than a spiny lobster. “A basketball shoe!” she said with a laugh. In big arenas, like those of the N. B. A. the squeaking is mostly overpowered these days by the cacophonous,   noise intended as entertainment and disguised as excitement. (The Knicks, deep into the experimental part of their losing season, recently played a first half against the Warriors with only ambient noise, telling fans to “enjoy the sounds of the game. ” Steve Kerr, the Warriors’ coach, said the atmosphere was “weird,” and a player, Draymond Green, called it “pathetic. ”) But the squeaks will be heard, loud and clear, during the early parts of the N. C. A. A. men’s and women’s basketball tournaments. Some teams tip off on neutral courts far from home, where the crowds are reverent or unmoved. Pep bands play only during timeouts, and most sites do not add artificial noise during play. Perhaps unrealized at home, there are stretches when squeaking shoes and the occasional barking of coaches comprise most of the noise in the arena. Few stop to consider just what it is that they are hearing when shoes squeak. Even fewer have researched the topic. Martyn Shorten, who has a biomechanics consulting firm in Portland, Ore. and works mostly with athletic shoe manufacturers, is one of them. He presented his findings to the American Society of Biomechanics in 2006, and it remains a   resource in the industry. “The herringbone structures of the shoe outsole are induced to vibrate at their   natural frequencies by   contact with the surface,” Shorten and his research partner Xia Xi concluded. Those vibrations become sound  —   quick,   squeaks. To fans, they are noise. To players, they are necessities. “When we’ve tested shoes and they didn’t squeak, it comes up with our players and our testers,” Leo Chang, senior design director at Nike, said. “The squeak is reassurance to a lot of players. They listen for it. It gives them that audio sense of reassurance that they’re sticking. ” The squeak means that they are not just sticking, but sliding. It is a complex, wonky bit of science, deeply researched and best explained by a battery of experts  —   from shoe designers to rubber scientists, mechanical engineers to acoustic experts, even a biologist familiar with spiny lobsters. They agree that at the core of a basketball shoe’s squeak is the   phenomenon  —   the same principle studied by engineers for its clattering effect on machinery and by seismologists for the way tectonic plates stick and slip to cause earthquakes. When you write on a blackboard and the chalk squeaks?  . When you drive a car slowly around a corner in a   parking garage and the tires squeal?  . In basketball, Shorten said, it “tends to happen when the foot first contacts the ground and when the shoe is lightly loaded and moving quite quickly. ” On the foot’s way to stopping, or to twisting or springing to the next step, the sole’s intricate designs stick, then slip, then stick. It might feel like an instant stop, but the rubber sole is designed for flexibility. Too much grip in basketball is jarring on the body, Nike’s Chang said. Not enough traction is dangerous, too. “I see the squeak as the perfect signal that you’ve got the right amount of slip and grip,” Chang said. That makes sense to Judit Puskas, a chemical engineering professor at the University of Akron who recently won the Charles Goodyear Medal for her expertise in rubber. She described the “magic triangle” of rubber technology  —   rolling resistance (its ability to slip) traction (stick) and wear. Changing one can impact the others. The quest is to find balance, whether in designing tires or basketball shoes or anything else with rubber components. “The sole makes sure you can stop, but also move quickly, which are two competing requirements,” Puskas said. “You want the rubber to stick enough that you can stop, but you don’t want to stick too much that you can’t move. ” The chirp signals balance, but it does not explain how the sound is produced  —   usually when a player makes a quick stop or a sideways cut. Greg McDaniel is an associate professor of mechanical engineering at Boston University, where he runs the sound and vibration laboratory. The basic rule for creating sound is compressing air, McDaniel said. “If you wave your hand through the air, you don’t hear it,” he said. “Why? Because you haven’t compressed air. The air sloshes around like water sloshes, and the air has enough time to get out of the way before you compress it. ” But in the tiny, vibrating spaces under and within a rubber sole, the air gets compressed. “That compressed air sucks in neighboring air, causing it to expand, and that expanding air compresses neighboring air, and you get this     ” McDaniel said. “That’s an acoustic wave. The rubber’s moving, and as it moves it is compressing air. And it compresses air at the same frequency of the vibrations. ” Shorten’s experiment tested two basketball shoes with herringbone designs, and they measured between 5 and 6 kilohertz  —   a   squeak at the high end of the spectrum for human hearing. The basketball hardwood creates not just the perfect frictional foil for rubber soles, but a surface that deflects sound so well that it can carry through an arena. The squeaks are such an ingrained part of basketball that Nike once created a commercial around them. But Nike has also designed shoes that barely made a sound. “It’s down to the geometry of the traction,” said Chang, who designs all the shoes for Kevin Durant, among others. “A lot of the herringbone and the more   of geometry tend to give you a little more squeak, versus the more nub,   of geometry, which tends not to. ” Midway through the N. B. A. finals last year, Cleveland’s LeBron James changed shoes to Nike’s Soldier 10. Its nubby sole design was virtually silent. Those discrepancies gave Patek, the Duke biologist, an idea. Could the squeaks be personalized, tuned so that each player had his or her own sound? McDaniel said that shoe sounds probably could be individualized (and probably already are, if unintentionally) but the frequency range of the squeaks is so narrow that they likely would sound the same to most listeners in the crowd. Until then, fans will just have to appreciate the squeaks for what they are: a persistent reminder that, for as much as the game evolves, there is one part of its tradition that will not be silenced.",0
3891,’F*ck the Police 2017’: Ice Cube Blasts Officers in New Song ’Good Cop Bad Cop’,"Police officers in the United States are   on brutalizing minorities, accuses Ice Cube in the latest single off of his Death Certificate: 25th Anniversary album. [The song “Good Cop Bad Cop” sees the California rapper paint the picture of   America as being filled with crooked cops targeting minorities, falsifying police reports, planting evidence, and doing anything they can to “send another young brother” to jail.  “Black Lives Matter, it’s not chit chatter. Cause all they wanna do is scatter brain matter. A mind is a terrible thing to waste. A nine is terrible in your face,” Cube raps. The political track sees Cube question if a “good cop” is “just a fantasy. ” The song’s hook also presents a racially charged scenario that sees the “black police showin’ out for the white cop” and the “white police showin’ out for the black cop. ” In an interview this week with Apple’s Beats 1 Radio host Zane Lowe, Cube described “Good Cop Bad Cop” as a   “F*ck tha Police 2017,” and explained why he decided to release the updated take on the controversial 1988 song. “We had done ‘F*ck tha Police’ so many years ago,” he said of the N. W. A. song. “With the emergence of Straight Outta Compton the movie, we realized that it’s still the same thing that’s going on. We needed a more    version of the community talking to the police and to the authorities. ” Despite how the song seems to broadly brand law enforcement officers as racist, Cube says it is an appeal “to the good cops to turn in the bad cops. ” “That’s the first line of defense for us is for good cops to get the bad apples out of the bunch. Because they’re sucking all the respect that police used to have is being sucked away by these bad apples,” he said. Last year, however, Cube said he would not stop performing the   enforcement song “F*ck tha Police. ” In that same Beats 1 Radio interview, Cube also said President Donald Trump’s policies are hurting poor people the same way George W. Bush’s did. “The same weight under a Trump Administration is starting to feel the same way as it did when daddy Bush was in the White House,” the rapper said. “It was the weight of all those policies geared against poor people who were trying to pull themselves up. I feel like that same attack is happening against the most poor and vulnerable people. That same ugliness is starting to rear its head again. ” Ice Cube is scheduled to appear on Friday’s episode of HBO’s Real Time as a replacement for Sen. Al Franken, who cancelled his appearance after host Bill Maher’s use of a racial slur on the show last week.   Follow Jerome Hudson on Twitter @jeromeehudson",0
3892,Comment on Easy Money is Dangerous Without Activist Fiscal Policy by a different chris,"37.0% 6.2% 
Lower interest rates are not the reasons why rates of return on retirement savings for most households are low. High fees, undiversified liquid portfolios, and low net-of-tax returns are contributing factors. The low returns are the result of the failed structure of individual-directed, commercially-managed 401(k) and IRA plans. Because individuals in the bottom 60 percent or so of households get little tax relief due to their low marginal tax rate, the retirement accounts for the households at the bottom of the income distribution can easily earn negative real returns after deductions for fees are taken into account [8] . 
2) Lower interest rates force employers to increase funding contributions to pay for defined pension plans [9] . If employers must increase contributions to fund promised liabilities such as pensions and retiree health care, funds dedicated to employee compensation shift to finance post-employment obligations. Increased pension contributions add to labor costs and shift total compensation away from wages. Aggregate spending or demand consists of spending by households, businesses, government, and foreigners: the most important source is households — two-thirds of aggregate demand comes from households. [10] Most income to households takes the form of wages and salaries. Though labor income to the bottom 90 percent of households has been stagnant for over 30 years, [11] increased pension contributions suppresses current aggregate demand even further — especially in the public sector, where pay has only increased by less than 5 percent in the recovery, and in which the overall employment figure is 500,000 less than it was before the recovery, and 2 million lower than what we would have if public sector employment kept up with population increases and the economy. There are fewer IRS agents per tax dollar collected; fewer teachers; and U.S. Postal Service employees are at 1964 levles. [12] . 
In short, increased employer contributions to defined-benefit pension plans – though vitally important to ensure promised pensions are paid, have the unfortunate side effect of reducing aggregate demand, further weakening the economy. The Wisconsin pension fund and CalPERS, after being nervous about the riskiness in their bond fund, are taking the bold move of lowering their interest rate assumptions. That sets the stage for negative economic feedback effect in our low growth environment — more taxes or lower benefits or both. [13] 
3) Lower returns on assets lowers household wealth. The negative wealth effect lowers current spending, and makes a weak economy even weaker. [14] Without activist fiscal policy to overcome the suppression in wealth and spending, the economy only weakens and forces interest rates down, continuing the cycle. 
4) Low interest rates immediately suppress the buying power of seniors. Though most seniors in America do not obtain income directly from financial accounts, many still do. [15] Without activist fiscal policy, household consumption will be further suppressed, further slowing the economy. 
5) Portfolio managers are tempted to take greater risks to reach their investment targets, which in turn creates asset inflation — the U.S. stock market is trading at multiples similar to 2007, and the Case Shiller index is at pre-2007. This leads to financial destabilization and increased volatility. 
Harvard professors Bo Becker and Victoria Ivashina [16] found evidence that large institutional investors, like pension funds and insurance companies that have to meet a specific return target, often reach for yield by buying assets that promise high returns because the riskiness is not well measured. 
Since low interest rates prompt investors to take on below-the-radar risk, the system as a whole is exposed to greater risk [17] because of feedback loops — as billions of dollars are plowed into risky bonds, the yields are driven even lower. “Reaching for yield” was a contributing factor to the financial crises of 2008. 
6) Low borrowing rates changes the relative price of capital over labor. Though substituting capital for labor because interest rates are low is not a practical problem for now – given the cash glut held by firms – low interest rates can encourage very low-value capital investment in the private sector. This is not a practical problem at present because firms are relatively uninterested in investing despite the low rates. But if the capital substitution occurs without an increase in demand, there will be labor displacement. 
Virtually every economist from the left or right is commenting on the failure of our collective will to borrow money in order to fund infrastructure when interest rates are so low. [18] The failure of Congress (and political leaders at the state and local level who can issue public debt) is the only cause of the increasing public-good deficit. The nation needs trillions of spending in infrastructure just to maintain the level of investment reached decades ago. [19] 
(A group of economists [20] are considering monetizing the debt [1] precisely because Congress won’t act to invest long term. If the regulatory legal structure can be changed, the next president may have to bypass Congress and buy bonds directly from state and local governments. Clearly, pension funds would benefit directly from the supply of high-yielding government bonds.) 
7) The banking community is organizing to point out that a low interest rate destroys the business model for banks. [21] 
###p[22] We know permanent austerity leads to profound risks of permanent stagnation, but what is underappreciated is how household, investment and government reactions to the blunt, non-precise, and somewhat crude tool of permanent low interest rates will combine to cause enduring damage to the economy. Investors, especially institutional investors such as pension funds, should rise up and demand the combination of higher rates and the swift end of permanent austerity with bold public spending. 
Endnotes",0
3893,"FULL SPEECH: Theresa May Hails Globalism, Calls for Action on Climate Change","British Prime Minister Theresa May used her speech in Philadelphia today to warn over climate change, call Islam a religion of peace, and hail globalist institutions such as the World Bank and United Nations. [The full text of the speech follows:     Majority Leader McConnell, Mr Speaker, Distinguished Members of the Senate and Representatives of the House. I would like to thank Congress and the Congressional Institute for the invitation to be here today. The opportunity to visit the United States is always special. And to be invited to be the first serving Head of Government to address this important conference is an honour indeed. I defy any person to travel to this great country at any time and not to be inspired by its promise and its example. For more than two centuries, the very idea of America  —   drawn from history and given written form in a small hall not far from here  —   has lit up the world. That idea  —   that all are created equal and that all are born free  —   has never been surpassed in the long history of political thought. And it is here  —   on the streets and in the halls of this great city of Philadelphia  —   that the founding fathers first set it down, that the textbook of freedom was written, and that this great nation that grew “from sea to shining sea” was born. Since that day, it has been America’s destiny to bear the leadership of the free world and to carry that heavy responsibility on its shoulders. But my country, the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland, has been proud to share that burden and to walk alongside you at every stage. For the past century, Britain and America  —   and the unique and special relationship that exists between us  —   have taken the idea conceived by those “     ordinary citizens” as President Reagan called them, forward. And because we have done so, time and again it is the relationship between us that has defined the modern world. One hundred years ago this April, it was your intervention in the First World War that helped Britain, France, our friends in the Commonwealth and other allies to maintain freedom in Europe. A little more than   years ago, you responded to the Japanese attack on Pearl Harbour by joining Britain in the Second World War and defeating fascism not just in the Pacific but in Africa and Europe too. And later, in the aftermath of these wars, our two countries led the West through the Cold War, confronting communism and ultimately defeating it not just through military might, but by winning the war of ideas. And by proving that open, liberal, democratic societies will always defeat those that are closed, coercive and cruel. But the leadership provided by our two countries through the Special Relationship has done more than win wars and overcome adversity. It made the modern world. The institutions upon which that world relies were so often conceived or inspired by our two nations working together. The United Nations  —   in need of reform, but vital still  —   has its foundations in the Special Relationship, from the original Declaration of St James’ Palace to the Declaration by United Nations, signed in Washington, and drafted themselves by Winston Churchill and President Franklin Delano Roosevelt. The World Bank and International Monetary Fund, born in the   world at Bretton Woods, were conceived by our two nations working together. And NATO  —   the cornerstone of the West’s defence  —   was established on the bonds of trust and mutual interests that exist between us. Some of these organisations are in need of reform and renewal to make them relevant to our needs today. But we should be proud of the role our two nations  —   working in partnership  —   played in bringing them into being, and in bringing peace and prosperity to billions of people as a result. Because it is through our actions over many years, working together to defeat evil or to open up the world, that we have been able to fulfil the promise of those who first spoke of the special nature of the relationship between us. The promise of freedom, liberty and the rights of man. “We must never cease” Churchill said, “to proclaim in fearless tones the great principles of freedom and the rights of man which are the joint inheritance of the   world and which through Magna Carta, the Bill of Rights, the Habeas Corpus, trial by jury, and the English common law, find their most famous expression in the American Declaration of Independence”. So it is my honour and my privilege to stand before you today in this great city of Philadelphia to proclaim them again, to join hands as we pick up that mantle of leadership once more, to renew our Special Relationship and to recommit ourselves to the responsibility of leadership in the modern world. CHANGE IN AMERICA, And it is my honour and privilege to do so at this time, as dawn breaks on a new era of American renewal. For I speak to you not just as Prime Minister of the United Kingdom, but as a fellow Conservative who believes in the same principles that underpin the agenda of your Party. The value of liberty. The dignity of work. The principles of nationhood, family, economic prudence, patriotism  —   and putting power in the hands of the people. Principles instilled in me from a young age. Principles that my parents taught me in the vicarage in Southern England in which I was raised. I know that it is these principles that you have put at the heart of your plan for government. And your victory in these elections gives you the opportunity to put them at the heart of this new era of American renewal too. President Trump’s victory  —   achieved in defiance of all the pundits and the polls  —   and rooted not in the corridors of Washington, but in the hopes and aspirations of working men and women across this land. Your Party’s victory in both the Congress and the Senate where you swept all before you, secured with great effort, and achieved with an important message of national renewal. And because of this  —   because of what you have done together, because of that great victory you have won  —   America can be stronger, greater, and more confident in the years ahead. CHANGE IN BRITAIN, And a newly emboldened, confident America is good for the world. An America that is strong and prosperous at home is a nation that can lead abroad. But you cannot  —   and should not  —   do so alone. You have said that it is time for others to step up. And I agree. Sovereign countries cannot outsource their security and prosperity to America. And they should not undermine the alliances that keep us strong by failing to step up and play their part. This is something Britain has always understood. It is why Britain is the only country in the G20  —   other than yours  —   to meet its commitment to spend 2% of GDP on defence, and to invest 20% of that in upgrading equipment. It is why Britain is the only country in the G20 to spend 0. 7% of gross national income on overseas development. It is why my first act as Prime Minister last year was to lead the debate in Parliament that ensured the renewal of Britain’s independent nuclear deterrent. And it is why the Government I lead will increase spending on defence in every year of this Parliament. It is why Britain is a leading member  —   alongside the United States  —   of the coalition working successfully to defeat Daesh why we have agreed to send 800 troops to Estonia and Poland as part of NATO’s forward presence in eastern Europe why we are increasing our troop contribution to NATO’s Resolute Support mission that defends the Afghan government from terrorism and it is why we are reinforcing our commitment to peacekeeping operations in Kosovo, South Sudan and Somalia. And it is why Britain is leading the way in pioneering international efforts to crack down on modern slavery  —   one of the great scourges of our world  —   wherever it is found. I hope you will join us in that cause  —   and I commend Senator Corker in particular for his work in this field. It is good to see him here today. As Americans know, the United Kingdom is by instinct and history a great, global nation that recognises its responsibilities to the world. And as we end our membership of the European Union  —   as the British people voted with determination and quiet resolve to do last year  —   we have the opportunity to reassert our belief in a confident, sovereign and Global Britain, ready to build relationships with old friends and new allies alike. We will build a new partnership with our friends in Europe. We are not turning our back on them, or on the interests and the values that we share. It remains overwhelmingly in our interests  —   and in those of the wider world  —   that the EU should succeed. And for as long as we remain members we will continue to play our full part, just as we will continue to cooperate on security, foreign policy and trade once we have left. But we have chosen a different future for our country. A future that sees us restore our parliamentary sovereignty and national   and to become even more global and internationalist in action and in spirit. A future that sees us take back control of the things that matter to us  —   things like our national borders and immigration policy, and the way we decide and interpret our own laws  —   so that we are able to shape a better, more prosperous future for the working men and women of Britain. A future that sees us step up with confidence to a new, even more internationalist role, where we meet our responsibilities to our friends and allies, champion the international cooperation and partnerships that project our values around the world, and continue to act as one of the strongest and most forceful advocates for business, free markets and free trade anywhere around the globe. This is a vision of a future that my country can unite around  —   and that I hope your country, as our closest friend and ally, can welcome and support. A RENEWED SPECIAL RELATIONSHIP, So as we rediscover our confidence together  —   as you renew your nation just as we renew ours  —   we have the opportunity  —   indeed the responsibility  —   to renew the Special Relationship for this new age. We have the opportunity to lead, together, again. Because the world is passing through a period of change  —   and in response to that change we can either be passive bystanders, or we can take the opportunity once more to lead. And to lead together. I believe it is in our national interest to do so. Because the world is increasingly marked by instability and threats that threaten to undermine our way of life and the very things that we hold dear. The end of the Cold War did not give rise to a New World Order. It did not herald the End of History. It did not lead to a new age of peace, prosperity and predictability in world affairs. For some  —   the citizens of Central and Eastern Europe in particular  —   it brought new freedom. But across the world, ancient ethnic, religious and national rivalries  —   rivalries that had been frozen through the decades of the Cold War  —   returned. New enemies of the West and our values  —   in particular in the form of Radical Islamists  —   have emerged. And countries with little tradition of democracy, liberty and human rights  —   notably China and Russia  —   have grown more assertive in world affairs. The rise of the Asian economies  —   China yes, but democratic allies like India too  —   is hugely welcome. Billions are being lifted out of poverty and new markets for our industries are opening up. But these events  —   coming as they have at the same time as the financial crisis and its fall out, as well as a loss of confidence in the West following   the military interventions in Iraq and Afghanistan, and sporadic terrorist attacks  —   have led many to fear that, in this century, we will experience the eclipse of the West. But there is nothing inevitable about that. Other countries may grow stronger. Big, populous countries may grow richer. And as they do so, they may start to embrace more fully our values of democracy and liberty. But even if they do not, our interests will remain. Our values will endure. And the need to defend them and project them will be as important as ever. So we  —   our two countries together  —   have a joint responsibility to lead. Because when others step up as we step back, it is bad for America, for Britain and the world. It is in our interests  —   those of Britain and America together  —   to stand strong together to defend our values, our interests and the very ideas in which we believe. This cannot mean a return to the failed policies of the past. The days of Britain and America intervening in sovereign countries in an attempt to remake the world in our own image are over. But nor can we afford to stand idly by when the threat is real and when it is in our own interests to intervene. We must be strong, smart and  . And we must demonstrate the resolve necessary to stand up for our interests. And whether it is the security of Israel in the Middle East or Estonia in the Baltic states, we must always stand up for our friends and allies in democratic countries that find themselves in tough neighbourhoods too. We each have different political traditions. We will sometimes pursue different domestic policies. And there may be occasions on which we disagree. But the common values and interests that bring us together are hugely powerful. And  —   as your foremost friend and ally  —   we support many of the priorities your government has laid out for America’s engagement with the world. It is why I join you in your determination to take on and defeat Daesh and the ideology of Islamic extremism that inspires them and many others terrorist groups in the world today. It is in both of our national interests to do so. This will require us to use the intelligence provided by the finest security agencies in the world. And it will require the use of military might. But it also demands a wider effort. Because one of the lessons of fighting terrorism in the last 15 years or so is yes, killing terrorists can save innocent lives. But until we kill the idea that drives them, the ideology, we will always have to live with this threat. And as they are defeated on the ground, the terrorists are exploiting the internet and social media to spread this ideology that is preying on vulnerable citizens in our own countries, inspiring them to commit acts of terror in our own cities. That is why the UK has led the world in developing a strategy for preventing violent extremism, and why the British and American governments are working together to take on and defeat the ideology of Islamist Extremism. I look forward to working with the President and his Administration to step up our efforts still further in order to defeat this evil ideology. But of course, we should always be careful to distinguish between this extreme and hateful ideology, and the peaceful religion of Islam and the hundreds of millions of its adherents  —   including millions of our own citizens and those further afield who are so often the first victims of this ideology’s terror. And nor is it enough merely to focus on violent extremism. We need to address the whole spectrum of extremism, starting with the bigotry and hatred that can so often turn to violence. Yet ultimately to defeat Daesh, we must employ all of the diplomatic means at our disposal. That means working internationally to secure a political solution in Syria and challenging the alliance between the Syrian regime and its backers in Tehran. When it comes to Russia, as so often it is wise to turn to the example of President Reagan who  —   during negotiations with his opposite number Mikhail Gorbachev  —   used to abide by the adage “trust but verify”. With President Putin, my advice is to “engage but beware”. There is nothing inevitable about conflict between Russia and the West. And nothing unavoidable about retreating to the days of the Cold War. But we should engage with Russia from a position of strength. And we should build the relationships, systems and processes that make cooperation more likely than conflict  —   and that, particularly after the illegal annexation of Crimea, give assurance to Russia’s neighbouring states that their security is not in question. We should not jeopardise the freedoms that President Reagan and Mrs Thatcher brought to Eastern Europe by accepting President Putin’s claim that it is now in his sphere of influence. And progress on this issue would also help to secure another of this nation’s priorities  —   to reduce Iran’s malign influence in the Middle East. This is a priority for the UK too as we support our allies in the Gulf States to push back against Iran’s aggressive efforts to build an arc of influence from Tehran through to the Mediterranean. The nuclear deal with Iran was controversial. But it has neutralised the possibility of the Iranians acquiring nuclear weapons for more than a decade. It has seen Iran remove 13, 000 centrifuges together with associated infrastructure and eliminate its stock of 20% enriched uranium. That was vitally important for regional security. But the agreement must now be very carefully and rigorously policed  —   and any breaches should be dealt with firmly and immediately. STRONG INSTITUTIONS AND NATIONS, To deal with the threats of the modern world, we need to rebuild confidence in the institutions upon which we all rely. In part that means multinational institutions. Because we know that so many of the threats we face today  —   global terrorism, climate change, and unprecedented mass movements of people  —   do not respect national borders. So we must turn towards those multinational institutions like the UN and NATO that encourage international cooperation and partnership. But those multinational institutions need to work for the countries that formed them, and to serve the needs and interests of the people of those nations. They have no democratic mandate of their own. So I share your reform agenda and believe that, by working together, we can make those institutions more relevant and purposeful than they are today. I call on others, therefore, to join us in that effort and to ensure they step up and contribute as they should. That is why I have encouraged Antonio Guterres, the new UN Secretary General, to pursue an ambitious reform programme, focusing the United Nations on its core functions of peacekeeping, conflict prevention and resolution. And it is why I have already raised with my fellow European leaders the need to deliver on their commitments to spend 2% of their GDP on defence  —   and 20% of their defence budgets on equipment. It is also why I have already raised with Jens Stoltenberg  —   the Secretary General of NATO  —   the need to make sure the Alliance is as equipped to fight terrorism and cyber warfare, as it is to fight more conventional forms of war. America’s leadership role in NATO  —   supported by Britain  —   must be the central element around which the Alliance is built. But alongside this continued commitment, I am also clear that EU nations must similarly step up to ensure this institution that provides the cornerstone of the West’s defence continues to be as effective as it can be. Yet the most important institution is  —   and should always be  —   the nation state. Strong nations form strong institutions. And they form the basis of the international partnerships and cooperation that bring stability to our world. Nations, accountable to their populations  —   “deriving” as the Declaration of Independence puts it “their just powers from the consent of the governed”  —   can choose to join international organisations, or not. They can choose to cooperate with others, or not. Choose to trade with others, or not. Which is why if the countries of the European Union wish to integrate further, my view is that they should be free to do so. Because that is what they choose. But Britain  —   as a sovereign nation with the same values but a different political and cultural history  —   has chosen to take a different path. Because our history and culture is profoundly internationalist. We are a European country  —   and proud of our shared European heritage  —   but we are also a country that has always looked beyond Europe to the wider world. We have ties of family, kinship and history to countries like India, Pakistan, Bangladesh, Australia, Canada, New Zealand, and countries across Africa, the Pacific and Caribbean. And of course, we have ties of kinship, language and culture to these United States too. As Churchill put it, we “speak the same language, kneel at the same altars and, to a very large extent, pursue the same ideals”. And, today, increasingly we have strong economic, commercial, defence and political relationships as well. So I am delighted that the new Administration has made a trade agreement between our countries one of its earliest priorities. A new trade deal between Britain and America must work for both sides and serve both of our national interests. It must help to grow our respective economies and to provide the     jobs of the future for working people across America and across the UK. And it must work for those who have too often felt left behind by the forces of globalisation. People, often those on modest incomes living in relatively rich countries like our own, who feel that the global system of free markets and free trade is simply not working for them in its current form. Such a deal  —   allied to the reforms we are making to our own economy to ensure wealth and opportunity is spread across our land  —   can demonstrate to those who feel locked out and left behind that free markets, free economies and free trade can deliver the brighter future they need. And it can maintain  —   indeed it can build  —   support for the   international system on which the stability of our world continues to rely. The UK is already America’s fifth largest export destination, while your markets account for almost a fifth of global exports from our shores. Exports to the UK from this State of Pennsylvania alone account for more than $2 billion a year. The UK is the largest market in the EU  —   and the third largest market in the world  —   for exporters here. America is the largest single destination for UK outward investment and the single largest investor in the UK. And your companies are investing or expanding in the UK at a rate of more than ten projects a week. British companies employ people in every US state from Texas to Vermont. And the   Defence relationship is the broadest, deepest and most advanced of any two countries, sharing military hardware and expertise. And of course, we have recently invested in the new   strike aircraft for our new aircraft carriers that will secure our naval presence  —   and increase our ability to project our power around the world  —   for years to come. Because of these strong economic and commercial links  —   and our shared history and the strength of our relationship  —   I look forward to pursuing talks with the new Administration about a new   Free Trade Agreement in the coming months. It will take detailed work, but we welcome your openness to those discussions and hope we can make progress so that the new, Global Britain that emerges after Brexit is even better equipped to take its place confidently in the world. CONCLUSION, Such an agreement would see us taking that next step in the special relationship that exists between us. Cementing and affirming one of the greatest forces for progress this world has ever known. Seventy years ago in 1946, Churchill proposed a new phase in this relationship  —   to win a Cold War that many had not even realised had started. He described how an iron curtain had fallen from the Baltic to the Adriatic, covering all the capitals of the ancient states of Central and Eastern Europe: Warsaw, Berlin, Prague, Vienna, Budapest, Belgrade, Sofia and Bucharest. Today those great cities  —   homes of great culture and heritage  —   live in freedom and peace. And they do so because of the leadership of Britain and America, and of Mrs Thatcher and President Reagan. They do so  —   ultimately  —   because our ideas will always prevail. And they do so because, when the world demands leadership, it is this alliance of values and interests  —   this Special Relationship between two countries  —   that, to borrow the words of another great American statesman, enters the arena, with our faces marred by dust and sweat and blood, to strive valiantly and know the triumph of high achievement. As we renew the promise of our nations to make them stronger at home  —   in the words of President Reagan as the “sleeping giant stirs”  —   so let us renew the relationship that can lead the world towards the promise of freedom and prosperity marked out in parchment by those ordinary citizens 240 years ago. So that we may not be counted with the “cold and timid souls who know neither victory or defeat” but with those who “strive to do the deeds” that will lead us to a better world. That better future is within reach. Together, we can build it.",0
3894,Dilma Rousseff of Brazil Says She Won’t Be Silenced in Impeachment Trial - The New York Times,"BRASÍLIA  —   Brazil’s suspended president, Dilma Rousseff, took the stand on Monday at her impeachment trial in the Senate, delivering a   defense to prevent her final removal from office. “Don’t expect from me the obliging silence of cowards,” Ms. Rousseff, 68, said in a withering attack on her opponents at the start of her testimony. She argued that she was innocent of the charges against her  —   that she manipulated the federal budget to mask the extent of Brazil’s economic problems  —   and described herself as the victim of a conspiracy to oust her. Reflecting the rising sense of divisiveness in the country, protests against Ms. Rousseff’s ouster emerged in various cities as she took the stand. Demonstrators shut down parts of Avenida Paulista, one of São Paulo’s main thoroughfares, as Ms. Rousseff was grilled by senators on Monday night. The vote on whether to convict Ms. Rousseff, who was suspended from office in May, is expected as early as Tuesday or Wednesday. Her opponents need   of the   Senate, or 54 votes, to convict her. If she loses the vote, as is widely expected, Michel Temer, the interim president and former vice president, will be president until the end of the current term in 2018. Ms. Rousseff compared her plight to those of other Brazilian presidents hounded by their opponents, including João Goulart, a leftist toppled in a military coup in 1964 that opened the way for a   dictatorship. In her testimony, she also compared the impeachment effort to the suffering she endured in her youth, when agents from the dictatorship arrested her for her involvement in an urban guerrilla group. She was repeatedly tortured while she was imprisoned in the early 1970s. Ms. Rousseff said the impeachment proceedings amounted to a new type of coup, evoking the rupturing of Brazilian democracy in the 1960s. Responding to that assertion, Senator Ana Amélia Lemos, an opponent of Ms. Rousseff’s, expressed respect for the leader’s personal history. But Ms. Lemos also insisted that Ms. Rousseff had broken the law by manipulating the budget to conceal mounting economic problems. “We’re not here to judge your biography, but rather the actions practiced in your government,” Ms. Lemos said. Ms. Rousseff contended that she had done nothing illegal. “If the political contract with the people is broken, then any contract can be broken,” Ms. Rousseff said, arguing that her ouster would heighten the risks of investing in a country where presidents can be toppled with ease. Of the four Brazilian presidents elected to office since democracy was reestablished in the 1980s, she is the second to face impeachment. In 1992, Fernando Collor de Mello resigned before the Senate could convict him on corruption charges. Mr. Collor de Mello resurrected his political career and is among the senators trying Ms. Rousseff, despite being under investigation over claims of pocketing huge bribes in the graft scandal around the national oil company, Petrobras. Ms. Rousseff alluded to the fact that she remains rare among major Brazilian political figures: She has not been accused of illegally enriching herself, in contrast to a broad array of legislators seeking her ouster. “This process,” she said, “has been marked from start to finish by a blatant misappropriation of power. ”",0
3895,Poll Finds Voters in Both Parties Unhappy With Their Candidates - The New York Times,"On the eve of the major party conventions, voters are grudgingly rallying around the nominees while expressing broad misgivings about the candidates, the campaign and the direction of the country, according to the latest New York   News Poll. More than a third of Republicans say they are disappointed or upset that Donald J. Trump, who crashed the party’s nominating process, will represent them in the fall campaign an equal number say he does not represent the values the party should stand for. Democrats are only marginally happier with Hillary Clinton as their party’s candidate. A quarter of Democratic voters say they are disappointed in her as the nominee an additional seven percent say they are upset. More promisingly for her,   say Mrs. Clinton stands for the core values and principles of the Democratic Party. The broad discontent is reflected in the    contest, which has Mr. Trump and Mrs. Clinton tied at 40 percent. Mr. Trump’s standing has held steady for weeks at around 40 percentage points, while Mrs. Clinton has polled in the   in most public surveys. The latest   News Poll was conducted after the F. B. I. rebuked her for her email practices but before Bernie Sanders, her persistent primary rival, embraced and endorsed her this week. So the dip in her standing could be temporary and reverse sharply if the Democrats, who are far more united as a party than the Republicans, pull off a successful convention in Philadelphia. In a development not seen in any modern presidential contest, more than half of all voters hold unfavorable views of the two major party candidates and large majorities say neither is honest and trustworthy. Only half of voters say Mrs. Clinton is prepared to be president, while an astonishing   say that Mr. Trump is not ready for the job  —   including four in 10 Republicans. Peter Lieb, 54, a middle school history teacher in West Palm Beach, Fla. voted for Gov. John Kasich of Ohio in the Florida primary and said in a   interview that he was only reluctantly planning to vote for Mr. Trump in November. Why Mr. Trump? “Honestly?” Mr. Lieb said. “Last man standing. ” “I am not a   supporter of Donald Trump, but given the alternatives that I’m presented with, he is the best person for the task at hand,” he said. “And the task at hand in my opinion is regaining economic stability and regaining America’s stature in the world. I don’t see Hillary Clinton doing a constructive job in either. ” The nationwide poll was conducted July   on cellphones and landlines among 1, 358 registered voters. The margin of sampling error is plus or minus three percentage points for all voters. Preconvention polls are often erratic, and political analysts and campaign managers put more stock in polls taken after both parties have formally nominated their candidates. And national polls, while useful as a gauge of broad sentiment, are less reliable than state polls in predicting the ultimate outcome. Mrs. Clinton enjoys strong advantages in many of the swing states she will need to secure victory in the Electoral College. Mrs. Clinton still leads in averages of recent polls, though her margin has narrowed since late June. The latest   News poll could be an indication of an even tighter race. Yet Mr. Trump has not led a national poll that meets The Times’s polling standards since   just after he won enough delegates to secure the Republican nomination. While the race may be narrow, the gloom appears broad. Rachel Woolard, 20, of Jacksonville, Fla. supported Mr. Sanders in the primary but now says she will, with misgivings, probably vote for Mrs. Clinton. “Bernie seemed to be more transparent than her,” said Ms. Woolard, a college student. “She definitely has the stereotypical politician approach to things, so that makes her feel a little disingenuous. ” Ms. Woolard is not yet fully committed to voting for Mrs. Clinton. But she knows whom she is voting against. “I know for a fact that I’m not voting for Trump. ” Laura Schrock, 36, a homemaker and political independent in Greenwood, Del. said she will not vote for Mr. Trump or Mrs. Clinton. “At this point, the plan is to vote for the Libertarian candidate,” she said, referring to Gary Johnson. “I highly value being real and being very honest. And I’m just not getting that from either one. ” In a   contest, Mr. Johnson has 12 percent, while Mr. Trump and Mrs. Clinton are tied with 36 percent. Republicans and Democrats are divided by more than political philosophy and their choice of presidential candidates. They hold very different views of the state of the nation, the   News poll found. For example: ■ 86 percent of Trump supporters disapprove of the job President Obama is doing 90 percent of Clinton backers approve. ■ More than nine in 10 Trump supporters say the country is on the wrong track fewer than half of Clinton supporters agree. ■ About   of Trump supporters favor building a wall along the Mexican border only 13 percent of Clinton’s backers do so. ■ Four of five Trump supporters do not like the way the nation’s values are changing only about half as many Clinton supporters agree. Voters of all persuasions share one sentiment, however. Six in 10 Republicans, Democrats and independents say they are not looking forward to the next few months of the campaign.",0
3896,"Knife-Wielding Man Shot After Pepper Spray Fails to Subdue Him, Police Say - The New York Times","A man wielding a footlong kitchen knife was shot by a police officer in the Bronx this week after the man refused to drop the weapon and could not be subdued with pepper spray, the authorities said. The man, Shamel Jones, 19, was taken into custody after the shooting on Wednesday and rushed to Lincoln Hospital, where he remained in critical condition on Thursday, the police said. He was expected to recover. Officers from the 41st Precinct responded to an emergency call for a “” police jargon for an assault, at Tiffany Street and Westchester Avenue in the Foxhurst neighborhood, said Assistant Chief Larry Nikunen, the commanding officer of the Bronx patrol borough. A woman, who had visible bruises around the eyes and on the forehead, flagged down the officers when they arrived and told them her boyfriend had beaten her, Chief Nikunen said. On a canvass with the officers, the woman pointed out the suspect a few blocks away. He fled into an apartment building on Intervale Avenue when they tried to approach him, Chief Nikunen said. The officers, three patrolmen and a lieutenant, pursued the man to the third floor, where they were let inside the apartment by another man, Chief Nikunen said. They found the suspect in the kitchen holding a knife and ordered him to drop it. When he refused, Chief Nikunen said, a lieutenant used pepper spray on him. But the suspect was not affected, the police said, and he moved toward the officers, prompting one of them to fire a single shot from his service weapon. The bullet struck the suspect on the left side of his lower back, Chief Nikunen said. After the shooting, the police released a photo of the knife and said it had a   blade. Chief Nikunen said the police received a second 911 call from someone inside the apartment who backed the officers’ account of what happened. He said he did not know if that person witnessed the shooting.",0
3897,"Scott Uehlinger: Susan Rice Unmasking ‘Abuse of Power’ Violates ‘Spirit of the Law,’ Should Be ‘Further Investigated’","Former CIA operations officer Scott Uehlinger,   of The Station Chief podcast, talked about the Susan Rice “unmasking” story with SiriusXM host Raheem Kassam on Tuesday’s Breitbart News Daily. [“I think it’s an issue which deeply concerns people like myself and other people,   officers in the intel community,” Uehlinger said. “Even though at this point, there seems to be no evidence of breaking the law, this ‘unmasking’ of people was   at best. I think it really shows that abuse of power and the fact that many people in the Obama administration were willing to violate the spirit of the laws designed to protect Americans, perhaps rather than the law itself. ”  LISTEN: “As a   CIA officer, we were always told by upper authority, you’re always told to  —   and the quote is  —   ‘avoid the appearance of impropriety,’” he said. “Well, this does not pass that smell test, definitely. ” Uehlinger said another thing that concerns   officers in the intelligence and military communities is “the American people, average Americans like myself, are tired of seeing two sets of rules followed by the   and then the   people. ” “This is just part of that again. A   officer would have gotten into big trouble doing anything remotely like this,” he observed. “But now, we have a lot of people saying that she should just be given a pass. ” “While I understand, you know, it’s important that the Trump administration has to move forward with its domestic agenda, but these allegations demand to be further investigated,” he urged. Kassam proposed that Democrats and their media would not allow the Trump administration to move forward with any part of its agenda until this “Russia hysteria” is cleaned up. That will be a difficult task since, as Kassam noted, the hysteria has been burning at fever pitch for months without a shred of evidence to back up the wildest allegations. Uehlinger agreed and addressed Kassam’s point that media coverage alternates between “no surveillance was conducted” and “we know everything about Trump’s Russia connections. ” “The Obama administration relaxed the rule that allowed raw intelligence that was gathered by the NSA to be shared throughout the government,” he pointed out. “First of all, to relax that, there is absolutely no operational justification for doing that. With all of the   problems, with espionage, with Snowden, all these things we’ve had, to raise by an order of magnitude the access to this very sensitive information makes no operational sense at all. ”  “So for someone to approve that, it’s clear they had another intent, and I believe the intent was to allow for further leakage,” he charged. “To give more people access, thus more leaks, which, in fact, would hurt the Trump administration. It seems very obvious when you put that together and combine it with the actions of Susan Rice and other people in unmasking people. That is the true purpose behind this. ”  “I say this as somebody who  —   you have to remember, when I was a station chief overseas, this is what I was reporting on. I was in countries like Azerbaijan, Tajikistan, Kosovo  —   countries which constantly had the offices of the prime minister or president using the intelligence services to suppress the domestic opposition. So I’ve been to this rodeo before, many a time. I saw the storm clouds gathering several weeks ago, and everything I’ve suspected has so far come to fruition,” Uehlinger said. He pronounced it “very disappointing” that such transparent abuse of government power for partisan politics would occur in the United States. “An intelligence service has to have the trust of the people and the government in order to function effectively,” he said. “With all of these scandals happening, and with the name of perhaps the CIA and other intelligence community elements in the mud, this makes the object of protecting our national security more problematic. The agencies have to have the trust of the American people, and they’re losing it, because it seems as though they’ve been weaponized  —    perhaps, like I said, not breaking the law but playing very close to the line. ” Kassam suggested that leaking the information might have been illegal, even if Rice was legally entitled to request information on Donald Trump’s campaign and unmask the U. S. persons monitored during surveillance of foreign intelligence targets. “That’s absolutely the case,” Uehlinger agreed. He went on to argue that the absence of hard evidence for any wrongdoing by the Trump campaign in all of these leaks was highly significant. “Since basically the Obama administration has sort of loaded this with these rule changes and all to allow for leaks the fact that there is no ‘smoking gun’ of Trump administration collusion with Russia indicates that there isn’t any. There is nothing substantial here because a juicy morsel like that would certainly have been leaked by the same people that have been leaking everything else. The fact it hasn’t been leaked out means it does not exist,” he reasoned. Kassam said some of the Russia hysteria came from imputing sinister motives to conventional business dealings, arguing that Trump’s organization made deals around the world, and it is exceedingly difficult to do business with any Russian entity that is not somehow connected to the Russian government. “That’s an excellent point. You’re absolutely right,” Uehlinger responded. “It shows these people who are doing these gambits are relying on the relative ignorance of the American public of the actual nuts and bolts of intelligence to make their point. Anyone with any background in this stuff can see it for what it is: a desperate attempt to discredit an administration because they were crushed in the past elections. ” Breitbart News Daily airs on SiriusXM Patriot 125 weekdays from 6:00 a. m. to 9:00 a. m. Eastern. Listen to the complete audio of the interview above.",0
3898,Megyn Kelly Scores One-On-One Interview with Vladimir Putin,"NBC’s Megyn Kelly will sit down for a    interview with Russian president Vladimir Putin and will air the exchange during this weekend’s premiere of her newsmagazine show Sunday Night with Megyn Kelly. [The former Fox News star anchor, who moved to NBC in January, announced the exclusive interview during her first live   report for her new network Thursday morning.  WATCH: Vladimir Putin has agreed to sit for a    interview with @megynkelly following the International Economic Forum pic. twitter.   —   TODAY (@TODAYshow) June 1, 2017,  “This will be the first time he’ll be taking questions from an American journalist since the special council was appointed in the United States to look into allegations of Russian interference in our election,” Kelly said in a brief guest appearance on NBC’s Today. Just learned this morning Vladimir Putin will sit down    with me tomorrow after the forum. Exclusive interview Sunday   on NBC pic. twitter.   —   Megyn Kelly (@megynkelly) June 1, 2017,  Putin has flatly denied that the Russian government was behind hacks meant to influence the outcome of the 2016 U. S. presidential election. At an international economics forum in St. Petersburg Thursday, Putin said it was possible that individual “ ” Russians had staged cyber attacks on their own to combat enemies of the country. Kelly is set to moderate a panel at the economics forum in St. Petersburg Friday, in which Putin will also participate. In April, the New York Post‘s Page Six reported that NBC News chairman Andy Lack had traveled to Russia in an attempt to score the   interview with Putin, though early reports suggested the interview could go to another NBC personality like Lester Holt or Matt Lauer. Sunday Night with Megyn Kelly premieres June 4 at 7 p. m. ET.   Follow Daniel Nussbaum on Twitter: @dznussbaum",0
3899,Spicer: ’I Can’t Imagine a Stable and Peaceful Syria Where Bashar al-Assad Is in Power’ - Breitbart,"Monday at the White House press briefing, Press Secretary Sean Spicer said he could not “imagine a stable and peaceful Syria” where President Bashar   remained in power.  Partial transcript as follows: REPORTER: President Trump has spoken out extensively about the crimes of Bashar   in Syria. Does the President consider Assad a war criminal and does he believe eventually Assad should eventually appear before the ICC? SPICER: I think right now the focus is twofold. One is defeating ISIS and the second is creating the political environment necessary for the Syrian people to have new leadership there. I don’t think there is  —   I can’t imagine a stable and peaceful Syria where Bashar   is in power. I think we all recognize that happens and there can be a multipronged approach. We are ensuring that ISIS is contained and there is a   of the proliferation of chemical weapons and at the same time creating the environment for a change in leadership. Follow Pam Key on Twitter @pamkeyNEN",0
3902,More Differences Between The Pretribulation Rapture And The Second Coming Of Jesus Christ,"NTEB Ads Privacy Policy More Differences Between The Pretribulation Rapture And The Second Coming Of Jesus Christ There are so who ignorantly assert that the doctrine of the Pretribulation Rapture of the Church was ""unknown before John Nelson Darby taught it"". I say ""ignorant"" because people make comments like these seemingly unaware that there are recorded accounts of it being taught all the way back to the 4th century AD. by Geoffrey Grider November 21, 2016 The doctrine of the Pretribulation Rapture appears over and over again, in both Old and New Testaments. Take Enoch for example. 
“For the Lord himself shall descend from heaven with a shout, with the voice of the archangel, and with the trump of God: and the dead in Christ shall rise first: Then we which are alive and remain shall be caught up together with them in the clouds, to meet the Lord in the air: and so shall we ever be with the Lord.” 1 Thessalonians 4:16,17 (KJV) 
For a reason that eludes me , the Bible doctrine of the Pretribulation Rapture of the Church of Jesus Christ is a highly-despised subject in these Laodicean times we find ourselves in. Perhaps one of the reasons why it is so hated is because so many preachers stopped preaching on it years ago, because the idea of trying to live your life with a daily expectation of Jesus’ return is unpalatable to so many. Yet, the doctrine of the Pretribulation Rapture appears over and over again, in both Old and New Testaments. Take Enoch for example. 
“And all the days of Enoch were three hundred sixty and five years: And Enoch walked with God: and he was not; for God took him.” Genesis 5:23,24 (KJV) Enoch is a type of the gentile believer raptured out before the time of Jacob’s trouble 
Who was Enoch? Glad you asked, Enoch was a gentile believer and follower of God. The Bible says that Enoch’s walk with the Lord was a really good one, and one day out of the clear blue, God raptured old Enoch up and out of this world, and translated him straight to the throne room of Heaven. Just a few verses later we read about the Flood of Noah, a type of the Great Tribulation which came upon the Earth. Something else about Enoch, he was also a street preacher who preached Jesus to lost people. 
“And Enoch also, the seventh from Adam, prophesied of these, saying, Behold, the Lord cometh with ten thousands of his saints, To execute judgment upon all, and to convince all that are ungodly among them of all their ungodly deeds which they have ungodly committed, and of all their hard speeches which ungodly sinners have spoken against him.” Jude 1:14,15 (KJV) 
So, in type, we see the Pretribulation Rapture and the time of Jacob’s trouble happening thousands of years before the coming time when those events will take place in real time, and not just in typology. In the New Testament, the apostle John is taken up to Heaven in yet another type of the Rapture. On the Last Times, the Antichrist, and the End of the World 
There are so who ignorantly assert that the doctrine of the Pretribulation Rapture of the Church was “unknown before John Nelson Darby taught it”. I say “ignorant” because people make comments like these seemingly unaware that there are recorded accounts of it being taught all the way back to the 4th century AD. 
A sermon entitled “ On the Last Times, the Antichrist, and the End of the World “, ascribed to a man by the name of Ephraem Syrus, taught the doctrine of the Pretribulation Rapture quite plainly. Here is a snippet from that sermon: 
“For all the saints and elect of God are gathered, prior to the tribulation that is to come, and are taken to the Lord lest they see the confusion that is to overwhelm the world because of our sins” 
That sermon would be the last bit of light from scripture before the Roman Catholic Whore of Babylon would swallow up the Christian Church for over a thousand years. There’s a reason why that period of time used to be taught in schools as the “ dark ages “, and the time corresponding with the advent of King James Bible in 1611 as the “age of enlightenment”. 
So as you can see , God has given types, examples and preaching on the Rapture for thousands of years. Now let us take a quick look at some of the major difference between the Pretribulation Rapture of the Church, and the Second Coming of Jesus Christ. THE SPIRITUAL TEMPERATURE OF THE CHURCH: Jesus says plainly in Revelation 3 that the last version of the Christian Church right before the Rapture is a self-centered, self-focused, lukewarm mess of a Church that locks Jesus on the outside. (Revelation 3:14-22 KJV). This is in stark contrast to Revelation 7 which shows an on-fire dedicated group of believers who “follow the Lamb wherever He goes”. There will not be anything “lukewarm” in the time of Jacob’s trouble. SATAN STILL FREE TO ROAM AFTER THE RAPTURE: In the first three chapters of Revelation, we plainly see the Church Age. That comes to an end in Revelation 4:1,2 where John, a type of the Church, is taken to Heaven in a type of the Rapture. Match those verses with 1 Corinthians 15:50-57 and 1 Thessalonians 4:15-18 (KJV). No where there do we see Satan’s reign coming to an end, in fact, we see the appearance of Antichrist just two chapters after the Rapture in Revelation 6:1. Compare that with all the places that mention the Second Coming, which ends in Satan being bound for a thousand years. (Revelation 20:1-4 KJV). JESUS DOESN’T LAND AT THE RAPTURE: Paul tells us in both 1 Thessalonians 4 and 1 Corinthians 15, that the Body of Christ is brought UP to “meet the Lord in the air” in the Rapture. According to Revelation, the Church stays up with the Lord all the way until Revelation 19:14 (KJV). But at the Second Coming, it is all about Him landing on the ground, and bringing His saints with Him . THE RAPTURE BRINGS COMFORT, THE SECOND COMING BRINGS DISTRESS: The apostle Paul, teaching on the Rapture to first century Christians, said that the doctrine of the Pretribulation Rapture was one designed to bring comfort to the hearer. “Wherefore comfort one another with these words.” 1 Thessalonians 4:18 (KJV) . But not so with the Second Coming/Day of the Lord, not by a l ng shot. “Woe unto you that desire the day of the LORD! to what end is it for you? the day of the LORD is darkness, and not light. As if a man did flee from a lion, and a bear met him; or went into the house, and leaned his hand on the wall, and a serpent bit him. Shall not the day of the LORD be darkness, and not light? even very dark, and no brightness in it?” Amos 5:18-20 (KJV) . If you’re looking for comfort there, brother, you’re in the wrong place. SECOND COMING PLAINLY TAUGHT WHILE RAPTURE WAS A ‘MYSTERY REVEALED WITH PAUL: In hundreds of places all through the Old Testament, the doctrines of the Second Coming and the Resurrection of the Dead are clearly and plainly taught as doctrine. In Job, the very first book every written, we see that clearly proclaimed. “For I know that my redeemer liveth, and that he shall stand at the latter day upon the earth: And though after my skin worms destroy this body , yet in my flesh shall I see God: Whom I shall see for myself, and mine eyes shall behold, and not another; though my reins be consumed within me.” Job 19:25-27 (KJV) . So many of the Old Testament prophets, like Daniel, Jeremiah, Ezekiel, Zephaniah, Zechariah and Joel all teach the Second Coming. But though we see types of the Rapture with Enoch and Solomon (Song of Solomon 2:9-12 KJV), the Pretribulation Rapture as teachable doctrine remained a “mystery” until it was revealed through the apostle Paul. “Behold, I shew you a mystery; We shall not all sleep, but we shall all be changed,” 1 Corinthians 15:51 (KJV) . 
I love to teach on the Pretribulation Rapture because the evidence for it flows all though the Bible, it couldn’t be more clear. So why do so many “Christians” reject this doctrine? Let me go ask Jesus, He’s currently locked outside His own church at the moment (Revelation 3:20 KJV). But He promises that if I open the door unto Him, He will come in and be happy to show me a few things. 
Can’t see a Pretrib Rapture in the Bible? Maybe it’s because you got Jesus on the wrong side of the door…don’t let the Bible correctors and the “scholars” steal your Blessed Hope. Jesus is coming to get us one Day very soon, as He promised to do. Keep looking up! 
“Looking for that blessed hope, and the glorious appearing of the great God and our Saviour Jesus Christ;” Titus 2:13 (KJV) 
 ",0
3903,Paintings 'almost no one else seemed to be doing',"Print 
When Judith Gait met “Father X,” it was a lopsided grief that drew them together. He had lost his only chance at fatherhood through an abortion years ago. Gait is a married mother of five, and long-term American resident in Britain. Her support of the pro-life movement is driven by “thankfulness and praise” for life and her Christian faith. 
Witnessing abortion’s heavy toll on the living and dead, Gait began to make the paintings almost no one else seemed to be doing. Subtle and working entirely with symbolism, these simple artworks avoid screaming about abortion. Rather, they mourn in color, symbol and tone with single shoes, broken cord, dead flowers and other lonely and broken things. “Troubadours Sailing Hibiscus Seas”painting by Judith Gait, commentary by Father X 
When a friend first visited Gait’s studio, he was struck by her abortion paintings. Confessing years of torment after his partner aborted his child, he wrote: “I realize your work comes from a place of great love, for it attempts to give defenseless life the dignity and protection it never knew in our throw away culture.” 
Gait invited him to pray with her for his lost child. It happened to be the anniversary of the death of his baby, five years to the day. Father X remembers every detail. 
Their conversation grew into a joint effort, culminating in a book, “ Troubadours Sailing Hibiscus Seas: Meditations on Post Abortion Trauma .” Father X wanted to remain anonymous, as a place-setter for millions of unconsidered fathers in the acts of abortion. He wrote poetic and powerful statements for each of Gait’s 30 paintings in this book, which have also been shown together in art exhibits. 
Time and neglect does not necessarily heal the wounds of abortion, Gait claims. Rather, “the past refocuses into a sharper image and the pain through an iterative process of silence, guilt and remorse has not abated.” You can see that in the words of Father X, which run the gamut of human emotions. “On Abortion: Shoe, Pot and Crosses”from “Troubadours Sailing Hibiscus Seas” 
“Jonah of Nineveh” features an upended, single rose with red cords and funereal foliage. Flowers are “already in the birth position, head down and waiting to be born.” Torn and shroud-like ribbons hang across the painting. Spirals represent a child’s DNA helix and the “veil of the Temple which has just been so rudely shaken down to its foundation.” Father X makes an analogy between Jonah fleeing “parental responsibility” and eventual redemption – then veers off to his own personal engulfment in almost a stream of consciousness: “It was her wedding dress, my sea green empress, this blue lagoon princess she slipped into her own heart of darkness on that day she decided to abort and when time really stopped in our lives. She was full of fear. …” 
In some of these works, hammers incongruently hang with flowers. They are bloody or blackened, some submerged underwater or hanging from a noose. Father X interprets these tools as decision markers, to either build or tear down. In “Hammer of Decision,” it belongs to Thor, the war god “infested with his one eyed wisdom of intrigue and destruction.” Wagner, the Olympics, “sperm races,” Thomas Moore and Valkyries are all inducted into this choice by the author. Either the Carpenter’s “hammer of wisdom” or Thor’s “tool of chaos” will be chosen by expectant parents. “Hammer, Suspended” 
“ Troubadours ” runs from elegant poetry to sentiment over babies and an ad hoc theology. Striving to extend lives of children lost to abortion, the authors create a fantasy universe of possibilities. This includes moonlighting for angels, celestial games, “interstellar wind-jammers” and a “baby steamer sailing on children’s seas,” among other delightful prospects. Lost and murdered infants in these tales pine for love or for a family in their Limbos. 
Father X occasionally speculates on spiritual issues outside the Bible or the treatment of abortion in other religions. Running from nursery rhymes and quotes to historical characters, these are not theological statements, but a type of literary yearning that seeks an answer to abortion. 
In Gait’s “Pink Rose” and “Stardust,” we see empty fields, withered plants and other tokens. Father X takes off from here on fanciful trips for the lost children. He places them in a cosmic waiting rooms or dancing in circles, which is reflected in the painting. Children are disfigured, or missing eyes or arms and singing in “low mournful tones” so as not to disturb their parents. Music is “intense, equivalent to the sound created by Hildegard von Bingen (a 12th-century nun and composer). “Troubadours Sailing Hibiscus Seas”painting by Judith Gait, commentary by Father X 
References to Mary as a mother are common, as well as other scriptural allusions. “All babies jump for Jesus” in the womb (or in “its sack of nibbling yoke”) writes Father X. Elizabeth’s child John “leapt for joy, just as his ancestor David did before the ark of the covenant,” he continues. 
Gait addresses the human embryo, finding Biblical, ethical or emotional arguments for its worth at all stages. Her “Abbey Target Beginning” has a crosshair target, which is interpreted spiritually: “The first target blastula conflates the first cellular divisions with the laver bread – the bread on fire with the Holy Spirit the same stage of development as the child in Mary’s womb when she arrived at her cousin Elizabeth’s house.” 
Post-abort guilt isn’t rationalized or downplayed, but emotionally reacted to in art and word. Father X describes bats as whirling about “in circles at the pitiful sound the [aborted] children make” because they are tuned to such distressing signals. This contrasts with many parents who are “still stone deaf” to such mournful sounds. At another point, Father-X imputes the collective white noise of guilt to attacks of tinnitus, a roar of unwanted thoughts. “Troubadours Sailing Hibiscus Seas”painting by Judith Gait, commentary by Father X 
Father X elaborates on what Gait hints in her paintings: the injustice and evil of abortion. He cites a world built on slavery before Christ’s advent, and the works of such men as William Wilberforce and John Brown in furthering Christ’s gospel of justice and peace. All this is contrasted to abortion throughout. 
Ruminating on Gait’s “Palms of our Lord,” Father X claims “the face of the baby is in the midst of the ruins of the abortion. “Palms” is murky, with a single, red hand print. “To look at the after birth of an abortion is to read the Tarot of Ruins,” he continues. 
“Suicide” advances this dark theme, where Gait and Father X criticize the death industry and it’s euphemistically named “clinics.” He takes a few swings at the girl gangs of the glass ceilings: “… a caricature of a woman who made a mistake, who got herself in trouble, who has had an abortion and afterwards committed suicide in her heart.” 
But all isn’t baleful and sad here. In “Cloud Children,” Father X muses on paper dolls in Gait’s paintings with this lovely thought: “Where children go … is a mystery. … Some say they take their daytime rest in Christ’s tomb in Jerusalem, and like him when their time is come they will ascend into heaven before a quire of angels and assembled Star Ships.” 
“ Troubadours Sailing Hibiscus Seas ” is a work of meditation, grief counseling, poetry, social commentary and visual art. Father X may not reveal his identity here, but the reader comes to know intimate details about relationships and emotions surrounding the death of his only child. Gait and Father X describe their efforts as a “silent prayer of witness for all the ghost families, those Phantoms of Sorrows, who will never laugh or cry together as a family, because of an abortion.” They hope that prying open the tightly locked matter of abortion will help to heal those who have had abortions or are victimized in some way. 
Judith Gait is a graduate of California College of Arts and Crafts and received a Masters at Oxford’s Ruskin School of Fine Drawing. Her work is in public and private collections in America and abroad. She is an American citizen, residing in Britain. Father X is an addictions counselor and writer in Great Britain, who prefers to remain anonymous. 
“Troubadours Sailing Hibiscus Seas:Meditations on Post Abortion Trauma” is a coffee-table size, 103-page paper book, with 33 color-illustrations and related commentary. You can purchase it at Amazon U.S.",0
3905,"Russians Implicated in Doping Still Compete, Angering Other Athletes - The New York Times","Many of the world’s winter athletes, now preparing for the season’s championship events, are frustrated with the response of sports officials to the Russian doping scandal and are wondering why implicated Russian Olympians still turn up at the starting line. Hundreds of athletes from dozens of nations have signed petitions, threatened to boycott major events and called for sports authorities to act on evidence that the urine samples of dozens of Russian athletes were tampered with to conceal widespread doping at the last Winter Olympics, in Sochi, Russia, in 2014. Russian athletes implicated in the Sochi cheating have continued to compete, and none have been disqualified by the International Olympic Committee, as officials continue further inquiries of their own. “We will not sacrifice a full and thorough investigation that will be legally scrutinized simply to speed up the process,” Mark Adams, a spokesman for the Olympic committee, said Tuesday. Revelations of Russia’s doping schemes have compelled Olympic officials to expand their retesting of summer Olympians  —   which have so far resulted in sanctions against dozens of athletes  —   but their scrutiny has not affected many winter athletes so far. The Association of International Olympic Winter Sports Federations cited four major competitions that had been moved out of Russia for the   season after an outcry from athletes, including the   skiing World Cup finals and the bobsled and skeleton world championships. Accused Russian athletes have continued to participate in those competitions, the winter sports organization said, because of “the presumption of innocence, the right to be heard and due process. ” Responding to a petition signed by more than 150 athletes, global officials for biathlon will meet in Austria on Wednesday, ahead of that sport’s world championships, to discuss the doping scandal and broader disciplinary policy. Prominent athletes, including the French biathlon champion Martin Fourcade, a winner of two gold medals at Sochi, had threatened to skip the competition unless officials addressed their concerns. The athletes have called for stricter penalties for drug violations  —   including longer bans of up to eight years and higher fines of up to 1 million euros  —   while also asking that officials, in scrutinizing the accused Russian athletes, balance thoroughness with speed in order to preserve the integrity of this year’s competitions. “Given the unprecedented and urgent nature of the current situation,” the athletes wrote, “we do not have time to wait” until 2018, when biathlon’s full leadership is next due to convene formally. The biathlon officials are also expected to vote this week on moving the 2021 world championships out of Russia. The competition was assigned to the nation in the fall, after the International Olympic Committee had expressly directed sports officials not to award new events to Russia in light of the doping scandal. Should the biathlon officials decline to move the event, the World   Agency could impose a penalty, possibly threatening the sport’s place at the 2018 Winter Olympics, in Pyeongchang, South Korea. Russia’s national team itself could face disciplinary action ahead of the 2018 Games, something some antidoping officials have called a parallel punishment for systemic cheating at the last Winter Olympics. As Olympic officials review the evidence delivered late last year by the World   Agency and an independent investigator, the Canadian lawyer Richard H. McLaren, they are considering not just the individual cases across sports but what collective punishment may be warranted in light of the Russian government’s involvement. Much of Mr. McLaren’s evidence was made public on a website, with individual names redacted. The identities of the implicated athletes were shared privately with sports officials, although some sports organizations have called the evidence insufficient. “In some cases, provisional suspensions have had to be lifted and procedures dropped due to a lack of evidence currently provided by WADA to issue sanctions able to stand up to legal challenge,” the winter sports organization said in a statement. WADA, the antidoping regulator, is scheduled to meet with the winter sports organizations this month to discuss the evidence. Meanwhile, athletes are considering the implications of sanctions. Katie Uhlaender, an American skeleton racer who placed fourth in Sochi, has wondered for months if she will inherit an Olympic medal, after learning that the Russian athlete who placed third in that competition, Elena Nikitina, was among those whose urine sample was manipulated. Uhlaender has faced Nikitina in competition several times in the last month alone, after bobsled and skeleton officials lifted a provisional suspension on implicated Russian athletes. Investigations into those cases are continuing, those officials said. “The I. O. C. needs to step up,” Uhlaender said. “The McLaren report seems very clear: There was tampering. All I’m asking for is an even playing field. If you let someone get away with something, why wouldn’t they just continue doing it? Why wouldn’t others do it?” Few Olympic sports have taken such strong action on the issue as track and field, which voted unanimously Monday to keep the ban on Russia in place until the nation demonstrated change and fulfilled specific conditions.",0
3906,"‘A noun, a verb and Donald Trump’: Rubio seeks to seize on Murphy’s flaw","Print 
As Marco Rubio and Patrick Murphy squared off in the final debate of their Florida Senate race, the discussion turned to the Syrian civil war. Rubio, a former presidential candidate and member of the Senate intelligence committee, challenged his rival’s understanding of the factions on the ground. Murphy, a two-term congressman, reverted to a familiar line. 
“It just goes back to the same point,” he said, “that Senator Rubio continues to support Donald Trump, and it is shameful that he stands there with him.” 
The audience laughed, faintly, at one of nearly 20 mentions of the Republican presidential nominee during the one-hour debate. When Murphy next mentioned Trump, Rubio was quick with a rejoinder based on a famous Joe Biden rebuke of Rudy Giuliani : “A noun, a verb and Donald Trump: that’s his answer to everything.” 
The race in Florida, among the most closely watched in the country, could help determine whether Republicans keep control of the Senate.",0
3907,Re: Former FBI Official: Clintons are a “Crime Family” & “Something Big is about to Happen”,"The FBI is not happy with either Director James Comey or the Clinton family, and now former officials are starting to speak out about the issue. 
Former FBI assistant director James Kallstrom told Fox News’ Judge Jeanine Pirro that he is fairly certain “something big is going to happen,” in the Clinton email investigation. He also believes that internal strife at the FBI and the agencies upset with Comey’s decision not pursue charges against Hillary Clinton also played a role in Comey’s decision to act now. 
“I think there’s something happening. People are asking me what is this about. I think something big is going to happen. I don’t know what it is. It’s just my gut feeling… I think he couldn’t hold onto it any longer. OK. Because who knows? Maybe the locals would have stepped in on this. ” 
On Sunday Kallstrom was a guest on a radio show where he called the Clintons a “crime family.” 
“The Clintons, that’s a crime family, basically,” Kallstrom said. “It’s like organized crime. I mean the Clinton Foundation is a cesspool .” 
… 
He also blasted Attorney General Loretta Lynch, claiming that she impeded the investigation into Clinton’s private server. 
“The problem here is this investigation was never a real investigation,” he said. “That’s the problem. They never had a grand jury empanelled, and the reason they never had a grand jury empanelled, I’m sure, is Loretta Lynch would not go along with that.” 
Kallstrom also gave some insight to what is happening inside the agency right now, “The agents are furious with what’s going on, I know that for a fact.” 
Interestingly, over at NBC, Larry Kudlow confirmed much of what Kallstrom said over the weekend when he told Chuck Todd that the FBI was in “full revolt.” 
“What I’m hearing from everybody, I mean, I have some sources in the F.B.I. and the former district attorney’s. The F.B.I. is in full revolt right now. The F.B.I. has been in full revolt since the decisions made last summer… what I’m getting at is if Comey hadn’t said what he said to Congress and the rest of the world, it would have leaked. It would have leaked. That whole building was ready to leak that they had discovered this new source with Weiner and Abedin. So, I don’t think Comey had much chance here. And I think the F.B.I. is badly divided.” 
Should we dare to hope? Could we really see justice meted out on the Clinton Crime Family? I’m not ready to throw a “Hillary to Jail” party yet, but I’ll be watching what happens over the next few weeks with high hopes for justice. 
By the way, Kallstrom wasn’t the only former Assistant Director of the FBI speaking out about the Clinton Family’s corruption recently. 
  Constitution.com  ",0
3908,Ammon Bundy’s bodyguard sentenced in Oregon standoff case,"PORTLAND, Ore., Oct. 26 (UPI) — Brian Cavalier, the personal bodyguard of Ammon Bundy, on Tuesday was sentenced to time served in custody, exactly 9 months, for his role in the 41-day Oregon wildlife refuge standoff earlier this year. 
U.S. District Judge Anna J. Brown delivered the sentence in a downtown Portland federal courthouse. 
“You’ve fulfilled the custody provision of the sentence,” Brown told Cavalier, who remains under U.S. Marshals Service custody while awaiting transfer to Nevada where he faces federal charges from a 2014 armed standoff. 
Cavalier pleaded guilty on June 29 to one charge of conspiring to prevent federal workers from the Bureau of Land Management and the Fish and Wildlife Service from carrying out official work through intimidation, threat or force, and one charge of possession of a firearm in a federal facility. 
Cavalier will also face three years of post-prison supervision that would begin after or occur concurrently with any supervision ordered by Nevada should Cavalier be sentenced in that case, The Oregonian reports. 
Bundy, his brother Ryan Bundy, and five others — including Cavalier — were charged with conspiracy, while other defendants have been charged with theft of government property and carrying a firearm in a federal facility, Oregon Public Broadcasting reports. 
The Oregon incident began in early January in the town of Burns, where protesters were voicing support for ranchers Dwight Hammond, 73, and his son Steven, 46, who were convicted of arson in 2012 and served time in prison but whose sentences a court later ruled were too short. 
The protesters, led by Bundy, would later occupy Oregon’s Malheur National Wildlife Refuge in a tense 41-day standoff with federal authorities. 
Bundy is the son of Cliven Bundy, a Nevada rancher who gained international attention in 2014 after staging an armed standoff with federal authorities over a grazing dispute with the Bureau of Land Management. 
Cavalier will stand trial for the 2014 Nevada standoff in February. He is the first of the 26 defendants indicted in the Oregon conspiracy case.",0
3909,What is Federalism?,"Email 
We all know that our national government — the one headquartered in Washington, D.C. — is called the “federal government.” The word “federal,” as well as its equivalent in other languages, is also used to describe certain other national governments, such as Mexico’s, and words such as “federation” and “confederacy” are evidently related to it. But what does the term “federal” mean? 
The word comes from the Latin foedus , meaning “covenant,” and denotes a form of government that, if not wholly invented by America’s Founders, was certainly perfected by them and applied to the governance of a much larger territory than anyone else had ever managed. The proper name for the methodology of creating and sustaining a “federal” government is “federalism.” And many historians and students of political philosophy believe federalism to be among the greatest of all the American Founders’ contributions to civilization. 
When the Founders first won independence from the British Empire, they drafted a document known as the “Articles of Confederation,” America’s first national constitution. The former 13 colonies, having fought together in the war for independence despite being technically separate, now wished to create a bare-bones national government that would unite them in a loose confederation — that is, a union of mostly independent states wishing to enjoy some of the advantages of political union while maintaining most of their independence. Early America was not the first such confederation; the country of Switzerland had existed (and continues to exist) as a federation among separate so-called cantons speaking four different languages and possessing very different cultures for several centuries before the American founding. And Canada, founded almost a hundred years after the United States and consisting of two major ethnic groups speaking different languages (English and French), also refers to itself as a confederation. 
For a variety of reasons, the American Founders came to believe that a more robust arrangement than loose confederation was needed. Because of this, the Constitutional Convention of 1787 in Philadelphia was convened by representatives from 12 of the original 13 states. (Rhode Island did not participate.) After nearly four months of discussion and sometimes acrimonious debate, the final draft of a new U.S. Constitution contemplating a stronger national government than the Articles of Confederation had countenanced was signed and submitted to the governments of the 13 states for ratification. 
This entire process, including ratification, had been undertaken by the separate states. They in effect created a national government that, in most respects, was inferior in authority to the states. Those powers delegated to the national government that the states agreed to renounce, such as the power to form treaties with foreign governments, were understood to have resided with the states as well until delegated to the newly formed federal government. The covenant implied by the term “federal” was among the formerly independent states to delegate some of their powers to an agreed-upon central authority. This covenant also bound the federal government to respect the limits on its powers clearly spelled out in the Constitution, and to otherwise defer to the states or to the people — as the 10th Amendment makes explicit. 
The federal government, in other words, exists entirely by the license of the states, and its powers are derived from theirs, and not the reverse. This was (and remains) in stark contrast with most other national governments, wherein states, provinces, departments, oblasts, or other political subdivisions are created by a pre-existing strong central government. There was, for example, no interest in federalism in the founding of each of modern France’s successive revolutionary republics; the government in Paris merely divided French territory into administrative units known as departments, mostly for bureaucratic convenience. Many of Russia’s oblasts date all the way back to the czars, and the remainder were created during the Soviet period. On the other hand, some modern states, such as Mexico, India, and Argentina, are divided into states or provinces with significant autonomy, but in none of these did the national government arise as a consequence of a pact among previously independent state governments. 
The intent of the Founders was that the federal government, formed by a covenant among the states, would be primarily their servant and not their master, and that it would likewise serve the people. The division of powers among the states, and between the state and federal governments, would make it much more difficult for would-be tyrants to subvert these aims and to grind the people down as in an Old World autocracy. But the history of the United States since the very early 19th century, only a few decades after its founding, has seen a steady migration of power from the states and the people into the federal government. In a wide array of concerns — from education to public lands to the regulation of food to marriage — the federal government is making itself the supreme authority, while converting the states into mere geographical administrative units expected to implement federal laws, regulations, and rulings, regardless of whether those laws, regulations, and rulings are constitutional. In this way, the doctrine and practice of federalism is being turned on its head. 
Much of this has taken place, not because the states have permitted the federal government to wrest existing legal authority from the states (although this has taken place, particularly under the pretext of equal rights), but because the federal government has been allowed to usurp power where none has been enumerated in the Constitution — and then claim that states are subordinate in the exercise of such powers. 
In our day, the system of federalism has been all but abandoned. Most Americans believe that all government authority comes from Washington, trickling down by the consent of elected national rulers to state and local governments. We will not be able to restore constitutional government without first restoring federalism. Please review our Comment Policy before posting a comment 
Thank you for joining the discussion at The New American. We value our readers and encourage their participation, but in order to ensure a positive experience for our readership, we have a few guidelines for commenting on articles. If your post does not follow our policy, it will be deleted. 
No profanity, racial slurs, direct threats, or threatening language. 
No product advertisements. 
Please post comments in English. 
Please keep your comments on topic with the article. If you wish to comment on another subject, you may search for a relevant article and join or start a discussion there.",0
3910,Migrants Who ’Fled War’ Use Welfare to Holiday in Homelands,"Migrants granted leave to remain in Switzerland on the basis that they risk death in their homelands are using welfare money to fund holidays back home, the Basler Zeitung reports. [The Swiss newspaper notes that thousands of migrants each year are heading to Eritrea for their holidays each year despite their having supposedly fled the northeast African nation in fear of their lives.  Although a large proportion of Eritreans in Switzerland have been refused asylum, authorities are powerless to deport them because their homelands are deemed to be too dangerous by the country’s refugee policy. While there are no direct flights to Eritrea, the Basler Zeitung says it found that up to fifty people a day are leaving Switzerland in order to holiday in the African country. It typically costs around 599 Swiss Francs (£475) in January or 650 Swiss Francs (£516) in high season for a return journey to Eritrea according to the German language daily, which notes that taxpayer stipends to migrants must be quite generous as the vast majority of Eritreans residing in Switzerland live on welfare. Stating it to be unlikely that more than a small handful of migrants would “abuse the asylum system” the Swiss Secretariat for Migration (SEM) told the Basler Zeitung that it’s difficult to work out the number of Eritreans who are taking holidays in their country of origin due to the lack of direct flights. Of the nearly 50, 000 applications to travel abroad filed by refugees, asylum seekers and people in Switzerland who have temporary residence permits between 2010 and 2014, 97. 5 per cent were successful. Noting that around 15, 0000 of these passes were granted to Eritreans, the Basler Zeitung asks whether the sheer volume of migrants venturing back to the northeast African country suggests it is really “a mere matter of individual cases” or whether it implies the situation is a “mass occurring phenomenon”. In September Breitbart London reported that migrants granted asylum in Germany have been using welfare payments to holiday in the countries they fled, again supposedly in fear of their lives.",0
3911,Trump on ‘Saturday Night Live’? Nope. It’s Putin and Ansari. - The New York Times,"In its first new episode under the presidency of Donald J. Trump, “Saturday Night Live” opened with its vision of the most powerful man in the world  —   President Vladimir V. Putin of Russia, smirking and chiding Mr. Trump for early missteps  —   followed by a monologue from the show’s host, Aziz Ansari, who commented on issues of race in   America and implored Mr. Trump to directly address them himself. Airing one day after Mr. Trump’s inauguration, “S. N. L. ,” which the president hosted as a candidate and has regularly attacked on Twitter, did not feature an appearance from its resident Trump impersonator, Alec Baldwin. Instead the show opened with the cast member Beck Bennett playing a   Mr. Putin and boasting of helping to get Mr. Trump elected. “Today many of you are scared and marching in the streets,” the Putin character said. “You are worried that your country is in the hands of this unpredictable man. But don’t worry. It’s not. Relax. I got this. Putey’s going to make everything O. K. ” He added that Russia would take care of America because “it’s the most expensive thing we’ve ever bought. ” Addressing Mr. Trump directly, he said, “You’re not off to a great start, man. I thought you’d be better at this. However, I’m glad to see so many people showed up to your inauguration. ” The screen then showed video of a crowd of demonstrators on Saturday at the Women’s March on Washington, which was then corrected to an image of the more sparsely populated National Mall on Friday during the Trump inaugural festivities. “Today,” the Putin character said, “you went to the C. I. A. and said one million people came to see you in Washington D. C.? If you’re going to lie, don’t make it so obvious. Say you are friends with LeBron James, not that you are LeBron James. ” Mr. Ansari, the Emmy     and star of the Netflix series “Master of None,” and the first performer of South Asian descent to host “S. N. L. ,” picked up on some of these themes in his monologue. “Yesterday, Trump was inaugurated,” Mr. Ansari said. “Today, an entire gender protested against him. ” Urging Americans to treat each other with respect, Mr. Ansari said that Mr. Trump’s victory had nonetheless empowered a “tiny slice of people that have gotten way too fired up. ” “I’m talking about these people that, as soon as Trump won, they’re like, ‘We don’t have to pretend like we’re not racist anymore!’ ” he said. (In doing so, he gave a fist pump that gradually became a Nazi salute.) “No, no,” Mr. Ansari added. “If you’re one of these people, please go back to pretending. ” Mr. Ansari reflected on the ascent of what he called “this new   K. K. K. movement that started  —   this kind of casual white supremacy,” which includes people who tell him to go back to where he came from, but don’t know his heritage. (“They’re not usually geography buffs,” he said.) “My parents moved from India to South Carolina in the early ’80s,” Mr. Ansari said. “They didn’t move until nine years ago. You know where they moved? North Carolina. They love it here. They’re not leaving. ” He continued: “I think Trump should make a speech. A real speech denouncing the   K. K. K. Don’t tweet about me being lame or the show. Write a speech. A real speech. ” Mr. Ansari pointed out that President George W. Bush made a speech after the Sept. 11 attacks in which he said its perpetrators did not represent Islam. “Everyone applauded  —   Democrats, Republicans, didn’t matter,” Mr. Ansari said. “It was not about politics. It was about basic human decency and remembering why the country was founded in the first place. ” He continued: “I was like, what the hell has happened? I’m sitting here wistfully watching old George W. Bush speeches?” In closing, Mr. Ansari acknowledged that many viewers were likely to be fearful of what the next four years held in store. “If you’re excited about Trump, great,” he said. “He’s president. Let’s hope he does a great job. If you’re scared about Trump and you’re very worried, you’re going to be O. K. too. “Because if you look at our country’s history,” he continued, “change doesn’t come from presidents. Change comes from large groups of angry people. And if Day 1 is any indication, you are part of the largest group of angry people I have ever seen. ” Other segments in the show included a musical   of Kellyanne Conway, Mr. Trump’s adviser, where Kate McKinnon played her as Roxie Hart from “Chicago,” and a   to President Obama in which Cecily Strong and Sasheer Zamata serenaded his picture with the title song from “To Sir, With Love. ” Mr. Trump most recently denounced his satirical portrayal on “Saturday Night Live” last week, writing in a tweet: “NBC News is bad but Saturday Night Live is the worst of NBC. Not funny, cast is terrible, always a complete hit job. Really bad television!” Whether he will comment on the show now that he is in the White House remains to be seen as of early Sunday, he had not done so. On Friday, Katie Rich, a writer for “Saturday Night Live,” was widely criticized for a tweet she posted in which she wrote that Mr. Trump’s    son, Barron, would be “this country’s first homeschool shooter. ” Ms. Rich subsequently deleted the tweet and took down her personal Twitter account.",0
3912,Neil Gorsuch on Abortion: Roe v. Wade Is a Precedent of the U.S. Supreme Court - Breitbart,"During his Supreme Court confirmation hearing on Tuesday, federal judge Neil Gorsuch was repeatedly asked about his stand on abortion and whether he would overturn the 1973 Roe v. Wade High Court ruling that found women had the right to privacy in medical and reproductive matters, which in practice made abortion on demand legal in the United States. [Sen. Chuck Grassley ( ) chairman of the Senate Judiciary Committee, which is holding the hearings, asked Gorsuch about the case.  “I think the case most people are thinking about right now and the case that every nominee gets asked about [is] Roe v. Wade,” Grassely asked. “Can you tell me whether Roe was decided correctly?” “It is a precedent of the United States Supreme Court,” Gorsuch said. “It was reaffirmed in Casey in 1992, and in several other cases. So a good judge will consider it as precedent of the United States Supreme Court, worthy as treatment of precedent like any other,” he added. The Supreme Court ruled in Planned Parenthood v. Casey in 1992 that states can put certain restrictions on abortion as long as those restrictions don’t create “undue burden” for women seeking to have an abortion. Sen. Lindsey Graham ( . C.) asked Gorsuch if President Donald Trump ever asked him if he would overturn Roe v. Wade. “I would have walked out the door,” Gorsuch said. Sen. Dianne Feinstein ( ) asked Gorsuch if he thought Roe v. Wade amounted to a “super precedent” law, a term referring to a law that has be upheld so many times it could be difficult to undo. Gorsuch did not directly answer the question. During the past three days of questioning, Gorsuch has repeatedly said that he has to be cautious about commenting on specific issues that could come before him if he is confirmed as an associate justice on the court. Gorsuch has also said, correctly, that legal abortion is currently “the law of the land. ” “As wrong as Roe is, Judge Gorsuch is correct that it is currently the law of the land,” said Ken Klulkowski, senior legal editor for Breitbart News. “This does not mean that if given the opportunity that he would not vote to overrule Roe. ” “Judge Gorsuch’s statement is completely consistent with  ’ hopes and President Trump’s campaign promise,” Klukowski said. Although Democrats are resisting Gorsuch’s Supreme Court nomination, none opposed his nomination to be a federal appellate judge on the United States Court of Appeals for the Tenth Circuit, where he has served for ten years.",0
3913,Newt Says GOP Women Are Actually Thanking Him for Calling Out Megyn Kelly on ‘Sex Obsession’,"Share on Twitter 
Ever since the 2005 video was released of Donald Trump's “grab them by the p***y” remarks, it seems as though many media outlets have focused on the mounting sexual assault allegations against the Republican nominee. 
Fox News host Megyn Kelly was no exception, recently asking former House Speaker and Trump surrogate Newt Gingrich if the allegations could be a reason for him falling behind in the polls. 
Gingrich snapped and explained that he was sick of people like Kelly using inflammatory language. 
He then argued that her asking him about the issue proves she's “fascinated with sex”: 
“You wanna go back through the tapes of your show recently? You are fascinated with sex and you don’t care about public policy! That’s what I get out of watching you tonight!” 
At a Trump event in Washington, D.C., Wednesday, an MSNBC reporter asked Gingrich what he would say to Republican women who were “upset” by his remarks in Kelly's interview, according to the Blaze . 
Gingrich had a pretty insightful response: 
“I’ve had a lot of Republican women write me and thank me for standing up to the baloney that is thrown at us by people who excuse Bill Clinton — ignore Bill Clinton — and then explain to us how shocked they are by Donald Trump."" 
However, not all Republican women are standing by their party. Katie Packer, a deputy campaign manager for Mitt Romney in 2012, told the Washington Post the GOP has a lot to make up for after Election Day: 
“For next-generation professional women, the party is going to have to do something very, very drastic to change the course of where this candidate has taken us. I think the leaders in our party are going to have to aggressively reject this. Come November 9, they better be prepared to make very strong statements condemning all of Trump’s behavior.” 
A recent Fox News poll shows Hillary Clinton leading Donald Trump by three points among likely voters. ",0
3914,"As Latest Health Plan Dies, Republicans Can’t Agree on a Culprit - The New York Times","WASHINGTON  —   The new bill to repeal the Affordable Care Act is dead, killed off by House Republicans who never actually read the legislation  —   because in fact, it never actually existed. Conservative groups moved quickly on Wednesday to shift the blame for the failure of a   promise to repeal the law onto some    Republicans, after a small but powerful group of   House conservatives failed again to come to a meeting of the minds with the Trump administration over how best to repeal and replace President Barack Obama’s signature achievement. “The left wing among House Republicans doesn’t want to compromise or keep their pledge to voters to repeal Obamacare,” David McIntosh, the president of the Club for Growth, a conservative   advocacy group, said in a statement. “They’ve rejected deals that would give Americans more choices for cheaper health insurance, and now they won’t even allow states the chance to scale back Obamacare’s costliest regulations. ” The accusation  —   echoed by other conservatives  —   represents a remarkable turnaround in the blame game. The group and its supporters have opposed much of the major legislation considered by Congress in recent years. Last month, a House Republican bill to repeal the Affordable Care Act failed to get enough support to bring it to a vote. About 30 of the most conservative members of the House rejected the bill as preserving too much of the existing law, but as they pressed to dismantle ever more provisions, they pushed away more moderate House Republicans who were leery of leaving 24 million more Americans without health insurance. The effort was left for dead, until Vice President Mike Pence and other Trump administration officials raced up to the Capitol this week to cobble together a new agreement with the most conservative Republicans, the House Freedom Caucus. The revived measure, stirring in its grave, was known informally on Capitol Hill as Zombie Trumpcare. According to several members, Mr. Pence had proposed allowing states to obtain waivers from two provisions of the Affordable Care Act. One provision requires insurers to cover a standard minimum package of benefits, including maternity care and emergency services. The other generally requires insurers to charge the same price to people of the same age who live in the same geographic area. By allowing insurers to increase the cost of premiums for sick people, the waivers would effectively gut the Affordable Care Act’s most popular provision: mandated access to insurance for people with   medical conditions. But members of the House Freedom Caucus were pushing to allow states to compensate with “  pools,” where sick people could buy subsidized policies. Many congressional Republicans and President Trump viewed that option as morally and politically toxic. The proposals never made it into a bill, and members never gave the ideas a full unadulterated blessing. The entire exercise appeared to melt in the midday sun on Wednesday, as members prepared for their   recess, set to begin Thursday afternoon. Conservative groups were quick to attack the more moderate members of the Republican conference, particularly a group of lawmakers known as the Tuesday Group, as the reason the plan failed. “The Tuesday Group is opposed because they do not want to repeal Obamacare,” said Michael A. Needham, the chief executive of Heritage Action for America, a conservative group that opposed the original House Republican bill but remained supportive of the Freedom Caucus’s efforts. “They do not believe in policy innovation from the states. They do not believe in the basic premises of the Republican Party. ” Representative Charlie Dent, Republican of Pennsylvania and a leader of the Tuesday Group, agreed that making the plan less palatable to governors  —   who were major opponents of the plan  —   and trimming benefits further were not helping to win his vote. “What they were talking about was not going to get me to yes,” he said, noting that the plan was untenable to many governors, Republican senators and the vast majority of health care groups and representatives even before efforts to make it more acceptable began. “This is just another gratuitous attack from the   chiefs of the purity police on an issue of great consequence,” he said. In fact, the entire effort never really had the scent of veracity. Any effort to appeal to the   members of the House Freedom Caucus was always going to repel Republicans in swing districts, especially those won in November by Hillary Clinton. The objections to the House outline went far beyond the most moderate corners of the conference, and included people like Representative Christopher H. Smith, Republican of New Jersey and one of the most active   members of the House, and Representative Don Young, Republican of Alaska, who objected to the way his state, with particularly high health care costs, would have fared. “The congressman isn’t one to often label himself,” said Matthew N. Shuckerow, a spokesman for Mr. Young. “He is Alaska first. ” If the most conservative House Republicans were blaming moderates, the moderates, for their part, were just as critical of the conservatives. “The Freedom Caucus continues to play Lucy with the football and keeps moving the goal posts,” said Representative Chris Collins, Republican of New York and the first member of the House to endorse Mr. Trump. “I believe they are less than genuine in trying to get to yes. ” The suggestion by Heritage Action and the Club for Growth that moderates were to blame was “ridiculous on its face,” Mr. Collins said. In reality, there was probably never time to pass the measure. House Republicans have been operating under somewhat arcane budget rules to avoid a Democratic filibuster in the Senate. At some point, Republicans hope to adopt a new budget resolution for the fiscal year that begins in October. They plan to use that budget resolution to focus on tax cuts, not on health care. As conservative members prepared to return to their districts for the   spring recess, they desperately wanted to be able to tell their base voters that they were still trying to do away with the Affordable Care Act. “We are going home tomorrow without a deal,” Mr. Collins said. “The Freedom Caucus says they want to get to yes, but their actions don’t show that. The irony is, the very things they campaigned against will now be locked in because of their stubbornness. ”",0
3915,What Happens When You Fight a ‘Deep State’ That Doesn’t Exist - The New York Times,"The Trump administration, in its fight against the “deep state,” could risk exacerbating the very problems it has pinned on shadowy bureaucratic forces: leaking, internal conflict and the politicization of institutions like intelligence agencies. American institutions do not resemble the powerful deep states of countries like Egypt or Pakistan, experts say. Nor do individual leaks, a number of which have come from President Trump’s own team, amount to a conspiracy. The diagnosis of a “deep state,” those experts say, has the problem backward. Mr. Trump has put institutions under enormous stress. He has attacked them publicly, implied he would reject intelligence findings that cast his election in a poor light, hobbled agencies by failing to fill critical positions and cut off bodies like the National Security Council from shaping policy. That has forced civil servants into an impossible dilemma: acquiesce, allowing their institution to be sidelined, or mount a defense, for example through leaks that counter Mr. Trump’s accusations or pressure him into restoring normal   practices. Those defensive acts have deepened perceptions in the Trump administration of a “deep state” that must be rooted out. This    cycle, scholars say, risks substantially weakening both Mr. Trump and government institutions. In the long term, they warn, this could undermine the government’s ability to function  —   and to serve the millions of Americans who depend on it. Though Mr. Trump has not publicly used the phrase, allies and sympathetic news media outlets have repurposed “deep state” from its formal meaning  —   a network of civilian and military officials who control or undermine democratically elected governments  —   to a pejorative meant to accuse civil servants of illegitimacy and political animus. It is akin to Mr. Trump’s appropriation of “fake news,” a term that originally described rumor mills but one that he has used against any outlet that reports real news unfavorable to his administration. Much as his use of “fake news” miscasts reporting as lying, “deep state” presents apolitical civil servants as partisan agents. And it mischaracterizes those officials, who seek to defend their place within the system, by presenting them as acting against that system. Both phrases have become tools that Mr. Trump or his allies use to deflect perceived criticism by attacking the legitimacy of the critic. The effect is to twist basic functions of democratic governance into partisan disputes. This might serve Mr. Trump in the short term, but in the long run it carries risks. Elizabeth N. Saunders, a George Washington University political scientist, compared this dynamic to the way that science had been “politicized” by fights over climate change. When opponents of environmental regulations disputed basic climate science, researchers felt compelled to push back. Science became an increasingly partisan issue, which hurt scientists’ ability to shape public understanding and government policy. Government agencies and institutions, Dr. Saunders warned, could face a similar fate. “The more they’re publicly drawn into these battles, the more there will be polarization and politicization of them, too,” she said. Those battles are unwinnable: Publicly pressuring the president reduces influence with him and feeds into perceptions that agencies are irredeemably politicized. Acquiescing makes their politicization a fact. When, for example, Mr. Trump accused former President Barack Obama of tapping his phones, he forced the F. B. I. into an unappealing choice: Let the accusation slide, though it implies the bureau broke the law, or rebuke the president and risk the appearance of playing politics. Either way, the bureau loses some of its internal influence, public stature or, quite possibly, both. Losing stature can be especially dangerous, as the bureau needs public trust to effectively operate. Intelligence agencies faced similar dilemmas under President Richard M. Nixon, who publicly attacked the agencies, threatening to sideline them, while also asking them to distort intelligence or violate laws on his behalf. Though the agencies had varied responses, none came out unscathed. Some complied with Nixon’s requests, tarnishing their reputations for a generation. Others demurred and were attacked as disloyal and excluded from policy making. Throughout, Nixon was convinced that the agencies were conspiring against him. W. Mark Felt, an F. B. I. official, leaked details of the Watergate   that led to Nixon’s impeachment. This gets to an important difference between an   deep state and the American government. In the United States, civil servants can be most influential by staying apolitical, which allows them to influence policy from within. This is why government officers, Dr. Saunders said, “want to go back to being behind the scenes and doing their jobs, because it preserves their legitimacy and credibility. ” Casting those officials as a “deep state” forces them to choose between options that are bad for the agencies but also bad for the Trump administration. Almost any outcome increases the perception that institutions are politicized or in conflict with Mr. Trump, which hurts him as well. Even a pliant institution, if it is seen as politicized, will struggle to enact Mr. Trump’s policies. If the president and his institutions come to see each other as an enemy, trust could be difficult to restore. Susan Hennessey, a former National Security Agency lawyer, and Helen Klein Murillo, a law student, wrote in Lawfare that Mr. Trump’s accusations that career civil servants are partisan agents, along with his administration’s aggressive internal investigations, could be read as “an intention to use the pretense of leak investigations to engage in political retaliation. ” This risks deepening    mistrust of Mr. Trump, which Ms. Hennessey and Ms. Murillo believe helped motivate initial leaks. The cycle of mutual suspicion could well spiral, further breaking down the relationship between the president and the institutions through which he is meant to govern. Trump administration officials may earnestly believe that they were pulled into this institutional conflict against their will. But the longer this conflict continues, the closer it will bring the government to what Stephen K. Bannon, a senior White House adviser, called a primary administration goal: the “deconstruction of the administrative state. ” Each round, even if it ends in a policy defeat for the White House, galvanizes supporters against the institution blamed for his setback. This is driven by political polarization, in which Americans who see themselves as aligned with a political tribe come to support that group’s positions and oppose its perceived adversaries. Mr. Trump, for instance, portrayed his immigration ban’s legal defeat as the fault of politicized judges. The attacks did not resurrect his order, but it did tell millions of supporters to distrust the judiciary as politically motivated. His attacks on the news media send similar messages. This undermines the ability of these institutions to act as checks on the president or other powerful actors, because they can be more readily dismissed as serving narrow partisan agendas. Polarizing supporters against intelligence agencies  —   which, in response to leaks, he has called “ ” and has said echo “Nazi Germany”  —   makes it easier to reject their policy recommendations, freeing up Mr. Trump to pursue policies at home or abroad that those agencies might oppose. That is one potential parallel with real deep states, which leaders such as President Recep Tayyip Erdogan of Turkey have used as foils to justify consolidating power. Timur Kuran, a Duke University professor of political science, wrote on Twitter, “Team Erdogan used the ‘deep state’ narrative to destroy political institutions and restructure the bureaucracy. Happening now in USA. ” That polarization can work both ways. Some critics of Mr. Trump have championed the perception that institutions are working to broadly oppose Mr. Trump. Representative Ted Lieu, a Democrat from California, wrote on Twitter: “We are   press, judges, legislators, cooks, teachers. We are #DeepState. We are the American people. ” When it was suggested that “deep state” could be a risky rallying cry and that institutions could suffer if they were seen as a political opposition, Mr. Lieu wrote in response, “Unless you believe the President is a danger to the Republic, which I do. ” But Dr. Saunders saw the administration as shooting itself in the foot. Treating the bureaucracy as an adversary, she said, had mostly served to mire Mr. Trump in controversies and weaken his ability to put policy into effect. “You get the feeling that Trump doesn’t understand that working invisibly through the bureaucracy would strengthen him,” she said.",0
3916,"Muslim Puts On Creepy Clown Mask, Realizes He Attacked The Wrong Infidel","Share This Sadiq Mohammad, 20, thought it would be funny to dress up as a clown and terrorize civilians. Unbeknownst to him, he would be the one getting the scare of his life. 
After hearing about the creepy clown trend sweeping the nation, a Muslim man decided to start off Halloween by donning a “killer clown” costume and attacking unsuspecting victims. However, as soon as he approached his next target, he quickly realized that not every infidel is going to take his idiocy lying down. 
Just last year, a Muslim prankster thought it would be funny to use his inherently violent and historically deadly religion to terrorize innocent civilians for laughs and views on his social media accounts. In December, a group of YouTube tricksters, dubbed the Jalals, dressed in traditional Arab attire and hurled suspicious packages at random strangers , making them think they were about to be bombed. Drawing from this idea, a fellow YouTuber decided to hone in on the creepy clown trend, chasing down petrified bystanders for his own entertainment. Unfortunately for him, he got his own dose of terror when he picked on the wrong man. 
Sadiq Mohammad, the 20-year-old Muslim mind behind the YouTube channel HoodClips, donned a sinister-looking clown mask and filmed himself stalking unsuspecting onlookers on the streets of Stockton, California. As expected, most of his targets ran away in horror. However, one man decided not only to fight back but turn the terror back on Mohammad. 
Guns.com reports that Mohammad was given a brutal taste of his own medicine after his intended target pulled out a firearm and pistol-whipped him in the head. The Muslim prankster leaped out of the bushes in an attempt to startle the unknown man, immediately discovering that he would be the one fearing for his life. 
“Why you gonna play that s**t in Stockton, brother?” the man asks. “That s**t done-a** played out, bro,” he adds, referring to the recent spate of clown pranks. “I ought to pop your dumb a**.” 
According toÂ Daily Mail , Mohammad instantly regretted his bullying attempt, running for cover as the hooded individual graciously allowed him to retreat without further injury. Realizing that some people don’t find his joke at their expense amusing, Mohammad has now sworn to hang up his clown costume for good. 
“Lesson learned is, people donât play with the clown stuff,” Mohammad told KCRA . “Like, people really will shoot anybody.” 
Unfortunately, there are some who say that the man’s reaction wasn’t justified. Sacramento attorney Kresta Daly alleges that “pulling a gun was too much” since Mohammad claimed that the tactics were just part of a prank. Of course, Daly refuses to acknowledge that just because a threatening individual says that their behavior is part of a prank doesn’t mean they’re telling the truth. 
Just 2 days ago, a San Diego man told police that he was stabbed multiple times by 4 people dressed up as clowns. The victim was left with gashes in his left cheek, right shoulder, and lower abdomen but is expected to make a full recovery. 
Similarly, a 16-year-old was stabbed and killed by an assailant in a clown mask in Reading, Pennsylvania in September. The teen was attending a party when a fight broke out, prompting an unknown suspect in the costume to repeatedly stab him. 
Mohammad is lucky to be alive after his incredibly idiotic stunt. Of course, it’s probably not going to stop him from abusing innocent civilians if it means he can make money from their misfortune. After all, it was the Islamic prophet Muhammad, after whom the YouTuber is named, who exclaimed that he has “been made victorious through terror.”",0
3917,Fire Under Metro-North Tracks Caused by Fuel Spill - The New York Times,"With   Railroad service expected to be disrupted for several days after a fire damaged a stretch of track in East Harlem, government officials on Wednesday questioned why a garden center under the tracks was using flammable substances. The fire on Tuesday at the Urban Garden Center on Park Avenue was caused by a fuel spill when workers were refilling a generator, fire officials said. The blaze then tore through an area filled with combustible materials, said Jim Long, a Fire Department spokesman. “Everything in there was pretty much incinerated,” he said. Firefighters removed propane tanks from the business, Mr. Long said, but it was unclear whether any had exploded in the fire. The business had not been issued any permits for the handling or storage of fuel or propane, Mr. Long said. Asked about the propane tanks in an interview on NY1, Thomas F. Prendergast, the chairman of the Metropolitan Transportation Authority, said the matter demanded investigation. “Should we have material like that stored under such a vital, critical piece of infrastructure?” he said. “That’s a question that needs to be asked and answered. ” The fire damaged the railroad’s elevated structure, causing train service to be suspended during the evening rush. On Wednesday, trains were running on a limited Saturday schedule, creating arduous delays for commuters. Full service was not likely to resume until Friday, officials said. While workers made repairs on Wednesday, trains were running on two outer tracks, and two inner tracks were closed. New York City owns the property under the tracks, and the city’s Economic Development Corporation manages a lease held by the Urban Garden Center. Tenants must adhere to “all relevant laws and regulations,” the agency’s senior vice president, Anthony Hogrebe, said in a statement. “If anything is found to have been in violation, we will take swift and appropriate action,” he said. Senator Richard Blumenthal of Connecticut, a Democrat, echoed Mr. Prendergast’s concerns and called on federal safety officials to investigate the fire. Mayor Bill de Blasio said on Wednesday that he had not known that the Economic Development Corporation managed the property, but said that it was appropriate for businesses to be located under the tracks and praised the row of shops along Park Avenue, known as La Marqueta. He said the city would examine safety precautions there. “If there is anything we need to strengthen, we will,” Mr. de Blasio told reporters. At the garden center on Wednesday morning, workers loaded wooden planks and charred debris into a demolition truck to be crushed. A separate part of the garden center remained operational, with nearly a dozen chickens clucking in a coop and an array of trees and flowers crowded between bags of concrete mix and mulch. Workers declined to comment on the fire. Dwayne Thomas, an emergency medical worker who has lived in East Harlem for 10 years, said he had been wary of the garden center for some time, especially since a deadly gas explosion nearby in 2014. The explosion, which destroyed two apartment buildings and killed eight people, occurred on Park Avenue near 116th Street, a short distance from where the fire broke out on Tuesday. The Urban Garden Center was heavily damaged in that blast. “Why would you put a bunch of flammable items below a train track?” said Mr. Thomas, 55. “The whole thing is a recipe for disaster. ” Luis Diaz said he was flipping burgers at Kyle Restaurant and Grill on Park Avenue on Tuesday evening when he heard a loud explosion followed by a series of smaller blasts. He rushed outside to see plumes of black smoke billowing from the train tracks between 117th and 118th Streets. Mr. Diaz said he had gone to get a fire extinguisher but soon realized the extent of the inferno. “It was terrifying,” he said. “We were all caught by surprise. It just got worse and worse. ” The  ’s Harlem, Hudson and New Haven lines were running with delays of 60 to 80 minutes on Wednesday. On Thursday, the railroad planned to run additional trains to provide about 75 percent of its usual weekday service, officials said. At Grand Central Terminal on Wednesday morning, Adam Vaughn said his typical   commute had taken three hours on Tuesday night. Mr. Vaughn, who lives in the East Village and works in Stamford, Conn. was not optimistic about the days ahead. “I’m not even close to getting to work on time today,” he said. “I might work from home for the rest of the week. ”",0
3918,Border Patrol Agents Assaulted by Increasingly Aggressive Illegal Immigrants,"Several illegal immigrants attacked Border Patrol agents assigned to the Rio Grande Valley Sector during a   period. [Two agents assigned to the Rio Grande Valley Station sustained minor injuries when a Guatemalan national attacked them during an arrest. The man struck one agent in the neck with his elbow and kicked the other agents, according to information obtained by Breitbart Texas from U. S. Border Patrol Supervisory Agent Marlene Castro. The agents fought with the suspect and eventually placed him under arrest. The Guatemalan is charged with assault on a federal officer. The agents sustained minor injuries during the assault.  At about that same time, a Mexican national “became aggressive” with agents attempting to take him into custody. The illegal alien charged the Weslaco Border Patrol Station agents after crossing the border near Progreso Lakes, Texas. After wrestling the Mexican national to the ground, the agents placed him in handcuffs and arrested him. While the agents marched the suspect to their vehicle, the Mexican man attacked them again by attempting to strike the agents. Castro did not indicate if there were any injuries sustained by the agents. Charges against the man are pending at this time. The following morning, another aggressive Mexican national attempted to escape custody by throwing dirt at an agent assigned to the McAllen Border Patrol Station. The dirt struck the agent in the face, leaving him temporarily blinded. The Mexican alien fled. Other agents searched for the suspect and eventually took him into custody. The agent was transported to a local hospital where he was “medically cleared,” Castro stated. Charges against the Mexican national are currently pending. “Apprehension levels began to decrease as law, policy, and strategy aligned. Unfortunately, we are now seeing an increase in assaults against our agents,” Chief Patrol Agent Manuel Padilla, Jr. said in a written statement.  “Attacks against agents will not be tolerated and we will work to pursue prosecution against violators. ” U. S. Customs and Border Protection records obtained by Breitbart Texas reveal an alarming trend of increasing aggression against Border Patrol agents. Late last year,   Patrol Chief Mark Morgan testified before Congress that Border Patrol agents are the most assaulted of all federal law enforcement officers and agents. Since that time, records indicate a 179 percent increase in assaults on Border Patrol agents during this current fiscal year which began on October 1. The report reveals statistics through February 28. Since that time, Breitbart Texas reported multiple attacks on Border Patrol agents. During a   period, multiple agents assigned to the San Diego Sector were attacked in separate incidents. One incident involved the agent’s vehicle being rammed by the vehicle of a fleeing human smuggler. A second suspect, a Mexican national who had just illegally crossed the border near Otay Mesa, California, attacked an agent with a knife. The agent subdued the suspect without receiving any injury. In the third incident, a Mexican national became aggressive and attacked the agents attempting to take him into custody. He allegedly kicked and struck the agents before being placed in handcuffs. A few days earlier, an agent came under attack by people throwing large rocks at him from the other side of the border as they attempted to apprehend an illegal border crosser. The agent fled to his vehicle and did not sustain any injuries, but the rock throwers managed to smash the windshield of his patrol vehicle. Bob Price serves as associate editor and senior political news contributor for Breitbart Texas. He is a founding member of the Breitbart Texas team. Follow him on Twitter @BobPriceBBTX and Facebook.",0
3919,"Ken Blackwell: Media ‘Borking’ Sessions Because He’s Southern ’White, Conservative, Evangelical’","Ken Blackwell, former Ohio secretary of state and domestic adviser to Trump’s transition team, joined Breitbart News Daily SiriusXM host Raheem Kassam on Thursday to discuss his recent   on the media’s attacks on Senator Jeff Sessions after   Donald Trump nominated Sessions for attorney general in his incoming administration. [“The Washington Post and L. A. Times spent more than a month working on stories that were exclusively about Senator Sessions and race. Their attempt to define him not by his last twenty years in the Senate, but by the notion that he was white, conservative, evangelical, and from the South meant, in their view, that he could not escape the label of being a racist,” said Blackwell.  “They don’t use facts,” he added. “They don’t use measurable, observable behavior and activity. They, in fact, create this false image of a guy who they would like to bring down because they see him as the tip of the spear of moving us back to a system that respects the rule of law   …     that respects the Constitution. ” Blackwell said, “This is an   political attack. This is an effort to misdefine Jeff Sessions in a way that they can destroy him. ” “This is,” he added, “pure and simple, the borking of Jeff Sessions. They did it to Judge Bork in the eighties, and they’re trying to do it now to Jeff Sessions. ” Blackwell predicted the effort will fail and Sessions will be confirmed. Breitbart News Daily airs on SiriusXM Patriot 125 weekdays from 6:00 a. m. to 9:00 a. m. Eastern. ",0
3920,Milky Way galaxy mapped in incredible detail,"Sky & Telescope Wed, 26 Oct 2016 20:05 UTC Astronomers have mapped atomic neutral hydrogen across the entire sky, creating an unprecedented portrait of our galaxy and some of its nearest neighbors. © HI4PI Collaboration This map depicts the radiation from neutral atomic hydrogen (HI) across the entire sky, as seen by the Parkes and Effelsberg radio telescopes. Our galaxy, the Milky Way, appears as a luminous band across the sky with the Galactic Center in the middle. The Large and Small Magellanic Clouds are prominently visible in orange below the Galactic plane. They are surrounded by huge clouds of gas, forcefully disrupted from their hosts by gravitational interaction with the Milky Way. The HI emissions of the Andromeda galaxy (M31) and its neighbor, Triangulum (M33), are also easy to spot as bright purple ellipses in the lower left. The gas motion is color-coded to represent the gas's motion, and the visual brightness in the image relates to how much neutral hydrogen is present. Hydrogen is the single most abundant element in the universe. The simple pairing of a proton and electron is so reactive that atomic hydrogen doesn't occur naturally on Earth — it reacts with itself or other elements to form molecules instead. But in the large, mostly empty space between stars floats a copious amount of neutral atomic hydrogen. We only know it's there when the atom's lone electron very occasionally flips from an ""up"" state to a ""down"" state, releasing a single 21-centimeter radio wave. Modern radio telescopes can easily pick up the faint signal, which multiplies thanks to the wealth of hydrogen atoms. What's hard is to map that signal across the entire sky — and that's exactly what astronomers have done in unprecedented detail. Using two of the world's largest fully steerable radio dishes, the 100-meter Effelsberg dish near Bonn, Germany, and the 64-meter Parkes dish west of Sydney, Australia, astronomers have generated a survey they've dubbed HI4PI. Pronounced ""hi four pie,"" the survey refers to the abbreviation for neutral hydrogen (HI) and the geometrical reference to the whole sky (4PI, or 4&pi;). Over thousands of hours on the sky, the dishes took more than a million individual observations. Thousands more hours went into processing dozens of terabytes of data, removing radio interference from broadcast stations, military radar, and other Earthbound sources, then stitching everything together into a seamless map of the hydrogen sky. The resulting image is incredible: the ultrafine detail reveals fine threads and diffuse clouds in the interstellar medium never seen before. And for astronomers studying faraway X-ray or gamma-ray sources, the map will prove essential in cleaning the window to the distant universe. The map shows not only the amount of hydrogen at each celestial location, but also the motion of hydrogen across the sky: the 21-centimeter radio signal shifts to slightly lower or higher energies as the hydrogen gas moves toward or away from us, respectively. Watch the video below to take a stepwise look through the data, seeing first the most negative velocities (infalling gas, moving toward Earth) and ending with the most positive radial velocities (receding gas from Earth's perspective).",0
3921,Los Angeles School District Declares all Campuses ’Sanctuary Schools’ - Breitbart,"The Los Angeles Unified School Board (LAUSD) passed a resolution Tuesday declaring all schools “sanctuaries” for any illegal alien students and their families  —   even criminal aliens  —   who might be facing deportation. [The Los Angeles Daily News reports:  The resolution, proposed by board members Monica Garcia and Ref Rodriguez, comes shortly after the arrest of Romulo   an [illegal alien] who was detained by U. S. Customs and Immigration Enforcement agents as he took his daughter to school on Feb. 28 in Highland Park. ICE [Immigration and Customs Enforcement] officials stated that   was targeted based on prior criminal convictions, including a DUI conviction from 2009 and an outstanding order of removal from 2014. The arrest was caught on tape by his    daughter Fatima Avelica, who recorded video on her smart phone.  On the video, obtained by local Los Angeles affiliate KABC Channel 7, Fatima can be heard sobbing as she collects footage of her father’s arrest through the windshield of the family vehicle.   “I’m here to ask that the (LAUSD makes) schools sanctuaries so that nobody else can pass through what I passed through and not be scared to go to school,” Avelica reportedly said at a press conference earlier on Tuesday. As a result of  ’s arrest, Garcia and Rodriguez have pulled together a   coalition of organizations that includes the ACLU and California Charter Schools Association, which has been dubbed the “California Schools Are Sanctuaries Coalition. ” Not only does the resolution designate every LAUSD campus as a “safe place” for illegal aliens and their families, but it goes further, as quoted by the Daily News: • schools can’t ask about a student’s or family member’s immigration status, • the district will partner with legal services organizations to create “Know Your Rights” presentations for students and their families to educate them about their rights when interacting with law enforcement and immigration agents, • district employees can refuse, to the fullest extent possible under the law, to share information with immigration agents, • the district will help with legal support for immigrant students and their families by offering referrals to reputable legal organizations, • the district will create a “rapid response network” to help students or family who have been detained by immigration officials. According to a report by KABC 7, ICE released this statement about the incident: Officers with one of U. S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement’s (ICE) Los   Fugitive Operations teams took Mr. Avelica into custody Tuesday morning. Mr. Avelica was targeted for arrest because relevant databases indicate he has multiple prior criminal convictions, including a DUI in 2009, as well an outstanding order of removal dating back to 2014. After conducting surveillance to confirm his identity, the officers arrested Mr. Avelica during a vehicle stop in the 3200 block of Pasadena Avenue, approximately a half mile from the charter school described in the related social media post. No one else was detained during the vehicle stop. Mr. Avelica remains in ICE custody at this time. Ricardo Mireles, the executive director of the Highland Park charter school, told KABC 7 that “the girls’ father had a nearly   DUI conviction and an incident 20 years ago where the father said he bought a car with an incorrect registration sticker, unbeknownst to him. ” Peter Greyshock, an attorney representing the family, told the Daily News, “They stepped over a line, and the ripple effect this could have on the community is frightening. ” One goal of newly formed coalition is to secure the commitment of every California school district to become “sanctuary schools” for illegal alien students and their entire families to shield them from deportation orders, which are reportedly on the rise under the Trump administration. At a time when the new administration is threatening to cut off federal funds to sanctuary entities  —   and schools are heavily dependent on federal matching funds  —   other districts may be less willing to take the risk. Tim Donnelly is a former California State Assemblyman and author who is doing a book tour for his new book: Patriot Not Politician: Win or Go Homeless. He ran for governor in 2014. FaceBook: https:  . facebook. . donnelly.  Twitter:  @PatriotNotPol",0
3922,What is Anonymous?,"What Anonymous is and what it means really depends on the individual; to one person it means one thing, and to another, something else. Anonymous has even been around long enough, these days, that there is actually a generational gap developing. Protesters wearing Anonymous Guy Fawkes masks take part in a demonstration against controversial Anti-Counterfeiting Trade Agreement (ACTA), on February 25, 2012 in Nice, southeastern France. AFP PHOTO / VALERY HACHE
Think about it in this perspective: the Matrix is already 17 years old; there is an entire generation which didn’t grow up with it!
The oldest members are naturally the most die-hard ‘Anons,’ and the older the member, typically, the better the hacker – there are becoming fewer and fewer of them by the day. For the most part the oldest ‘Anons’ are of the mind that Anonymous should be an exclusive hacker collective – everyone who can’t hack is largely considered a n00b or just a fan of the movement.
Anons protesting against the government
The newest members of Anonymous tend to be social justice warriors of sorts; almost none of them are hackers, but they make up the large majority of people who now call themselves “Anonymous.” They are, for the large part, protestors, civil rights/liberties advocates or people who want to change the world, but are unsure on how to go about it. They seem to be drawn to Anonymous, not because all of the hacks occurring around the world, but because they see Anonymous publicly advocating for many of the same things they believe in.
There are a lot of things happening in this world that people do not get to vote on, or simply have no say over; there are a lot of things that tend to control/dictate peoples’ lives, for which they have no control over.
I remember a conversation last year with a friend in the movement. I was frustrated because all I want is to change and make an impact on the world, but always feel like nothing more than an ant – nothing I seem to do is even measurable in the grand scheme of life.
They responded, “Welcome to the anthill.”
Just as with any group of people in the world, or in politics, there are bound to be some fringe lunatics/extremists on both sides of the spectrum – and Anonymous is no different.
People do not seem to understand that no one in Anonymous speaks for anyone else in Anonymous. Far too often, people in Anonymous are left defending – or accused – for the actions of other people they know nothing about. People also do not seem to understand what it means when some says “Anonymous is an idea, not a group.”
What it means to be part of an “idea” can also differ depending on the purpose. But what I have come to believe this “idea” means is a freedom of expression in its purest form: Freedom from censorship; freedom for ALL knowledge to be free and available to the public/society; freedom for people to stand up and fight for whatever they believe in; freedom for everyone’s voice to matter – not just corporations/politicians/government elites.",0
3923,Ballot stuffing by fat obese feminazis,"Ballot stuffing by fat obese feminazis Caught on tape in Pennsylvania, Arizona and Illinois Re: Ballot stuffing by fat obese feminazis Disgraceful. Democracy in this country is a fucking joke. Page 1 & ""GLP"" are registered trademarks of Zero Point Ltd. Godlike™ Website Design Copyright 1999 - 2015 Godlikeproductions.com Page generated in 0.006s (7 queries)",0
3924,This Cursed Black Angel Statue KILLS Anyone Who Dares Touch It,"The paranormal world can be extremely fascinating, but also very dangerous. One must be cautions when dwelling in the shadows of the uncanny realm which could scar your soul for eternity. The thought of encountering a ghost can be exciting and scary, although there are some extreme cases of spiritual contact that can cause not only mental, but also physical damage.


Even worse than encountering a ghost, is being in contact with cursed objects. In this case we're talking about a specific statue on Oakland Cemetary, Iowa City, which is called the ""Black Angel"" . 

This statue is said to hold a death curse, so who ever dares to touch it will die in a very short amount of time, sometimes right on the spot. It is unknown about the true origin of the curse, but there are several different stories.

There are also disturbing accounts of people dying after touching the statue.

Watch the following video to know more! 
Disclose TV SOURCE ",0
3925,iPhone Tricks – 15 Secret iPhone Codes,"posted by Eddie A list of secret Apple iPhone codes that can unlock a raft of hidden features and settings has been revealed, allowing users to do anything from enhancing their call quality to checking their mobile balance. While Android is particularly well known for offering a rabbit-hole of an operating system that can be tweaked and tinkered with, Apple’s iOS has kept menus and settings relatively simple and locked down. However, there is a way that users can drill down to find some gems not seen on the surface. If you want to find out how many minutes you have left on your phone tariff, what your IMEI number (something you’ll need if you swap phone networks) or even find out a way to enhance your iPhone’s voice quality there’s a way to do it that you won’t find by going to your normal phone’s settings. Redmond Pie revealed a full list of the codes and how to use them. By typing in the following secret USSD codes on the dialpad of the phone then pressing the call button you can bring up these tricks: *3001#12345#* :Field Test mode *#5005*7672# : SMS centre number *3370# : Turn on or off EFR (Enhanced Full Rate), a mode that improves your iPhone’s call quality *#06# : Find out your iPhone’s IMEI number *#31# : Hide your number on calls option *#43# : Check if call waiting is on or off *43# : Turn on call waiting #43# : Turn off call waiting *646# : Check minutes left on contract *225# : Find out your current mobile account balance *777# : Find out prepaid account balance *#61# : Number of missed calls *#21# : Call forwarding status *#67# : Call forwarding number *#33# : Find out what mobile services are disabled on your phone One of the most interesting of the USSD codes is the Field Test mode, which allows users to see their phone-signal strength measured in numbers rather than those five bars. You’ll see something displaying such as ‘-90’, with the number going up and down depending on signal. A value above -80 is a full-bar strength, but anything below -110 is very weak. This is a more accurate way of seeing whether you have enough signal to make a call, rather than holding on to hope with one-bar. It’s worth noting that you should only use these codes and play around with your settings at your own risk, if you’re not sure what something does better leave it be. source:",0
3926,Comment on Anonymous: World War 3 Is On The Horizon (In 2016) by World War 3 News 2016: Anonymous Declares WW3 'on the Horizon',"Share on Facebook Share on Twitter It has been said a number of times over the past year, that WWIII could be on the horizon. Recent events and statements between Russia and the United States have people believing it’s closer than ever. But is this really the case? Should we be worried? advertisement - learn more Since almost everything real and important taking place is kept from the masses while we are distracted by mainstream media and pop culture, it’s tough to say what is really going on. But if we begin to look at the various things going on in the world, we can piece together some interesting things. In this case, anonymous is hinting that WWIII is inching closer. Some people even believe it has already begun. But you know what? I’m not sure we need to move into fear. First check out the video, then read on. Not All Bad News Right off the bat many start worrying about nuclear bombs, and that’s fair. But there is also an interesting fact to consider: UFOs have been shooting down nuclear threats over the last few decades. Dozens of foreign governments have released thousands of pages of UFO related documents –here is an example of the latest batch released from the United Kingdom’s Ministry of Defense in June 2013. Other country’s governments who have done the same include Mexico, France, Argentina, Russia and Belgium, just to name a few. advertisement - learn more The fact that governments have released and documented information that detail UFO encounters with the military, as well as supposed extraterrestrial encounters with people, tells us that they’ve had and do have a high level of interest when it comes to the topic of UFOs and extraterrestrials. Had this information remained classified, nobody would officially be able to say that governments have allocated resources to investigate this phenomenon, and it would have remained in the “conspiracy” realm. At the same time, it’s important to remember that this issue goes far beyond and well above government control. “It is ironic that the U.S. should be fighting monstrously expensive wars allegedly to bring democracy to those countries, when it itself can no longer claim to be called a democracy when trillions, and I mean thousands of billions of dollars have been spent on projects which both congress and the commander in chief know nothing about.” – Paul Hellyer, Former Canadian Defense Minister (source) “Everything is in a process of investigation both in the United States and in Spain, as well as the rest of the world. The nations of the world are currently working together in the investigation of the UFO phenomenon. There is an international exchange of data.” – General Carlos Castro Cavero (1979). From “UFOs and the National Security State, Volume 2″, Written by Richard Dolan “Behind the scenes, high ranking Air Force officers are soberly concerned about UFOs. But through official secrecy and ridicule, many citizens are led to believe the unknown flying objects are nonsense.” Former head of CIA, Roscoe Hillenkoetter, 1960 (source) Just last year at the Citizens Hearing on Disclosure , a United States congresswoman voiced her opinion that the US government should disclose this existence, pointing to the fact that a number of foreign governments have already done so -you can read more about that story here. War is something none of us want I’m sure we could agree on, and just because UFO’s may be shooting down nukes doesn’t mean we are OK with war. But what can we do when it comes to such large worldly events? There must be something… Consciousness! Evolve Your Inbox & Stay Conscious Daily Inspiration and all our best content, straight to your inbox. What you focus on, what your thoughts are each day, how you feel and how you treat one another is important. It has a huge impact on what plays out in our world. This has been proven numerous times when studies examine the impact of people meditating or focusing on something specific. Collective consciousness is real and it can be impacted. Here is an example of meditation helping in war zones. You are not small, you can impact millions, we can impact billions because we are all connected. Focus on the world you want and share that with others. As for physical action, again what you choose to do to be in alignment with your purpose is powerful. But we can also continue to raise awareness about what is going on in our world and make decisions and choices that opt out of the things we no longer want to see and support. Meditation, intention, being a good person, aligning with your soul purpose, being of service to others and doing things like voting with your dollar is no passive, it is powerful when you understand how our reality works. 
Transcript of video: Greetings World, We are Anonymous. For the last two months, we have been consistently reporting on a possible global conflict, World War 3 between the United States and its allies in the West, and Russia and its allies in the East. The dispute on the South China Sea has severely damaged the United States relations with the Peoples Republic of China. After the Permanent Court of Arbitration in The Hague ruled that China’s nine-dash-line claim in the South China Sea, and its land reclamation activities on islets are invalid and unlawful, the United States has been preparing to sail in the area under a so-called Freedom of Navigation principle. This has angered the Chinese. In August, the Chinese Defense Minister, Chang Wanquan told his country’s citizens to prepare for, what he described as the peoples war at sea. Mr Wanquan was referring directly to the United States planned provocation under the pretext of Freedom of Navigation. China has since vowed to take all necessary measures available to protect its sovereignty over the South China Sea, revealing that it had the right to set up an air defense zone on the sea. China has also since been positioning and testing its nuclear weapons, and planning military drills on its waters with Russia. Even the United States has confirmed that China has tested an Intercontinental Ballistic Missile, which is capable of striking everywhere in the world within half an hour. Moving away from the South China Sea, we arrive in Syria. It is an open secret that the civil war in Syria is a proxy war between the United States and Russia. Russia has even intervened physically on the request of the Syrian government. The United States, unable to get any invitation, has been openly and secretly arming many rebel groups in the country, with open plans to overthrow the Syrian government. Of course, since Russia honored the invitation of the Syrian government last year, the war has been turning in favor of the Syrian government, which was falling before Russia’s intervention. As we speak now, tension is mounting between the United States and Russia. Nerves are at their highest since the Cold War era. The United States, at the moment, is sitting on tenterhooks. Many officials in the president Obama administration are frustrated and confused regarding the situation in Syria. The United States has announced that it has ended all contacts with Russia in Syria. This announcement by the United States comes as Russia, beginning on September. 22nd, intensified its military operations in Syria, with the intentions to capture the city of Aleppo for the Syrian government. Diplomatic efforts to put an end to the fighting in Syria, have collapsed. As the Aleppo operation continues, Russia has given the United States a stern warning not to take any action against the Syrian government forces. In fact, there are many Russian jet fighters stationed in Syria, ready to shoot down any United States jet fighter that attempts to strike on the Syrian government forces. These developments from Moscow are not going down easily with the United States. The United States Secretary of State, John Kerry, is said to have urged president Obama to intervene and face the consequences from Russia. He is said to have even favored a nuclear deterrent against Russia. However, it appears that before Kerry could even make this suggestion to president Obama, the Russians had already gathered intelligence on the happenings within the White House. According to Zvezda, a Russian defense ministry Television channel, the country has started preparing its citizens for a possible nuclear war with the United States – because of the mounting tensions in Syria. Russia has since moved to deploy nuclear-capable Iskander missiles in its western-most region, Kaliningrad, which borders on NATO members of Poland and Lithuania. Due to how the situation has become, some top officials at the United States defense headquarters have finally spoken. These Pentagon officials have admitted that World War 3 is imminent, and that its going to be deadly and fast. The military generals were speaking on a future-of-the-army panel in Washington. “A conventional conflict in the near future will be extremely lethal and fast, and we will not own the stopwatch,” Major General William Hix said. General Hix also stated that China and Russia’s armies are becoming increasingly technological, and that the Pentagon was getting ready for violence on the scale that the United States Army has not seen since Korea. His comments were also echoed by lieutenant Gen Joseph Anderson and Chief of Staff, Gen Mark A. Milley, who described war between nation states as almost guaranteed. The generals also said apart from the conventional battle, cyber battle, too, has become a reality against the United States, revealing that even smaller nations are launching it against the country. We are Anonymous.",0
3927,Insulin’s Inventor Sold the Patent for $1. Then Drug Companies Got Hold of It.,"Insulin’s Inventor Sold the Patent for $1. Then Drug Companies Got Hold of It. Posted on November 14, 2016 Insulin’s Inventor Sold the Patent for $1. Then Drug Companies Got Hold of It. Share on Twitter Never underestimate the greed of a pharmaceutical company. 
Frederick Banting wasn’t a dude who backed down. The Army refused him due to poor eyesight in 1914; in 1915, he tried again and got in. He got rejected from a Toronto hospital in 1919; he set up his own successful practice in 1920. So it’s not a surprise that Banting did what other scientists and doctors had struggled to do for decades: discovered and refined insulin therapy. His three-person team knew that this treatment was both urgently needed and incredibly tricky to get right; they wanted to make sure the public could access it, and that it was safe. So they made a move for the common good: saying that profit was not their goal, they sold the patent for insulin to the University of Toronto for just $1 each. The University then gave pharmaceutical companies the right to manufacture the drug royalty-free. 
It made sense at the time; Banting and his team were worried that if they didn’t patent the drug at all, drug companies would rush to patent an inferior, possibly dangerous version and try to turn huge profits on it. The thinking seems to have been that if drug companies didn’t have to pay royalties, they would keep prices low. 
The thinking was wrong. Less than thirty years later, drug manufacturer Eli Lilly and Company and two other companies were indicted for an insulin price-fixing scheme. 
But that was only the beginning: in the late seventies, the process for synthetic insulin was perfected, making it far easier and less risky to produce. Since then, prices have been on a sharp uphill climb with no end in sight. 
Insulin is a billion-dollar industry with zero low-priced generic versions on the market. While most name-brand drugs have generic versions that cost less than half the price, insulin is different. Miriam Tucker at Medscape explains : 
Insulin’s Canadian discoverers sold the patent to their university for $1, stating that profit was not their goal. Since then, a series of incremental technological advances have maintained the patents, while older formulations have been pulled from the market. [After] identifying the glucose-lowering substance later known as insulin at the University of Toronto in 1921, Dr Frederick Banting and medical student Charles Best waited 2 years before seeking a patent and then only with the intent of publishing the extraction method, writing: “When the details of the method of preparation are published, anyone would be free to prepare the extract, but no one could secure a profitable monopoly.” 
The next several decades brought successive improvements: adding protamine prolonged insulin’s action, while zinc allowed it to be combined with short-acting insulin in a form patented in 1946 under the name “neutral protamine Hagedorn (NPH),” after its Danish founder. Lente, a slower version without protamine, came along in the mid-1950s. 
These advances allowed for more dose-adjustment options and also extended the patents into the 1970s. Further innovations that improved purity pushed the patents ahead another decade. 
Tucker goes on to quote an article in the New England Journal of Medicine by Jeremy A Greene, MD, PhD, and Kevin R Riggs, MD, MPH: “On the whole, it’s hard to say that contemporary patients who cannot afford their insulin (let alone the patent-protected glucometers and test strips required to adjust the dose) are well served by having as their only option an agent that is marginally more effective than those that could have been generically available 50 or 30 or 10 years ago, had generics manufacturers introduced cheaper versions when patents expired.” 
Greene and Riggs again: 
“The drugs that ultimately see extensive generic competition differ from those that attract few, if any, manufacturers. The history of insulin highlights the limits of generic competition as a public-health framework. Nearly a century after its discovery, there is still no inexpensive supply of insulin for people living with diabetes in North America, and Americans are paying a steep price for the continued rejuvenation of this oldest of modern medicines.” 
Just goes to show: never underestimate what a drug company will do to make money off the backs of researchers who only wanted to help save lives. The Other 98% is a grassroots network of folks committed to kicking greedy corporate asses for the harder working classes. And we have fun doing it. Follow us on social media We Want To:",0
3928,Rand Paul Warns Poll Manipulation Will Suppress Voter Turnout,"Poll Released 36 Years Ago Today Had Reagan Down by 8… He Won in a Landslide 
In an appearance on West Virginia’s “The Tom Roten Morning Show” (via Townhall ), the former presidential candidate said that he’s known that the polls are rigged for years. 
“You know, I think sometimes polling is done to dampen election turnout so when Trump says the thing’s rigged, I’m not sure exactly what he means and I’m not sure I always agree with him, but I do think that when we say over and over someone can’t win that is a form of rigging in the sense that it is designed to suppress turnout,” Paul said during the Wednesday appearance. 
“In Kentucky, in our governor’s race in 2015, the media said over and over and over again the Democrats were up 8 points,” Paul said. Advertisement - story continues below 
“The hope I think was to depress Republican turnout and these were coming from liberal newspapers in our state. And turns out the Republicans won by 8. They were off like by 16 — 14, 16 points. And, but, I think some of that is intentional. The polls are put out, you know to make it either look closer than it is or to make it look like Democrats have a better chance. 
“And I think it’s done by design to try to dampen turnout,” he added. 
All of this is a reminder — don’t pay too much attention to the polls. It isn’t hopeless and it’s not over. 
Especially given the WikiLeaks revelations about poll rigging, it’s about time that conservatives stopped despairing and started demanding that the liberal media change. Advertisement - story continues below",0
3929,Zika: a masterpiece of public mind control,"Zika: a masterpiece of public mind control 
Saturday, October 29, 2016 by: Natural News Editors Tags: Zika , mind control , propaganda (NaturalNews) It's been nearly nine months since the word ""Zika"" flashed like a lightning bolt in the headlines of mainstream news. Before January 1, 2016, Zika was just one of many viruses that public health officials monitored. But suddenly in January of this year everything changed, as a nearly harmless virus was transformed into a worldwide threat.(Article by John P. Thomas, republished from HealthImpactNews.com )As we will see, the Zika propaganda machine was turned on in October of 2015 and it has been running wild ever since. This is a classic example of a mind control program, a public brainwashing project, or a high powered marketing campaign.Regardless of what you call it, it is clear that the mainstream news media, the World Health Organization (WHO), the Pan American Health Organization (PAHO), the US Centers for Disease Control and Prevention (CDC), Big Pharma, Big Chem, and both Republicans and Democrats have joined forces to sell a Zika eradication program to the people of the United States and to the rest of the world.This has been and continues to be one of the best orchestrated programs of propaganda in recent history. This article will discuss how the program started, how it has been developed, and where it is going. Zika is not a Threat to the Babies of the World Just to be absolutely clear from the beginning, there is no solid evidence that Zika is a threat to humanity. It is a minimally dangerous viral infection, which does not cause microcephaly.In the almost 70 years since the Zika virus was patented by the Rockefeller Foundation, [1] no one ever noticed any association between Zika infection of pregnant women and their babies being born with abnormally small heads or with defects in brain development. But in 2015, we were suddenly made aware of this supposed problem. This claim, based on nothing more than circumstantial evidence, was the beginning point for the propaganda campaign. A propaganda claim doesn't need to be true; it just needs to be repeated over and over again until people believe it is true.After half a year of fear and hysteria in the mainstream media, even officials in Brazil admit that Zika is an unlikely cause of their microcephaly .As reported in Nature News & Comment on July 23, 2016, an official from Brazil's ministry of health raises doubts to suggest Zika is not the only factor in the reported microcephaly surge in his country. The report stated: Zika virus has spread throughout Brazil, but extremely high rates of microcephaly have been reported only in the country's northeast. Although evidence suggests that Zika can cause microcephaly, the clustering pattern hints that other environmental, socio-economic or biological factors could be at play. ""We suspect that something more than Zika virus is causing the high intensity and severity of cases,"" says Fatima Marinho, director of information and health analysis at Brazil's ministry of health. If that turns out to be true, it could change researchers' assessment of the risk that Zika poses to pregnant women and their children. [2] Despite this admission from Brazil, the Zika propaganda campaign is moving ahead without interruption. The campaign will not be stopped by contrary evidence about Zika and microcephaly. Zika is a Mild Viral Infection Most people who get Zika, will be completely unaware of being infected. For those who do get sick, it is similar in many ways to having a cold or a mild case of the flu. People experience fever, rash, joint pain, and conjunctivitis. The illness is usually mild with symptoms lasting from several days to a week. Infection is thought to provide lifelong immunity. Severe disease requiring hospitalization is uncommon. Deaths are rare. [3]The fact that almost no one dies from Zika infection made it a very unlikely candidate for the development of a vaccine. For those who actually feel sick from a Zika infection, they can receive comfort care and rest while their immune systems overcome the viral illness. Zika Press Releases Set the Stage for a Propaganda Campaign However, if Zika could be connected to some other horrible consequence, such as microcephaly or paralysis (Guillain-Barre syndrome) for example, then people would insist that we create a Zika vaccine and would insist that every person on planet Earth take it. They would be willing to give up basic individual freedoms for the benefit of society, which is always the goal of mind control programs.In 2015, a number of press releases and reports were released by the Pan American Health Organization / World Health Organization (PAHO/WHO) and the CDC, to set the stage for the unfolding of a grand mind control project.The documents they published raised the red flag of alarm that a Zika epidemic was unfolding throughout South America and Mexico. The conventional media got excited about the epidemic when they saw the word ""microcephaly."" The prospect of large numbers of babies being born with abnormally small heads and brains was a story that would really grab the attention of their audience.The media used pictures of deformed babies to build fear in the hearts of people and to create the perception that we better watch out or Zika is going to get us and our babies! They worked really hard to instill public panic about Zika in January and February of 2016 .In the timeline that follows, you will see the word ""autochthonous."" Public Health agencies use the word autochthonous to say that an infection was locally generated. An autochthonous case of Zika is one that was acquired in the local area where a person lives. This is in contrast with a Zika infection that was acquired while visiting another region or country.I will list a few of the key points from some press releases to show how a foundation for the Zika campaign was built and how momentum was established to project the campaign into mainstream media. May 2015: Brazil confirms first autochthonous cases of Zika. [4] October 2015: Columbia confirms first autochthonous cases of Zika. [5] October 2015: Brazil reports unusually high number of babies with microcephaly. [6] November 2015: El Salvador, Guatemala, Mexico, Paraguay, Suriname, and Venezuela report autochthonous Zika infection. [7] November 17, 2015: WHO calls upon member states to watch for the occurrence of microcephaly. [8] December 1, 2015: PAHO/WHO issued the first of dozens of reports, which chronicled the history of the growing Zika epidemic and warned of microcephaly. [9, 10] December 21, 2015: WHO reports autochthonous Zika infections in Honduras. [11] December 22, 2015: WHO reports autochthonous Zika infections in Panama. [12] December 31, 2015: US CDC reports autochthonous Zika infections in Puerto Rico, and makes note of microcephaly in Brazil. [13] Counting Babies with Microcephaly The mainstream media suddenly picked up on the Zika/microcephaly story in January of 2016 and began sensationalizing it. General concern was quickly transformed into alarm as officials in Brazil reported a steady increase in the number of microcephaly cases. As of January 30, 2016, they reported 4,783 cases of microcephaly and/or Central Nervous System (CNS) malformation suggestive of congenital infection. They compared this with 2001 — 2014 data where there was an average of 163 microcephaly cases. [14]The Brazil data about the babies was poor. We didn't know their definition of microcephaly. We didn't know how many of the mothers actually tested positive for Zika. We didn't know how the data was collected. We also didn't know why there was a strong level of insistence that the only thing that could cause these birth defects was infection with the Zika virus. Propaganda campaigns always dismissed other viewpoints other than the one being promoted. They don't want an investigation of truth or a debate about the facts – they just want belief and submission. The US Propaganda Machine Goes Public in January 2016 CDC officials begin to ponder the situation. First they say there might be an association between Zika and microcephaly, but they are far from asserting any kind of causative relationship. [15]""Good for them,"" I thought when I heard that report. But their apparent wisdom took a nosedive a minute later when the same CDC official went on to issue a travel warning to women to avoid traveling to Brazil and other South American countries if they are pregnant, think they might be pregnant or are thinking of becoming pregnant in the next couple years.""What did the CDC just say?"" There is no evidence of causation, and we don't even know there is even a problem, but women should stay home any way. ""Strange,"" I thought as I began to remember how the conventional media, the CDC, and the WHO hyped up the African Ebola epidemic in a similar kind of propaganda campaign just 18 months earlier. The worldwide threat of Ebola Zaire completely died out long before a vaccine could be developed, which must have been a major disappointment to Big Pharma.But this time, they have a virus that is not going to die out. This time their propaganda campaign will be much more sophisticated, and it will make major steps toward the acceptance of universal mandatory vaccination for diseases such as Zika. A False International Crisis Involving Deformed Babies Justifies Action All through January and early February of 2016, the news media provided us with a non-stop litany of stories about Zika and deformed babies. In a previous article I examined some of the headlines in the propaganda campaign.The CDC was still using the word ""possible association,"" while the news media insisted on using the word ""cause."" Despite the initial reserve of the CDC, the news media began to shout the message across America, ""Zika is going to deform the heads of our babies while they are in the womb, and there's no vaccine to protect us!""It seems like every Zika story I saw included at least one photo of a baby with microcephaly and always stated that there is no vaccine yet. We were reminded over and over again that Zika is causing babies to be born with abnormally small heads, mental retardation, and blindness. We were warned that some babies were dying at birth because of the severity of their brain deformation. We were told that each baby born with microcephaly will cost ten million dollars or more in medical expenses during the child's life. [16] These stories created ever increasing levels of apprehension and fear as they were intended to do.As the mainstream media struggled to keep the fear level high and keep the story line flowing from week to week, they began to focus in on government efforts to save us from Zika. It didn't take long for them to find people to interview who would ask the question they wanted asked. ""What is the Government Going to Do to Protect Our Babies?"" This question was asked over and over again even though there was no proof that Zika infection and microcephaly were related. The question was asked so many times by the media that no politician could dare to say, ""I am not going to do anything, because as far as we know Zika doesn't cause microcephaly."" President Obama Responds to the Question On February 22, 2016, President Obama requested 1.9 billion dollars to study the situation and to develop a Zika vaccine. [17]Let's look at this more carefully. We are going to spend 1.9 billion dollars to develop a vaccine for a virus that almost never kills anyone and has not been proven to cause birth defects — just to be safe. Or is something else going on here?Perhaps the real story is that Big Pharma wants another cash cow vaccine and the Zika threat has been promoted in such a way that people will insist that Big Pharma develop a Zika vaccine for us. Suddenly, Big Pharma companies will be able to put on their white hats and rescue all the babies of the world. This would be such sweet deception if they could pull it off. CDC Declaration: Zika Causes Microcephaly The CDC announced in April of 2016 that Zika causes microcephaly. [18]This decision was based on a CDC analysis of available data. They did not conduct comprehensive research. They used a quacking duck kind of analysis. If it quacks like a duck and walks like a duck then it must be a duck. They couldn't tell if it had feathers like a duck or has a bill like a duck, but they still insisted on calling it a duck named Zika. In doing this, they ignored some of the most important criteria in their analysis.CDC researchers stated: The seventh [of Shepard's] criterion, proof in an experimental system that the agent acts in an unaltered state, is aimed at medications or chemical exposures and does not apply to infectious agents. Thus, given Shepard's criteria as a framework, criteria 1, 3, and 4 have been satisfied — evidence that is considered sufficient to identify an agent as a teratogen. [19] In other words, they used a set of seven criteria to determine whether Zika could be considered to be a cause of microcephaly. They determined that the association between Zika infection and microcephaly was causative for 3 of the 7 criteria. They suggested that additional study was needed before 3 of the other criteria could be met. They excluded the seventh criteria altogether, because it examined whether medications or chemicals might have caused microcephaly.I couldn't believe that they excluded the seventh criteria when it is clear that microcephaly is known to be caused by pesticide exposure, and could just as easily be caused by vaccinations during pregnancy as it was likely to be caused by Zika infection.These CDC scientists were only looking for causation from infectious agents. Nothing else seemed to matter. This exclusionary mindset was present since the very beginning of the Zika propaganda campaign.They ignored the effect of the Tdap vaccine given to pregnant women in Brazil in 2015. They ignored the side effects of medications. They ignored the consumption of GMO food, glyphosate, and Pyriproxyfen that were widely used in Brazil. They ignored chemical exposure from Brazil's large chemical manufacturing facilities. They ignored alcohol and drug use. They ignored the effects of extreme multi-generational nutritional deficiencies and extreme poverty. They ignored the introduction of genetically modified mosquitoes that were released in Brazil. They ignored exposure to rubella, toxoplasmosis, or cytomegalovirus. They ignored the combined effects of all these factors as well as multigenerational modifications to the local gene pool from these potential causes.I discussed these potential causes of microcephaly in my first article on Zika, published in January of 2016.There is one key point that I want to bring forward from the previous article concerning the number of babies born with microcephaly. First we heard that there were some 4,783 cases of microcephaly in Brazil. After the initial shock and panic was produced, we learned that further investigation showed that the number of confirmed cases was only 483.The mainstream media also didn't mention that the number of babies born in the United States with microcephaly in a typical year is 25,000. When adjusting for population differences between the US and Brazil, we find that the rate of microcephaly in the US is actually 40 times higher than the rate in Brazil.In other words, the US microcephaly incidence is much higher than Brazil, and our babies didn't get it from Zika. Maybe our babies got it from the various potential causes I discussed in my previous article.I should also state that the researchers who put their names on this article are all employees of the CDC. [20] I must question whether their analysis was truly objective and whether their findings were influenced by CDC ties to Big Pharma. The Zika Vaccine is in the Pipeline Based on this single poor quality analysis, it's full speed ahead for developing a Zika vaccine. There are at least four companies plus the CDC working on a Zika vaccine. We are told that it will still take several years before a Zika vaccine can be properly tested and made available in large quantities for the population of the world.Zika vaccine trials have already begun and they are already recruiting volunteers in the US. The US National Institutes of Health hopes to start phase II trials of its vaccine in early 2017. [22] Congress Tries to Protect Our Babies with Zika Funding Now that the CDC has settled the Zika-microcephaly question, it was time to get congress to fund the President's request for a Zika vaccine development program. The House and the Senate passed Zika funding bills. However, they have different ideas of how much money should be spent and how the funds should be generated. The funding process stalled at the end of June when the Senate and House could not reconcile their differences. [23]Congress went on a seven week summer vacation, and wasn't available to try to resolve their differences. This created a problem for the Zika mind control campaign, because it might mean there would be no new Zika news to report during the summer. Keeping the Propaganda Campaign Going by Killing Mosquitoes The mainstream media switched their focus from vaccine development to eradication of the Aedes aegypti mosquito, which is known to carry the Zika virus. If an infected mosquito bites a person, then the person might develop the infection. This is a fact that no one is disputing. The Great Mosquito Chase of 2016 The CDC continues to count the number of Zika cases in the US and Puerto Rico. The numbers continue to rise through the spring and early summer. They were looking for autochthonous cases of Zika in the US, but they could only find infected people who had traveled to Zika infected countries or who had sex with people who traveled to those countries.Finally, at the very end of July, 4 people in the Wynnewood section of Miami, Florida, were found to have Zika even though they had not traveled to a Zika infected country or had sex with a Zika infected person. [24]Public health officials at the state and federal level interpreted the presence of these cases to mean that Zika must have been transmitted to these people by mosquito bites. They ignored the possibility that the infected people might have been lying about their exposure, for example, having sexual contact with an infected person. Nevertheless, officials concluded that they must implement a strong mosquito control program to prevent Zika from spreading any further.Now that the Zika epidemic was on US home soil; the media had another fear inducing story to add to their propaganda campaign. ""There are mosquitoes that are out to get you and our babies!"" The Governor of Florida Goes Door to Door to Find more People with Zika On August 1st, the governor of Florida contacted the US public health system and asked them to send a specially trained squad of federal public health agents to help with the Zika emergency in Miami. These agents and Florida officials went door to door in the Wynwood neighborhood of Miami and collected urine samples to identify additional cases of Zika.10 more cases were found, but all were asymptomatic – the people didn't even know they were infected. [25] Problem — They can't find a Zika Infected Mosquito 5,000 mosquitoes were tested for the presence of Zika, but all tests were negative. [26]Officials dismiss the negative infection results by saying that finding a Zika infected mosquito is like finding a needle in a haystack. [27] Aerial Mosquito Spraying Program Initiated The governor of Florida in conjunction with federal public health agents decided that they needed to do aerial spraying of pesticide. Even though the Aedes aegypti mosquito wouldn't travel more than 300 feet from its birth place in the Wynwood neighborhood where the autochthonous Zika cases were located, the officials decided to spray a ten square mile area just to be safe. [28]A spraying program that covers ten square miles would make a sensational story in the media. It would be much more alarming than a story about a neighborhood aerial spray zone. It also would expose many more people to a toxic pesticide (more about that later).The first aerial spraying took place on August 4, 2016. [29] Toxic Pesticide Used in Aerial Spraying Causes Microcephaly Officials told the public not to worry about the pesticide that was being sprayed, because it (naled) is harmless. They pointed to EPA reports, which supported their claim. [30]They didn't mention that naled was banned in Europe in 2005. They didn't mention that officials in Puerto Rico recently refused to allow the spraying of naled over their citizens. They didn't mention that naled kills many other types of insects and aquatic creatures in addition to mosquitoes. [31] Most importantly, official didn't mention that naled and the chemicals that are created when it breaks down in the environment have the potential for causing human birth defects. [32] Could Pesticide Naled Cause Microcephaly and other Life Threatening Diseases? Officials didn't mention that the pesticide that they were spraying over the densely populated minority neighborhood of Wynwood [33] was particularly dangerous for babies in the womb.This is what the JOURNAL OF PESTICIDE REFORM has to say about naled: Like all organophosphates, naled [Dibrom] is toxic to the nervous system. Symptoms of exposure include headaches, nausea, and diarrhea. Naled is more toxic when exposure occurs by breathing contaminated air than through other kinds of exposure. In laboratory tests, naled exposure caused increased aggressiveness and a deterioration of memory and learning. Naled's breakdown product dichlorvos (another organophosphate insecticide) interferes with prenatal brain development. In laboratory animals, exposure for just 3 days during pregnancy when the brain is growing quickly reduced brain size 15 percent. Dichlorvos also causes cancer, according to the International Agency for Research on Carcinogens. In laboratory tests, it caused leukemia and pancreatic cancer. Two independent studies have shown that children exposed to household ""no-pest"" strips containing dichlorvos have a higher incidence of brain cancer than unexposed children. [34] [Emphasis added] Naled exposure causes increased aggressiveness and a deterioration of memory and learning. These are some of the symptoms that are also found in children on the autism spectrum.One of the most toxic break down products in Naled is Dichlorvos. This chemical caused a 15% reduction in brain size in pregnant lab animals after 3 days of exposure. Another word for reduced brain size is microcephaly.So, the pesticide they are spraying could increase the rate of autism among children in the spray zone, and could cause microcephaly to occur in the babies of pregnant women.Question: If there are babies born in Miami with microcephaly in the next nine months or if the autism rate in the spray zone increases, will we blame Zika or Naled? I am sure that no one from the CDC or from a public health agency will ever point a finger at Naled. They will use the children to prove beyond a shadow of a doubt that Zika is to blame. Naled is also Harmful to Adults Dr. Naresh Kumar, a Professor of Public Health at the University of Miami, commented about the risks of using pesticides in aerial spraying. His statement came from CBS Miami: ""All are a neurotoxin, meaning it will directly affect our nervous system."" ""It will affect not only the pregnant woman ... it is also equally for children who have asthma and airway disease because when you are spraying in the air, these aerosols stay in the air for at least five days."" [35] The Miami Herald provided this advice to people in the pesticide spray zone. They stated: The agency [EPA] says the insecticide poses no risk for the majority of people, but those sensitive to chemicals may want to stay inside during spraying, close windows and turn off window air conditioners. Fruits and vegetables should also be washed before eating and outdoor furniture and grills covered. [36] So, if you are concerned about being exposed to the chemicals they are spraying, then you should stay inside for 5 days until the pesticide falls out of the air. You should keep your windows closed, and turn off window air conditioners. I wonder how many people were able to follow this advice in the subtropical urban climate of Miami in August.Mind control programs always try to make life difficult for those who live outside the box of normality. They want us to follow their instructions, which in this case would be to just not worry about the spraying. If you are concerned, then you can take their ridiculous suggestions, which won't really protect you from the spray. Does Zika also Cause Guillain-Barre Syndrome? Apparently the CDC suspects that Zika causes the paralytic syndrome called Guillain-Barre. If you look at the data collection forms for monitoring Zika in the US you will see another masterful stroke of mind control in the making. They are counting cases of Guillain-Barre Syndrome on the same form with cases of Zika. [37]Why would the CDC try to make this connection? The CDC indicates on their Guillain-Barre Syndrome page that they are not sure what causes this syndrome. They do mention that there were some cases of Guillain-Barre Syndrome associated with the swine flu vaccine in 1976, but otherwise the condition is rare with unknown etiology. [38]If they can make a case for the Zika virus being the cause of Guillain-Barre Syndrome, then they will shift attention away from the fact that many vaccines and pesticides have a harmful effect on the human nervous system and are able to produce this type of paralysis.I anticipate seeing a Guillain-Barre Syndrome research paper just like the one produced by the CDC on microcephaly. Their new paper will just substitute the phrase ""Guillain-Barre Syndrome,"" for the word ""microcephaly."" They will show through statistical smoke and mirrors that the Zika virus is causative for Guillain-Barre Syndrome as well as microcephaly.If they can pull this off, then the Zika virus will be blamed for all cases of vaccine damage in which microcephaly or paralysis results. If they can pull this off, and I suspect they will, then pesticide manufacturers will also be able to blame the Zika virus for microcephaly, neurological malformation, and paralysis that results from the use of their products. The Zika virus will be the perfect scapegoat. The List of Birth Defects Being Blamed on Zika with No Evidence is Increasing Propaganda campaigns always seek to worsen the devastating effects of whatever they want us to fear. First we heard that Zika causes microcephaly. Then we heard that it might also cause Guillain-Barre Syndrome. Now we are hearing that Zika causes a whole host of other birth defects, some of which might not appear until months or even years after birth.The New York Times stated: The images [of babies with microcephaly], published Tuesday in the journal Radiology, also suggest a grim possibility: Because some of the damage was seen in brain areas that continue to develop after birth, it may be that babies born without obvious impairment will experience problems as they grow. Images of another baby girl show contracted hands and arms, the result of another common symptom. Zika seems to damage the nerves in a developing fetus so that sometimes ""muscles aren't developing normally because they don't have the nerve impulses to move normally,"" she [Dr. Levine] said. With such a vicious and unpredictable virus, ""it's key to realize that Zika is more than microcephaly, that there's a number of other abnormalities as they've shown in this paper, and its effects are going to be even more broad,"" said Dr. Spong, whose agency has begun a study of what will ultimately be 10,000 babies born in Zika epidemic areas including Brazil and Puerto Rico. ""It's going to be essential to follow them to look at their development, to look at their ability to learn, to look at hearing problems, balance problems, behavior problems, all those issues, to make sure that we don't miss anyone."" [39] Zika: The New Scapegoat for All Childhood Diseases? Can you tell where this is going? It seems to me that they are planning to put together a catalog of major injuries that results from Zika infection.It will include most if not all injuries that result from vaccines, pesticides, GMO food, pharmaceutical drugs, the high-carbohydrate low-fat standard American diet, and anything else that might lead to a successful lawsuit against Big Pharma or Big Chem. Zika might just become the standard defense for suit against corporations. ""It wasn't our product that harmed this little baby, it was Zika!"" Conclusion: Another Government Tool for ""The Greater Good"" to Strip Away Freedoms? It won't be long before the mainstream media will be showing us pictures of US babies from Florida who were born with microcephaly. The mainstream media will tug at our heartstrings and will remind us that this horror will soon become preventable when the Zika vaccine is developed.We will hear about more and more connections between Zika and other terrible health conditions experienced by children. We will be told that all this suffering and all this expense will be avoided when all the mosquitoes are killed and everyone receives the Zika vaccine.Mind control programs always talk about the greater good and how individuals must give up their individual freedoms, their rights, and even their preferences for the sake of the collective benefit. Zika will be one of the tools used by mind controllers and the ruling elite to move us toward mass vaccination and total government control over our lives.Read more at: HealthImpactNews.com [1] ""Zika Virus is property of Rockefeller Foundation,"" Feb 7, 2016 Anonews.co [2] ""Brazil asks whether Zika acts alone to cause birth defects"" July 25, 2016 Nature.com [3] ""First case of Zika virus reported in Puerto Rico"" Dec 31, 2015 CDC.gov [4] ""Epidemiological Alert – Neurological syndrome, congenital malformations, and Zika virus infection – Implications for Public Health in the Americas"" Dec 1, 2015 Paho.org [5] IBID.[7] IBID.[8] ""Epidemiological Alert Increase of microcephaly in the northeast of Brazil"" Nov 17, 2015 Paho.org [9] ""Epidemiological Alert – Neurological syndrome, congenital malformations, and Zika virus infection – Implications for Public Health in the Americas"" Dec 1, 2015 Paho.org [10] ""Archive by Disease – Zika virus infection"" Paho.org [11] ""Zika virus infection – Honduras"" Dec 21, 2015 Who.int [12] ""Zika virus infection – Panama"" Dec 22, 2015 Who.int [13] ""First case of Zika virus reported in Puerto Rico"" Dec 31, 2015 CDC.gov [14] ""PAHO WHO Reported increase of congenital microcephaly and other central nervous system symptoms"" February 10, 2016 Paho.org [15] ""Why is Zika virus spreading so quickly?"" Jan 28, 2016 Youtube.com [16] ""Zika virus: Miami outbreak sparks concern, demand for tests among pregnant women"" Aug 3, 2016 Miamiherald.com [17] ""Letter From The President — Zika Virus"" Feb 22, 2016 WhiteHouse.gov [18] ""Zika Virus Causes Birth Defects, Health Officials Confirm"" April 13, 2016 NyTimes.com [19] ""Zika Virus and Birth Defects — Reviewing the Evidence for Causality"" May 19,2016 Nejm.org [20] ""So What Became of the $1.9 Billion for Zika?"" Aug 17, 2016 TheVaccineReaction.org [22] ""NIH kicks off Phi trial for Zika vax as caseload rises in U.S"" Aug 3, 2016 FiercePharma.com [23] ""Zika Deal In Congress Likely To Be Delayed Until After Recess"" June 23, 2016 NyTimes.com [24] ""Florida health officials confirm local Zika transmission"" July 29, 2016 CNN.com [25] ""Gov. Scott: Florida Calls on CDC to Activate Emergency Response Team Following Confirmed Mosquito-Borne Transmissions"" Aug 1, 2016 FlGov.com [26] ""Florida's Mosquito Control Forces Mobilize Against Zika Threat"" May 2016 KHN.org [27] ""Florida confirms it is first state with locally transmitted Zika"" July 29, 2016 StatNews.com [28] Zika Virus: Miami-Dade County plans to spray naled in Wynwood Aug 11, 2016 MiamiHerald.com [29] ""Spraying Begins in Miami to Combat the Zika Virus"" Aug 4, 2016 NyTimes.com [30] ""Naled for Mosquito Control"" Aug 15, 2016 EPA.gov [31] ""Friday flight planned to spray for Zika mosquitoes"" Aug 11, 2016 MiamiHerald.com [32] ""Florida to Spray Residents Like Bugs over Zika — with a Chemical that Ironically Reduces Fetal Brain Size in Studies"" Aug 3, 2016 ActivistPost.com [33] ""Free 33127 ZIP Code Map, Statistics, and More for Miami, FL"" UnitedStatesZipCodes.org [34] ""Alternatives to Pesticides factsheet on Naled"" CloudFront.net [35] ""EPA: Insecticide Used To Fight Zika Is Safe"" Miami.CBSLocal.com [36] ""Zika Virus: Miami-Dade County plans to spray naled in Wynwood Friday"" Aug 11, 2016 MiamiHerald.com [37] ""Zika and Guillain-Barre Syndrome,"" CDC.gov [38] IBID.",0
3930,Lara Trump Implies FBI Letter Politically Motivated – ‘My Father-In-Law Forced Their Hand’ (AUDIO),"Lara Trump Implies FBI Letter Politically Motivated –‘My Father-In-Law Forced Their Hand’ (AUDIO) By Carrie MacDonald on October 29, 2016 Subscribe 
The latest “revelation” from the FBI just gets more and more curious by the hour. Now we have audio of Lara Trump, wife of Eric Trump and daughter-in-law of Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump, saying she believes her father-in-law was behind the latest letter from FBI Director James Comey. Lara Trump: ‘My Father-In-Law Forced Their Hand’ 
In an interview on WABC Radio with Rita Cosby, Lara Trump came right out and said, proudly, that she believes Donald Trump was one of the people behind this whole thing: “I think my father-in-law forced their hand in this. You know, he has been the one since the beginning saying that she shouldn’t be able to run for president, and I commend him on that.” 
Anyone who has been paying attention over the past 12 hours or so knows that this “scandal” died before it even had a chance to really breathe. The conservative media has, of course, attempted to spin this into something real, given the fact that their candidate’s chances of winning are less than 10 percent. But the emails are not from Clinton nor are they from Clinton’s server. Not only that, but Comey’s motivations behind sending the letter seem more and more likely to be politically motivated. Former DOJ Official: ‘You Don’t Do This’ 
Comey’s actions are unprecedented for an FBI Director. In a piece discussing that very fact, Jane Mayer wrote for The New Yorker : “… His latest action is stirring an extraordinary level of concern among legal authorities, who see it as potentially affecting the outcome of the Presidential and congressional elections. ‘You don’t do this,’ one former senior Justice Department official exclaimed. ‘It’s aberrational. It violates decades of practice.’ The reason, according to the former official, who asked not to be identified because of ongoing cases involving the department, ‘is because it impugns the integrity and reputation of the candidate, even though there’s no finding by a court, or in this instance even an indictment.'” There was also the tweetstorm from former DOJ spokesperson Matthew Miller, in which he eviscerated Comey’s actions. He also wrote a more cohesive piece for the Washington Post , in which he said : “With each step, Comey moved further away from department guidelines and precedents, culminating in Friday’s letter to Congress. This letter not only violated Justice rules on commenting on ongoing investigations but also flew in the face of years of precedent about how to handle sensitive cases as Election Day nears.” All of this makes one wonder – what is Comey’s motivation here? Comey, a Republican appointed by President Obama, is breaking rules of tradition left and right. And Trump’s own daughter-in-law is on record saying that she believes the Republican nominee “forced their hand.” No matter the motivation, the “scandal” is dead in the water, no matter how much the Republicans and the Trump campaign wish it were truly the “October surprise” they’ve been waiting for … rather than another woman coming forward and accusing their nominee of sexual assault. That number stands at 12 and counting. The Clinton campaign, to their credit, is calling for complete transparency from the FBI in the matter. Listen to Lara Trump gleefully say she believes The Donald is behind this: 
Featured Image via screenshot from YouTube video About Carrie MacDonald 
Carrie is a progressive mom and wife living in the upper Midwest. Connect",0
3931,"Al-Qaeda, Islamic State Set Eyes on Attacking China","The Islamic State ( ) and its rival   have recently published propaganda videos explicitly calling on jihadists from China’s Uighur minority who have joined the terrorist groups to attack the communist country. [Dr. Uran Botobekov, an expert on political Islam, argues in an   published by the Diplomat that Beijing should take the threats seriously.  “It must be noted that these two groups [ISIS and  ] have similar strategies of jihad against Beijing and   propaganda tactics,” notes Dr. Botobekov. “The main characters in both videos are Uyghur militants fighting under the auspices of ISIS and   in Syria and Iraq. Both videos feature calls to the Muslim world to wage jihad against the kafirs [ ] of China and to perform acts of revenge for the deaths of Uyghur Muslims in Xinjiang. ” The Chinese province of Xinjiang, which borders   Afghanistan and volatile   Kashmir, is home to China’s largest concentration of Uyghurs, or Uighurs. China’s communist government has acknowledged that jihadist groups, particularly the   affiliate known as the Turkistan Islamic Party (TIP) pose a “grave threat” to “security and stability of China and the region. ” During a Chinese military parade on February 28 featuring 10, 000 armed police officers, Chen Quanguo, the Communist Party’s secretary in China’s autonomous province of Xinjiang, urged Chinese authorities to “bury the corpses of terrorists and terror gangs in the vast sea of the people’s war,” reports the Shanghaiist. Xinjiang, which borders   Afghanistan and volatile   Kashmir, is home to China’s largest concentration of Uyghurs, or Uighurs. In late February, ISIS and the    TIP released propaganda videos featuring members of China’s Uyghur Muslim minority vowing to carry out attacks on Chinese soil. “Soon the black flag of Tawhid [Unity of Allah] will be hanging in the capital cities of the United States, Russia, and China,” declares a Chinese Uyghur jihadist in the ISIS video. “Oh, you Chinese, who do not understand what people say! We are the soldiers of Allah, will make you understand Islam with the tongues of our weapons. We will come to you to shed blood like rivers and avenge the oppressed,” he adds before savagely decapitating a prisoner dressed in red, a color traditionally associated with communism. China has repeatedly denied allegations of religious persecution against its Uighur population, described as oppressed by Beijing in an assessment from the New America   last year. The recent threats against China come amid mounting pressure from U. S.  local forces fighting both ISIS and   in the Middle East. In his Diplomat piece, Dr. Botobekov, notes, “The leaders of global jihadist movements are likely to want to relocate the center of the conflict area closer to China, Central Asia, and Afghanistan after the downfall of the Islamic State in the Middle East. ” ISIS is increasingly losing territory to U. S.  troops in Iraq and Syria. Although   is believed to be benefiting from the international community’s primary focus on its younger rival ISIS in the Middle East, the older terrorist group is also taking losses. Dr. Botobekov writes: Despite significant losses on the battlefield, ISIS and   are intensifying propaganda activities in the virtual world. Last month, both groups released media targeting China specifically  …     The final days of February 2017 saw both ISIS and a group affiliated with   target China specifically. Given that both have carried out devastating terrorist attacks, it’s reasonable to say that Beijing needs to take the Islamists’ threats seriously. ISIS and   have established official branches in Asia, particularly in Afghanistan  —   the Khorasan Province (   ) and the   in the Indian Subcontinent (AQIS) respectively. In late February, ISIS released a propaganda video specifically targeting citizens of Central and Asia and China. Days later, the Turkestan Islamic Party published its own propaganda video targeting China. “Interestingly, the video prepared by ISIS takes aim both at China and at the TIP,” notes the  . The South China Morning Post reports that Beijing is planning to boost military spending to combat Uyghur jihadists in Xinjiang.",0
3932,Белый дом усиленно прячет свидетельства своих преступлений | Новое восточное обозрение,"Регион: США в мире Как отмечает в своей новой статье американский журналист Мартин Бергер, с учетом все громче раздающихся требований международной общественности по привлечению представителей нынешней американской администрации к ответственности за гибель тысяч мирных жителей по вине Вашингтона на Ближнем Востоке, в Африке и Азии в последнее десятилетие, в Белом доме стали проявлять паническое опасение, что конкретные свидетельства этих преступлений могут быть раскрытыми. В этих условиях Белый дом через своих публичных представителей, подконтрольные СМИ и значительно усиленную в последнее время пропагандистскую машину США стремится всячески замалчивать о фактах гибели по вине военных США мирных жителей в Ираке, Сирии и других странах, где осуществляется с участием Вашингтона вооруженная агрессия и военные действия. Журналистам и обозревателям Белым домом «рекомендуется» переводить акценты на действия вооруженных сил противников США на Ближнем Востоке, в том числе использовать для этого и явно надуманные и ложные обвинения в адрес России, Ирана, официального Дамаска для создания у обывателей мнения о вине именно военных этих стран, а не США, в гуманитарных катастрофах, якобы гибели только по их вине мирных жителей региона. В Пентагоне демонстративно занижают количество погибших мирных жителей в результате атак ВВС США в Ираке и Сирии, предлагая общественности цифру в 64 человек убитых и восемь раненых за период с ноября 2015 года по сентябрь 2016 года из-за авиаударов ВВС США в Сирии и Ираке. С неимоверно заниженными Вашингтоном приводимыми сведениями о гибели мирных граждан не согласна Amnesty International и многие эксперты , предполагающие, что за время возглавляемых США авианалетов было убито до 2 750 мирных жителей, но не менее 300. Поэтому, считает автор, усиленно раскручиваемая Белым домом истерия о якобы виновности России и Дамаска в гибели мирных жителей Алеппо, без предъявления каких-либо конкретных документальных свидетельств, является прямым свидетельством стремления нынешней администрации искусственно сместить акценты и путем распространяемой лжи попытаться уйти от собственной ответственности за военные преступления. Но, как показывает последний доклад МУС о военных преступлениях США в Афганистане, виновные в них все равно будут найдены и им не удастся уйти от ответственности перед международной общественностью. С полным содержанием статьи вы можете ознакомиться здесь . Популярные статьи ",0
3933,YOUTUBE BANS ‘CLINTON’S BLACK SON’,"YOUTUBE BANS ‘CLINTON’S BLACK SON’   Tweet 
NEW YORK –YouTube on Wednesday suspended the account of Danney Williams, the 30-year-old man who has claimed since the 1990s to be the black son of former President Bill Clinton. 
YouTube, citing “repeated or severe violations of our Terms of Use and/or Community Guidelines,” declared the account “cannot be restored.” 
The YouTube decision blocked the nine-minute feature “BANISHED – The Untold Story of Danney Williams,” which had received 1.2 million views since Williams posted it last week. Produced by filmmaker Joel Gilbert, it drew nearly 100,000 views per day and more than 1,000 viewer comments, with the overwhelming majority expressing support for Williams and outrage at the Clintons for not being willing to allow a DNA test to determine paternity. 
Sign the precedent-setting petition supporting Trump’s call for an independent prosecutor to investigate Hillary Clinton! 
“My YouTube account has been deleted, but the same video appears in 50 other places on YouTube alone,” Williams said on his Facebook page after being notified of YouTube’s decision. “[YouTube] can’t handle the truth! Please share #BillClintonSon.” 
Twitter also continues to allow Williams to post the “Banished” video on Danney Williams’ page , but the Twitter link to YouTube displays the message : “This video is no longer available because the YouTube account associated with this video has been terminated. Sorry about that.”",0
3934,Senators Propose Giving States Option to Keep Affordable Care Act - The New York Times,"WASHINGTON  —   Several Republican senators on Monday proposed a partial replacement for the Affordable Care Act that would allow states to continue operating under the law if they choose, a proposal meant to appeal to critics and supporters of former President Barack Obama’s signature health law. But the plan was attacked by Democrats as a step back from the Affordable Care Act’s protections, and it was unlikely to win acceptance from conservative Republicans who want to get rid of the law and its tax increases as soon as possible. If anything, the proposal  —   by Senators Bill Cassidy of Louisiana, a medical doctor, and Susan Collins of Maine, a moderate Republican  —   may show how difficult it will be for Republicans to enact a replacement for the Affordable Care Act. Legislation that can pass muster in the more conservative House may not win enough support in the Senate. A bill with broad appeal in the Senate may fail in the House. Under the proposal, states could stay with the Affordable Care Act, or they could receive a similar amount of federal money, which consumers could use to pay for medical care and health insurance. “We are moving the locus of repeal to state government,” Mr. Cassidy said. “States should have the right to choose. ” The proposal shares some features with House Republican proposals: It would encourage greater use of health savings accounts and eliminate the requirement for most Americans to have insurance or pay a tax penalty. But the option for states to keep the Affordable Care Act alive will rankle the most conservative Republicans who have been trying for nearly seven years to blow it up. “Obamacare is flawed, failing and not fixable, and it needs to be fully repealed,” said Representative Mark Meadows of North Carolina, the chairman of the House Freedom Caucus. A stalemate between the House and Senate would leave in place Mr. Obama’s health law, but efforts by President Trump and Congress to undermine it could send health insurance markets into a tailspin. On Friday, as one of his first official acts as president, Mr. Trump signed an executive order that could allow officials to ease up on enforcement of the mandate requiring most Americans to have insurance. Supporters of the Affordable Care Act panned the   proposal. “Millions of Americans would be kicked off their plans,    costs and deductibles for consumers would skyrocket, and protections for people with   conditions, such as cancer, would be gutted,” said the Senate Democratic leader, Chuck Schumer of New York. Ronald F. Pollack, the executive director of Families USA, a   consumer group, said the bill “falls way short of providing the protections and coverage people have under the Affordable Care Act. ” Ms. Collins said the bill would allow states to “keep the Affordable Care Act if it is working for their residents. ” But she predicted that most states would choose something different. Under the   bill, states could enroll people who would otherwise be uninsured in health plans providing basic coverage. These   health plans are intended to protect consumers against catastrophic medical expenses. They would cover generic versions of prescription drugs, and they would also have to cover recommended childhood immunizations without  . States would contract with one or more insurers to offer this coverage. Consumers could buy “more robust coverage” if they want, Mr. Cassidy said, but they could be automatically enrolled, by default, in the   health plans providing basic coverage. “A state could say, ‘All those eligible are enrolled unless they choose not to be,’” he explained. This “passive enrollment” would provide insurers with a large pool of customers, including many healthy people, without the coercion of an “individual mandate,” Mr. Cassidy said. “We think that we could cover more people than Obamacare,” Mr. Cassidy said, although he acknowledged that the effects of his bill had not been analyzed by the Congressional Budget Office, which serves as Capitol Hill’s official scorekeeper. If a state opts out of the Affordable Care Act, many of the federal insurance standards established under the law would no longer apply. The bill would repeal federal benefit mandates that “often force Americans to pay for coverage they don’t need and can’t afford,” Mr. Cassidy said. But some protections would remain in place. Parents would still be allowed to keep children on their insurance until the age of 26, and insurers could not impose annual or lifetime limits on benefits. The   bill, called the Patient Freedom Act, would eliminate not only the unpopular individual mandate, but also the federal requirement for larger employers to offer coverage to   employees. Mr. Cassidy said that Senators Shelley Moore Capito of West Virginia and Johnny Isakson of Georgia, both Republicans, were also sponsors of the bill. The Senate majority leader, Mitch McConnell, Republican of Kentucky, and the No. 2 Senate Republican, John Cornyn of Texas, were sponsors of a similar bill that Mr. Cassidy introduced in 2015. But the legislative landscape is different now. Republicans in Congress can repeal the Affordable Care Act, with support from Mr. Trump. In the Senate, they will need help from Democrats to adopt a replacement because Republicans are eight votes shy of the 60 needed to stop a filibuster.",0
3935,Collective Consciousness – The Individual is Gone,"Waking Times 
“In the middle of all the brain-research going on, from one end of the planet to the other, there is the assumption that the individual doesn’t really exist. He’s a fiction. There is only the motion of particles in the brain. Therefore, nothing is inviolate, nothing is protected. Make the brain do A, make it do B; it doesn’t matter. What matters is harmonizing these tiny particles, in order to build a collective consensus, in order to force a science of behavior.” ~The Underground, Jon Rappoport 
Individual power. Your power. 
It stands as the essence of what the founding documents of the American Republic are all about, once you scratch below the surface a millimeter or so. 
Therefore, it stands to reason that colleges and universities would be teaching courses in INDIVIDUAL POWER. 
As soon as I write that, though, we all fall down laughing, because we understand the absurdity of such a proposition. Can you imagine Harvard endowing a chair in Individual Power? 
Students would tear down the building in which such courses were taught. They’ve been carefully instructed that the individual is the greatest living threat to the planet. 
If you can’t see that as mind control, visit your local optometrist and get a prescription for glasses. 
So we have this astonishing situation: the very basis of freedom has no reflection in the educational system. 
You can say “individual” within certain limited contexts. You can say “power,” if you’re talking about nuclear plants, or if you’re accusing someone of a crime, but if you put “individual” and “power” together and attribute a positive quality to the combination, you’re way, way outside the consensus. You’re crazy. You’re committing some kind of treason. 
In order to spot the deepest versions of educational brainwashing, YOU HAVE TO HAVE SOME STANDARD AGAINST WHICH YOU CAN COMPARE WHAT IS COMING DOWN THE PIPELINE INTO THE MINDS OF STUDENTS. 
If you lack that standard, you miss most of the action. 
If you lack that standard, you have already been worked over by the system. 
And in this case, the standard is INDIVIDUAL POWER. 
Clean it off, hose off the dirt, polish it, look at it, think about it, remember it. 
Then you’ll see some Grade-A prime mind control. Everywhere. Because schools either don’t mention it, or they discredit it. 
Back in the days when I was writing on assignment for newspapers and magazines, I pitched a story about individual power to an editor. I wanted to trace its history as an idea over the past ten years. 
He looked at me for a few seconds. He looked at me as if I’d just dropped some cow flop on his desk. He knew I wasn’t kidding and I had something I could write and turn in to him, but that made it worse. He began to squirm in his chair. 
He laughed nervously. 
He said, “This isn’t what we do.” 
For him, I was suddenly radioactive. 
I had a similar experience with a high-school history teacher in California. We were having lunch in a cafe in Santa Monica, and I said, “You should teach a course in individual power. The positive aspects. No group stuff. Just the individual.” 
He frowned a deep intellectual frown, as if I’d just opened my jacket and exposed a few sticks of dynamite strapped to my chest. As if he was thinking about which agency of the government to report me to. 
Now, for the schizoid part. The movies. Television. Video games. Comics. Graphic novels. They are filled to the brim, they are overflowing with individual heroes who have considerable power. These entertainment businesses bank billions of dollars, because people want to immerse themselves in that universe where the individual is supreme. They want it badly. 
But when it comes to “real” life, power stops at the front door and no one answers the bell. 
Suddenly, the hero, the person with power is anathema. He’s left holding the bag. So he adjusts. He waits. He wonders. He settles for less, far less. He stifles his hopes. He shrinks. He forgets. He develops “problems” and tries to solve them within an impossibly narrow context. He redefines success and victory down to meet limited expectations. He strives for the normal and the average. For his efforts, he receives tidbits, like a dog looking up at his master. 
If that isn’t mind control, nothing is. 
Once we enter a world where the individual no longer has credibility, a world where “greatest good for the greatest number” is the overriding principle, and where that principle is defined by the elite few, the term “mind control” will have a positive connotation. It will be accepted as the obvious strategy for achieving “peace in our time.” 
At a job interview, a candidate will say, “Yes, I received my PhD in Mind Control at Yale, and then I did three years of post-doc work in Cooperative Learning Studies at MIT. My PhD thesis? It was titled, ‘Coordination Strategies in the Classroom for Eliminating the Concept of the Individual.’” 
From Wikipedia, “Cooperative Learning”: 
“Students must work in groups to complete tasks collectively toward academic goals. Unlike individual learning, which can be competitive in nature, students learning cooperatively can capitalize on one another’s resources and skills…Furthermore, the teacher’s role changes from giving information to facilitating students’ learning. Everyone succeeds when the group succeeds.” 
That is a towering assemblage of bullshit. 
“Everyone succeeds when the group succeeds.” You could use that quote on the back cover of Orwell’s 1984 or Huxley’s Brave New World . Everyone does not succeed—because the individual never finds out what he can do on his own. That avenue is cut off. He only knows what he can achieve in combination with others. He only knows what he can understand when he borrows from others. He may never glimpse what he truly wants to do in life. 
This is a tragic situation, but the tragedy is concealed, because the memory of shifting from individual independence to group dependence is gone. There is no such memory. A child is brought up without independence. Therefore, how can he recall losing it? 
He only knows the group and the team and the participation and the praise. He only knows the organizing of his life within a synthetically produced context. 
He is taught that this is good and necessary. 
So, one day, when a bolt comes out of the blue and he recognizes he is himself, what will he use to grasp that revelation and build on it? 
Yes, there are productive groups and teams, and one is always working with others, to some degree. But the core and the starting point is one’s self. That is where the insight and the magic begin. That is where the great decisions and commitments are made. That is where the world is born, every day. 
I see no end of writing about this magic, because civilization has been turned upside down by treacherous people who have been fabricating a counter-tradition that will sink the ship. About the Author 
Jon Rappoport is the author of three explosive collections, THE MATRIX REVEALED , EXIT FROM THE MATRIX , and POWER OUTSIDE THE MATRIX , Jon was a candidate for a US Congressional seat in the 29 th District of California. He maintains a consulting practice for private clients, the purpose of which is the expansion of personal creative power. Nominated for a Pulitzer Prize, he has worked as an investigative reporter for 30 years, writing articles on politics, medicine, and health for CBS Healthwatch, LA Weekly, Spin Magazine, Stern, and other newspapers and magazines in the US and Europe. Jon has delivered lectures and seminars on global politics, health, logic, and creative power to audiences around the world. You can sign up for his free emails at NoMoreFakeNews.com or OutsideTheRealityMachine . 
(To read about Jon’s mega-collection, Exit From The Matrix , click here .) 
This article ( Collective Consciousness – The Individual is Gone ) was originally created and published by Jon Rappaport’s Blog and is re-posted here with permission. 
~~ Help Waking Times to raise the vibration by sharing this article with friends and family…",0
3936,Elites Have Secretly “Banked On Trump Victory,"Elites Have Secretly “Banked On Trump Victory 11/09/2016 
SILVERISTHENEW 
There’s more than one way for the establishment to yield power from this election. 
The first path is obvious, direct and potentially deadly. A Hillary presidency will be surrounded by bitter people, and overt uses of power, along with war, increased taxes and thinly-veiled pay-for-play politics benefiting the billionaires who’ve bankrolled her rise to power. 
The other path is less predictable, but possible just the perfect “magic formula” they need to get things flowing again. 
The Brexit vote, a by-product of populist anger against economic stagnation and political angst, was secretly a win for those who wield power from the financial sector. 
In the end, the disquiet of the people has proven to be the secret ingredient to stirring something up in an economy otherwise stymied by quantitative easing and dismal economic returns. 
As Zero Hedge explains , it just may be, particularly in light of some of the statements that have been made by significant figures on Wall Street: 
So yes, inflation is possible, it just can’t coexist with political stability, which may explain why – according to some more conspiratorial elements – a “surprising” Trump victory on Tuesday may be assured : after all, what better way to unleash political instability than to inaugurate the candidate who promises a full break with the establishment as we know it. If in the process, it leads to a surge in much needed inflation, now that QE has tried and failed, it’s a price the establishment, reeling under the weight of record global debt, is willing to pay. 
One River Asset Management’s Eric Peters laying out his inflationary “revelation”: “British spenders have entirely looked through post-Brexit uncertainty,” said Mark Carney [governor of the Bank of England]. … So the Bank of England forecast its biggest inflation overshoot since 1997; expecting 2018 price gains to peak at +2.8%. What’s it tell us? 
A populist uprising, compromised free trade, immigration restrictions, a 15% currency devaluation, 0.50% interest rates combined with aggressive QE is today’s magic formula for modestly exceeding a 2% inflation target 2yrs hence. 
[…]we live in the 2010s, and inflationary expectations have succumbed to decades of independent central banking. Economic volatility is remarkably muted too. With it has come a long period of political stability. […] And we also know that a long period of political stability is drawing to a close. 
But we can’t be sure that political volatility will increase inflation volatility. Nor can we be sure that it won’t. It all depends on time and place. And today’s time and place is something new. 
Is this proof that the elite are secretly planning to make lemonade from the lemons of American discontent and the wild card candidacy of Donald Trump? 
That is a difficult call to make, but it is worth noting that there is clearly an advantage to be held if this outcome does occur. 
As Tumelar notes, the fix is in either way: 
It’s either inflation by Trump’s victory or by WW3 started by Hillary Clinton. 
A hard choice for the banksters. 
Of course, the situation is much more complicated than just inflation, or any one factor. There is a great deal of speculation that the end of QE, known to be no longer effective at stimulating the economy has made a stock market collapse inevitable, subject to the Fed raises rates. 
It appears that Yellen has been waiting for the outcome of the election, and one way or another, will dump the next crisis on the next president. If that proves to be Trump, he will be blamed for the downfall… meanwhile, there will be those waiting in the shadows to profit from disaster. 
For his part, astute columnist Brandon Smith has consistently argued that the elite have chosen Trump and will allow him to take the presidency – only to use the unpredictability as a catalyst for order out of chaos, and the institution of great political and economic controls over the country: 
The vast majority of analysts in the mainstream and in the alternative media refused to acknowledge the possibility that a successful Brexit actually works in FAVOR of the globalists, because it provides them a perfect scapegoat for a financial crisis that has been broiling for years and is now ready to burst into flames. 
[…] 
I argue that the globalists want Trump in office, just as they wanted the passage of the Brexit. I argue that they need conservative movements to feel as though we have won, so that they can pull the rug out from under us in the near future. I argue that we are being set up. 
Again, the elites are openly telling us what is about to happen. They are telling us that if “populists” (conservatives) gain political power, the system will effectively collapse. To what extent is hard to say, but let’s assume that the situation will be ugly enough to influence the masses to reconsider the ideal of globalism as a possible solution. The elites are fond of the Hegelian dialectic and the philosophy of “order out of chaos,” after all. 
Again, the reasons parallel the reasons that Brexit was able to succeed in spite of fierce establishment opposition. 
The master manipulators are adaptive to any market conditions, and their influence runs deeper than the electorate of any given political season. Its agents and officers instruct the candidates and make demands, not the other way around. 
In a puppeteer’s world, must we always argue for the existence of puppets on every stage? 
Read more:",0
3937,"Out of Prison for Acid Attack, Dancer Hopes to Get Back to the Bolshoi - The New York Times","MOSCOW  —   Pavel V. Dmitrichenko, the dancer released from prison after being convicted of engineering an acid attack that exposed the hidden intrigues of the Bolshoi Ballet, asked to meet outside the theater where he had so spectacularly fallen from grace, and where he already envisions his return. With the famous facade glowing pink in the soft light of a summer evening, Mr. Dmitrichenko looked around and pronounced himself entirely at home. “I always forget the bad things,” he said at the start of a   interview recently, his first since being released. “It seems like I was working here just yesterday. Those years passed as a single bad dream. ” In December 2013, Mr. Dmitrichenko was sentenced to six years in prison for plotting an attack on Sergei Filin, the Bolshoi’s artistic director, in January of that year. Last month he was released early for good behavior. The dancer, 32, with green eyes and an unruly shock of dishwater blond hair, looked fit if somewhat chunkier than in his halcyon days as a Bolshoi soloist. He gained fame for playing villains including Ivan the Terrible in the ballet of the same name and Von Rothbart in “Swan Lake. ” He said he was drawn to the type. “Those roles were very strong in terms of drama and interesting to play,” he said. “You also have to demonstrate your power, your energy and your character. It is very different from playing just some prince. ” Ivan the Terrible, he added, gets a bad rap, anyway. To hear Mr. Dmitrichenko tell it, so did he when he was cast as the evil mastermind of one of the biggest scandals in the 240 years of Bolshoi history. “I don’t admit my guilt,” he said. “I didn’t during the court proceedings, and I still don’t. ” Prosecutors painted Mr. Dmitrichenko as upset that Mr. Filin had denied important roles to Anzhelina Vorontsova, his girlfriend. Mr. Dmitrichenko had also expressed public frustration over the low pay and poor treatment of dancers under Mr. Filin. During the trial, he and his lawyer tried to depict the attack as a simple warning run amok. Mr. Dmitrichenko told the court that he had asked Yuri Zarutsky, an acquaintance and a former convict, to “knock around” Mr. Filin, but maintained that Mr. Zarutsky took it upon himself to embellish the assault by dousing Mr. Filin’s face with acid. Mr. Zarutsky was sentenced to 10 years for conspiring to cause bodily harm. Mr. Dmitrichenko now labels the whole affair pure fiction. It was all a plot, he said, by Mr. Filin and his allies in the Bolshoi to remove him from the scene because he was vocal about their corrupt practices and would not be intimidated. The revisions spill out in dizzying, not to say implausible, succession: He never spoke to Mr. Zarutsky about Mr. Filin. He denied that he admitted as much in court. Ms. Vorontsova was not his girlfriend. He even raises doubts that there was any acid attack since Mr. Filin has little noticeable scaring and can drive, despite the seeming lack of an iris in one eye that he keeps hidden behind sunglasses. “That story is entirely invented” by enemies, he said. “The whole story is about a battle for power something done from fear that I had uncovered their illegal activities. My mistake was making a public statement about this. ” He does not want to dissect the details, preferring to concentrate on his hopes to return to the stage, preferably at the Bolshoi. There was no barre behind bars, but he tried to stay in shape. His first cell was so constricted that he was limited to a few calisthenics like leg lifts and situps, he said. He did not go outside for an entire year. For the rest of the time things were better. He had a narrow space of about 10 square meters (about 108 square feet) where he could run back and forth. Pirouettes were out of the question. Instead he pumped iron. Being a ballet star did not earn him distinct treatment from the guards or fellow inmates. Mr. Dmitrichenko said he was locked up with a varied cast of characters including businessmen, actors and even a circus performer. He started to rehearse again almost as soon as he was released. The first 30 minutes felt a little odd, he said, but then the training that started when he was 6 (he is the son of two dancers) kicked in and everything felt normal. Vladimir Urin, the new director of the Bolshoi, appointed in the wake of the scandal, told the Russian media that Mr. Dmitrichenko could audition like anybody else if he wanted to return to the company. The theater is evidently trying put the scandal in the past. The Bolshoi held a news conference in March to unveil a sweeping history of the institution in Russian and English commissioned from the New   writer Solomon Volkov to mark its 240th anniversary. The documentary “Bolshoi Babylon” was released in December. The scandal inevitably prompted questions. Reporters asked Mr. Urin if he had commissioned the book and approved the film in an attempt at distraction from the scandal. “It is not true that the sly director made such cunning plans,” he said, while stressing that he wanted to make the cultural powerhouse more open. It is not clear, though, that the two main characters have entirely left the stage. Awkwardly, Mr. Dmitrichenko and Mr. Filin still live in the same Moscow apartment building where the attack occurred. But Mr. Dmitrichenko said they had not encountered each other. Mr. Filin was dismissed as artistic director earlier this year, then given a position as head of a Bolshoi workshop fostering young choreographers. In an interview in May, he said he would be concerned for his safety if Mr. Dmitrichenko were freed. His lawyer went to court to try to have the release rescinded. Other dancers and the film portray Mr. Filin as a slippery character, while Mr. Dmitrichenko was sometimes described as overly emotional. Both men appear resigned to the idea that they might work under the same roof again. Mr. Dmitrichenko said the main point was that he emerged from prison with his dignity intact and hoped that the whole episode would just burnish his audience appeal. “I think people will want to see someone who dances again after living in such circumstances,” he said.",0
3938,"Torn Ballet Shoes, and a Life Upended - The New York Times","ISTANBUL  —   For the first time in half a year, the Turkish novelist Asli Erdogan returned the other day to her Istanbul apartment, a home left ransacked when she was arrested and sent to prison in August. She discovered that many things were missing: flash drives containing her work and reviews from European literary journals, letters written to her by Kurdish prisoners, and books on Kurdish history. Left behind were the objects of another of her passions: her ballet shoes, torn apart. That is what made her cry. “Somehow the unfairness of it all hit me with the ballet shoes,” she said in a recent interview. “That was suddenly too much. ” Ms. Erdogan, 49, a    who has always been more celebrated in European literary circles than in Turkish ones, is trying to put her life back together after being imprisoned under the latest crackdown on freedom of expression by the Islamist government of Turkey’s president, Recep Tayyip Erdogan (who is not related to the author). She was arrested and charged with supporting terrorism, not because of her novels but as a result of her affiliation, as an adviser, with a newspaper linked to the Kurdish movement that has since been shut down. She still faces a trial that could land her back in prison, and with that hanging over her, she has been living with her mother, sleeping late, not writing much and dealing with the new fame that her case has brought. Nowadays, on the streets of Istanbul, people recognize her. “It is moving. Sometimes people put their arms on me and cry,” she said. “I receive lots of love. That is a big responsibility. ” There is a downside. “I also receive negative reactions, too: curses and lectures on patriotism,” she said. That can feel harrowing in Turkey, which has a long tradition of not just locking up writers and journalists but of violence against them, wielded by vigilantes who seem to take their cues from officials who brand as traitors those writers who go beyond what the government deems acceptable language. In the 1940s, the leftist writer Sabahattin Ali was believed to have been murdered by a state agent. In 2007, the   journalist Hrant Dink was assassinated by a nationalist gunman who may have been acting on the orders of the   deep state. And, last year, a man outside a courtroom fired a shot at Can Dundar, a newspaper editor accused of publishing state secrets. Once, Ms. Erdogan said, she “was an outcast in literary circles” in Turkey for her existentialist writings, which appealed more to a European audience. “I have more readers in Sweden than here,” she said. Growing up in a household that valued education  —   her father is an engineer, her mother an economist  —   she attended the prestigious Bosporus University. Trained as a physicist, she began writing seriously on the side in the early 1990s while pursuing graduate studies in Switzerland. There, in a tiny room in Geneva, she wrote all night after full days in the research lab, eventually producing the story collection “The Miraculous Mandarin. ” A few years later, while studying for her doctorate in Brazil, she gave up physics for good. “One morning I woke up and didn’t go to my exams,” she said. Now, as her fame in Turkey grows, her books have been selling more, and her publisher has issued new printings. One volume of short stories, “The Stone Building and Other Places,” has become a best seller in Turkey. “The City in Crimson Cloak” is perhaps her   book, and the only one that has been published in English. It is a recreation of the myth of Orpheus set in the gritty and violent back streets of Rio de Janeiro, where Ms. Erdogan once lived. She describes her writing as “sublime language plus crude metaphors” that has had only a limited appeal in Turkey, where readers tend to flock to realistic works steeped in Ottoman history or nostalgia, like the books of Orhan Pamuk, Turkey’s   novelist. “There’s nothing realistic in my books,” she said. “I am a difficult writer. ” The darkness of her writing is a reflection of her personality. She has always lived “a life of extreme loneliness,” she said, and the prevailing theme of her work is the brokenness of human beings, what she refers to as their “wounds. ” “Asli Erdogan’s literature is dark, pessimistic,” said Sema Kaygusuz, a Turkish novelist. “The world in Erdogan’s mind is a wounded body. A body constantly bleeding, a body in anguish. She carries this body both linguistically and psychologically. She identifies with the wound. The pain the author is in is not a personal one in this sense, but it is the pain of the world. ” Even in Europe, in the earlier days of Ms. Erdogan’s writing career, her work was a tough sell, defying the expectations the outside world places on Turkish novelists. “So many publishers told me, ‘Oh your writing is great, it’s impressive, but, you see, this existentialist stuff, we have done already,’” she said. “‘But why don’t you write us about your own little village? ’” With her arrest and time in prison, Ms. Erdogan has joined many of her Turkish literary contemporaries, and forebears, in a common experience. Most of the country’s great writers have, at one time or another, run up against Turkey’s restrictions of freedom of expression. The reasons differ in different eras. Ms. Erdogan was arrested for her association with a Kurdish movement that the government now considers a terrorist group. Mr. Pamuk once faced criminal charges for “insulting Turkishness. ” Elif Shafak, another of Turkey’s internationally known novelists, once ran afoul of Turkish authorities for writing about the Armenian genocide, still denied by the Turkish government. “Every writer, every poet and every journalist in Turkey knows that words can get us into serious trouble any day, any moment,” Ms. Shafak wrote in a recent email. “When we write,” she added, “there is this ominous knowledge at the back of our minds. ” At every turn, Ms. Erdogan’s story comes back to books: the books she has already written and the ones she plans to write, the books the police seized from her apartment, the books she read while in prison. To describe the entire experience  —   navigating the Turkish law and prison bureaucracy  —   she leans on a literary reference, saying it has been “more than Kafkaesque. ” In prison, which included several days in solitary confinement sleeping, she said, on a bed that smelled of urine, she passed the time and drew comfort from books brought to her by her lawyers, or mailed to her by friends. She read volumes on world history, and novels by J. M. Coetzee, Iris Murdoch, Henry James, Marcel Proust and Kafka, and the poems of Rainer Maria Rilke and Paul Celan, a favorite of hers. From the prison library, she read “Shoah,” the text to the acclaimed 1985 documentary by Claude Lanzman. So far, Ms. Erdogan said she has resisted calls to write a memoir of her time in prison, saying she is not ready. “I know I could write a best seller very easily about my prison days,” she said. She still might, although it will most likely take a long time. Sometimes, she said, it takes her six or seven years to write a hundred pages. “When I hear the right voice, and I catch it, it carries me,” she said. “If I don’t, forget it. ”",0
3939,The Clinton FBI Investigation Just Got Real,"The FBI is now “actively and aggressively” probing into Clinton Foundation corruption. The Clinton campaign is going down. The FBI seems to be sick of the DoJ’s favoritism. 
Via YourNewsWire 

Two separate sources have told Fox News about serious new breaks in the investigation. The fact that this is being reported on an MSM site is huge, bigger than huge.
Did you catch that? The laptops that everyone THOUGHT the FBI destroyed were NOT, in fact, destroyed. Anyone who is caught lying has voided their immunity deals. (cough, Cheryl Mills, cough) There are new, not-seen-before emails, even though Clinton said she disclosed them all. It’s goin’ down. Right now. All of those people who were prepared to take one for Team Clinton might want to reconsider. It’s hard to imagine even Teflon-coated Hillary Clinton getting out of this mess.
Watch this video and try to keep from jumping up and down with excitement: 
",0
3940,Assange: We Are Purposely Holding The Emails Back Until Election Day So They Cannot Have Time To Replace Hillary.” - USA SUPREME,"Subscribe 
John Pilger did an interview with Assange and is planning to use this material for his next documentary about Wikileaks founder! We are going to report with every major info from this interview in the next few days! Assange once again made an astonishing statement, and he confirmed his statement from a couple of days ago that Wikileaks will release election day bombshell, but also added that they are doing this for a reason! 
Assange offers several predictions and analyses, most quite revealing. He also hinted that he would expose the whole truth about Hillary on election day! Assange notes the most significant email in an entire load of emails may well be the one in which Hillary (2014) contacts John Podesta. This email states that “the governments of Qatar and Saudi Arabia which are providing clandestine financial and logistic support to ISIL and other radical Sunni groups in the region.” Assange notes that the backing is from “the governments of Saudi Arabia and Qatar.” 
However, he also gave his view about the election day bombshell with surprising statement: 
We Are Purposely Holding The Emails Back Until Election Day So They Cannot Have Time To Replace Hillary.” 
Pilger observes,”… ISIL or ISIS is created largely with money from the very people who are giving money to the Clinton Foundation, will the election day bombshell contain similar material .” Assange did not confirm this but just answered that would be very valuable information that could change everything. 
The slant of this interview is evident, but that does not make it incorrect. The challenge is to determine, logically and with the information at hand: is there sense and feasibility to Assange’s conclusions?(video below part 1 of the interview) 
Assange: The Global Elites Will Not Allow Donald Trump To you can read the full article on the following link http://www.usasupreme.com/assange-trump-will-not-global-elites-winvideo/ 
Posted by USA Supreme on Friday, November 4, 2016 Facebook Comments ",0
3941,Some Truth About Hillary & The Hackers,"Leave a reply 
Greg Rosenthal – I’ve been watching ridiculous stories on the “hacked” emails of Hillary, John Podesta, et al, and I think it’s time to insert a bit of reality to the discussion. So, if you have any interest in this, here are some points to consider: 1. Anyone could have hacked Hillary. 
People ask me, “Do you think it was the Russians who hacked Hillary?” I tell them that I have no idea who did it, but, “Yeah, sure, it could have been the Russians. Given the lack of security on her server, however, it could also have been the teenager down the street.” 
Hillary’s server was more or less wide open. Given enough motivation and a bit of time, any reasonably technical person could have stolen those emails. In the words of one specialist, Hillary’s server was “ total amateur hour .” How that happens for a Secretary of State (or a President) is a rather serious question. 
Bear in mind that this would be the right setup for purposely leaking information while still being able to claim ignorance, or at least incompetence. I have no idea whether that’s true or not, but I do have to wonder. 2. No one broke into Podesta’s computer. 
John Podesta, by all available information, wasn’t hacked, as most people envision hacking. Instead, he fell for a phishing scheme . Someone pretending to be Google suckered him into giving them his password. (You didn’t really think the elite were smarter than the rest of us, did you?) 
Once the phishers had Podesta’s password, the rest was simply a vacuuming operation. Then came some kind of handoff to Wikileaks, and the rest was history. And there will be fallout from this for a long time, whether or not media sellouts allow it to be reported. Lots of people are insulted and exposed in those emails. 3. Google has plenty of it. 
John Podesta, if you’ve noticed, used a gmail address, meaning that Google sucked his messages up as they were being written – all of them. They also had a ton of Hillary’s “lost” emails. Google literally owned every email from these addresses and dozens of others involved: 
john.podesta@gmail.com, cheryl.mills@gmail.com, brianefallon@gmail.com, lauren.elena.smith@gmail.com 
And perhaps more importantly, they have everything from bigcampaign@googlegroups.com. 
Please understand that Google processed those messages for profitable information immediately. If you have any doubt on this point, consider this: How long does it take them to show you ads for ski resorts after you search for ski boots? 
Please don’t imagine that they don’t look at political things; those are far more valuable than your skiing habits, and Google survives by mining information. (In other words, they grab everything they can… which you agreed to in their terms of service.) Google doesn’t charge for your searches, do they? And yet they bring in billions of dollars per month. 
This is a useful question: What might you do with tens of thousands of emails to and from insiders and acres of computers to sort them all? Well, that’s about what Google’s doing. 4. NSA has it all. 
The NSA has almost everything. We’ve known for a decade or more that they were simply copying everything that went through AT&T facilities . Their data center in Utah was built to store and search all those communications. 
William Binney , formerly a senior official at NSA, says that it was probably an intelligence worker behind the DNC leaks, and he might be right – they have it all. 
The NSA, put simply, is the largest hacker collective on the planet. They can take over more or less what they want, when they want. 5. Other people have the emails. 
All those “lost” emails had recipients, didn’t they? Sure they did, and all those people – and their email servers – have or had copies of everything. And yet I’m not aware of any effort to gather them all up. 
This guy says hackers used his servers and that he has records… and that no one from the FBI has bothered to call him. 6. Julian Assange is a front man. 
Another good thing to understand is that Julian Assange is the face of Wikileaks, but he doesn’t do all the work himself, and he’s not manning the switches. Lots of other people are doing the daily work. Julian just volunteered to stand in front. And given what’s been happening to him over the past six years or so, you have to say that he’s one seriously brave and tough guy. 
One thing Julian gets solo credit for is exposing the Google-State Department connection. (Or perhaps partnership is a better term.) If you’d like the details, see this book by Assange . It’s pretty damning. 
And, by the way, Google’s bosses have visited the Obama White House literally hundreds of times . And Eric Schmidt (Google’s big boss) is very close to the Hillary campaign . 
Serious data protection requires a professional provider, not amateurs or hucksters. If you’re ready to be serious, Cryptohippie will let you try their service for free. One week, no credit card, no BS. Try it, then either buy or don’t. Use this link . 
Greg Rosenthal is a Contributing Writer for Shift Frequency SF Source Freeman’s Perspective Oct. 2016 Share this:",0
3942,Ikea Reaches $50 Million Settlement Over Deadly Furniture Accidents - The New York Times,"Ikea has reached a tentative settlement to pay $50 million to three American families whose young children were killed after the Swedish furniture company’s furniture fell on them, lawyers for the families said on Wednesday. The families of Curren Collas, Camden Ellis and Ted McGee, all around age 2, sued after the children were crushed to death by chests or dressers in Ikea’s Malm line. They contended that the unsafe design of the furniture rendered them “inherently unstable and easily tipped over” and that Ikea had consistently refused to meet voluntary national safety standards for the stability of chests and dressers. “These were three very preventable deaths that never needed to occur if Ikea had simply made dressers that met the voluntary national standard,” Alan M. Feldman, a partner with Feldman Shepherd, the law firm in Philadelphia that represents the families, said in a phone interview on Thursday. He was referring to the safety protocols set out by the United States Consumer Product Safety Commission. Ikea confirmed the tentative settlement in an email, Reuters reported on Thursday. In June, Ikea, the world’s largest furniture seller, announced a recall of 29 million chests and dressers in response to the deadly accidents. At least three other toddlers have been killed in   accidents involving the company’s furniture. A child dies once every two weeks on average in accidents involving toppled furniture or television sets, according to the safety commission. In a 2014 report, the commission said that children were the victims in 84 percent of the 430 deaths reported between 2000 and 2013 from   televisions, furniture and appliances about 65 percent of those children  —   or 234  —   were between 1 and 3½ years old. The settlement represented progress for consumer advocates who had been working since 1989 to hold the company accountable for the deaths of young children. In a statement released on Thursday, Senator Amy Klobuchar of Minnesota, who had pushed for a recall of the Ikea furniture, applauded the settlement but emphasized that the danger of furniture   went beyond the company’s faulty dressers. “Until we have effective standards in place, kids will continue to be at risk of injuries and death,” the statement said. Ms. Klobuchar has introduced legislation to push the commission to adopt stronger consumer safety standards for storage units.",0
3943,Tom Hayden on the Vietnam War and America’s Collective Memory,"Tom Hayden on the Vietnam War and America’s Collective Memory Posted on Oct 26, 2016 
Tom Hayden was a crucial figure in the student activist movements of the 1960s and 1970s, known for participating in anti-war protests and demonstrating for civil rights. Notably, he demonstrated against the Vietnam War and was even arrested for his anti-war efforts. Hayden died on Sunday at the age of 76, but even in the last few years he continued to remind America of the importance of activism. 
In a speech given last year at “Vietnam: The Power of Protest,” a conference in Washington, D.C., Hayden cited his activist history and urged Americans not to forget the powerful political movements of earlier decades. “[T]he struggle for memory and for history is a living thing,” he told the audience. “Each generation has to wrestle with the history of what came before, and ask: Whose interest does this history serve? How does it advance a legacy of social movements? How does it deny that legacy?” 
Hayden then began to explain the importance of remembering the widespread political activism of the ’60s and ’70s. “We gather here to remember the power that we had at one point, the power of the peace movement, and to challenge the Pentagon now on the battlefield of memory,” he said. He continued: 
There came a generation of career politicians who were afraid of association with the peace movement, who were afraid of being seen as soft, who saw that the inside track was the track of war. Our national forgetting is basically pathological. Our systems—politics, media, culture—are totally out of balance today because of our collective refusal to admit that the Vietnam War was wrong and that the peace movement was right. In the absence—in the absence of an established voice for peace in all the institutions, the neoconservatives will fill the foreign policy vacuum. Am I right? Will it not? Will it not advise both parties? I think, though, that American public opinion has shifted to a much more skeptical state of mind than earlier generations, but the spectrum of American politics and media has not. 
In order to fully unify, Hayden concluded, America must remember its past. Although he noted the many successes of the anti-war and pro-civil rights movements, he argues that activists must accept that they “all walked away” when the Vietnam War ended. “We might have been united,” Hayden said, “but instead, we were relegated to wondering what might have been.” 
Advertisement 
Watch Hayden’s full speech in the video below: 
</p><p>",0
3944,10 Last Minute Preps When A Disruptive Event Is Brewing,"in: News Articles , Preparedness\Survival Back in the early days, before writing about any one aspect of prepping, I had to do a lot of research. Online resources were meager so there was a lot of trial and error involved as I formulated my own preparedness strategy. Sadly, as I look back, there was considerable error. Who knew? The good news is that the school of hard prepping knocks has taught me a thing or two. This is especially true when it comes to last minute preps. Now that I am lot smarter, I thought it might be fun to put on my thinking cap and come up with a list of ten last minute preps that could be put into place if I had a modicum of warning that a storm or other disruptive event was brewing. There are two parts to this list, things to do and things to buy. Things To Do 1. Top Off Vehicles with Fuel I never let our two cars go under half a tank but even so, 100% full is always a better option than 50%. Hopefully I will get wind of the pending event soon enough to beat the crowds. 2. Do the Laundry It is not that I hate doing laundry but rather I get lazy about it. It is not unusual to have to do six loads at a time, simply due to procrastination. Given a brewing storm, you can bet the laundry will get done and while I am at it, the bedding will also get changed. 3. Inventory Prescription Drugs With my Ammo Can First Aid Kit already stocked and set aside, I will want to do a quick check on prescription meds and if necessary, get them refilled. 4. Charge All Electronic Devices Compared to six years ago, my home is overrun by electronic devices. Three Kindles, three iPads of varying ages, and four laptop computers, and two iPhones make up a motely crew of electronic devices that hold a wealth of both reference material and amusements. All can be charged using portable solar devices (which are pretty darn cheap these days), but if I am stuck indoors for any length of tine, solar is not going to help. 5. Set Out Spare Lanterns, Flashlights, and Batteries Why wait until the power is out before digging out your emergency light sources? As I say this, I am confident in the knowledge that I already have a flashlight in every room of the house as well as a portable lantern. Still, this would be a good time to check to ensure their batteries are fully charged. 6. Gather Fresh Biomass Rather than use up my back stock of charcoal and wood, I would prefer to burn the odd branches, twigs, leaves I find on the ground. They work perfectly in both my Solo Stove and EcoZoom rocket stoves . Plus, biomass is free for the taking. Things to Buy 7. Fresh Fruit and Vegetables As an experienced prepper I have a good supply of freeze-dried fruits and vegetables. But once a #10 can or pouch is opened, the 25 year shelf life is reduced to one or two years. For that reason, if a short term disruptive event is predicted, I will want to pick up fresh vegetables and fruits that require no refrigeration and can be eaten raw. The nice thing about fresh fruit and vegetables is that most last-minute disaster shoppers will be hitting the packaged and canned goods aisle. Let them. I am already well-stock with canned goods and want as much fresh stuff as I can get. 8. Wine and Spirits Not everyone consumes alcoholic beverages but here in my household, we do enjoy a nightly glass of wine or a cocktail . That said, I do not stockpile spirits to any great extent due to space considerations. My pre-event checklist would definitely include bottled beverages of the alcoholic type. 9. Paper Plates and Disposable Cups and Eating Utensils Water may be at a premium and where as I will want to use stored water for drinking and hygiene, using it for cleanup is not high on my list of priorities, Instead, I am going to want disposables. It might be a good idea to pick up extra trash bags as well. The goal is not to have to dig into long term emergency preps unless absolutely necessary, 10. Dark Chocolate You are going to be stressed so accept that. Get yourself some chocolate – okay a lot of chocolate – and ride things out while indulging in your favorite chocolate treat. If chocolate is not your thing, then perhaps some cookies or graham crackers or just this once, some seriously unhealthy packaged caramel corn. The Final Word Some of my selections may have surprised you but that’s okay. They were meant to inspire you to come up with your own last minute prepping strategy. Why not sit down right now and make up your own list and share it with the rest of us.? Just don’t forget to include the chocolate! Enjoy your next adventure through common sense and thoughtful preparation! Submit your review",0
3946,Poll: Merkel Eclipsed By Arch-Federalist Schulz in Race For Chancellor,"In a straight race between the two most popular candidates to fill Germany’s top political office,   member of the European Parliament and enthusiastic EU acolyte Martin Schulz would beat incumbent Angela Merkel, according to a new poll. [A Schulz victory could upset the balance of power in Europe, and rock Germany which has been ruled by the   Christian Democrats (CDU) for 12 years.  While the latest figures from German pollsters indicate the ruling CDU remain fractionally ahead, enjoying a significantly reduced majority which has dropped as much as ten points in a year, in a presidential style rather than federal election the   Schulz would win. Welt reports some 49 per cent of Germans opted for Schulz, whereas just 38 per cent wanted Merkel to stay on, a   fall in just two weeks. The latest figures follow an earlier   survey which found Merkel falling behind on 34 per cent, while EU veteran Schulz enjoyed 50 per cent support. Breitbart London reported on Monday on a poll that found   dissatisfaction with the chancellor who is widely seen as one of the key architects of Europe’s migrant crisis. The research found that some 64 per cent said they wanted a new chancellor, without specifying exactly who. While Mrs. Merkel trails behind, her party remains fractionally more popular. Barring a shock result, the CDU is likely to come out of the election as the largest party. Despite that advantage, her group of MPs will be far short of the number required to govern outright, leaving her to either reform the coalition with Schulz’s socialist party or even face being relegated to opposition against a   coalition. The potential for Mr. Schulz to become the next German chancellor is a remarkable one for a politician who has never held a major elected office in Germany. A   city mayor, the Social Democrat   has spent over 20 years in the European Parliament, serving for a time as president. Although he has concentrated on European politics for most of his career, Mr. Schulz enjoys good name recognition in Germany and has reversed the flagging ratings of his party since taking charge of the campaign. A   German government could have major ramifications, not only for Germany  —   already one of the most   borders nations in Europe  —   but also for Britain. As the United Kingdom negotiates to leave the European Union, a shift in the Eurozone’s largest economy to a more bullishly Federalist and   government could complicate matters.",0
3947,Biggest Secret: How Reptilian Human Hybrids Run Our World,"posted by Eddie “The ultimate measure of a man is not where he stands in moments of comfort and convenience, but where he stands at times of challenge and controversy.” – Martin Luther King Controversy has become the mantra of the whirlwind that is David Icke ’s life over the past few decades. Since the early 90’s, he has challenged people’s parameters of reality suggesting that all is not what it seems in regards to how our world is run. David’s verdict is clear; the people that lie at the top of our power structures are hiding a sinister secret, one that would make anyone sound crazy if it were verbalized. Since the dawn of civilized man, the ruling class have been controlled by extra-terrestrial/ dimensional beings, with an agenda which ultimately establishes the human race as mindless and robotic slaves to a system based on fear and control. It is easy to see why this theory has attracted so much back-lash. “The ultimate measure of a man is not where he stands in moments of comfort and convenience, but where he stands at times of challenge and controversy.” – Martin Luther King Controversy has become the mantra of the whirlwind that is David Icke’s life over the past few decades. Since the early 90’s, he has challenged people’s parameters of reality suggesting that all is not what it seems in regards to how our world is run. David’s verdict is clear; the people that lie at the top of our power structures are hiding a sinister secret, one that would make anyone sound crazy if it were verbalized. Since the dawn of civilized man, the ruling class have been controlled by extra-terrestrial/ dimensional beings, with an agenda which ultimately establishes the human race as mindless and robotic slaves to a system based on fear and control. It is easy to see why this theory has attracted so much back-lash. Icke made an infamous appearance on a national television talk show in 1991 where he announced to the world that he was being channeled information which warned him of impending devastation by natural disasters. The ridicule which proceeded after the interview was said by Icke to be a nightmare for him and his family. He couldn’t walk down the street without being laughed at. Icke later states that the laughter had “set him free” in a sense, allowing him to move forward with his messages to the world without now having worry about what people thought about him. In the decade that followed Icke pumped out book after book, traveling the world giving long lectures on the nature of reality, testing people’s truth’s in regards to who is really running our world (4). Today Icke leads a similar schedule, having just completed his 8 hour arena world tour which was sold out in multiple countries. During the extended lecture he touches upon topics such as the holographic universe, the pseudo moon matrix, and his most infamous theory regarding a reptilian hybrid race that is controlling our world. To begin to explain the complex theory, Icke discusses the current fear state of our world. “The fear of what other people think is the state of perception that stops people [from] making a difference… you can only make a difference in a world of uniformity if you operate outside of that uniformity… we either take that on or we don’t, in which case nothing changes. “We are now at this place where we can go down one track and experience freedom like we’ve never even understood what freedom is. We go down the other one, the one that the control structure wants, then we’re headed for an Orwellian-fascist global state.” David Icke, The Lion Sleeps no More (3). Icke proposes that mankind has been manipulated to become “unconscious” through the use of programming by media and politics, the tyrannical control over our food, water, and air supply, the dumbing down of the masses by pharmaceutical drugs and alcohol, and the list goes on. “But the manipulation doesn’t stop there”, as Icke states about exploring the never ending depths of the rabbit hole. Quetzalcoatl – the Mesoamerican human-eating, reptilian deity The ruling class, the bankers, the royal family, the presidents and prime ministers, have created the illusion of being separate ruling bodies when in fact they have always been on the same “team” of sorts. There is a bloodline that has been strategically kept intact for ages. The Burkes Peerage and Baronetage, a comprehensive aristocratic genealogy resource, reveals that all 44 U.S. presidents have carried European royal bloodlines into office over the course of history. This includes Bill Clinton, the Bush family, Barack Obama, John Kerry, and so on and so forth (6). Portion of the global elite’s family tree If we truly live in a democratic system, how is it that every single person brought into office has been of French and European royal descent? What are the chances of this considering the U.S. fought for their independence of Europe in the 1700s? The Burkes Peerage makes a strong suggestion that elections are not really based on a public voting system, but rather they are based upon the highest percentage of royal genes. To make things even more peculiar is the fact that Brad Pitt, Madonna, Marilyn Monroe, and Tom hanks (some of Hollywood’s biggest stars) also descend from this lineage. What could all of this imply? Icke goes on to illuminate the theory of quantum physics, which states that our physical reality is a projection within our mind, and that at the most basic quantum level, the solidity of matter is false, existing as vibrations instead of atoms. When the light from matter reflects into our eyes, the cells pick up the light (which travels as a wavelength measured from 390nm-700nm, the visible light spectrum) and transmutes the vibrations or wave-forms into an image within the brain. This is the same for sound; it is a vibration until it is decoded by the brain (Suddenly The Matrix plot doesn’t seem so far-fetched). The human brain can only see an extremely limited spectrum of energy, as we know there are a plethora of different forms of energy in our universe and thousands of different frequencies around us at any given moment that we cannot see, such as radio and radiation waves. Icke suggests that ET’s and other beings exist in our universe, but they operate at a frequency just above what the human mind is said to be able to detect(3). This could explain the strange sightings of UFO’s that seem to appear and disappear in an instant. Could it be that the UFO’s or ET’s are advanced enough that they can raise or lower their frequency to come in and out of the visible light frequency spectrum? This is something that Icke says the ruling elite are aware of, knowledge that is used to manipulate mankind into thinking that our experience is limited to a 3D reality. Icke says the reptilians control the globalists extra-dimensionally through the manipulation of human DNA It is no secret today that the world is ruled by money and power. Corporations and banks have more power than the people do, and this is something that is beginning to become recognized by a large majority of the population. There is a world government which oversees the regulation of the entire planet and all of its systems, says Icke. This world government is called the Illuminati by many, although there are multiple names for the different levels of this organization. Behind the closed doors at the highest levels of government, secret societies rule with malevolence. The problem is that anyone who learns this information and speaks out publicly as a leading force against these secret societies is quickly silenced. John Kennedy’s assassination is a perfect example of this. In his famous last speech, not too long before he was shot, he touches upon the subject of the secret ruling class, “The very word ‘secrecy’ is repugnant in a free and open society; and we are as a people inherently and historically opposed to secret societies, to secret oaths and secret proceedings… “For we are opposed around the world by a monolithic and ruthless conspiracy that relies on covert means for expanding its sphere of influence – on infiltration instead of invasion, on subversion instead of elections, on intimidation instead of free choice, on guerrillas by night instead of armies by day. “It is a system which has conscripted vast human and material resources into the building of a tightly knit, highly efficient machine that combines military, diplomatic, intelligence, economic, scientific, and political operations.” – John F Kennedy (8) In his arena tour, Icke discusses the disturbing events that take place behind closed doors at the annual meeting of the global leaders. “They follow a religion that dates back to the beginning of civilization”, he states. The secret societies take part in and worship a pocket of consciousness, that most call Satanism, in which they perform esoteric rituals that entail ceremonial chanting, gratuitous sexual activities, and even blood sacrifice. Icke alludes to this in his seminar correlating the globalist cult to the chain of missing children and underground world of sex trafficking. The Catholic Church is a big player in this disturbing hidden world, Icke says. Earlier in 2013, Pope Benedict XVI became the first Pope to resign since the 1400s. Some argue that the real reason was due to Benedict being blackmailed for surfacing information about the Catholic Church’s ritual abuse of children and homosexuality within the Vatican (7). Neil Brick, a victim of satanic ritual abuse, founded S.M.A.R.T (Stop Mind Control and Ritual Abuse Today) in 1995, an organization which aims to expose and put to an end to the ritual abuse of children by the Vatican and other secret power circles. Neil states that thousands of children are captured each year and are manipulated through mind control to perform grotesque acts involving sex and torture (5). Chrystine Oksana’s 1994 book, “Safe Passage to Healing”, expands on this topic: “Ritual Abuse usually involves repeated abuse over an extended period of time. The physical abuse is severe, sometimes including torture and killing. The sexual abuse is usually painful, humiliating, intended as means of gaining dominance over the victim. “The psychological abuse is devastating and involves the use of ritual indoctrination. It includes mind control techniques which convey to the victim a profound terror of the cult members… most victims are in a state of terror, mind control and dissociation.” — Chrystine Oksana, Safe Passage to Healing Satanic pedophilia of the 1% ‘elite’ exposed: Many have come forward with unsettling stories about their abuse by different power circles such as the Vatican or the secret men’s clubs like the one held annually at Bohemian Grove in California. This information may be difficult to process for most. Human beings are naturally compassionate for one and other; we don’t want to believe that these sorts of things happen, especially not by the hands of the people that we’ve “elected” to power. So what could be the true reason behind these real-life horror movie stories? Icke says that it goes far beyond the physical constraints of the visible light spectrum. 
Alex Jones’ secret footage of a Bohemian Grove Ritual “We are clearly massively missing the point. The vast majority who investigate this will not go any further…because a.) Their belief systems won’t let them and b.) They fear what other people will think about them. There is the level we see unfolding in the news, and then there is the other dimensional non-human level. The rabbit hole goes deeper and deeper. “It is all about the control and programming of perception… at one level we see the dark-suits sitting at the big round table making the decisions, then at the next we have the secret societies, and then we go beyond the frequency of visible light… Satanism is a network that interacts with the beings that are controlling our vibrational state from a frequency above us.” “Wolfgang and the Devil”, Michael Pacher, 1483 — Note the reptilian form the devil takes on Icke says that these extra-dimensional beings that the globalists worship stem from the constellations Orion, Sirius, and Draco. Thousands of years ago, the reptilian beings intervened on planet Earth and began interbreeding with humans. Not physically, however, but rather through the manipulation of the human coding, or DNA. Icke states that it is no coincidence that humans have fundamental reptilian genetics within their brain. He refers to an excerpt from the Bible, which hints at the crossbreeding of men and “gods”, “There were giants in the earth in those days; and also after that, when the songs of God came in unto the daughters of men, and they bear children to them, the same became mighty men which were of old, men of renown.” – Genesis, 6:4 Icke connects more biblical stories to the intervention of the reptilian race. He alludes to the “fall of man,” the story of how Adam and Eve became manipulated by the serpent. The reason, he goes on to say, that 95% of human DNA and a large majority of our brain goes unused is due to this intervention of the reptilian race, placing a limitation on our potential as conscious beings. These beings were more advanced in the technological sense, seeing our DNA as software which could be tainted with, creating a hybrid middle man to control the human population within the visible light spectrum. Half human and half reptilian, they were perceived as demi-gods at the time by the people. Icke explains that the Caduceus, the common medical symbol we see today, is based around this DNA manipulation. The Caduceus contains two serpents spiraling around a scepter that has wings, in the shape of the double-helix DNA strand. Because these hybrids at the time possessed knowledge that most didn’t, they were able to slip into positions of power, specifically in the ancient areas of Sumer, Babylon, and Mesopotamia. As these areas began to separate and colonize elsewhere, the reptilian bloodlines spread out, becoming the royal families of the world. This is said to be why the royal family maintains their genetics. Similarly, the ancient Chinese emperors believed they had the divine right to rule because they were connected to the “serpent gods”. Icke says there is a common theme between royalty and serpent worship around the world. This can be seen in early images of ancient cultures such as the Hindus, Cambodians, Greeks, Nordics, Africans, Native Americans, Koreans, and Australians to name a few (1). Icke recounts in his seminar about his discussions with Credo Mutwa, a South-African based Zulu shaman, during which Mutwa tells of African legends about the Chitauri, the reptilian like “gods” who ascended from the heavens in monstrous vessels which burned through the atmosphere. 
These so called gods became the dictators of the people, taking away the potentiality and power of the human race (2, 3). “One other thing that our people say is that the Chitauri prey upon us like vultures. They raise some of us. They fill some of us with great anger and great ambition. And they make these people they’ve raised into great warriors who make terrible war. “But, in the end, the Chitauri do not allow these great leaders, these great war chiefs and kings, to die peacefully. “The warrior chief is used to make as much war as possible, to kill as many of his people and those he calls enemies, and then, in the end, the warrior chief dies a terrible death, with his blood being spilled by others.” (2), Credo Mutwa on the reptilian-hyrbid leaders. Over time these bloodlines created a sort of trans-national web of control, and as history progressed they rooted themselves deeper and deeper into the systems and structures that were developed by man. Today they make up the secret societies (Illuminati, etc.) which pull the strings in regards to the direction that society follows. They have created the ultimate prison, one without bars with the illusion of freedom keeping the masses from wanting to escape. They have created illusory lines separating countries to cause segregation among the people who are ignorant to the truth. They have created massive distractions with media, politics and entertainment, and they have dumbed down the general population through the poisoning of our food, air, and water supply (3). So what is the ultimate goal of these hybrid bloodlines? Some argue it was originally for our planet’s supply of gold, which they need to stabilize the atmosphere of their own planet. Others suggest that it more has to do with tyranny. The New World Order (NWO) isn’t a new concept to most. In the early 90’s President Bush publicly announced that the NWO was the eventual goal for the United States. A NWO is not the peaceful state of freedom that these leaders try to present it as. The NWO is an Orwellian state based around absolute control in which the population is maintained under 500 000 million people. It takes away the power of the public, turning them into mindless robots who do the bidding of the fortunate ruling class; a more extreme case of the current state of the world. It is a one world government that calls all the shots. This is what the hybrids want; power and control. Whatever the intention is behind the control structures, it is obvious that it is not in harmony with the well-being of mankind or the planet. Icke ends his seminar with a glimpse of hope for humanity, stating that its time for humanity to get up off of our knees and to take matters back into our own hands, “What if vast numbers of people say ‘well we’re not doing it’? They’d have no power whatsoever. Their power comes in our acquiescence. What we need isn’t compliance, what we need is a global non-comply-dance. [They] cannot grant our freedom, nor can [they] take it away.” David Icke’s theories may be difficult to grasp for some, but what is undeniable is the fact that when you listen to his propositions, he makes a damn good argument with his case. In the end it is up to you to decide what truth you wish to believe. We encourage you to do your own research. This is a time of great change in the world. The people have begun to wake up, deciding for themselves what resonates as truth and what doesn’t. We live in an era of mass information sharing, thanks to advent of the internet. People are connecting from all over the world to share knowledge and create change on a massive scale. The most important thing for each of us to do during this time is to become informed as much as possible. Ultimately it is we who have the power to create what we want as a society. When we tune into our true potential, anything is possible. Fear will not create this change; it will only feed the old systems which the ruling class have already established. Love will be the forerunner for the fast approaching new Earth. Source and references:",0
3948,How they could steal Trump win next Tuesday with the Electoral College — Slattery and Shoaf,"How they could steal Trump win next Tuesday with the Electoral College — Slattery and Shoaf November 2, 2016 at 12:26 am 
How they could steal Trump win next Tuesday with the Electoral College — Slattery and Shoaf 
Farren Shoaf, host of the Alternative Media on RBN, interviewed Dr. Slattery about the upcoming election. They talked about Hillary’s new scandal, how they could steal Trump win next Tuesday with the Electoral College, and how civilization itself could literally collapse if Hillary is elected.",0
3949,Baby Bonds: A Plan for Black/White Wealth Equality Conservatives Could Love?,"by Yves Smith 
Yves here. I strongly suspect that Naked Capitalism readers will find a lot not to love about this proposal, but I’ll let you have at it in the comments section. I’ll start with two. The first is setting up this program as bonds, when they are most like a trust account. And why should the amount of the grant be set at birth? A lot of children suffer severe setbacks after birth, like the death of a parent or debilitating injury. 
Second is that this proposal does nothing to address the expressed problem. The issue is that even though children from lower-income backgrounds might get into college, they can’t mix much/at all socially with the better off students because they don’t have the spending money to allow them to do that. But these “bonds” provide for spending money only for perceived-to-be-legitimate purposes, like the education itself. Even though going on ski trips with the other kids might be key to economic advancement, it would be politically unacceptable for a government program to pay for that sort of thing. 
By Lynn Parramore, Senior Research Analyst at the Institute for New Economic Thinking. Originally published at the Institute for New Economic Thinking website 
Imagine that a black child from a family of modest resources gets the opportunity to attend an elite college preparatory school. Motivated by a love of learning and strong desire to achieve, he excels in school and goes on to attend highly regarded universities, earning advanced degrees. Surely that child is well positioned to ascend the ladder of economic prosperity in America, right? 
Not so fast. 
The goal of broadening financial wealth to all Americans, regardless of race, gets plenty of applause across the political spectrum. But so far this goal has remained devilishly elusive. To understand why you have to know how people come by wealth in the first place. It’s popular to say that we build wealth through discipline — by hitting the books, working hard and saving money. The reality is a little different. 
Past Injustice Shapes Present Reality 
Darrick Hamilton knows this from personal experience. Despite his family’s modest means — not poor but hardly affluent — he attended the Brooklyn Friends School, an elite private institution where teachers emphasized social justice. Hamilton started college at Oberlin excited to seek out his path to the American Dream. But he soon found out that the path was smoother for some than for others. 
All around him, white kids from affluent families were getting checks in the mail from their parents — money that could be spent on tuition, extracurricular activities, and the kind of socializing that builds professional networks. Black students of more modest means, on the other hand, were often at a disadvantage even when their parents were able to help financially. If they received money from home, things besides books demanded financial attention. The same was true if they had a job. Even when black students worked hard and saved diligently, the money was often spoken for before it was time to pay the tuition bill for the semester. 
The reason has to do with the cumulative effects of centuries of gross economic disadvantages that black families have endured, from slavery to Jim Crow and beyond. The legacy of those severe headwinds is that even when an individual family is able to reach the middle class, there is still likely to be a constellation of poorer extended family members in need of various kinds of financial assistance. When they call, you help, if you can. Economists call this “wealth leakage.” 
Hamilton noticed this phenomenon play out among black students at school and in the professional realm. Rather than enjoying resources from parents and grandparents, they often had to provide money for cousins, nieces, uncles, and siblings. After obtaining his Ph.D. in economics at UNC-Chapel Hill, Hamilton, who now teaches economics and urban policy at The New School in New York, focused on how poverty in the family increases the racial wealth gap for middle class black individuals. 
The source of wealth building in America, he realized, is less what you save than your capacity to invest in an asset through money given by parents and grandparents. These transfers are critical to the acquisition of assets, like a home or a small business — the kinds of things that require huge down payments. 
“If you’re not fortunate enough to get that down payment or have that resource at a key juncture of your life,” observes Hamilton, “you will not have that pathway towards building economic security that somebody else has. You could be a jerk. You could be a good person. It has little to do with the particular individual.” 
This logic flies in the face of the long-cherished belief that education and hard work are the great equalizers in American society. Many still insist that much present day inequality is caused by bad individual decisions and not by structural problems associated with discrimination. But the vast inequality between black and white citizens suggests that there’s more going on than poor choices. In 2013, according to the Federal Reserve’s Survey of Consumer Finances, the median household wealth was $134,230 for whites compared to a paltry $11,030 for black Americans. 
The reason, says Hamilton, is pretty clear: “In a capitalist system, if you lack capital, it just locks in inequality.” 
Fortunately, he thinks the problem can be alleviated if we are willing to aim the attack at the source. Hamilton and his colleague William A. Darity, Jr. of Duke University are stratification economists, pioneers in an emerging subfield of social science who focus on the structural dimensions of a person’s economic position. They propose a solution to wealth inequality that may appeal across the political spectrum: Why not give every American baby seed capital so they can grow up to take part in the capitalist system? This could be done, they argue, through “Baby Bonds” that would be set up for every child born. 
How Baby Bonds Work 
Baby Bonds, in Hamilton’s formulation, would be funded directly out of Treasury and held in an account by the federal government, similar to Social Security. The amount a child receives would depend on the wealth position into which she is born. If she’s the offspring of Oprah Winfrey and Bill Gates, she might get $500, but upwards of $50,000 if she is born at the lowest rungs of the economic ladder. The average amount for a child would be around $20,000. Accounts would be guaranteed a nominal one and a half rate of return, and the payout would not take place until the child becomes an adult. At that time, you get to spend the money — but not just on anything. The funds would have to be used for a “clearly defined asset enhancing activity,” like financing a debt-free education, purchasing a business, or buying a home. (The program would need to be coupled with financial reform and regulation to mitigate predatory effects, including extraordinary tuition increases aimed at exploiting better-resourced young adult baby bond recipients). 
A commission would be set up to identify exactly what kinds of activities might qualify. 
“These conditions are set up to protect the resource,” says Hamilton. “In my own situation, if I had received an infusion of cash as a young adult, there would have been a lot of family needs to take care of before I could begin thinking about self-investment like purchasing a home. Specifying what the money can be spent on may not guarantee an outcome, because people still choose the investment they engage in, but it at least ensures that the investment is an asset-enhancing endeavor which can help build wealth over the long run.” 
Unlike some past proposals for child savings accounts, Baby Bonds are designed so that it doesn’t matter if your parents can contribute or not. Hamilton says this is done so that however good or bad or affluent or poor your parents may be, as a citizen you get some seed capital so that you can take part in the American economic mobility system. 
But wouldn’t such a program be too costly? 
Not at all, says Hamilton. He notes that there are about 4 million children born every year, so if the average account is at $20,000, the whole program might cost $80 billion. If you add another $10 billion, the very highest estimate for administering the program, it comes to $90 billion maximum. That might sound like a lot, but not when you consider what the federal government already spends trying to promote asset ownership through the tax code. He cites a report on all such policies (like the mortgage interest reduction and reductions in capital gains) by CFED , a Washington-based non-profit focused on expanding economic opportunities for low-to-moderate income Americans. All told, these programs cost over $500 billion dollars . (The mortgage interest deduction alone is estimated to cost more than $405 billion for tax years 2014 through 2018 ). 
Next to these figures, Baby Bonds looks like a bargain. They also have the advantage of distributing the capital where it’s needed most. Federal programs already in place tend to funnel money towards the more affluent, says Hamilton, noting that the bottom 60 percent of earners get about 5 percent of that $500 billion, while the top 10 percent get well over half. He thinks that Baby Bonds could be fully funded simply by capping the existing mortgage interest reductions. 
So how would a race-blind program help to close gaps in wealth and income between black and white Americans? 
Hamilton points out that about 85 percent of black households fall below the national median of the wealth distribution, so the means test for the Baby Bonds program as well as its target needs to be keenly focused on wealth. 
Baby Bonds address wealth in two ways: First, because of the way black people are clustered at the poorer end of the wealth distribution, more will qualify for the program. Secondly, because the program is focused on asset-enhancing activities, they will benefit when they become adults and are able to use the funds to build the kinds of assets that have so often been out of reach historically. 
A Potential Political Winner? 
Inequality has been a hot topic this political season, but much of the discussion has focused on student debt. Hamilton acknowledges that this is important, but it’s not enough to close the racial wealth gap. 
“It will help avoid wealth leakage for millions of people and black individuals that end up going to college,” he says. “It’s certainly the case that black students are disproportionately impacted by student debt. But this only helps those who actually end up going to college. It’s limited in its approach.” 
Something more is needed. He notes that in other countries, programs similar to Baby Bonds have already been implemented, such as a child trust program set up in 2005 that gave every British citizen born on or after September 1, 2002 an investment account to build savings that would help fund their transition to adult life. 
The U.K. program differed from Baby Bonds in several key ways: it was smaller in scale, parents could add to the account, and the trust was unconditional, meaning that the money could be used for anything rather than a specific set of potentially wealth-building activities. Unfortunately, the program sank under a wave of austerity in 2011 following the global recession, so it’s unclear exactly how well it worked because the children who received the accounts are not yet old enough to have used them. 
Could Baby Bonds work in America? Hamilton observes that in the past, both conservatives and liberals have endorsed programs designed to give American children a stake in the future. KidSave, a program conceived by then-Senators Bob Kerrey of Nebraska, with then-Senator Joe Lieberman of Connecticut as co-sponsor, would have allotted each child a small deposit at birth (around $1000), with additional $500 deposits every year for five years. The money would then be invested in a limited number of mutual funds, but it couldn’t be withdrawn until retirement, when a substantial nest egg would have theoretically grown. Various versions of the plan attracted support from conservatives like Senator Rick Santorum of Pennsylvania and the Heritage Foundation. 
The premise behind Baby Bonds is slightly different; it’s based on the recognition that the problem in building wealth is not savings. 
“Most Americans don’t save, period,” says Hamilton. “It’s really getting access to that asset that’s going to appreciate. Homes give Americans most of their wealth, or, if not homes, some other asset. So this is moving us a bit from that narrative of how to leverage poor people to do better things by giving them incentives to saying, well, why don’t we empower them with an account so that they actually can make decisions that can lead to their mobility.” 
Hamilton observes that Baby Bonds simply arm everybody with the opportunity to benefit from the markets— an idea the most die-hard free market champion might appreciate. “If conservatives really believe in the fairness of the markets,” he says, “then let’s give everybody opportunity to participate. We’re talking about babies, so this is before we start coming up with narratives about the deserving poor or the undeserving poor. We’re saying, at birth, we’re going to give everybody a chance to engage in economic mobility in America.” 0 0 0 0 0 0",0
3950,"Trump, Mocking Claim That Russia Hacked Election, at Odds with G.O.P. - The New York Times","WASHINGTON  —   An extraordinary breach has emerged between   Donald J. Trump and the national security establishment, with Mr. Trump mocking American intelligence assessments that Russia interfered in the election on his behalf, and top Republicans vowing investigations into Kremlin activities. On Saturday, intelligence officials said it was not until the week after the election that the C. I. A. altered its formal assessment of Russia’s activities to conclude that the government of President Vladimir V. Putin was not just trying to undermine the election, but had also acted to give one candidate an advantage. Wary of being seen as politicizing their findings, C. I. A. analysts had been reluctant to come to that conclusion in the midst of the election  —   even as many supporters of Hillary Clinton believed it was obvious, given the leak of emails from her campaign chairman and others. One intelligence official said there were indications in early October that the Russians had shifted their focus to harm Mrs. Clinton. The C. I. A. ’s slowness in shifting its assessment, another official said, was one reason President Obama ordered a full review of “lessons learned” on the operation to influence the election. But the disclosure of the   findings prompted a blistering attack against the intelligence agencies by Mr. Trump, whose transition office said in a statement on Friday night that “these are the same people that said Saddam Hussein had weapons of mass destruction,” adding that the election was over and that it was time to “move on. ” Mr. Trump has split on the issue with many Republicans on the congressional intelligence committees, who have said they were presented with significant evidence, in closed briefings, of a Russian campaign to meddle in the election. The rift also raises questions about how Mr. Trump will deal with the intelligence agencies he will have to rely on for analysis of China, Russia and the Middle East, as well as for covert drone and cyberactivities. At this point in a transition, a   is usually delving into intelligence he has never before seen, and learning about C. I. A. and National Security Agency abilities. But Mr. Trump, who has taken intelligence briefings only sporadically, is questioning not only analytic conclusions, but also their underlying facts. “To have the   of the United States simply reject the   narrative that the intelligence community puts together because it conflicts with his a priori assumptions  —   wow,” said Michael V. Hayden, who was the director of the N. S. A. and later the C. I. A. under President George W. Bush. With the partisan emotions on both sides  —   Mr. Trump’s supporters see a plot to undermine his presidency, and Mrs. Clinton’s supporters see a conspiracy to keep her from the presidency  —   the result is an environment in which even those basic facts become the basis for dispute. Mr. Trump’s team lashed out at the agencies after The Washington Post reported that the C. I. A. believed that Russia had intervened to undercut Mrs. Clinton and lift Mr. Trump, and The New York Times reported that Russia had broken into Republican National Committee computer networks just as they had broken into Democratic ones, but had released documents only on the Democrats. For months, the   has strenuously rejected all assertions that Russia was working to help him, though he did at one point invite Russia to find thousands of Mrs. Clinton’s emails. There is no evidence that the Russian meddling affected the outcome of the election or the legitimacy of the vote, but Mr. Trump and his aides want to shut the door on any such notion, including the idea that Mr. Putin schemed to put him in office. Instead, Mr. Trump casts the issue as an unknowable mystery. “It could be Russia,” he recently told Time magazine. “And it could be China. And it could be some guy in his home in New Jersey. ” The Republicans who lead the congressional committees overseeing intelligence, the Pentagon and the Department of Homeland Security take the opposite view. They say that Russia was behind the election meddling, but that the scope and intent of the operation need deep investigation, hearings and public reports. One question they may want to explore is why the intelligence agencies believe that the Republican networks were compromised while the F. B. I. which leads domestic cyberinvestigations, has apparently told Republicans that it has not seen evidence of that breach. Senior officials say the intelligence agencies’ conclusions are not being widely shared, even with law enforcement. “We cannot allow foreign governments to interfere in our democracy,” Representative Michael McCaul, a Texas Republican who is the chairman of the Homeland Security Committee and was considered by Mr. Trump for secretary of Homeland Security, said at the conservative Heritage Foundation. “When they do, we must respond forcefully, publicly and decisively. ” He has promised hearings, saying the Russian activity was “a call to action,” as has Senator John McCain of Arizona, one of the few senators left from the Cold War era, when the Republican Party made opposition to the Soviet Union  —   and later deep suspicion of Russia  —   the centerpiece of its foreign policy. Representative Peter T. King, Republican of New York and a member of the House Intelligence Committee, said there was little doubt that the Russian government was involved in hacking the Democratic National Committee. “All of the intelligence analysts who looked at it came to the conclusion that the tradecraft was very similar to the Russians,” he said. Even one of Mr. Trump’s most enthusiastic supporters, Representative Devin Nunes, Republican of California, said on Friday that he had no doubt about Russia’s culpability. His complaint was with the intelligence agencies, which he said had “repeatedly” failed “to anticipate Putin’s hostile actions,” and with the Obama administration’s lack of a punitive response. Mr. Nunes, the chairman of the House Intelligence Committee, said that the intelligence agencies had “ignored pleas by numerous Intelligence Committee members to take more forceful action against the Kremlin’s aggression. ” He added that the Obama administration had “suddenly awoken to the threat. ” Like many Republicans, Mr. Nunes is threading a needle. His statement puts him in opposition to the position taken by Mr. Trump and his incoming national security adviser, Michael Flynn, who has traveled to Russia as a private citizen for RT, the   news operation, and attended a dinner with Mr. Putin. Mr. Nunes’s contention that Mr. Obama was captivated by a desire to “reset” relations with Russia is also notable, because Mr. Trump has said he is trying to do the same  —   though he is avoiding that term, which was made popular by Mrs. Clinton in her failed effort as secretary of state in 2009. There are splits both within the intelligence agencies and the congressional committees that oversee them. Officials say the C. I. A. and the N. S. A. have not always shared their findings with the F. B. I. which they often distrust. The question of how vigorously to investigate also has a political tinge: Democrats on the Senate Intelligence Committee, for example, are pushing hard for a broad investigation, while some Republicans are resisting. Intelligence can also get politicized, of course, and one of the running debates about the disastrously mistaken assessments of Iraq that Mr. Trump often cites is whether the intelligence itself was tainted or whether the Bush White House read it selectively to support its march to war in 2003. But what is unfolding in the argument over the Russian hacking is more complex, because tracking the origin of cyberattacks is complicated. It is made all the harder by the fact that the C. I. A. and the N. S. A. do not want to reveal human sources or technical abilities, including American software implants in Russian computer networks. This much is known: In   a hacking group long associated with the F. S. B.  —   the successor to the old Soviet K. G. B.  —   got inside the Democratic National Committee’s computer systems. The intelligence gathering appeared to be fairly routine, and it was unsurprising: The Chinese, for instance, penetrated Mr. Obama’s and Mr. McCain’s presidential campaign communications in 2008. In the spring of 2016, a second group of Russian hackers, long associated with the G. R. U. a military intelligence agency, attacked the D. N. C. again, along with the private email accounts of prominent Washington figures like John D. Podesta, the chairman of Mrs. Clinton’s campaign. Those emails were ultimately published  —   a step the Russians had never taken before in the United States, though the tactic has been used often in former Soviet states and elsewhere in Europe. That moved the issue from espionage to an “information operation” with a political motive. One person who attended a classified briefing on the intelligence said that the investigators had explained that the malware used in the cyberattack on the D. N. C. matched tools previously used by hackers with proven ties to the Russian government. That sort of “pattern analysis” is common in cyberinvestigations, though it is not conclusive. But the intelligence agencies had more: They had managed to identify the individuals from the G. R. U. who oversaw the hacking efforts. That may have come from intercepted conversations, spying efforts, or implants in computer systems that allow the tracking of emails and text messages. In briefings to Mr. Obama and on Capitol Hill, intelligence agencies have said they now believe that what began as an effort to undermine the credibility of American elections morphed over time into a much more targeted effort to harm Mrs. Clinton, whom Mr. Putin has long accused of interfering in Russian parliamentary elections in 2011. But to hedge their bets before the election, according to the briefings, the Russians also targeted the Republican National Committee, Republican operatives and prominent members of the Republican establishment, like former Secretary of State Colin L. Powell. However, few of those emails have ever surfaced, save for Mr. Powell’s, which were critical of Mrs. Clinton’s campaign for trying to draw him into a defense of her use of a private computer server. A spokesman for the Republican National Committee, Sean Spicer, disputed the report in The Times that the intelligence community had concluded that the R. N. C. had been hacked. “The RNC was not ‘hacked,’” he said on Twitter. “The @nytimes was told and chose to ignore. ” On Friday night, before The Times published its report, the committee had refused to comment.",0
3951,"Former Ambassador: Clinton Leaks Coming From Washington DC, Not Russia!","With the media gripped by accusatory speculation regarding the identity of the source behind the Wikileaks leak of hacked Podesta and DNC emails, much of it focused on Russia, a new theory has emerged from Craig Murray, the former British ambassador to Uzbekistan, who tells Sputnik (a Russian media outlet) that the source of the leaks are not Russian hackers but a Washington insider. 
Via TheAntiMedia 

“The source of these emails and leaks has nothing to do with Russia at all. I discovered what the source was when I attended the Sam Adam’s whistleblower award in Washington. The source of these emails comes from within official circles in Washington DC. You should look to Washington not to Moscow.”
Asked about whether or not WikiLeaks have ever published information at the behest of Moscow, Murray said that “WikiLeaks has never published any material received from the Russian government or from any proxy of the Russian government. It’s simply a completely untrue claim designed to divert attention from the content of the material.”
While blasted by Washington, first by Republicans several years ago, and most recently by Democrats, the WikiLeaks revelations have often been hailed as a champion of accountability.
“I think whistleblowers have become extremely important in the West because the propaganda model — as Chomsky puts it — has been reinforced to the extent that people don’t get any true information out of the media at all. It’s worth saying that Julian Assange and WikiLeaks are publishers; they publish what whistleblowers leak to them,” Mr. Murrary told Sputnik.
Yet, whistleblowers in the US continue to be subject to lengthy prison sentences. A key example is Chelsea Manning, who was sentenced on August 21, 2013 to a thirty five year sentence for providing WikiLeaks with sensitive military and diplomatic documents highlighting, among other things, US military conduct in Iraq. Murray also mentions the case of John Kiriakou, a former investigator of international terrorism with the CIA who turned whistleblower.
“The people who did the torture have suffered no comeback at all,” adds Mr. Murray.
Taking a step back and discussing the risk of geopolitical escalation between Russia and the US, Murray told Sputnik that “there is no chance whatsoever that Russia is going to ever attack the United States, that simply isn’t going to happen.”
“Just as Russia is not going to attack the United Kingdom. There never has been a chance that Russia would ever attack either of these two countries. But of course the narrative is all to do with power and funneling huge amounts of American taxpayer money into the defense industry and the security industry and these people are both from the class that benefits.”
It’s an extremely dangerous game, says Mr. Murray, and it feeds into a foreign policy that is completely mad.
“In Syria — and I should say I’m no fan of the Assad regime at all — but the idea that backing assorted groups of jihadists to tear the country apart is a better solution is crazy and it’s especially crazy when we’ve already messed up Iraq, Afghanistan and now we’re doing exactly the same thing again and you can see it doesn’t work, it only works in terms of promoting continued instability and continued spending for the military and the security services.”
Finally, Murray also believes that the public can’t get clear analysis of these issues from mainstream media, because they are part of the same money/power nexus.
",0
3952,Your premier federal government employee and veteran shopping program,"Russian experts collecting evidence of anti-govt chemical attack in Aleppo – Defense Ministry ‹ › GPD is our General Posting Department whereby we share posts from other sources along with general information with our readers. It is managed by our Editorial Board Your premier federal government employee and veteran shopping program By GPD on November 2, 2016 Interest-free shopping starts here CLICK IMAGE TO START SHOPPING >>>>> 
Veterans can skip unnecessary credit card fees by using the convenient federal government shopping program powered by PayCheck Direct ® . It is designed to extend the reach of one’s wallet by allowing veterans to buy what they want and need today and make interest-free payments over 12 months. 
Veterans looking for great gifts for the holidays can find something for everyone at PayCheck Direct. The Movie Lover: 4K TVs and popcorn makers The Cook: Rachael Ray, Le Creuset, Cuisinart Kids: Wonder Woman to Star Wars, Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles to Chip the Dog The Tech Head: Apple watches, Samsung Virtual Reality headsets The Fashionista: Frye boots, Michael Kors handbags 
With the VTN member shopping program powered by PayCheck Direct , federal government employees and veterans can enjoy: Paying no interest Low, convenient payments over 12 months Paying no fees † No credit checks Thousands of name-brand products 
This shopping program provides convenient and affordable buying assistance for both planned and unexpected purchases. From the fun of a new laptop or living room set to the comfort and convenience of a new bed, all the necessities are available up to each person’s purchase limit. Purchase limits are based on individual federal government employee or veteran income, so budgets stay on target. 
Shop online 24/7 at www.mypaycheckdirect.com/gov or place orders by calling PayCheck Direct Customer Service at 866-441-9160, Monday through Friday, from 8 a.m. to 8 p.m. CT. Each time an order is placed, the PayCheck Direct systems automatically confirm that the purchaser meets all eligibility requirements (age, income, tenure and employment status) as well as purchase limit. 
Start shopping the PayCheck Direct program today. It’s easy, affordable and interest free. 
To learn more about purchase limits, payments, our return policy and other important details about the program, go to your shopping website and click on Customer Service or see your installment agreement generated during the checkout process. PayCheck Direct ® is operated by Bluestem Enterprises, Inc. 
†See details on installment agreement generated during the checkout process. Related Posts:",0
3953,Flashback - Kathy Griffin: ’Happy to Deliver Beat Down’ to Barron Trump,"During Kathy Griffin’s press conference to discuss the firestorm surrounding her Donald Trump “beheading” photo Friday morning, the comedian was asked about an interview she gave to Vulture in December in which she said was happy to “deliver a beat down” to Trump’s youngest son,    Barron Trump. [“It’s not about trying to be an   offender anymore because Hillary got such a beat down. It’s his turn. So I’m happy to deliver beat down to Donald Trump  —   and also to Barron,” Griffin told Vulture at the Equality Now Gala on December 9.  “You know a lot of comics are going to go hard for Donald, my edge is that I’ll go direct for Barron. I’m going to get in ahead of the game,” she added. . @kathygriffin admitted in December that she was going after Barron Trump. Now she’s crying misogyny at the direction of @LisaBloom. Moron. pic. twitter.   —   John Cardillo (@johncardillo) June 2, 2017,  When asked about the quote Friday morning, Griffin’s attorney, Lisa Bloom, said it had been given “years ago,” while Griffin said it had been a part of her act, when in fact, she said it in an interview with Vulture less than one year ago. “You’re talking about something from a comedy act years ago, I think,” Bloom said. “We can have edgy comics in America. Comics can say things that are not appropriate for children. Comics can create images that are not appropriate for children  …     it is not the job of a comic to filter everything down to the level of an   . ” Griffin later said during the press conference that she “would never want to hurt anyone, especially a child. ” TMZ reported this week that Barron Trump panicked after he saw the image on television, because he did not know who Griffin was or the context in which the photograph was taken. For more on Friday’s press conference, read Breitbart’s coverage here.   Follow Daniel Nussbaum on Twitter: @dznussbaum",0
3954,British Airways Computer Problems Cause Widespread Delays - The New York Times,"British Airways said its flights were gradually returning to normal on Tuesday after a   computer problem disabled the airline’s     kiosks for several hours at a number of international airports, causing significant delays. The extent of the computer problem, which first emerged late Monday in North America, was not immediately clear. The airline said the issue had been resolved by technicians early Tuesday morning in London. It advised passengers booked on Tuesday flights to check in online or via the airline’s mobile applications before reaching the airport, to minimize further delays. “The   system is now working and customers are being checked in as normal in London and overseas, although it may take longer than usual,” the airline said in a statement. “We apologize to our customers for the delay and we appreciate their patience,” it added. “Our colleagues are doing everything possible to check in customers for their journeys. ” Chicago O’Hare International Airport, San Francisco International Airport and   International Airport were among those affected. Travelers said that bottled water and snacks had been distributed at some airports as frustrated customers faced long lines to check in. That did not stop customers at United States airports from expressing their frustration on Twitter. The airline responded to each Twitter post with some version of its statement to the news media. The troubles at British Airways were not the only ones to cause travel headaches on Tuesday. Dozens of flights to and from London City Airport, near the heart of the British capital’s financial district, were canceled or diverted after a small number of activists from the group Black Lives Matter staged a   blocking the airport’s only runway for several hours. The protest, which began before dawn, is the latest in a series of demonstrations across Britain by the group against social injustices like police brutality and reported increases in discrimination against migrants since the country’s vote to withdraw from the European Union. In a statement, the Metropolitan Police said that officers had arrested nine protesters who had erected a   structure on the runway and locked themselves to it. It was not immediately clear how the group had managed to breach the perimeter of the airport, part of which borders the Thames. The police said that those arrested would be charged with aggravated trespassing, being unlawfully in a restricted zone and breaching the airport’s bylaws. London City Airport, which serves close to 12, 000 passengers a day, announced shortly after midday that the runway had reopened and that flights were resuming. It advised passengers to check with airlines on the status of flights. This has been a difficult summer for airlines, many of which have had to contend with technical problems that lead to delays, cancellations and thousands of angry customers. Last month, Delta Air Lines canceled more than 1, 500 flights after the failure of a piece of equipment in Atlanta led to the worldwide shutdown of its computer systems. A similar malfunction affected Southwest Airlines in July, forcing it to cancel about 2, 300 flights over four days.",0
3955,Hillary Reboots ‘Vast Right-Wing Conspiracy’ Playbook,"Hillary Reboots ‘Vast Right-Wing Conspiracy’ Playbook 10/31/2016 
LIFEZETTE 
Before even 24 hours had passed since the FBI director informed Congress on Friday that it was reopening the probe into Hillary Clinton’s emails, Clinton suggested the director was in cahoots with the Republican Party. 
“We’ve made it very clear that, if they are going to be sending this kind of letter that is only going originally to Republican members of the House, that they need to share whatever facts they claim to have with the American people,” Clinton said on Friday, after initially being blindsided by the FBI’s announcement. 
The claim wasn’t true. All you had to do is turn the page and find Democratic members of Congress who had also received the letter from the FBI. But it shows how ready Clinton is to fight anyone in the government who dares investigate or question her. It is likely a habit Clinton picked up when she was first lady, from 1993 to 2001. 
Clinton’s opening salvo, though weak, is a sign of more to come. Her coming attack on the FBI and its director, James Comey, will likely begin in earnest on Monday, with her operatives using the letter to Congress as proof Clinton is the victim of a political conspiracy. 
Clinton previewed her attack in Daytona Beach, Florida, on Saturday, when she said the letter was “unprecedented and deeply troubling.” 
Clinton will also turn the issue into one of “transparency” — even though FBI investigations are inherently not transparent. In Daytona, she called on Comey to “explain everything right away, put it all right on the table” — a demand she knows will go unheeded. 
But many of Clinton’s allies in the media are likely to demand to see the emails found on former Rep. Anthony Weiner’s laptop. 
It’s a strategy that could work, even with only a few days left until Election Day. 
Such attacks on law enforcement worked fairly well for Clinton in 1998, when she and her husband, then-President Bill Clinton, vilified independent counsel Kenneth Starr. Starr had been tasked by Bill Clinton’s own attorney general to investigate corruption charges, but likely rued the day he ever took the job. 
In 1994, Bill Clinton faced questions from many, including The New York Times, about an investment the Clintons made in a company called Whitewater Development Corp. Bill Clinton’s attorney general, Janet Reno, made Robert Fiske the independent counsel. 
Fiske would later be replaced by Starr. Starr’s investigation would later reach into charges that President Clinton had lied in the Paula Jones sexual harassment civil trial. With explosive charges being published by the Drudge Report and Newsweek in January 1998 that Bill Clinton had seduced an intern, Monica Lewinsky, the Clintons could have been expected to admit the truth and take the punishments. 
Instead, the Clinton White House and the Democrats began attacking Starr and the Republicans. 
On Jan. 27, 1998, Hillary Clinton went on NBC’s “The Today Show” and goaded the press into covering the opposition rather than President Bill Clinton, who had lied about his affair with Lewinsky just one day earlier. 
Matt Lauer asked if Hillary Clinton had said the fight against Starr would be the “last great battle” of the Clinton White House. 
“Well, I don’t know if I’ve been that dramatic,” Hillary Clinton replied. “But I do believe that this is a battle. I mean, look at the very people who are involved in this — they have popped up in other settings. This is — the great story here for anybody willing to find it and write about it and explain it is this vast right-wing conspiracy that has been conspiring against my husband since the day he announced for president.” 
The Starr report on the Clinton scandals was released months later. But what the Clintons are really proud of that is that the Democrats actually gained seats in the 1998 midterm elections, helping to cause a backfire against the GOP. 
The GOP didn’t have anywhere near the two-thirds majority in the Senate to remove Bill Clinton. In early 1999, the U.S. Senate acquitted Bill Clinton on two charges: obstruction of justice, and perjury. 
It taught the Clintons the wrong lesson: to fight authorities if authorities questioned them — even authorities within the Democratic Party. Clinton will be targeting and attacking President Obama’s own FBI director as Obama leaves office.",0
3956,"Bank of England Cuts Interest Rate to Historic Low, Citing Economic Pressures - The New York Times","LONDON  —   The Bank of England said on Thursday that it would cut its main interest rate to its lowest point ever and expand other measures to bolster Britain’s economy over concern that the country’s decision to leave the European Union could weigh on growth. The move comes at a time of widespread uncertainty about the   impact of the vote to leave the bloc, known as Brexit. It is unclear what Britain’s future trading relationship will be with the European Union, and crucially, how much access London’s prized financial services industry will have to the Continent. The referendum also unleashed a summer of political turmoil that led to a new government and to questions about the new leadership’s economic policies. The   impact, however, has been largely negative. In the weeks since the vote, the pound has fallen sharply, and stocks in a number of sectors, including banking and construction, have been under pressure. Several real estate funds suspended withdrawals as investors tried to pull out their cash, fearing a slowdown in the British property market. Surveys in recent weeks also indicated that consumer confidence, services output and   sentiment had plummeted. The International Monetary Fund has cut its growth forecast for Britain’s economy, which had been one of the region’s strongest since the financial crisis. “There is a clear case for stimulus, and stimulus now, in order to be there when the economy really needs it  —   to have an effect when the economy really needs it,” Mark J. Carney, the bank’s governor, said at a news conference on Thursday. The central bank’s Monetary Policy Committee voted unanimously to lower its benchmark interest rate to 0. 25 percent, the lowest level in the bank’s 322 years. The rate had been at 0. 5 percent since March 2009. Mr. Carney also signaled on Thursday that the committee could cut rates further this year, but he ruled out the possibility of negative interest rates. The committee’s next meeting is set for November. The bank also said that it would introduce a series of additional measures to support the economy, predicting that there would be little growth in the second half of this year and that economic growth would decline sharply next year compared with its earlier forecast for 2017. “This is a timely, coherent and comprehensive package of measures,” Mr. Carney said. “It is appropriately sized given the scale of the shock, the uncertainties about the degree of the adjustment and the relatively limited data. ” Those measures included increasing the size of a   program, part of a policy known as quantitative easing, which is intended to cut market interest rates and stimulate the economy. The bank said on Thursday that it would buy an additional 60 billion pounds, or about $80 billion, in assets under the program, increasing the total to £435 billion. The Bank of England also said that it would buy up to £10 billion in investment grade corporate bonds from nonfinancial companies. It stipulated that the bonds must be traded in pounds and that the companies must be “making a material contribution” to the British economy. The new   bond buying program is expected to begin next month. The bank will choose from a pool of about 150 companies, accounting for about £150 billion in corporate bonds, according to Minouche Shafik, the central bank’s deputy governor for markets and banking. The central bank also said it would start a program to make it easier for banks to provide lower lending rates to households and businesses, and would penalize the banks if the net level of lending fell. Mr. Carney has previously cited the continuing uncertainty as a potential drag on the economy, possibly leading to tighter financial conditions and affecting Britain’s major trading partners. And in recent weeks, a series of indicators have pointed to a sharp slowdown. “Demand is expected to be markedly weaker, and unemployment higher, than projected in May,” Mr. Carney said on Thursday in a letter to Philip Hammond, the chancellor of the Exchequer. Lucy O’Carroll, chief economist at Aberdeen Asset Management, said Mr. Carney was clear in his message on Thursday that monetary policy could go only so far in supporting the economy in light of the uncertainty created by the Brexit vote. “What will really count is whether the chancellor provides a fiscal boost in the autumn,” Ms. O’Carroll said, referring to a planned budget update this year. “Monetary policy can’t do much more on its own. ” In cutting its economic growth forecasts for the coming years, the central bank on Thursday said it expected the economy to grow at about 2 percent in 2016, but at a slower rate in the second half of the year. It projected gross domestic product would grow at 0. 8 percent in 2017, and 1. 8 percent in 2018. It had predicted the economy would expand 2. 3 percent in each of those years. It was the biggest downgrade between inflation reports since the central bank began making public forecasts in 1993. The central bank also said it believed that the annual inflation rate over the next three years would surpass its policy target of 2 percent, reaching 2. 4 percent in 2018 as a weak currency pushed up the prices of imported goods and services. The bank sees a 2 percent inflation rate as a sign of healthy economic growth.   consumer price inflation stood at 0. 5 percent in June.",0
3957,NYT: Whites Must Know Their Place, ,0
3958,"Brits Fined and Prosecuted for Weeds, Weeping, and Whippoorwills","Email 
Petty tyranny is alive and well in the home of the Magna Carta, thanks to a sweeping 2014 crime act. According to a new report from the Manifesto Club, a British civil-liberties organization, U.K. residents are being cited and fined — under the threat of criminal prosecution for failure to comply — for such offenses as not weeding their gardens, crying too loudly in their own homes, posting signs critical of local government policies, or even feeding wild birds. 
The Anti-social Behavior, Crime and Policing Act — passed at the urging of Theresa May, then home secretary and now prime minister — gave local officials the authority to issue Community Protection Notices (CPNs) to individuals 16 or older whenever officials believe that “the conduct of the individual … is having a detrimental effect, of a persistent and continuing nature, on the quality of life of those in the locality.” 
An official may issue a CPN on the spot, with only minimal warning to the individual being cited, for any offense he deems worthy, including things occurring within someone’s home. The CPN may demand that the cited individual either refrain from a particular activity or take specific actions, or both; and it may impose a fine of up to $124. In addition, if an individual refuses to comply with a CPN, he may be subjected to criminal prosecution and, if convicted, fined as much as $3,100. 
CPNs, noted the Manifesto Club, do “not have to go through a magistrates’ court, and the standard of proof is significantly lower” than that for civil injunctions. “CPNs therefore give council officials unprecedented powers to direct the behavior of particular individuals, backed up by the force of the criminal law.” 
The group found that between October 2014 and October 2015, councils issued 3,943 CPNs and 9,546 CPN warnings. Between April 1, 2015, and December 31, 2015, there were 254 prosecutions for failure to comply with a CPN; 200 of those were successful. 
A number of CPNs concerned activities taking place inside the home. Most were related to noises that could be heard in adjoining properties, including apartments. Shouting, swearing, and even crying that could be overheard were forbidden, as was “noise from televisions, sound equipment (stereo systems), radios, musical instruments, domestic appliances and power tools.” 
Four councils issued CPNs prohibiting people from feeding birds in their gardens — this despite the fact that the Royal Society for the Protection of Birds actually encourages people to do just that. 
“Such orders,” wrote the Manifesto Club, “undermine the privacy and sanctity of the home. If you cannot cry within your own house, or feed the birds in your garden, then the home has no significant meaning as a private space which is protected from the demands of the outer world.” Moreover, “The noise restrictions specified in these orders are unrealistically low: it is rare that TVs or music cannot be overheard to some extent in adjoining properties, and a certain background noise is part and parcel of living in a flat or terraced house. It may be that some of these individuals’ behavior would qualify as a statutory nuisance, but the issued CPNs set the conditions so low as to criminalize very ordinary behavior.” 
Many, if not most, of the CPNs concerned the conditions of people’s yards, or “gardens” in British parlance. While some requested the removal of waste such as sofas, others were merely for gardens that were not kept up to the standards of the official issuing the CPN. Several councils issued CPNs to individuals unfortunate enough to have Japanese knotweed, an invasive plant species, pop up in their gardens. Should those individuals fail to eradicate the weed — a lengthy and difficult process requiring deep excavation — they could end up with criminal records. 
“Councils can also use the measures to stifle criticism of council policy,” the Manifesto Club found. 
A man in East Lancashire was threatened with a CPN ordering him to take down “inflammatory” signs that criticized a new housing development sanctioned by the council. The signs were on his back gate and on a tree on the edge of his property. The council’s community protection coordinator said: “This notice would ultimately give the council the ability to enter the land and remove the signs.” 
CPNs have been used to force people to maintain their houses in keeping with others’ tastes. One homeowner was threatened with prosecution if he did not clean his windows both inside and out. Another was cited for keeping a bicycle collection on his property. 
Furthermore, CPNs can require people to take expensive remedial actions. If an individual refuses to comply, the council can have the work performed and then bill the homeowner for it. Sources of overheard noise can be seized and destroyed. 
“There appears to be little respect for the rights of home ownership or the notion that your house or garden are [sic] places that you can manage as you see fit,” observed the Manifesto Club. “Now it is the complainant outsider, and not the home owner or occupier, who appears to have the weight of authority and the balance of the law on their side.” 
Councils have also used CPNs to target particular individuals’ public behavior rather than going through the messy and public process of enacting general restrictions or obtaining civil injunctions. At least two councils have no laws against begging or public sleeping — one, in fact, was forced to withdraw a previous order prohibiting them because of public protest — but have used CPNs to enforce de facto bans on these activities. Some CPNs were issued to people who clearly needed help rather than prosecution, such as a homeless, mentally ill man who insisted on sleeping in the woods on hospital grounds but was harming no one. 
It’s not hard to figure out why local officials love CPNs: They can make up “laws” on the spot — some councils’ CPN forms don’t specify particular offenses but allow officers to write in whatever they please — and enforce them (and collect fines) without the bother of proving their case in court. 
“It is a principle of law that more specific powers should be preferred to more general ones,” argued the Manifesto Club. “In fact, we are seeing the opposite: the more general CPN power is being preferred to more specific powers. A quick-fix, all-purpose measure is being used in areas where other powers could be used, which means that the punishment of offences such as neighbor nuisance is occurring beyond the purview of formal law and procedure.” 
The Manifesto Club, along with other civil-liberties organizations, is calling on the government to greatly curtail the use of CPNs. They also note that individuals can appeal CPNs in court and encourage more to do so. 
The good news, the group’s Josie Appleton told CNSNews.com , is that the CPN statute hasn’t become entrenched law yet. 
“I think it’s very early days,” she said. “I’m hopeful.” Please review our Comment Policy before posting a comment 
Thank you for joining the discussion at The New American. We value our readers and encourage their participation, but in order to ensure a positive experience for our readership, we have a few guidelines for commenting on articles. If your post does not follow our policy, it will be deleted. 
No profanity, racial slurs, direct threats, or threatening language. 
No product advertisements. 
Please post comments in English. 
Please keep your comments on topic with the article. If you wish to comment on another subject, you may search for a relevant article and join or start a discussion there.",0
3959,Raging Cartel War Kills 20 in Mexico at Texas Border,"REYNOSA, Tamaulipas  —   More than 20 people have been killed in the raging violence in this city as two rival cartel factions continue to fight for control of lucrative drug and human trafficking routes. [As Breitbart Texas has been reporting, since last week, rival factions of the Gulf Cartel went to war in an effort to seize control of Reynosa. The fighting has led to convoys of gunmen riding in marked SUVs roaming the streets searching for their rivals. The border city of Reynosa is immediately south of McAllen, Texas.   As a response to the cartel violence, the Tamaulipas government has deployed police tactical teams and has called on the Mexican Army and the Mexican Navy to help suppress cartel activity. Military helicopters with snipers on board have been used contain cartel convoys. According to the Tamaulipas government, since the violence started there have been 20 individuals killed and six injured, however, local residents claim the death toll is higher. Mexican authorities have seized armored SUV’s, grenades, various automatic weapons and other weapons.  The fighting comes days after as Breitbart Texas reported, the Mexican government killed Juan Manuel “Comandante Toro” Loiza Salinas, the regional leader of the Gulf Cartel in Reynosa. The man known as El Toro had been linked not only to drug trafficking but also to human smuggling, kidnapping, extortion and other violent crimes that have terrorized this border city.  After El Toro’s death, various of his commanders have been fighting to keep control of Reynosa while rival commanders linked to the faction that controls the border city of Matamoros have been making a push for control. The border city of Matamoros is immediately south of Brownsville, Texas. Editor’s Note: Breitbart Texas traveled to the Mexican States of Tamaulipas, Coahuila, and Nuevo León to recruit citizen journalists willing to risk their lives and expose the cartels silencing their communities.  The writers would face certain death at the hands of the various cartels that operate in those areas including the Gulf Cartel and Los Zetas if a pseudonym were not used. Breitbart Texas’ Cartel Chronicles are published in both English and in their original Spanish. This article was written by “A. C. Del Angel” from Reynosa, Tamaulipas and “J. A. Espinoza” from Matamoros, Tamaulipas. ",0
3960,"Erdogan Triumphs After Coup Attempt, but Turkey’s Fate Is Unclear - The New York Times","ISTANBUL  —   Standing atop a bus outside his mansion in Istanbul on Saturday night, President Recep Tayyip Erdogan, victorious after putting down a coup attempt by renegade factions of the military, told his followers, “We only bow to God. ” The symbolism was stark. The informal rally harked back to his days as an     populist and Islamist leader who often spoke from the tops of buses. And his message, cloaked in the language of Islam, underscored how much Turkey has changed in recent decades. Members of the military, once the guardians of the country’s secular traditions who successfully pulled off three coups last century, were being rounded up and tossed in jail, and other perceived enemies were being purged from the state bureaucracy. The Islamists, meanwhile, were dancing in the streets. That is where, Mr. Erdogan said on Sunday, they would remain. “This week is important,” he told a crowd gathered at Istanbul’s Fatih Mosque for a funeral for a person killed in the violence over the weekend. “We will not leave the public squares. This is not a   affair. ” The coup attempt seems to have been decisively quashed, with nearly 6, 000 military personnel in custody. Funerals for many of the at least 265 people who died in clashes were taking place across Turkey on Sunday. Now the country is left to consider what the lasting consequences of the uprising will be. While Mr. Erdogan has fended off a coup, the most urgent question is this: Has he emerged even more powerful, or is he now a weakened leader who must accommodate his opponents? That much of the country, including those who have bitterly opposed his government, stood against a military coup as a violation of democracy has raised hopes that Mr. Erdogan will seize the moment to reach across Turkey’s many political divides and unite the country. Yet as the weekend progressed, it was becoming clearer that for Mr. Erdogan and his religiously conservative followers, the moment was a triumph of political Islam more than anything else. While secular and liberal Turks generally opposed the coup, it was Mr. Erdogan’s supporters who flooded the streets and gathered at Istanbul’s airport Saturday morning to push out the occupying army. They mostly yelled religious slogans and chants in support of Mr. Erdogan, not of democracy itself. After Mr. Erdogan’s speech on Saturday, thousands of his supporters marched down Istiklal Street in Istanbul to Taksim Square, mostly waving Turkish flags and shouting in support of their president. It felt like a rollicking street carnival. Women in head scarves filled the square, a truck played a song about Mr. Erdogan, and passing motorists honked and waved flags. That they were able to gather in public at all was significant, ample evidence that Turkey is, these days, for Mr. Erdogan and his supporters. When other groups, like gay and lesbian organizations or labor unions, try to gather in public spaces in central Istanbul, the streets are sealed off. Armored vehicles with water cannons suddenly materialize, as do police officers with tear gas canisters. “It was nice here today,” said Ali Tuysuz, 19, who was selling watermelon slices on Saturday in Taksim. “People are happy and buying watermelon. My tray was emptied three times. President Erdogan will protect the country. ” The mosques’ role in mobilizing citizens to gather in the streets as the coup was unfolding was decisive, but it nonetheless unsettled many secular Turks. They called it a historic sidestep of Turkey’s secular principles, in which religion is meant to be separate from politics. On Sunday, Turkey’s nearly 85, 000 mosques, in unison, blared from their loudspeakers a prayer traditionally recited for martyrs who have died in war and called for people to continue to rally against the plotters of the coup. “Most of the people who went out in the streets to oppose the coup d’état did not use democratic language,” said Ozgur Unluhisarcikli, the director of the Ankara office of the German Marshall Fund of the United States, a research organization. “There are people for whom Islam plays a big role in their lives in Turkey,” he added. “And there are people for whom Islam plays no role. ” As Turks waited to see in which direction their mercurial and powerful leader would steer the country in the wake of the coup attempt, Mr. Erdogan struck some conciliatory notes on Sunday. Yet he has also raised the possibility that Turkey would reinstate the death penalty, which it had abolished as a part of its pursuit to join the European Union. “If they have guns and tanks, we have faith,” said Mr. Erdogan, who also attended a funeral of a friend who was killed, and was seen crying. “We are not after revenge. So let us think before taking each step. We will act with reason and experience. ” Nigar Goksel, a senior Turkey analyst for the International Crisis Group, said there were two possible directions. “Either Erdogan utilizes this incident to redesign institutions in Ankara to his own benefit,” she said, “or he takes the opportunity with the solidarity that was extended to him by the opposition and different segments of society to reciprocate by investing more genuinely in rule of law and legitimate forms of dissent. ” Mr. Erdogan’s history suggests the latter possibility is unlikely. Each time he has faced a challenge to his power, from street protests three years ago to a corruption investigation that went after his inner circle, he has sidelined his enemies and become more autocratic. Already, even as the government has arrested thousands of soldiers and officers who allegedly took part in the failed coup, there were signs that it was using the moment to widen a crackdown on perceived enemies. Alongside the military, the government also dismissed thousands of judges, who seemingly had no role to play in a military revolt. “Now the government has a free hand to design the bureaucracy as they like, and they will,” Mr. Unluhisarcikli said. “All in all, Turkey will become a country where power is more consolidated and dissent will be more difficult. ” As the purge of the military continued on Sunday, one of those arrested was Gen. Bekir Ercan Van, the chief of Incirlik Air Base, from which the United States military flies missions over Iraq and Syria against the Islamic State. Over the weekend, General Van approached American officials seeking asylum but was refused, according to a person with knowledge of the matter who spoke anonymously because of the sensitive nature of the subject. The Greek prime minister, Alexis Tsipras, told Mr. Erdogan that the government would swiftly examine asylum claims by eight Turkish officers who fled to northern Greece in a helicopter and were detained on charges of illegal entry. Turkey has demanded their extradition. As the drama of the coup attempt played out Friday and into Saturday morning, it looked for a moment as if Mr. Erdogan was on the verge of being toppled from power. The president spoke to the nation via the FaceTime app on his iPhone after he narrowly escaped being captured by mutinous soldiers, who arrived in a helicopter at a seaside hotel where he was vacationing  —   just after he had departed. Then, around 3:30 a. m. he landed in Istanbul, after a dangerous flight undertaken while the plotters still had fighter jets in the air  —   the surest sign that the revolt was failing. But more than his dramatic arrival at the Istanbul airport, his confident speech on Saturday on top of the bus seemed to emphatically declare that he was back in charge. Celebrations by his supporters continued on Sunday, with jubilant crowds marching through the streets of Istanbul. “Look around you,” one of the supporters, Eytan Karatas, 37, a mechanic, said. “Look at these people. We are the real soldiers of this country, and we have a chief. ”",0
3961,Report: Personal Info of Nearly 200 Million Voters Left Vulnerable by Analytics Firm - Breitbart,"Writing at The Hill, Joe Uchill reports that Deep Root Analytics, a firm contracted by the Republican National Committee, potentially exposed the personal information of nearly 200 million voters by storing the data on an unsecured server:[A data analytics contractor employed by the Republican National Committee (RNC) left databases containing information on nearly 200 million potential voters exposed to the internet without security, allowing anyone who knew where to look to download it without a password. “We take full responsibility for this situation,” said the contractor, Deep Root Analytics, in a statement. The databases were part of 25 terabytes of files contained in an Amazon cloud account that could be browsed without logging in. The account was discovered by researcher Chris Vickery of the security firm UpGuard. The files have since been secured. Read the rest of the story at The Hill.",0
3962,Watch Ozzy Man’s incredibly sweary review of two cats fighting over some milk,"Next Swipe left/right Watch Ozzy Man’s incredibly sweary review of two cats fighting over some milk YouTube sensation, Ozzy Man , will review literally any video. His voiceovers may vary depending on whether he’s commentating a sports match, explaining the plot of a TV show or simply giving a rundown of events throughout the previous month, but they all have something in common: they’re profane as fuck! 
The commentary over this clip of two cats trying to get the lion’s share of a bowl of milk seems to have taken the swearing to a new level as Ozzy Man imagines the animals “Stuck in a ‘nah fuck you nah fuck you’ deadlock”. In the battle between Milo and Lucy , it’s Lucy who has the upper hand …paw, which led YouTube user kk piter to comment “ Milo is a bit of a pussy.” Can’t argue with that.",0
3963,Jackson Hole Ski Resort Forced to Close After ‘Unusual’ Storm - The New York Times,"Wyoming’s Jackson Hole got more of the snow that skiers crave on Tuesday night, but the heavy winds that came with it knocked out power and forced the area’s famed resort to close through the weekend. “This was a very unusual event for us,” said Anna Cole, a spokeswoman for the Jackson Hole Mountain Resort, where the slopes were emptied, hotel guests were relocated and the electricity remained off on Thursday. “This will probably be the longest time that we will have to close during our operating season in our history. ” In ski resort towns across the West, snow is the economic lifeblood, and winter storms are usually coveted. Jackson Hole has already gotten more than 400 inches of snow this season, Ms. Cole said, about as much as the total from last season. But the ferocious winds that accompanied Tuesday’s weather toppled 17 steel electrical poles, local officials said, blocking roadways and turning off the lights at the resort and the surrounding area. Crews are working to restore power and clear the highways, but the weather has scrambled vacation plans and closed   businesses during one of the region’s busiest months. Jason Wallace, from Austin, Tex. was part of a group that rented a house near the resort and planned to ski at Jackson Hole this week. But while waiting for his connecting flight in Denver on Wednesday, he learned of the storm damage and decided to change his plans. He is skiing in Colorado instead. “I think we all were kind of lucky to make the call pretty quickly that it wasn’t going to work,” said Mr. Wallace, who hopes to return to Jackson Hole at some point. A Special Olympics event and Skijoring, described as a mix of “extreme ski and rodeo,” scheduled at the resort this week have been canceled. Jackson Hole’s last multiday closing during ski season was in 1986, Ms. Cole said, when there was a snowstorm and avalanche risk. Resort officials said they did not foresee reopening before Monday. “I don’t know that we’ve had a power outage for this length of time,” said Melissa Turley, executive director of the Teton Village Association, the government agency that oversees the area around the resort. Still, with electrical lines strewed across the roads, Ms. Turley said residents were thankful there had been no reports of injuries or damage to buildings. Local tourism agencies worked with the resort to find hotel rooms for displaced travelers. Though power remains off at the resort, the nearby town of Jackson has electricity, another ski resort and plenty of hotel rooms, said Kate Foster, a spokeswoman for the Jackson Hole Chamber of Commerce. Flights continued to arrive and depart at the Jackson Hole Airport, though major airlines have offered travelers the opportunity to rebook if they would prefer. American Airlines gave its customers the option to request a refund. On Thursday’s American flight from Dallas to Jackson Hole, more than half the seats were still occupied, an airline spokesman said. And in Wyoming, where local officials were weathering an economic blow during what had been a promising ski season, many still saw a silver lining. “When the mountain resort opens,” Ms. Foster said, “it’s going to be amazing skiing. ”",0
3964,"In Leaked Memo, James Comey Explains Why FBI Told Congress About Reopened Clinton Probe","In Leaked Memo, James Comey Explains Why FBI Told Congress About Reopened Clinton Probe   Zero Hedge 
Having been the whipping boy of Republicans everywhere since July, following his announcement the FBI would not recommend charges against Hillary Clinton, then shockingly making the ""most hated list"" of every Democrat with the even more stunning news the FBI had reopened its probe of Hillary Clinton, bureau director James Comey just can't seem to win. 
So in an attempt to justify his actions, a ""leaked"" memo emerged on Friday evening courtesy of Fox News , which explains why Comey took the unusual step of deciding to inform Congress that the FBI had reopened its investigation into Clinton’s private email server. The memo reveals two main arguments: a sense of obligation to lawmakers and a concern that word of the new email discovery would leak to the media and raise questions of a coverup. 
These two arguments prompted the FBI director to release his brief letter to Congress on Friday and has sent the presidential race into a tailspin less than two weeks before Election Day. It placed Comey again at the center of a highly partisan argument over whether the nation’s top law enforcement agency was unfairly influencing the campaign. 
In a memo explaining his decision to FBI employees soon after he sent his letter to Congress, Comey said he felt “an obligation to do so given that I testified repeatedly in recent months that our investigation was completed.” He admitted that he broke with custom in alerting lawmakers that the investigation into Hillary Clinton’s private email server was being reopened because of its political sensitivity. 
He further explained to FBI employees that “Of course we don’t ordinarily tell Congress about ongoing investigations, but here I feel an obligation to do so given that I testified repeatedly in recent months that our investigation was completed . I also think it would be misleading to the American people were we not to supplement the record."" 
What made this case special in Comey's eyes is that Clinton is seeking the White House in an election on Nov. 8. In other words, both internal pressure to preempt leaks (from disgruntled employees?) and a sense of ""obligations"" is why Hillary's campaign is in full damage control mode right now. 
“At the same time, however, given that we do not know the significance of this newly discovered collection of emails, I don’t want to create a misleading impression,” Comey’s letter continued. “In trying to strike that balance, in a brief letter, and in the middle of an election season, there is significant risk of being misunderstood, but I wanted you to hear directy from me about it.” 
As reported previously, the bombshell revelation that newly discovered emails had prompted a new look into whether Clinton or those around her had broken the law my mishandling sensitive information rocked the race for the White House Friday. Comey informed eight Republican lawmakers that new emails had surfaced that were relevant to the investigation, and warranted a new look. 
Comey announced in July that the FBI had wrapped up a year-long investigation into Clinton’s use of a private email server for official business and concluded that while she was “extremely careless,” he could not recommend that the Justice Department seek an indictment. The decision was blasted by Republicans, and FoxNews.com reported earlier this month that career DOJ and FBI workers were furious. 
Now, it is the democrats turn to rage at Comey and the FBI, although Comey likely did not have much choice: had he kept the information secret, it certainly would have leaked as we predicted; as such his best recourse was to come clean, although many have speculated about the cryptic nature of the disclosure. 
Needless to say, all Comey would need to do to regain the Demcorats' trust and favor is to announce in just a few days that nothing material has been found and that the second probe is also over.",0
3965,"Off the Cuff, but on the Record - The New York Times","Suppose you’re at a conference. The panels and keynotes and forums have broken up, and you head off to get a drink with a handful of attendees. Are you on the record? Suki Kim, a New York Times   author, found herself in such a situation when she attended a book festival in Brisbane, Australia, over the weekend. After listening to a controversial keynote address on racial and cultural identity, Kim and a few other authors retreated to a small room in the hotel for what was billed by the conference hosts as an “ ” private conversation over cocktails. But four days later, Kim found herself quoted in The New York Times, in a piece in which she criticized another prominent author by name, lamenting that his and other books by white males on topics similar to her book’s tended to be better received. Kim was outraged, and still is, that the Times reporter Rod Nordland, who she acknowledges speaking with at the event, would quote her for an article. Nordland is the Times Kabul bureau chief and is himself a recent author of a book on Afghanistan. That’s the basis on which he was invited to the book festival, and to the smaller reception: he wrote a book. Kim says she knew Nordland was a journalist (she considers herself a journalist as well) but she says she had no idea they were having an    conversation for a story. They were at a book festival, after all, one exclusively for authors, and Nordland never mentioned he planned to write an article for The Times. That’s Kim’s version of events. But the more interesting fact is that’s Nordland’s version too. I spoke to both of them by phone after Kim wrote to the public editor’s office Tuesday, angry that she had been quoted by name in the story. “This is so unethical. It’s not acceptable what he did,” Kim said from Seoul, South Korea. “I would never talk about another writer in public. It’s so ungenerous and tacky. ” Nordland agrees about the circumstances of their meeting: it was authors only, in a hotel room, with eight to 10 people. But Nordland insists that because Kim knew he was a journalist, she should have had an expectation that the conversation was on the record. He also says that at the time of their conversation, he didn’t have any plans to write a story about the conference. “I don’t consider that kind of stuff off limits,” Nordland told me from London. “I’ve been in many social situations and someone might say, ‘By the way, that’s off the record.’ She didn’t say that. ” Nordland also notes that Kim made similar comments the previous day at a larger forum, during which she complained that white males who do investigative journalism for a book are generally taken more seriously than women of color (she is  ). But Kim says that she didn’t mention any male authors by name at the more public event. A review of the Facebook Live video of the event confirms her version. I found Kim’s argument and perspective compelling and asked Phil Corbett, the editor who oversees issues of ethics and standards for the newsroom whether Nordland had complied with newsroom policy in this circumstance. Here’s his reply: That seems like a stretch to me in this case. I believe Kim did have an expectation of privacy at this “” “private” gathering  —   as the literature promoting the event described it. She was discussing books with a man she knew was an author and journalist, just like her. And there was no mention of any story. Kim is insisting, unsuccessfully, that the quote be removed. Disagreements between sources quoted in stories arise with some regularity in newsrooms. They are difficult to sort out and take any action on because it quickly turns into one person’s recollection against another’s. What’s unusual about this case is the agreement over the circumstances  —   Nordland acknowledges he didn’t ask to quote Kim or mention any story. That strikes me as outside the bounds of good journalistic practice. If Nordland didn’t know until the next day that he intended to write a story, he should have gone back to Kim and asked whether she was willing to be quoted. Or he should have quoted what she said the previous day at the event captured on video for the general public  —   the version that didn’t attack an individual author. I believe editors should speak to Nordland and make clear that his approach did not meet Times standards and was not good journalistic practice. I also believe a note should be attached to the piece saying that a portion of Kim’s remarks were inappropriately obtained at a private event. Unfortunately for Kim, at this point in the publication cycle it probably makes no sense to remove the passage. That’s too bad, because Kim had every expectation of privacy, and didn’t get it.",0
3966,Wow! Grandmother Exposes Massive Nationwide Election Fraud,"Bev Harris of Black Box Voting has unearthed the most devious and diabolical plot to rig the 2016 U.S. Elections.
More reason as to why non-participation is the best way to fight a broken system. This evidence shows how your actual vote has little value.

Watch on YouTube 
Delivered by The Daily Sheeple 
We encourage you to share and republish our reports, analyses, breaking news and videos ( Click for details ). 
Contributed by The Daily Sheeple of www.TheDailySheeple.com . 
This content may be freely reproduced in full or in part in digital form with full attribution to the author and a link to www.TheDailySheeple.com. ",0
3967,Silicon Valley Speaks Out Against U.S. Leaving Paris Accords - Breitbart,"Tech leaders across Silicon Valley have attacked President Trump for his recent decision to pull the U. S. out of the Paris Climate Accord. [Mark Zuckerberg, CEO of social media giant Facebook, was one of many tech elites to speak out against President Trump’s decision to leave the Paris Climate Accord. “Withdrawing from the Paris climate agreement is bad for the environment, bad for the economy, and it puts our children’s future at risk. ” wrote the billionaire CEO in a public post on Facebook.  “For our part, we’ve committed that every new data center we build will be powered by 100% renewable energy,” he stated adding, “Stopping climate change is something we can only do as a global community, and we have to act together before it’s too late. ” Google CEO Sundar Pichai also tweeted his disapproval of Trump’s decision saying, “Disappointed with today’s decision. Google will keep working hard for a cleaner, more prosperous future for all. ” Brad Smith, the President and Chief Legal Officer at Microsoft took to LinkedIn to write a lengthy disapproval of the U. S. leaving the Paris Climate Accord saying, “We are disappointed with today’s decision by the White House to withdraw the United States from the landmark, globally supported Paris Agreement on climate change,” Smith writes. “We believe that continued U. S. participation benefits U. S. businesses and the economy in important and multiple ways. A global framework strengthens competitiveness for American businesses. It creates new markets for innovative clean technologies, from green power to smart grids to   solutions. And by strengthening global action over time, the Agreement reduces future climate damage to people and organizations around the world. ” Apple CEO Tim Cook wrote an internal letter to Apple staff where he too expressed his concerns and disapproval. The full letter, as reported by TechCrunch, reads, Team, I know many of you share my disappointment with the White House’s decision to withdraw the United States from the Paris climate agreement. I spoke with President Trump on Tuesday and tried to persuade him to keep the U. S. in the agreement. But it wasn’t enough. Climate change is real and we all share a responsibility to fight it. I want to reassure you that today’s developments will have no impact on Apple’s efforts to protect the environment. We power nearly all of our operations with renewable energy, which we believe is an example of something that’s good for our planet and makes good business sense as well. We will keep working toward the ambitious goals of a   supply chain, and to eventually stop mining new materials altogether. Of course, we’re going to keep working with our suppliers to help them do more to power their businesses with clean energy. And we will keep challenging ourselves to do even more. Knowing the good work that we and countless others around the world are doing, there are plenty of reasons to be optimistic about our planet’s future. Our mission has always been to leave the world better than we found it. We will never waver, because we know that future generations depend on us. Your work is as important today as it has ever been. Thank you for your commitment to making a difference every single day. Tim, Tesla CEO Elon Musk also tweeted that he would be removing himself from all future presidential councils, Am departing presidential councils. Climate change is real. Leaving Paris is not good for America or the world.  —   Elon Musk (@elonmusk) June 1, 2017,  and was quickly shut down by former Republican Presidential candidate Ted Cruz, In support of Paris, CA billionaires pledge to never again fly private, will only fly commercial.   —  will quit symbolic councils instead. https:  .   —   Ted Cruz (@tedcruz) June 2, 2017,  Lucas Nolan is a reporter for Breitbart News covering issues of free speech and online censorship. Follow him on Twitter @LucasNolan_ or email him at lnolan@breitbart. com",0
3968,Movie About Ireland’s Win Over New Zealand Announced,"0 Add Comment 
A $250 million Hollywood blockbuster detailing Ireland’s heroic victory over New Zealand has been greenlit. 
A joint production between Disney and RTÉ, the national broadcaster is set to sell off the Fair City set for scrap in a bid to raise the necessary funding to recreate the 40-29 victory for an epic 9 hour film, with several sequels already rumoured. 
Tipped to win ‘all the Oscars’ by Irish rugby fans who have just learned of the movie’s existence, tickets to the movie’s premier in the Aviva stadium have sold out, with some tickets selling online for 6-figure sums. 
“This project really appealed me right after learning of the final whistle, and I couldn’t pass up the chance to play the entire Irish squad myself,” actor Daniel Day Lewis explained at the press launch announcing the beginning of production. 
However, it is unclear when the movie will make its way to cinemas as Day Lewis is famed for his extensive preparation for roles. 
“Daniel is expected to join Blackrock’s junior cup team this year before progressing with his junior cert studies, then he will be captaining the senior cup side. So it may be several years before he feels he can boss a game like Sexton and Murray,” explained joint directors of the movie Steven Spielberg and Martin Scorsese. 
Such is the unconfined joy created by the 40-29 victory many of the fans in attendance in Chicago are cashing in on the famous win. 
“My mate Dave is doing a one man show called ‘I Was There’, he’s sold out 40 dates in Vicar Street,” explained Dublin woman Andrea Hooley, “I’ve had 8 proposals of marriage from old boyfriends after I posted a picture of myself at the game on Facebook, I won’t take any of them up on the offer but I could probably get a holiday out of one of them”. 
We Beat Them, We Actually Fucking Beat Them is slated for release sometime in the next few years.",0
3969,Dear Azzy: Soros and Sluts,"Today’s questions come from the #AskAzzmador Twitter hashtag. 
Dear Azzy, 
Do you think by Donald Trump name dropping George Soros, yet again, it will force the window of understanding for people? 
-Zanting 
Dear Zanting, 
It certainly can’t hurt. Soros is already one of the most reviled people on Earth, and everything he does is absolutely emblematic of The International Jew. He is the Jew’s Jew. The Jew to whom other Jews aspire to be. 
No amount of sunlight on Soros is too much. Whether the person shedding said light is Jew-wise or not. Every time he and other major players in World Jewry are exposed more people sudd3nly see the pattern. And as we all know, once you’ve seen (((the pattern))), it is near impossible to ever ignore it again. 
Azzy Q. How much more Jewy can Soros be? A. None. None more Jewy. 
Dear Azzy, 
Asking for a friend. My friend’s sister is a slutbag. Are the muzzies on point with the family honor thing? 
-Alt Right Capybara 
Dear Alt Right Capybara, 
My condolences to your friend and his family for having to suffer the humiliation and discomfort that come with having a slut in the family. For at least 40 years now sluttery has been a widespread epidemic, and has grown worse with each passing year. 
The causes of this plague are many. They include easy access to birth control, the breakdown of the nuclear family, the celebration of every form of degeneracy, the “free love movement” ushered in by stinky hippies who, for the most part, no one would want to have sex with unless they were out of their minds on multiple controlled substances, feminism, the loss of moral authority in our religious institutions, and many, many more reasons, which can all be vaguely but accurately summed up by saying “The Jews.” So empowered. So inspiring. Thank God we gave them the vote. 
To answer your question, no, the muzzies are not on point. We can’t just go around throwing acid in the faces of sluts, as much as we might feel justified in doing so. It’s bad optics, and besides, we’re White, which means that when we have problems, we solve them, instead of chimping out and burning bitches down, whether literally or figuratively. 
What we have to address is the core problems with our society that causes women to become sluts in the first place. 
The patriarchy must be restored. When men ran things, sluts were viewed as the vile whores they truly are, and were relegated to the filthy corners of society where no one wants to be. 
We have to end no-fault divorce. This is just a way to let a slut-in-hiding marry some poor guy, take him to the cleaners, then slut around on his dime when she’s supposed to be raising the kids. 
We have to stop making sluts role models for our kids. Just look at the sluts who came out of kid’s TV programming: Britney Spears, Christina Aguilera, Miley Cyrus. I’m sure there are many more. And the news media is full of sluts. Megyn Kelly, for example. Just the role model for your little girls goyim. Buy tickets please. 
We have to shame these sluts for their behavior. It’s a tried and true tactic, and the proof that it works is in the shrieking and bellowing of SJW sluts when you slut-shame them. 
Above all else, we have to marginalize slutty behavior again. That’s the only thing that will really work. And that means we have to keep doing what we’ve been doing, which is push the Overton Window farther and farther to the right until some semblance of sanity and morality is restored to our culture, and slutty behavior is no longer rewarded. 
Azzy 
To submit questions to “Dear Azzy” you can post them in the Daily Stormer Forums here , in the Twitter hashtag #AskAzzmador , or for longer or more personal questions feel free to leave me a private message.",0
3970,How to Buy a Used Car in an Age of Widespread Recalls - The New York Times,"For people in the market for a used car, the “certified  ” designation has long been the gold standard, an indication that a qualified mechanic has vouched for the car and that a buyer can expect a vehicle that is  —   hopefully  —   almost as good as new. But the Takata airbag recall, which is the biggest in history, has upended all of that. Now the certified designation  —   known in the auto trade as C. P. O.  —   will no longer necessarily have the same meaning. For one thing, last month the Federal Trade Commission made it easier for cars to be billed as “certified,” even if they were under recall and hadn’t been fixed yet. And just as significantly, Ford  —   with the F. T. C. settlement for cover  —   told its dealers this week that they could sell recalled vehicles and certify them too, so long as they did not advertise them as “safe” and required buyers to sign forms acknowledging that they were aware of the problem. Against this backdrop, one dealer in Florida has refused to sell recalled vehicles that he cannot get fixed, letting 100 or so pile up on a lot miles from his main showroom. He even sued a rival who he believes is selling recalled cars without disclosing that they have not been fixed yet. How did the   market get so confusing all of a sudden? For starters, the Takata airbag recall is unprecedented in its scope, with over 60 million airbags affected, but also in its complexity. Dealers can’t simply fix everything at once, because there are not enough replacement parts. As a result, the airbags most likely to cause harm are first in line for repair, and the lines for existing recalls and others to come may extend for at least a few more years. Given that situation, the Federal Trade Commission told General Motors and two dealers in December that it was just fine to advertise used vehicles as certified even if their airbags were under recall and had not been fixed. Just disclose it, the agency said (in a complaint that has sent jaws dropping throughout the auto industry). Until early this week, every major car company had said that they forbade their dealers from selling certified used vehicles with any open recalls, including ones for Takata airbags. On Monday, however, Ford broke ranks, issuing an update to dealers on its “enhanced” recall process and giving them permission to certify used vehicles that had open recalls after all. There are conditions for the dealers, including these: They must note the recall in two different places and have buyers initial a form. When parts arrive, they have to contact buyers to schedule a replacement. And no advertisements may make claims about “safety” or “safety inspections. ” So does Ford believe there is no competitive advantage to be gained from fixing all recalled cars before selling them? “It’s very difficult to answer that,” Sara Tatchio, a Ford spokeswoman, said. “We absolutely put safety first and fix everything we can. ” All the chaos, conflict and changing policies leave consumers in a frustrating position, trying to sort out who’s still selling cars that federal regulators have ordered to be fixed and just how much any seller is disclosing. While federal law prevents dealers from selling new cars with an open recall, no federal law forbids them from selling used ones that way, even if some state consumer protection laws might help an injured owner’s case. In the complex   ecosystem of   and with wholesalers and sellers of various sorts, this has created a number of challenges and a wide range of responses, including some prominent companies that have changed their policies 180 degrees. Whatever policies they set, automakers have only so much control, given that people who work at dealerships occasionally go rogue. Moreover, dealers sometimes certify a car as clean and put it up for sale  —   and then it’s recalled right after that. If the dealer does not catch it and pull the car out of the sales inventory, it is violating the automaker’s rules (and could attract the attention of the F. T. C. ). Buyers who wonder how safe it is to drive with a recalled Takata airbag and check the National Highway Traffic Safety Administration website will learn the following: “The vast majority of Takata airbags will perform as expected. ” Oh, but: “Lives have been lost due to this defect. ” Reaction in the industry to Ford’s move was somewhat muted. Audi, BMW, General Motors, Honda, Kia, Mazda and Subaru said they had no plans to follow Ford’s move. Toyota’s response was a bit more squishy. “We are not going to speculate on what impact the F. T. C. ruling may or may not have on Toyota’s current policy,” Aaron Fowles, a Toyota spokesman, said via email. “But there have been no changes to date. ” The   chain CarMax has taken a similar approach to Ford’s. While it too had a recent   with the F. T. C. over disclosure issues, the company says that it is transparent as possible, from its online listings to its   interactions. But why sell cars with open recalls at all, thus putting the onus on consumers to sort out the repair? In a statement on its website, CarMax, which cannot repair recalled vehicles itself, states that “customers are in the best position to act on recall information. ” How can that be? Well, CarMax explains that dealers who are authorized to do recall repairs are more likely to repair cars quickly when working with an individual. If CarMax showed up with dozens of cars, those dealers might shun it because it competes with that dealer’s   operation. Does this sound like an extremely useful conspiracy theory designed to dump all the hassle on consumers, who have the least knowledge of how the system works? Would CarMax at least call out said manufacturers by name, to help get to the bottom of this? No, it would not. “Some manufacturers have provided guidance to their dealers that they should remediate recalls for dealer customers first,” a CarMax spokeswoman, Catherine M. Gryp, said in an email message. “Across the country, we have been put in the back of the line for recall repairs. ” AutoNation took a different approach, at least at first. In 2015, its chief executive, Mike Jackson, told Automotive News that the recall situation was “a dysfunctional nightmare that the industry should be ashamed of. ” The company pledged to sell no cars with open recalls, period. By last year, it was costing the company dearly, to the tune of 6 cents per share of its earnings in the third quarter. In November, it gave up and began selling some cars with open recalls (and full disclosures). The lack of Takata airbag replacements, the F. T. C. ’s decision and other anticipated regulatory rollbacks proved to be too much. “We are proud of the efforts we made, but sometimes the system beats you down,” Marc Cannon, the company’s chief marketing officer, said. Sounds kind of like what it feels like to be a consumer in the middle of all this. If you’re about to start shopping for a used car, begin at safercar. gov. There, you can look up cars  —   even the vehicle identification number of a specific car you’re considering  —   to see what recalls are in effect. A report from Carfax can help you figure out whether a recalled car has been fixed. But don’t stop there. Ask the dealer about any open recalls, as well as any proof they might have that they have gotten the recall fixed. Trust, but verify. (Actually? Don’t trust too much, and verify twice.) Worried about a car that you already have? You should be, both about future Takata recalls and others that we don’t know about yet. Rosemary Shahan of the Consumers for Auto Reliability and Safety suggests registering your vehicle both with your car’s manufacturer and the National Highway Traffic Safety Administration so that you get a notice if your airbag or anything else comes up for recall. Run the vehicle identification number through some checks yourself from time to time too, just to make sure you’re not missing anything. You might also hope that more dealers act out in the same way as Earl Stewart of Lake Park, Fla. He refuses to sell used cars with open recalls, but he doesn’t want to turn away people who are trading in cars with recalled Takata airbags that they have not been able to get fixed yet. This   policy isn’t just good customer service if he can’t take their trade, they might not buy another vehicle from him at the same time that they turn their old one in. As a result, however, he has 100 or so cars sitting in a lot waiting for repair. And when he sent secret shoppers into competing dealers to see how much disclosure they were doing about recalled cars they were selling, he was outraged at what he found. “Maybe this is unique to South Florida, but they are all extremely devious and proactively trying to sell recalled cars by saying there is no recall,” Mr. Stewart said. So he filed a lawsuit to try to swing others over to his way of doing things. “I don’t want the money  —   I just want to stop the practice,” he said. “We’re going to keep filing suits until they throw the towel in. ”",0
3971,Syria: Tortured by war,"Code for blog Syria: Tortured by war Will there be peace for Syria? Will the country live in peace? When is it peace in Syria? What will be happening in the country after the war? The Syrians can hardly believe the hell, in which they have been living for years, will ever end. 
AP",0
3972,CNN Cuts Feed After Senator Objects to Clinton Foundation Atty Joining ’Independent’ Counsel - Breitbart,"CNN cut away from a Senate Judiciary Committee hearing on Tuesday morning, seconds after Sen. Lindsey Graham ( ) raised concerns that Special Counsel Robert Mueller had hired a former Clinton Foundation attorney to assist with the probe into alleged Russian interference in the 2016 presidential election. [Graham was questioning Deputy Attorney General Rod Rosenstein, who was sitting in for Attorney General Jeff Sessions.  Democrats have long accused the Trump campaign of colluding with Russia, though no evidence has emerged. There is also speculation that Special Counsel Mueller will probe allegations of obstruction of justice against President Donald Trump. Earlier this week, reports emerged that Mueller had hired attorneys for his investigative team who had donated to Hillary Clinton in the past, and one in particular who had represented the Clinton Foundation in its effort to block Freedom of Information Act requests for   on Clinton’s private server. Graham: Is giving political donations a reason to disqualify somebody for serving in the Special Counsel’s office? Rosenstein: No, Senator, it is not a disqualification. It is not. Graham: As a matter of fact, many states, the judges and prosecutors are actually elected. Donations are a part of that system, is that correct? Rosenstein: Yes, that’s true. Graham: Would it be a disqualification for somebody in the Special Counsel’s office who had represented Mrs. Clinton in the past to serve? Rosenstein: You know, Senator, it would depend on facts and circumstances. As a general matter, I think the answer is no. Graham: Isn’t that much closer to a conflict of interest? Rosenstein: I don’t want to answer a hypothetical, Senator. Everybody needs to make a determination based on the facts and circumstances of the individual case. Graham: How would you get it before the Special Counsel? What process could a member of the Senate use to inform the Special Counsel that you’d have a concern about hiring someone that represented Clinton? Rosenstein: We have a process within the Department of Justice, Senator, so I would encourage you, if you have those concerns, to raise them with [former] Director Mueller or to raise them with me, and I’ll make sure  —   Graham: So should I do it to you or to him? Rosenstein: Well, you could do it to both. Graham: Okay. That’s fair enough. Rosenstein: And we have career  —   Graham: And I don’t know if I’ll do that, but I’ve read some things that were  —   I don’t think donations are disqualifying at all, but if you represented the Clinton Foundation or Clinton herself, that would be disturbing to me, but I’ll take care of that. CNN cut back to the studio shortly after that, while Graham was still questioning Rosenstein. Earlier, Graham had asked Rosenstein whether there was “any reason, for cause, to fire Mr. Mueller. ” Rosenstein had said he did not know of any reason. Joel B. Pollak is Senior    at Breitbart News. He was named one of the “most influential” people in news media in 2016. He is the   of How Trump Won: The Inside Story of a Revolution, is available from Regnery. Follow him on Twitter at @joelpollak.",0
3973,Donald Trump and His Allies Struggle to Move Past Tax Revelation - The New York Times,"Donald J. Trump and his allies struggled on Sunday to move beyond the revelation that he might have been able to legally avoid nearly two decades of federal income taxation, putting new pressure on the candidate just as he tries to recover from a lackluster debate performance. Mr. Trump’s campaign lurched between refusing to acknowledge that the 1995 tax records, portions of which were published on Saturday night by The New York Times, were bona fide, to insisting that his not having paid taxes was evidence of his unrivaled business prowess. The Times report, based on documents obtained by the newspaper, showed that Mr. Trump, the Republican nominee, declared a $916 million loss on his 1995 income tax returns, which could have allowed him to legally avoid paying any federal income taxes for up to 18 years. At a rally in Lancaster County, Pa. that began shortly before the article was published, Mr. Trump seemed jarred by the pending revelation, shifting from topic to topic mocking his Democratic rival, Hillary Clinton, for having had pneumonia and insinuating that she might have cheated on her husband. The performance capped a bruising week for Mr. Trump, who went from a widely panned debate performance against Mrs. Clinton on Sept. 26 to repeatedly mocking Alicia Machado, a former Miss Universe who is Hispanic, including with a string of Twitter posts around 5 a. m. on Friday. That Twitter storm raised new questions about Mr. Trump’s temperament, for which Mrs. Clinton has often criticized him. Mr. Trump is now limping into the final five weeks of a race in which he has lost the momentum, some of his allies acknowledged. “This is the most important week of his campaign,” said Newt Gingrich, a former House speaker and an adviser to Mr. Trump. Mr. Gingrich was critical of the taxes article but said the candidate must prepare seriously for the second presidential debate, on Oct. 9. Mr. Trump, he said, will have to decide whether he cares enough about the presidency to change his style. To regain footing and try to turn attention back on Mrs. Clinton, Mr. Trump plans to use a speech on Monday in Colorado to call attention to how both Clintons became very wealthy after leaving the White House, said Jason Miller, a campaign spokesman. On Sunday, Mr. Trump’s advisers sought to play down questions about the tax returns. “The man’s a genius,” Rudolph W. Giuliani, a former New York mayor and a close adviser to Mr. Trump, said on Sunday on CNN’s “State of the Union. ” “He knows how to operate the tax code for the people that he’s serving. ” In this case, Mr. Giuliani added, Mr. Trump had simply acted as any responsible American businessman would to save money for his enterprises. Mr. Trump’s investors, he added, could have brought legal action against Mr. Trump had he not taken advantage of the tax law’s provisions to avoid taxation. But in an ABC News interview, Mr. Giuliani, sounding increasingly frayed, offered a remark that focused explicitly on Mrs. Clinton’s gender. “Don’t you think a man who has this kind of economic genius is a lot better for the United States than a woman, and the only thing she’s ever produced is a lot of work for the F. B. I. checking out her emails?” he asked. Gov. Chris Christie of New Jersey, another adviser to Mr. Trump, argued that rather than demonstrating any kind of malfeasance, the tax records published by The Times showed Mr. Trump to be singularly qualified to overhaul the federal tax code. Not only that, Mr. Christie said, but the documents supporting the report illustrated Mr. Trump’s success in what the governor characterized as the weak economic climate of the early 1990s. “This is a guy who, when lots of businesses went out of business in the early 1990s, he fought and clawed back to build another fortune, to create tens of thousands of more jobs,” Mr. Christie said on “Fox News Sunday. ” “This is actually a very, very good story for Donald Trump,” he added. Mr. Trump’s tax returns  —   which he has repeatedly refused to release, in defiance of what has become the norm for presidential candidates over the last four decades  —   have been a lingering battle in his contest with Mrs. Clinton, who has released her returns regularly throughout her political career. Mrs. Clinton seized on the Times report, using Twitter on Sunday to release a “Trump ‘Smart’ Tax Calculator” to show how much users would pay in taxes “if you paid the same as ‘billionaire’ Donald Trump. ” The answer  —   at different income levels reaching into the tens of millions of dollars  —   came up as zero. The Times report has refocused attention on Mr. Trump’s finances as the campaign moves into its final phase, giving Democrats a new opportunity to discredit the Republican nominee and forcing his surrogates to quickly try to change the conversation. Mr. Trump’s campaign did not contest or confirm the report, but a lawyer for the candidate said in a statement that the publication of the tax records was illegal. Writing on Twitter on Sunday morning, Mr. Trump reiterated part of his campaign’s statement, boasting that he understood “our complex tax laws better than anyone who has ever run for president” and that he had created far more jobs than Mrs. Clinton. Supporters of Mrs. Clinton used the Times report not only to draw attention to Mr. Trump’s refusal to release his returns, but also to portray him as an unreliable businessman and the embodiment of a system “rigged” in favor of the wealthy, a line that Mr. Trump has favored on the campaign trail. “He crashes businesses into bankruptcy, leaving scores of businesses unpaid  —   people really hurting with the losses his companies have suffered  —   but he walks away unscathed,” Senator Claire McCaskill, Democrat of Missouri, said on “Fox News Sunday. ” “It appears he walks away with a golden ticket that allows him under the tax code to avoid taxes for decades. ” Senator Bernie Sanders of Vermont, who battled for the Democratic nomination with Mrs. Clinton, said that far from making Mr. Trump a genius, the tax disclosure illustrated the unfair advantage given to wealthy Americans. “The rich are getting richer,” Mr. Sanders said on ABC’s “This Week. ” “Almost everybody else is getting poorer. And yet billionaires like Donald Trump are able to manipulate the tax system so that they avoid paying federal income tax. ”",0
3974,Guardian Front Page: “A 16-Year-Old Migrant Cries…”,"October 27, 2016 
Won’t you take pity on this poor, innocent little child? 
This image of a “16-year-old” migrant crying – which is currently plastered on the front page of The Guardian – is nothing short of laughable. 
“A 16-year-old from Ethiopia cries while he awaits registration at a processing centre in the makeshift refugee camp near Calais,” the photo’s caption reads. The image is placed under a headline reading: “Councils resist pressure to take children from Calais.” 

This crying “child” is supposed to make Brits feel guilty and demand their government allow “children” like him into their nation. 
The image is not a fake, nor is it being used satirically. It comes from the Associated Press’ Emilio Morenatti , you can see four pictures of the man for sale on their website . 
The “child migrant” is clearly in his 40’s, yet their editors evidently believe their readers are so incredibly stupid they’ll actually believe they’re looking at a 16-year-old boy. 
A look at Emilio’s twitter shows one person appears to have actually bought the lie: @morenatti2004 Imposible no hacernos mirar y luego, un nudo en la garganta. pic.twitter.com/A7zvz5440q 
— Luján Artola Paulos (@rowley_bel) October 25, 2016 
“Impossible not make us look, then, a lump in the throat,” the tweet reads. 
Incidentally, Ethiopia is not even a war zone, so I’m not sure how this 45-year-old man can even be considered a “refugee.”  42  ",0
3975,"Naval Air Forces ‘Doomsday Plane’ Circled Over Denver For Hours, Spraying Chemtrails Over Metro Area","NTEB Ads Privacy Policy Naval Air Forces ‘Doomsday Plane’ Circled Over Denver For Hours, Spraying Chemtrails Over Metro Area The 'doomsday plane' aircraft – usually launched at the outbreak of a nuclear attack - was spotted circling by thousands of US citizens on the ground. The unbranded plane travelled across several states and changed directions numerous times, prompting a Twitter frenzy of conspiracy theories. by Geoffrey Grider November 19, 2016 A TOP-SECRET United States aircraft known as the ‘Doomsday Plane’ was spotted in the skies over America circling the Denver metro area 
The aircraft – usually launched at the outbreak of a nuclear attack – was spotted circling by thousands of US citizens on the ground. The unbranded plane travelled across several states and changed directions numerous times, prompting a Twitter frenzy of conspiracy theories . 
These were only intensified after a spokeswoman for the Naval Air Forces confirmed the plane was in fact their own E-6B Mercury, also known as the Doomsday Plane. Mysterious U.S.A.F ‘Doomsday Plane’ Circling Over Denver Metro Area: 
Not only was the mysterious ‘Doomsday Plane’ circling over the Denver metro area for hours, it also seemed to be spraying chemtrails out the back as it circled. 
Local news outlet Denver7 tracked flight IRON99 as it traveled from the west coast to Oklahoma. The plane eventually landed at Tinker Air Force Base in Oklahoma city after an hour loitering above Denver. 
The news station’s initial attempts to find where the plane originated proved fruitless as officials from the Federal Aviation Administration (FAA), U.S. Northern Command (NORTHCOM), U.S. Strategic Command (STRATCOM), North American Aerospace Defense Command (NORAD) and a dozen Air Force Bases could not confirm the flight. 
The next day, however, the Navy confirmed that the mysterious aircraft was in fact one of its E-6B Mercury planes, known as the ‘Doomsday plane’ , and was simply returning to its homebase. These planes, created by Boeing at a cost of $141.7 million per unit, have the capability to launch nuclear missiles and communicate with nuclear submarines. 
The overall mission of the E-6B is to provide “command, control and communications abilities between the National Command Authority (NCA) and U.S. strategic and non-strategic forces.” 
A nd if you think all that is creepy , which it is, just remember what it was circling over… The Secrets of the Denver International Airport 
The most amazing thing about the Denver International Airport (DIA) is not that it is filled to the brim with very freaky occultic symbols everywhere you look, it’s that it is everywhere you look. Instead of trying to hide them, or be clever about it, these works of darkness are on bold display, daring you to figure them out. And there is no question of any kind that all these symbols do indeed tell a story that is yet to be realized. The story of an evil, tragic holocaust. Do I have your attention? 
The satanic nature of the Masons is well-known , and we shall not go into that here in this article. (if you would like to learn about Freemasonry, click here for an excellent introduction.) But what I would like to call your attention to is what is written right under the Masons logo. It reads “New World Airport Commission.” Not only does it sound like a name created by conspiracy theorists, the other startling fact is that the ‘New World Airport Commission’ doesn’t seem to exist. Anywhere. 
 ",0
3976,The ‘Goddess’ Yi Wan Ka: Ivanka Trump Is a Hit in China - The New York Times,"BEIJING  —   When Wang Ge, a business school student, wakes up, she often asks herself, “What would Ivanka do?” That would be Ivanka Trump, the eldest daughter of President Trump, a woman Ms. Wang has never met but worships. In the United States, Ms. Trump has become a controversial figure, battling persistent questions about business conflicts and criticism for not doing more to moderate her father’s policies toward women. But in China, Ms. Trump is widely adored. Her lavish lifestyle and business acumen resonate with many young professionals who are hungry for fame and fortune in a society that often equates material wealth with success. Ms. Wang keeps photos of Ms. Trump on her iPad. She counsels   friends to read Ms. Trump’s   tips (“Find strength in others” and “Be an optimist”). And she models her day on Ms. Trump’s, waking at 6 a. m. to increase productivity and setting aside at least a   to read. “She’s pretty, she has her own career, she’s hardworking and she has a beautiful family,” said Ms. Wang, 26, a student at Cheung Kong Graduate School of Business in Beijing. “She inspires me. ” While Mr. Trump, who meets President Xi Jinping of China in Florida on Thursday, has bluntly assailed China on issues like trade and North Korea, Ms. Trump has helped soften her father’s volcanic image. She is called a “goddess” on social media. A video of her daughter singing in Chinese went viral, attracting tens of millions of viewers. Working mothers have latched onto Ms. Trump’s brand of    feminism, even if most lack her financial resources, and entrepreneurs have studied her speeches for clues on making successful pitches. Xinhua, the official news agency, weighed in last week, describing Ms. Trump as having an “elegant and poised style. ” “A lot of people think Ivanka is the real president,” said Li Moya, 31, who runs an app for renting venue space in Beijing. “We think she has the brains, not her father. ” Young Chinese women working in sectors like technology and finance have been especially taken by Ms. Trump, whom they see as an elegant symbol of power and ambition. They say they have sought to mimic her tenacity and confidence as they confront chauvinism and stereotypes in the workplace and in family life. Many are also impressed by Ms. Trump’s decision to start her own fashion brand rather than simply focus on the family real estate business. “She’s very independent,” said Wang Jiabao, 28, a reality television producer in Beijing. “She represents what we’re looking for  —   to marry into a decent family, to look good, and to also have your own career. ” Some also believe Ms. Trump embodies Confucian values, pointing to her decision to convert to Judaism for her husband and her steadfast defense of her father, both seen as illustrations of a devotion to family. In China’s   urban centers, Ms. Trump’s tips on leading a balanced life (“Don’t sleep with your BlackBerry next to your bed,” says one) have found a large audience. On messaging apps, young professionals trade translations of her   guides, while working mothers share her advice on carving out time for loved ones. Chinese companies have also tried to profit from Ms. Trump’s popularity, filing hundreds of trademark applications using her name  —   Yi Wan Ka in Chinese  —   on products and services such as shoes, spa treatments, plastic surgery and pottery. Still, Ms. Trump has her critics. Some are skeptical of her father’s policies and disturbed by her decision to join his administration, in which she serves as assistant to the president. Others believe that as a child of privilege she is a poor role model for everyday Chinese people. “She’s trying too hard and pretending too much,” said Shi Yixuan, 22, an administrative staff member at Peking University in Beijing. But many women see recognizable Chinese attributes. “Underneath her image are very traditional values,” said Dai Linjia, a communications consultant. “Her family is almost like a dynasty. ” While her father has threatened a trade war with China and criticized China’s efforts to build outposts in the South China Sea, Ms. Trump and her husband, Jared Kushner, have embarked on a charm offensive with the country. It helps that her daughter, Arabella, speaks Chinese, which she began learning from her Chinese nanny. Ms. Trump and Arabella attended a Lunar New Year festival at the Chinese Embassy in Washington in February, an event broadcast on China’s   news. On Tuesday, two days before her father was to meet Mr. Xi, Ms. Trump posted a photo of her younger son, Theodore, playing with wooden blocks emblazoned with Chinese characters. Analysts said Ms. Trump’s popularity could help ease the relationship between China and the United States at a tense time. “Her father is a regular critic of China, so Ivanka’s moves sort of compensate for that,” said Shi Yinhong, a professor of international relations at Renmin University in Beijing. “The Chinese government will see there are both ugly and positive messages coming out of the U. S. ” Many younger Chinese will be watching this week’s meeting between Mr. Trump and Mr. Xi for signs of Ms. Trump. Ms. Wang, the business school student, said she hoped that Ms. Trump could help improve China’s standing in the United States. “She’s a very good role model,” she said. “I think she can help the two countries grow closer. ”",0
3977,Trump Derangement Syndrome: Larry Summers Worries We Might Export Natural Gas To China - Breitbart,"Larry Summers is now worried that the United States might start exporting natural gas to China. [The former Treasury Secretary has attacked a trade deal reached earlier this month between the United States and China as something “a serious administration committed to helping American workers would likely not have accepted and surely would not have hyped. ”  That’s a powerful accusation to level against an administration elected on an America First platform. Fortunately, there’s little evidence to back up the allegation. The most substantive objection Summers raises has to do with the part of the deal which will allow U. S. to export liquified natural gas to China. “To at least a small extent that would mean higher heating costs for American consumers and higher energy costs for U. S. producers,” Summers warns. This objection might make a bit of sense if energy costs were presenting a serious problem for American consumers and producers. But energy costs are at historic lows. Natural gas prices have come off their recent lows but are still far below their average for this century. Higher heating costs are not a big concern right now.  Summers objection is likely wrong even about the effect on prices. It assumes that the U. S. is currently producing the maximum amount of natural gas possible so that any additional demand for China would push prices up. But this assumption is factually wrong. In fact, natural gas production is far from its peak in the U. S. Which means that added demand from China is not likely to drive up prices so much as drive up production. It is also notable that this is an objection that could apply to any export by U. S. producers. When foreign consumers buy products made in America, they drive up the price of those goods for Americans —  all other things being equal. Of course, all other things are not equal since demand for exports results in increased production of goods. Summers is apparently suffering from Trump Derangement Syndrome, the psychological compulsion to find fault with Trump policies that would otherwise be unobjectionable. And now its grip on the former Treasury Secretary is so strong he is arguing against exports to China.  ",0
3978,Obamacare on the Ropes as House Follows Senate in Voting to Repeal - Breitbart,"The House of Representatives voted Friday to approve Senate Concurrent Resolution 3, which sets in motion the repeal of President Barack Obama’s healthcare reform legislation, Obamacare, by a vote of    with nine Republicans voting against the repeal bill. [“This provided Congress with the legislative tools that we need to repeal and replace Obamacare,” said Speaker Paul D. Ryan (R. .) who spoke on the House floor before the vote. “This is the critical first step toward delivering relief to Americans who are struggling under this law. ”  It is very rare for a speaker to take to the House floor and comment on a bill, so Ryan’s remarks signal the importance of the vote. “The law is collapsing, the insurers are pulling out, and people can’t afford it,” he said. “The deductibles are so high, it doesn’t even feel like you have insurance in the first place,” Ryan said. “This is a rescue mission. This is a necessary move and I urge all of my colleagues to do what is right. ” Nine Republicans voted with Democrats against the bill and no Democrats voted for the bill. After Ryan was done, he shook hands with other Republicans and walked off the floor. Although it is the custom for the speaker not to vote, Ryan did join the rest of his conference to support passage of the bill that does not truly repeal the 2010 Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act. Rather, because it is a bill using the track set up to pass the federal budget, it only addresses the financial underpinnings of Obamacare, such as the fees, taxes and, subsidies. Future legislation would have to address the rules and regulations. Republican leaders chose the budget reconciliation process because Senate Republicans do not have the 60 votes required to end debate and proceed to a vote. A budget bill, however, has a fixed 50 hours of debate and then proceeds directly to a vote. The incomplete repeal and the failure by Republicans to have a companion replacement bill that would cement the parts of Obama’s healthcare reforms that have consensus support —  such as protections for people with   conditions or the ability to keep children on a parent’s plan until age 26 —  has raised concerns. Following the speaker at the rostrum, the Minority Leader Rep. Nancy Pelosi (D. .) approached to be recognized. “I’m so sorry that the speaker left the floor, because I have some very good news for him,” she said. “Clearly, he does not understand what the Affordable Care Act has brought to our country in terms of expanding access to many more people and to the promise of our Founding Fathers of Life, Liberty and the Pursuit of Happiness,” she said. The chairman of the House Freedom Caucus —  the conservative bloc inside the House Republican Conference —  Rep. Mark R. Meadows (R. . C.) voted for the partial repeal but has voiced his concerns about not having the replacement to Obamacare   . “This has been a top priority of mine and the Freedom Caucus, as I believe it is critical that we give the American people a clear direction and assurance of a smooth transition toward a sound, high quality, and affordable healthcare market —  especially so the most vulnerable can get the coverage they need,” Meadows said. “Going forward, I strongly believe and will continue to express that a full repeal of Obamacare should take effect within two years during the 115th Congress,” he said. “That is what we promised the voters we would do. That is our job —  and it’s high time we accomplish it. ” Now that the bill has passed, House and Senate committees must come up with specific proposals for the transition to the   world. The committees are allowed to submit their proposals beginning Jan. 27 in order to be incorporated in a final “budget” bill. The congressman Meadows whom succeeded as leader of the House Freedom Caucus, Rep. James D. Jordan (R. ) said he voted for the bill because he wanted to get the process going. This is step one in the process to repeal Obamacare, a law that has driven up prices and hurt care,  —   Rep. Jim Jordan (@Jim_Jordan) January 13, 2017,  “This is step one in the process to repeal Obamacare, a law that has driven up prices and hurt care. There are several steps to come but the goal is very clear: repeal it all  —   every regulation, every tax, every mandate  —   and do it this Congress,” Jordan said. “All the talk of a three to four year phase out is not what we told the voters we would do. I will work to repeal it all as fast as we can,” he said.",0
3979,Syrian Rebels Launch Chemical Attack In Aleppo,"Russia Today reports: 
RT Arabic’s crew in Aleppo reports 36 cases of suffocation. 
“A couple of hours ago we received some 35 patients, all mildly hurt. Their symptoms match those that appear when a person is poisoned by chlorine gas,” doctor Yazan Sarmani told Ruptly at Al Razi hospital in Aleppo. 
“The victims are soldiers but there are also civilians among them. They all suffered from chlorine gas [poisoning], that is why they showed intensive lacrimation and breathing difficulties. We took care of them, administered oxygen and gave them medicine. Some of them had to be hospitalized,” he added. 
Al-Mayadeen earlier reported that all the victims of the attack are civilians. 
“The symptoms the victims showed were the same, but of different severity: watery eyes, frothing at the mouth, vomiting, nausea. All were either lightly or mildly hurt,” doctor Zahir Hamdi Hadzhu, a medical examiner from Aleppo, also told RT Arabic over the phone. “We asked some victims what they smelled… Their responses were the same: after the fall of the shell they [smelled] the odor which is often met at swimming pools.” 
“The symptoms and the smell indicate that chlorine gas was used. The final confirmation will be available after lab tests,” he said, adding that there may be more than 40 victims of the gas attack, as patients keep coming in. 
Militants reportedly used the poisonous gas in an attack on the Assad Military Academy in the Assad Suburb in western Aleppo, as a part of a broader offensive against government positions in the city which was launched on Friday. 
Victims at the hospital described the gas attack to Ruptly video agency. 
“They fired at us from mortars and attacked our positions with armored vehicles. We were circled. Shells were falling like rain. They also fired some poisonous substance at us. Then we were brought here,” a man wearing army camouflage said. 
“The whole world should now see what is going on in the south-western part of Aleppo where the terrorists are using the chemical weapons again,” says political analyst Bassam Abdullah. “We should know that we are in front of terrorist groups, not moderate opposition, which are not respecting international law. Every day and night they are attacking the western part of Aleppo, while at the same time, the Syrian Army with the Russians… opened aid exits for civilians from the eastern part to go outside. We know that terrorists are preventing anyone to leave the eastern part of Aleppo.” 
It is not yet confirmed what gas was used in the attack, but Al Mayadeen claims that fighting near the academy continues. 
The head of the political office of the Aleppo-based rebel group Fastaqim denied the report of gas being used in the attack, according to Reuters. 
According to RT reporter Murad Gazdiev, who is in Aleppo, nine people were killed and 50 more injured in militant shelling on Sunday morning. 
“As part of this rebel offensive in Aleppo we are also hearing that they are utilizing suicide bombers. Four apparent infiltrators blew themselves up inside Aleppo city,” Gazdiev said. 
He added that 10 other similar cases are said to have occurred at the frontline with “armored personnel carriers, trucks packed with explosives blowing their way through the Syrian defenses.” 
Rebels launched a major offensive against government forces in Aleppo this week, attempting to break the siege on the eastern part of the city which they now control. Rebels from various groups are taking part in the assault, including those fighting under the FSA (Free Syrian Army) banner and Islamist militants. 
Last week, Russian and Syrian government forces halted strikes on the rebel-held positions in the city, hoping the initiative would lead to a long-awaited ceasefire. But according to military intelligence, militants used this period to transfer reinforcements to the area of Khan Tuman in the south and Kafr Hamra in the north of Aleppo, amounting to about 8 thousand fighters. 
The Syrian government has been recently accused of using chemical weapons, including chlorine gas, in its attacks on militants. Several reports by the Organization for the Prohibition of Chemical Weapons (OPCW) and the UN’s joint Investigative Mechanism (JIM) claimed that Syrian Arab Air Force helicopters used chemical weapons in a number of cases in 2014 and 2015. Moscow, however, dismissed these accusations, pointing to the lack solid proof and substantiated evidence that it was in fact the Syrian Army that conducted the attacks in question. The use of chlorine as a weapon is prohibited under the 1997 Chemical Weapons Convention, which Syria joined in 2013, after a Russian diplomatic effort. In January of that year, OPCW confirmed the destruction of all chemical weapons declared by the Syrian Arab Republic.",0
3980,5 Stand-Up Specials to Stream This Week - The New York Times,"Thanks to an aggressive push by streaming services like Netflix and Seeso, there have never been more new hours of comedians telling jokes than right now. Netflix’s deals with Chris Rock and Dave Chappelle (who will post two filmed concerts on Tuesday) have received most of the attention, but what makes this golden age of specials particularly exciting is the amount of new work from young comics on the rise. Here’s a look at some recent noteworthy releases. The first time Jerrod Carmichael appears onscreen performing, he’s not walking onstage, as in most specials, but already there. It’s a tight   of his face. After starting a sentence, he pauses to reconsider, then continues tentatively, gently posing a question in a way that makes you think he doesn’t know the answer: “Are we going to be O. K.?” Staged by a fellow comic, Bo Burnham, who beautifully directed this special in the Masonic Hall in Manhattan, it’s a startlingly intimate opening that anticipates the quietly searching, introspective jokes that follow. The recent presidential election shadows this hour, particularly in its melancholy mood. Mr. Carmichael is a deeply political comic, but his contrarian perspective is clarified as much by the way he probes his psyche as by his examination of the issues. His apathy is a central theme. In a culture in which so many on social media trumpet their moral rightness, Mr. Carmichael, who has an acclaimed NBC sitcom, “The Carmichael Show,” invites the audience, sometimes explicitly, to judge his wrongness. He explains his indifference to global warming or inability to support the troops with conviction. In his   delivery, he presents confessions of embarrassing thoughts, transgressions that are not cheap provocations so much as the activity of a free and fearless mind. Explaining that Jay Z means more to him than the Rev. Dr. Martin Luther King Jr. he says plainly: “I know every Jay Z lyric. I only know, like, four bars of the ‘I Have a Dream’ speech. ” Is Katherine Ryan the new Joan Rivers? The British news media has been saying that about Ms. Ryan, a Canadian comic in her early 30s who became famous in Britain through   and   appearances. She doesn’t shy away from the association. “They say I’m Joan Rivers, but older,” she says in a typical zing of a punch line. Like Ms. Rivers, she does crowd work and racial humor. And she also does raunchy jokes in an   register that evokes Sarah Silverman. In general, Ms. Ryan is more likely to remind you of other performers than lay a claim to her own style. She has charming moments but could use an editor her impressions of Bill Cosby and Mr. Burns from “The Simpsons” are unpersuasive. One reason Rivers was so singular is that, while she desperately wanted laughs, her instinct was to challenge rather than pander to her audience. Here is where Ms. Ryan parts ways with Rivers. When she tells a joke about how out of shape Americans are, she’s giving British fans exactly what they want. Cristela Alonzo, a   comic, walked into a bar down South. “I asked the bartender for an Old Fashioned, so he took away my voting rights,” she says, pivoting to the next joke. “I’m kidding. I’m Latina. I didn’t vote. ” Ms. Alonzo, who had a   ABC sitcom, is a dynamic stage presence, addressing audience members as if they’re old friends while effortlessly projecting to the last row. In between jokes, she flashes a bewildered smile, as if she can’t believe what she just said. In this set, her nostalgic portrait of her late mother is genuinely moving, but her funniest material, about the challenges of being poor, brings to mind the best   of Roseanne Barr. Her finest set piece investigates her childhood fantasy about the band New Kids on the Block, which, she recalls, involved her working as a maid on their tour bus. “Even in my fantasy,” she marveled, “I can’t give Latinos better jobs. ” Midway through his impressively polished debut special, Fahim Anwar  —   one of a growing number of gifted Muslim comics working clubs (Hasan Minhaj and Mo Amer are two others to keep a close eye on)  —   paused to boast with mock swagger that he was now part of the most feared minorities in the United States. An American of Afghan descent, Mr. Anwar conceded that   remain in the competition. “In a dark alley, you might be more afraid of him than me,” he said of black men, “but on public transportation, I feel like I win that one. ” While he has some material about his background, Mr. Anwar does not linger on it. His jokes cover familiar territory (movie clichés, auditioning) but what makes him one of the most exciting young   today, and one with breakout potential, is his outlandish physicality and   showmanship. He starts jokes as a stationary observational comic, but finishes them with cartoonish voices, expressive eyes (he can telegraph a     in darting pupils) and deliriously silly dance moves. The current   he most evokes is Sebastian Maniscalco, another kinetic comic specializing in character work. Mr. Anwar even has an alter ego, an arrogant comic named Lance Cantstopolis, who is a mix of Borat and Tony Clifton. He shows up at the end of the special for a second, but I would not be surprised if this cartoonish character finds his own vehicle before too long. Carmen Lynch has such a mellow, meandering, deadpan delivery that it’s easy to underestimate how many punch lines she packs into a minute. Tall with a lopsided grin, she has a casual,   style that masks a sneakily dark sensibility and precision writing. This approach has allowed her to kill regularly in short sets around New York for years. Her first album is punchy and quick, shifting with alacrity from bits about family to dating. Her attitude is wry   laced with hints of melancholy. “I think money makes you happy,” she said in a typical quick setup. “I cried in a Mercedes once, and it wasn’t that bad. ” It’s only when her jokes don’t get exactly the response she wants that she pulls the emotional heartstrings: “Please laugh at all my jokes,” she said. “I have a heart murmur. ”",0
3981,"CNN’s Zeleny: Press Isn’t ’Going to Shut Up,’ But Bannon Is ’Absolutely Right’ That ’We Should Listen More’ - Breitbart","On Friday’s broadcast of PBS’ “Washington Week,” CNN Senior White House Correspondent Jeff Zeleny stated, “we’re not going to shut up, obviously. But I think we should listen more to what America’s doing.  Zeleny said, “Steve Bannon said the media should shut up, but he also said in that same sentence they should listen more. And I think he’s absolutely right about that. I think we should listen more. We didn’t necessarily see this election coming. So the shut up thing, OK, we’re not going to shut up, obviously. But I think we should listen more to what America’s doing. But they should too listen more to what their voters are saying and, you know, if he’s going to be able to sort of, keep them motivated and alive. ” Follow Ian Hanchett on Twitter @IanHanchett",0
3982,"Bud Selig, an Apostle for Equity, Reaches Hall of Fame - The New York Times","Bud Selig, the folksy former commissioner of Major League Baseball who presided over an unprecedented period of expansion, innovation and turmoil in the sport, was elected to the Hall of Fame on Sunday by the hall’s restructured veterans committee along with John Schuerholz, the World   general manager with the Atlanta Braves and the Kansas City Royals. “To say this is a great day in my life would be an understatement,” Selig said on a conference call Sunday. “I’ve looked forward to this day for a long time and I’m really honored to say the least. ” Selig was named on 15 ballots and Schuerholz on all 16 from a new version of the veterans’ committee created to consider not only older players but also candidates who are not eligible for election through the traditional process, a vote by baseball writers. The group, the Today’s Game Era Committee, is made up of eight Hall of Fame inductees, five M. L. B. executives and three writers and historians. Inductees needed a minimum of 12 votes at baseball’s winter meetings outside of Washington. Selig and Schuerholz will be inducted into the Hall of Fame in Cooperstown, N. Y. in July. George Steinbrenner, the owner of the Yankees from 1973 until his death in 2010, was also on the ballot but received fewer than five votes, failing to be elected for the third time. Also on the ballot were the former players Mark McGwire, Albert Belle, Harold Baines, Orel Hershiser and Will Clark. Davey Johnson and Lou Piniella were also considered for their careers as managers. McGwire, who hit 583 home runs but admitted to using steroids during his playing career, also received fewer than five votes. Selig, the original owner of the Milwaukee Brewers, led baseball from 1992 through 2014, one of the most dynamic and controversial periods in its history, in which the sport grew into a $10    industry. He governed, in part, through his ability to build consensus among the owners, perhaps his greatest skill. “We were a sport resistant to change,” Selig said. “I believe in those years that is the most change in baseball history. ” Selig, 82, was the acting commissioner during the worst strike in baseball history, a work stoppage that wiped out the 1994 World Series, and the   steroid era that so badly tarnished the image of the game. But baseball has now gone 22 years without a work stoppage, and, after great upheaval and acrimony, it has instituted a stringent drug policy. “Yes, it was terribly painful, broke my heart,” he said of the 1994 strike. “But it served as a great lesson and we took it. The same thing with the steroid thing. Yes it was painful, yes it had its ups and downs. But we solved that problem. We now have the toughest testing program in American sports. ” Selig is credited with introducing popular innovations including the   playoff system, realignment, interleague play and television replay of umpires’ decisions, as well as with the creation of baseball’s lucrative internet presence, M. L. B. Advanced Media. More than anything, Selig was a tireless supporter of   and midmarket teams, pushing through   policies that redistributed millions of dollars from the larger market teams to the smaller ones. That, combined with the increased number of playoff spots, gave clubs from cities like Detroit, Houston, Kansas City and Tampa Bay entrée into the World Series in recent years. “What I inherited in ’92 was a system that was archaic and hadn’t been changed since what I call the Ebetts Field and Polo Grounds days,” he said. “I am proudest of that. It was painful and took a lot of time, but it saved a lot of   clubs who would tell you they wouldn’t be in business. ” Another of Selig’s legacies  —   tethering the result of the   Game to   advantage in the World Series  —   was rescinded in the latest version of baseball’s collective bargaining agreement with its players’ union. Selig was also an advocate for recognizing baseball’s role as a social institution. In 1997, he was instrumental in honoring Jackie Robinson, who broke baseball’s color barrier in 1947, by having all teams retire Robinson’s No. 42. Once a minority owner of the Milwaukee Braves, Selig brought baseball back to Wisconsin in 1970 when he bought the Seattle Pilots, renamed them the Brewers and moved them into Milwaukee’s County Stadium. He succeeded Fay Vincent, of whom he had been critical as an owner, as the acting commissioner of baseball in 1992, then assumed the role permanently in 1998. Schuerholz, 76, was the general manager of the Royals from 1981 until 1990 and presided over their 1985 World Series championship. He moved to Atlanta in 1990 to rebuild the   Braves, and within a year he had constructed a team that would go on to win 14 consecutive National League East titles (not including the strike year of 1994) five National League pennants and the 1995 World Series. Results of the regular annual election, the baseball writers’ vote on recently retired candidates, will be announced on Jan. 18.",0
3983,"‘Vulture’ or ‘Phoenix’? Wilbur Ross, Risk-Taker, Is Eyed for Commerce Post - The New York Times","Wilbur L. Ross, the billionaire investor expected to be nominated as the next commerce secretary, has made his fortune through the tricky business of buying deeply troubled companies. With wealth estimated at $2. 9 billion, Mr. Ross, who turns 79 on Monday, would join a cabinet that is already expected to include one of the superwealthy in Betsy DeVos, the nominee for secretary of education, and that may soon have others. In choosing Mr. Ross to be the face of American business for the rest of the world,   Donald J. Trump is turning not to a cautious corporate chieftain, but to a   speculator. Like his presumptive boss, Mr. Ross has been considered either a hero or a villain during his career. There is not a lot in between. In 2002, he won praise from workers when he bought the shuttered steel mills of LTV, a bankrupt company in Cleveland. Four years later, Mr. Ross was pilloried after an explosion at the Sago Mine in West Virginia, which his company had bought a few weeks earlier, killed 12 miners. The stark contrasts reflect the nature of the world in which Mr. Ross operates: distressed investing. He made his name scouring the landscape for businesses left for dead that he could sink money into and then profit from when they were resurrected. It is a business that requires nerves of steel and a strong stomach. The chances of failure  —   along with headlines about collapsed businesses and lost jobs  —   are balanced against the opportunity for a big reward if a turnaround strategy works. Some businesses where he has invested, like textile mills, have struggled. But other investments have salvaged industry and jobs while providing a lucrative payday. His   bet was in the steel industry more than a decade ago, a time when few wanted anything to do with it. Mr. Ross cobbled together the ailing assets of LTV and Bethlehem Steel into a new company called International Steel Group, which was sold in 2004 to Mittal Steel for $4. 5 billion. “There were no outsiders who were willing to step forward and make an investment,” said Ron Bloom, an investment banker who negotiated with Mr. Ross for the United Steelworkers. “He went where angels feared to tread. ” Like his investing, the politics of Mr. Ross, a former Democrat, do not always stick to orthodox points of view. Mr. Ross has expressed strong conservative beliefs on some issues  —   favoring big tax cuts for businesses, for example, and a repeal of President Obama’s health law. Yet Mr. Ross has also suggested that he is receptive to some of the   views favored by American labor unions and by Mr. Trump. “The president has a huge amount of fire in terms of abrogating treaties, and he can do a lot without reference to Congress,” Mr. Ross said in an interview the day after the election. Mr. Ross, a member of Mr. Trump’s economic team during the campaign, said he expected the new president to do a lot on trade and regulation through executive action. “He is serious about suspending any new regulations,” said Mr. Ross, who held one of Mr. Trump’s first  . A spokesman for Mr. Trump, Jason Miller, said: “Though   Trump has not yet announced his pick for this position, it goes without saying that Mr. Ross has been a fantastic advocate for the  ’s plan to bring back jobs, eliminate the trade deficit and make good deals for America’s workers. ” The nomination of Mr. Ross would be the capstone to a career on Wall Street that has spanned decades and has made him one of the most visible and successful of a breed of investor known as “vultures” because of their penchant for going after nearly dead businesses. Mr. Ross, by contrast, has often preferred to see himself as another kind of bird  —   the mythical phoenix, helping businesses rise from the ashes. To some degree, Mr. Ross helped Mr. Trump do that when some of his casinos in Atlantic City fell on hard times. Mr. Ross and Carl C. Icahn, another billionaire investor and supporter of Mr. Trump, were both bondholders in the Trump Taj Mahal casino when it was teetering on financial collapse in 1990. Instead of pushing the casino into an immediate bankruptcy, Mr. Ross and Mr. Icahn worked with Mr. Trump and others to structure a more orderly bankruptcy filing in 1991. The negotiated restructuring helped Mr. Trump salvage his name and brand at a time when he arguably did not have many friends on Wall Street. The low point of Mr. Ross’s career was the deadly mine disaster in West Virginia. Although he helped set up a charitable fund for the families of the victims, and his company contributed more than $1 million to them as well, some in organized labor remain bitter about Mr. Ross and his firm. Still, that episode has not deterred some unions from doing business with him when it was in their interest. In 2012, Mr. Ross was one of the wealthy investors who gave a $50 million cash infusion to Amalgamated Bank, one of the nation’s largest   lenders, which was struggling to stay in business after the financial crisis. An affiliate of the Service Employees International Union, which controlled the ailing Amalgamated Bank, did not hesitate to take Mr. Ross’s money. “Wilbur Ross’s investment firm has been an investor in the bank and held a seat on our board for nearly five years,” said Loren Riegelhaupt, a spokesman for Amalgamated Bank. “While we appreciate his financial acumen, his relationship to the bank has never impacted our core progressive principles: providing quality financial services to our clients while advancing the values we believe in. ” Mr. Ross sold his firm in 2006 to Invesco, an   investment company, for about $375 million. Since then, he has pulled back on the daily operations of the business. While remaining as chairman of the firm, Mr. Ross has spent more time in recent years at his Palm Beach, Fla. home, not far from Mr. Trump’s    estate. Mr. Ross was born in Weehawken, N. J. and has been married three times. His second wife, Betsy McCaughey, a Republican, served as New York’s lieutenant governor from 1995 to 1998. The experience, Mr. Ross would later tell New York magazine, “gave one a very   view of politics. ” Ms. McCaughey, too, was named to Mr. Trump’s economic team during the campaign. Some suggest Mr. Ross’s business ties may pose potential conflicts of interest. But the sale of his company, W. L. Ross, may make it easier for Mr. Ross to separate himself from its   interests, which include businesses in Europe, China and India. His remaining financial interests in the firm’s funds could be put in a blind trust, and he could easily resign from the five corporate boards on which he sits. Still, those overseas deals could raise questions about his relationships with foreign leaders and businesspeople from China and Russia. He is vice chairman of the Bank of Cyprus, the biggest bank in that European island nation, and he is credited with helping the bank to recover from a severe crisis in 2013. But Mr. Ross’s investment in the bank also makes him a de facto business partner with Viktor F. Vekselberg, one of Russia’s most prominent businesspeople and a man with ties to the Kremlin. Mr. Ross has complained about China’s having taken jobs from Americans  —   a message similar to the one Mr. Trump repeated throughout his campaign. Yet for all the   commentary, Mr. Ross has been a frequent visitor in the past two decades and has made inroads in that country’s energy industry. Mr. Ross linked up with the most powerful player in the country’s power generation business, China Huaneng Group, in 2008. The   company had been run for years by the eldest son of Li Peng, the former prime minister who was the godfather of the country’s electricity industry.",0
3984,Fifteen Quotes Proving False Flag Terrorism & the Existence of a ‘Shadow Government’,"ARJUN WALIA OCTOBER 18, 2016 Tensions between the United States, their allies, and Russia continue to rise. It seems, as always, that we are on the brink of global war. The Western military industrial complex continues to take over the Middle East and arm ISIS and other terrorist groups, as well as establish and solidify their military presence throughout the world. The sheer number of United States military bases around the globe is astonishing. 
For more, unbiased information on the current state of affairs between the United States and Russia, I recommend visiting theantimedia.org. 
Mainstream media outlets continue to spread propaganda , and have been doing so for years, claiming that there are terrorists, that they threaten national security, and that we must go after them. At the same time, an inflated sense of patriotism is encouraged in American citizens, so they believe their soldiers are fighting for freedom, despite doing the precise opposite. 
A great quote by Edward Bernays, who was known as the father of public relations, comes to mind here: 
The conscious and intelligent manipulation of the organized habits and opinions of the masses is an important element in democratic society . Those who manipulate this unseen mechanism of society constitute an invisible government which is the true ruling power of our country. We are governed, our minds are molded, our tastes formed, our ideas suggested, largely by men we have never heard of. ( source ) 
A number of politicians and academics from around the world have been trying to create awareness on this issue for decades, and although we’ve come a long way, our relatively slow progress demonstrates the stranglehold mainstream media has on the minds of the masses. 
“The statesmen will invent cheap lies, putting the blame upon the nation that is attacked, and every man will be glad of those conscience-soothing falsities, and will diligently study them, and refuse to examine any refutations of them; and thus he will by and by convince himself the war is just, and will thank God for the better sleep he enjoys after this process of grotesque self-deception.” 
– Mark Twain ( source ) 
Below, you’ll find 15 quotes on false flag terrorism and the secret government. False flag terrorism refers to the idea that terrorist attacks are created, perpetuated, and/or funded by Western governments and their allies in order to justify the infiltration of other countries for ulterior motives. Quotes on False Flag Terrorism and the Secret Government 
1. The Dalia Lama 
“Of course, war and the large military establishments are the greatest sources of violence in the world. Whether their purpose is defensive or offensive, these vast powerful organizations exist solely to kill human beings. We should think carefully about the reality of war. Most of us have been conditioned to regard military combat as exciting and glamorous – an opportunity for men to prove their competence and courage. Since armies are legal, we feel that war is acceptable; in general, nobody feels that war is criminal or that accepting it is criminal attitude. In fact, we have been brainwashed. War is neither glamorous nor attractive. It is monstrous. Its very nature is one of tragedy and suffering.” 
“Modern warfare waged primarily with different forms of fire, but we are so conditioned to see it as thrilling that we talk about this or that marvelous weapon as a remarkable piece of technology without remembering that, if it is actually used, it will burn living people. War also strongly resembles a fire in the way it spreads. If one area gets weak, the commanding officer sends in reinforcements. This is throwing live people onto a fire. But because we have been brainwashed to think this way, we do not consider the suffering of individual soldiers. No soldiers want to be wounded or die. None of his loved ones wants any harm to come to him. If one soldier is killed, or maimed for life, at least another five or ten people – his relatives and friends – suffer as well. We should all be horrified by the extent of this tragedy, but we are too confused.” 
“But no matter how malevolent or evil are the many murderous dictators who can currently oppress their nations and cause international problems, it is obvious that they cannot harm others or destroy countless human lives if they don’t have a military organisation accepted and condoned by society.” ( source ) 
2. Dr. Michel Chossudovsky, Canadian economist, the University of Ottawa’s Emeritus Professor of Economics 
“We are dealing with a criminal undertaking at a global level . . . and there is an ongoing war, it is led by the United States, it may be carried out by a number of proxy countries, which are obeying orders from Washington . . . The global war on terrorism is a US undertaking, which is fake, it’s based on fake premises. It tells us that somehow America and the Western world are going after a fictitious enemy, the Islamic state, when in fact the Islamic state is fully supported and financed by the Western military alliance and America’s allies in the Persian Gulf. . . . They say Muslims are terrorists, but it just so happens that terrorists are Made in America. They’re not the product of Muslim society, and that should be abundantly clear to everyone on this floor. . . . The global war on terrorism is a fabrication, a big lie and a crime against humanity.” 
“Al Qaeda and the Al Qaeda affiliated organizations, including the Islamic State, are not independent organizations, they are sponsored, and they are sponsored by the United States and its allies. It is documented that prior to 2011, there was a process of recruitment of mujahideen to fight in Syria, and this was coordinated by NATO and the Turkish high command. This report is confirmed by Israeli news sources and unequivocally, we are dealing with a state-sponsorship of terrorism, the recruitment of mercenaries, the training and the financing of terrorism.” ( source )( source ) 
3. Paul Hellyer 
“It is ironic that the U.S. would begin a devastating war, allegedly in search of weapons of mass destruction, when the most worrisome developments in this field are occurring in your own backyard. It is ironic that the U.S. should be fighting monstrously expensive wars in Iraq and Afghanistan, allegedly to bring democracy to those countries, when it itself can no longer claim to be called a democracy, when trillions, and I mean thousands of billions of dollars have been spent on projects about which both the Congress and the Commander in Chief have been kept deliberately in the dark.” ( source ) 
4. John C. Calhoun, The 7th Vice President of the United States 
“A power has risen up in the government greater than the people themselves, consisting of many, and various, and powerful interests, combined into one mass, and held together by the cohesive power of the vast surplus in the banks.” ( source ) 
5. Robin Cook, Former British Foreign Secretary 
“The truth is, there is no Islamic army or terrorist group called Al-Qaeda, and any informed intelligence officer knows this. But, there is a propaganda campaign to make the public believe in the presence of an intensified entity representing the ‘devil’ only in order to drive TV watchers to accept a unified international leadership for a war against terrorism. The country behind this propaganda is the United States.” ( source ) 
6. John F. Hylan, Mayor of New York City from 1918-1925 
“The real menace of our Republic is the invisible government, which like a giant octopus sprawls its slimy legs over our cities, states and nation . . . The little coterie of powerful international bankers virtually run the United States government for their own selfish purposes. They practically control both parties . . . [and] control the majority of the newspapers and magazines in this country. They use the columns of these papers to club into submission or drive out of office public officials who refuse to do the bidding of the powerful corrupt cliques which compose the invisible government. It operates under cover of a self-created screen [and] seizes our executive officers, legislative bodies, schools, courts, newspapers and every agency created for the public protection.” ( source )( source ) 
7. Senator Daniel K. Inouye, highest ranking Asian-American politician in United States history 
“There exists a shadowy government with its own Air Force, its own Navy, its own fundraising mechanism, and the ability to pursue its own ideas of the national interest, free from all checks and balances, and free from the law itself.” ( source ) 
8. David Steele, the second-highest ranking civilian in the U.S. Marine Corps Intelligence and a former CIA clandestine services officer 
“Most terrorists are false flag terrorists, or are created by our own security services. In the United States, every single terrorist incident we have had has been a false flag, or has been an informant pushed on by the FBI. In fact, we now have citizens taking out restraining orders against FBI informants that are trying to incite terrorism. We’ve become a lunatic asylum.” ( source ) 
9. Theodore Roosevelt. former President of the United States 
“Political parties exist to secure responsible government and to execute the will of the people. 
From these great tasks both of the old parties have turned aside. Instead of instruments to promote the general welfare, they have become the tools of corrupt interests which use them impartially to serve their selfish purposes. Behind the ostensible government sits enthroned an invisible government, owing no allegiance and acknowledging no responsibility to the people. 
To destroy this invisible government, to dissolve the unholy alliance between corrupt business and corrupt politics is the first task of the statesmanship of the day.” ( source ) 
10. Benjamin Disraeli, First British MP 
“The world is governed by very different personages to what is imagined by those who are not behind the scenes.” ( Coningsby, Book 4, Chap. 15 , Page 131) 
11. Senator William Jenner 
“Today the path to total dictatorship in the U.S. can be laid by strictly legal means … We have a well-organized political-action group in this country, determined to destroy our Constitution and establish a one-party state … It operates secretly, silently, continuously to transform our Government … This ruthless power-seeking elite is a disease of our century… This group … is answerable neither to the President, the Congress, nor the courts. It is practically irremovable.” ( source ) 
12. Woodrow Wilson, former President of the United States 
“Since I entered politics, I have chiefly had men’s views confided to me privately. Some of the biggest men in the United States, in the field of commerce and manufacture, are afraid of something. They know that there is a power somewhere so organized, so subtle, so watchful, so interlocked, so complete, so pervasive, that they better not speak above their breath when they speak in condemnation of it.” ( source ) 
13. Eric H. May, a former U.S. Army military intelligence and public affairs officer 
“The easiest way to carry out a false flag attack is by setting up a military exercise that simulates the very attack you want to carry out. As I’ll detail below, this is exactly how government perpetrators in the US and UK handled the 9/11 and 7/7 “terror” attacks, which were in reality government attacks blamed on ‘terrorists.’ ” ( source ) 
14. Professor Lance deHaven-Smith, Professor Emeritus of Public Administration and Policy, Florida State University 
“SCADs [which refers to State Crimes Against Democracy] involve high-level government officials, often in combination with private interests, that engage in covert activities for political advantages and power.” ( source )( source ) 
15. President John F. Kennedy 
“The very word ‘secrecy’ is repugnant in a free and open society; and we are as a people inherently and historically opposed to secret societies, to secret oaths and to secret proceedings. We decided long ago that the dangers of excessive and unwarranted concealment of pertinent facts far outweighed the dangers which are cited to justify it. Even today, there is little value in opposing the threat of a closed society by imitating its arbitrary restrictions. Even today, there is little value in insuring the survival of our nation if our traditions do not survive with it. And there is very grave danger that an announced need for increased security will be seized upon by those anxious to expand its meaning to the very limits of official censorship and concealment. That I do not intend to permit to the extent that it is in my control. . . . 
For we are opposed around the world by a monolithic and ruthless conspiracy that relies primarily on covert means for expanding its sphere of influence–on infiltration instead of invasion, on subversion instead of elections, on intimidation instead of free choice, on guerrillas by night instead of armies by day. It is a system which has conscripted vast human and material resources into the building of a tightly knit, highly efficient machine that combines military, diplomatic, intelligence, economic, scientific and political operations. 
Its preparations are concealed, not published. Its mistakes are buried, not headlined. Its dissenters are silenced, not praised. No expenditure is questioned, no rumor is printed, no secret is revealed.” ( source ) Share:",0
3985,Trump on the US-Mexico Border Wall: ’We’re Going to Start Building’ - Breitbart,"  Donald Trump says construction of the U. S.  border wall will begin immediately after he takes office Jan. 20. [“On the ‘fence’ —  it’s not a fence. It’s a wall. You just misreported it. We’re going to build a wall,” Trump said during a Wednesday press conference at Trump Tower in New York City.  “I could wait about a year and a half until we finish our negotiations with Mexico, which will start immediately after we get into office. But I don’t want to wait. Mike Pence is leading an effort to get final approvals through various agencies and through Congress for the wall to begin. ” “I don’t feel like waiting a year or year and a half. We’re going to start building,” Trump added. “Mexico, in some form, and there are many different forms, will reimburse us. And they will reimburse us for the cost of the wall,” he continued. “That will happen, whether it’s a tax or whether it’s a payment. Probably less likely that it’s a payment. But it will happen. ” “So remember this: I would say, ‘We’re going to build a wall.’ And people would go crazy. And then I would say, ‘Who’s going to pay for the wall?’ And people would all scream out —  25, 000, 30, 000 people ’cause nobody has ever had crowds like Trump has had, you know that. You don’t like to report that  …     But I said, ‘Who’s going to pay for that wall?’ And they will scream out: ‘Mexico,’” Trump said. “I want to get the wall started,” he said. “I don’t want to wait about a year and a half until I make my deal with Mexico. ” The government of Mexico is “terrific,” Trump said, adding he doesn’t “blame them for taking advantage of the United States. I wish our politicians were so smart. Mexico has taken advantage of the United States. ” Last April, Trump issued a memo explaining to Mexico he would tax remittances flowing out of the U. S. economy —  or the Mexican government could issue a   payment of up to $10 billion for the wall. “Mexico has taken advantage of us in another way as well: gangs, drug traffickers, and cartels have freely exploited our open borders and committed vast numbers of crimes inside the United States,” he wrote. “The United States has borne the extraordinary daily cost of this criminal activity, including the cost of trials and incarcerations. Not to mention the even greater human cost. ” “We have the moral high ground here and all the leverage,” Trump said. Mexicans send roughly $20 billion in remittances back to Mexico every year, according to the World Bank, much of it from the U. S. American taxpayers are also forced to pay for the welfare and schooling of millions of Mexican citizens and their children while enduring the costs of crime (gang activity, drug trafficking) and stagnant wages that unchecked immigration brings while this money is taken out of the U. S. economy every year. After Trump’s election, remittances from Mexicans soared to $2. 4 billion in a single month as immigrant workers and illegal aliens scrambled to send American cash back home. In December, Trump transition team officials also demanded Obama’s Department of Homeland Security report on “all assets available for border wall and barrier construction,” along with aerial surveillance, according to Reuters.",0
3986,Putin being FRAMED at UN for War Crimes in Syria Explained,"Putin being FRAMED at UN for War Crimes in Syria Explained 11/02/2016 In today’s video, Christopher Greene of AMTV explains why the UN is framing Vladimir Putin for War Crimes in Syria. 11/02/2016 PRESS TV Russia's military and NATO forces are holding parallel military exercises in two neighboring Balkan countrie ... S Korea coast guard opens fire on China boats 11/02/2016 PRESS TV South Korean coast guard vessels have opened fire on Chinese trawlers allegedly fishing illegally off South ... FBI Releases Clinton Foundation Investigation Records 11/02/2016 DAILY CALLER The FBI on Tuesday released documents related to a now-closed federal investigation of an alleged pay-to ... AMTV Archives",0
3987,Breaking/Exclusive: Comey Lied: FBI “Synced” Weiner Laptop Under Misused Terror Warrant – Updated,"By Gordon Duff, Senior Editor on October 30, 2016 Constitutional Crisis: FBI used prohibited FISA domestic terror warrant in Clinton-Weiner email search …by Gordon Duff, with Ian Greenhalgh , Editors – Veterans Today 
In a surprise announcement, the Department of Justice just admitted that there was no legal authorization in place to access email accounts of Hillary Clinton aide, Huma Abedin, estranged wife of accused sex offender former Congressman Anthony Weiner. 
The government admitted that no warrant had been requested and that discussions to seek a warrant had not yet begun, making the letter FBI Director James Comey wrote to Congress on Friday a potentially criminal act, if it can be proven that Comey was aware of this fact and of the actions of his subordinates in “planting” Clinton emails on Weiner’s laptop.[14] 
(CNN)Justice Department and FBI officials are working to secure approval that would allow the FBI to conduct a full search of top Hillary Clinton aide Huma Abedin’s newly discovered emails, sources familiar with the discussions told CNN. 
Government lawyers haven’t yet approached Abedin’s lawyers to seek an agreement to conduct the search. Sources earlier told CNN that those discussions had begun, but the law enforcement officials now say they have not.[14] 
FBI Director James Comey is under assault for what is being perceived as more than simply partisan behavior. Former presidential advisor, Lanny Davis writes for The Hill: 
“Comey as FBI director — an investigative agency, not a prosecution agency — (does not) have any authority to send a report to Congress in the middle of an investigation about the past or present subject of an investigation. He appears to be in violation of the limits on his authority as FBI director by disclosing investigation information — or possible investigation information — directly to Congress with obtaining permission from the attorney general or someone else delegated authority by her. His decision to reveal the results of an ongoing investigation, before a published criminal indictment, violates due process principles and pre-indictment secrecy rules and guidelines of the Justice Department.”[16] 
Through court challenges to FBI search tactics under FISA and other counter-terror legislation, accessing “cloud” based emails and either representing them as “found” in a warranted search of a hard drive or in “syncing” a computer to place emails on a drive under a warranted search, clear prohibitions have been established.[Addendum I] 
In this case, with no warrant in place at all, there are no possible interpretations of FBI actions that could be consistent with admissibility. 
In what has been seen by most a the long expected “October Surprise,” the highly controversial letter written by FBI Director James Comer, something more far reaching has developed, a constitutional crisis that may well exceed that of Watergate or even Iran/Contra. Like the Federal Reserve, the FBI itself lacks a clear constitutional authority. There is no mention of nor authorization given, in the constitution, for a national police force. In fact, the Constitution, in the 10th Amendment ratified in 1791 states: 
“The powers not delegated to the United States by the Constitution, nor prohibited by it to the States, are reserved to the States respectively, or to the people.”[12] More often than not, this has been ignored, a “stepchild” of the Bill of Rights. Here, however, the FBI, created initially as the “sex police”[11], created to enforce the Mann Act[13], has assumed not only “powers not granted” under the constitution, but has exponentially expanded its reach, well beyond constitutional limitations on rights of privacy and against unreasonable search and seizure, assailed by laws like the Patriot Acts.” 
Behind the current controversy, that of an FBI director being accused of interfering in an election and acting against policy, procedure and advice of the Attorney General, is something more. The FBI has crossed into the area of possible criminality, violating clear cut Federal Court restrictions, not only through an illegal search but by actually planting evidence and then channeling misleading information into the press with a clear intent to subvert constitutional authority. 
Another issue is the kind of language Comey has been using to mollify critics who have kept a flurry of investigations going and who have subjected him to hostile interrogation for endless hours in front of highly partisan committees. Colonel Jim Hanke (ret), former US attache to Israel and ranking NATO military intelligence planner commented on the nature of Comey’s assertions of Hillary’s classified emails: 
“Take the text of any of the emails we have seen. Anything here could have been said in a press conference or on a television interview and, in those formats, would not have been considered classified. There would have been fallout, for sure, not from disclosing policy or in endangering operations, real issues that get high level classification. Hillary’s emails, were they made public, and there was reason to expect this might well happen, are revealing and reflect on her personal judgement and, at times, demonstrate a lack of grasp, particularly when it comes to Russia or Syria. These are issues of public confidence, not criminality nor are they areas of real security classification. 
Conversely, what we have seen Comey do may well rise to the level of something serious, certainly he undermines the FBI and attacks the American system of government. As to what his intent was or to what laws apply, this is not my area of expertise but I would like to think that criminal code could deal with this kind of threat.” 
One additional consideration to put into the mix is Wikileaks. During recent weeks while Wikileaks has released two dozen batches of emails, the Clinton campaign has mirrored earlier charges made against Wikileaks by former National Security Advisor Zbigniew Brzezinsky, that Wikileaks “sexes up” and even fabricates documents that are, according to Brzezinsky, when speaking to Judy Woodruff of National Public Radio, “seeded” into a virtual deluge of material. 
The FBI used FISA (Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Act) powers when it downloaded and “synced” Clinton emails into former Congressman Anthony Weiner’s computers, according to legal experts.[1,4,6,7] The FBI knowingly violated the law in applying terror statutes when they illegally expanded their search into Weiner’s computers and downloaded emails from a 3rd party account. With only days before an election, the term “October Surprise” has never been more applicable. 
The question people are asking is; “Why did Director Comey choose to ignore legal advice and, more importantly, was he aware that he was upsetting an American presidential election based on a pattern of criminal-level misconduct by his own agency?” 
The FBI lied when it claimed the it found Clinton emails when it searched Anthony Weiner’s computer. Sources now tell VT that the FBI in fact “synced” the email account of Weiner’s estranged wife, Huma, downloading the emails “from the cloud” and falsely claiming they were discovered as part of a legal search warrant. However, there is no case law supporting the expansion of such warrants to spouses or others whose email accounts may be accessible through devices but were not stored on hard drives and not by any stretch of the imagination, legally accessed under any possible search warrant tied to Weiner’s sexual indiscretions. 
What did in fact happen here was planting of evidence, by the FBI, illegally accessing a “cloud based” email account not included in a search warrant and downloading to a hard drive that was included in a warrant. This is a common FBI/DHS practice used in terror investigations, making use of a single warrant to follow cloud accounts for multiple users. 
In an article in today’s Washington Post, the issue of how the FBI found emails that should not been on Weiner’s computer were brought to light. 
“Top Hillary Clinton aide Huma Abedin has told people she is unsure how her emails could have ended up on a device she viewed as her husband’s computer, the seizure of which has reignited the Clinton email investigation, according to a person familiar with the investigation and civil litigation over the matter. 
The person, who would not discuss the case unless granted anonymity, said Abedin was not a regular user of the computer, and even when she agreed to turn over emails to the State Department for federal records purposes, her lawyers did not search it for materials, not believing any of her messages to be there. 
That could be a significant oversight if Abedin’s work messages were indeed on the computer of her estranged husband, former congressman Anthony Weiner, who is under investigation for allegedly exchanging lewd messages with a 15-year-old girl. So far, it is unclear what — if any — new, work-related messages were found by authorities. The person said the FBI had not contacted Abedin about its latest discovery, and she was unsure what the bureau had discovered.”[8] 
There is no evidence, of yet, that Director Comey was aware the “evidence” he took to congress was illegally planted on Weiner’s computer but Comey was aware of the practice. Typically, the FBI search warrants used can give access to cloud based emails as outlined below by FBI Special Agent James M. Cauthen: 
“An alternative is for the investigator to search in the same manner as the user would—with the computer turned on and connected to the data. In this example, the investigator needs access to the subject’s computer with the relational database software and connection to the cloud. The investigator could consider combining two search warrants—one on the computer owner for the location being searched under Rule 41 and one on the cloud provider under §2703 for the content to which the computer is connected. 
With this approach, the investigator will need to understand how to operate database software and make queries. These queries must comply with the search warrant. The investigator must conduct the search carefully as actions taken on a live system will change the data on the computer. Using this method, it may be possible to obtain a single search warrant combining the provisions of Rule 41 and §2703; however, it should be noted that there is no case law yet on implementing this strategy.” [7] 
In light of the controversy over the handling of this issue by FBI Director Comey, an article in The New Yorker, dated October 28, 2016 cuts to the director’s state of mind. From that article: WASHINGTON ( The Borowitz Report )—James Comey, the embattled director of the Federal Bureau of Investigation, presided over a special ceremony on Friday evening to commend the brave F.B.I. agents who had to touch Anthony Weiner’s computer. In awarding the commendations to the agents, whom Comey called “the bravest men and women this country has to offer,” the F.B.I. director criticized the political uproar that he said had overshadowed “their selfless acts of heroism.” “These agents have performed far and beyond the call of duty,” a visibly angry Comey said. “I know we’re eleven days away from an election and tensions are running high, but we shouldn’t let that subtract in any way from what these brave agents did with their own hands.” “Who among us could look at ourselves in the mirror and say, ‘I have what it takes to touch Anthony Weiner’s computer ’?” Comey asked. “I know I sure as hell couldn’t.”[15] A common way to hide ones train in Washington is to wrap whatever the smell is “in a bloody flag” or to hand out medals for heroism. This is “deception 101” and Comey wasn’t in the least bit coy about using his agents, who may be steeped in ethical or even criminal complicity, in that same “bloody flag” theatrics. 
The Clinton/Weiner connection may well be an abuse of expanded counter-terrorism powers the FBI assumed during the Bush era. However, in 2008, these powers were curtailed by a Federal court decision. [Addendum I] From the New York Times, April 19, 2016: 
“WASHINGTON — A federal judge has rejected a legal challenge to rules permitting F.B.I. agents, when working on domestic criminal cases, to search emails written by Americans that the government has intercepted without a warrant in the name of gathering foreign intelligence. 
In an 80-page opinion that was issued in November and remained classified until being made public on Tuesday, Judge Thomas F. Hogan, the chief judge of the Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Court, ruled that what critics call “backdoor searches” of messages by the F.B.I. comply with both the Constitution and the FISA Amendments Act. That 2008 statute legalized a form of the government’s once-secret warrantless surveillance program.”[9] 
There has been considerable controversy involving the FBI’s illegal expansion of search warrants in criminal cases. With the expanded powers under the Bush administration’s Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Act, covering the use of broad “single warrant” powers in domestic terrorism cases, the FBI has on numerous occasions misused FISA powers in criminal investigations. 
This has been brought before the Federal Courts in 2008 [Addendum I] and the FBI should well consider itself forewarned not to attempt to apply questionable expanded powers under FISA legislation intended to apply to terror threats. That FISA was applied here, knowing a court challenge would take far too long to correct the damage, in this case a “rigged” presidential election, as claimed by Clinton campaign advisor, John Podesta. References: 
[1] Elena Kagan: Supreme Court Hasn’t “Gotten to” Email , CBS News, August 21, 2013. 
[2] Josiah Dykstra, “Seizing Electronic Evidence from Cloud Computing Environments,” in Cybercrime and Cloud Forensics: Applications for Investigation Processes , ed. K. Ruan (Hershey, PA: IGI Global, 2013). 
[3] Tony Sammes and Brian Jenkinson, Forensic Computing: A Practitioner’s Guide , (London, UK: Springer-Verlag, 2000). Forensics was developed on the idea of copying data from a hard disk drive that was turned off or dead. Live recovery involves changes to the contents of a computer’s storage space, 18 U.S.C. §2510(15). Therefore, it is essential that someone competent to give testimony performs it, showing that the continuity and integrity of the evidence has been preserved. 
[4] U.S. Department of Justice, Computer Crime and Intellectual Property Section, Criminal Division, Searching and Seizing Computers and Obtaining Electronic Evidence in Criminal Investigations 3d ed., (Washington, D.C.: Office of Legal Education, Executive Office for United States Attorneys, 2009), 84. Although the courts have not directly addressed the matter, the language of Rule 41 combined with the Supreme Court’s interpretation of “property” may limit computer searches to data that physically resides in the district in which the warrant was issued. 
[5] For legal purposes, there are two classes of cloud providers: those who provide “electronic communication services,” and those who provide “remote computing service.” See 18 U.S.C. §2510(15) and 18 U.S.C. §2711(2) respectively. 
[6] United States v. Gorshkov , 2001 WL 1024026 (May 23, 2001). In this case, the defendants moved to suppress the evidence, but the motion was denied. Nonetheless, the investigator was charged with hacking by foreign authorities who requested that the investigator be extradited for trial. U.S. authorities have not complied.",0
3988,Street Artist Mocks Kim Jong-Un with ’Trump North Korean BBQ’ Posters (Photos),"Los   street artist provocateur Sabo is back again, this time to skewer North Korean leader Kim   with a series of mock posters promoting a fictional line of “Trump’s North Korean BBQ. ”[The mock posters  —   which have popped up around the Koreatown neighborhood of Los Angeles  —   feature the North Korean dictator’s head superimposed onto a roasted pig’s body, and with an apple placed in his mouth. Alongside the image is an insert of a smiling Trump.  The taglines for the mock  include “The finest in ” “The world’s greatest really,” and “Cooked up by five star chef James Mattis. ”  A telephone number displayed on one of the billboards apparently connects to an art gallery in Beverly Hills. The posters’ appearance in Los Angeles comes as hostilities between the United States and North Korea have hit renewed heights in recent weeks. NBC News reported that the National Security Council presented military options to President Trump  —   including the possible assassination  of the North Korean dictator  —   to deal with the country’s increasingly defiant nuclear program ahead of Trump’s meeting with Chinese President Xi Jinping last week.  Sabo has previously featured images of Trump in his street art. In November, just after Trump’s victory in the presidential election, the street artist peppered Los   bus benches with fake  for Sotheby’s real estate sales, in a campaign lampooning numerous celebrities’ pledges to move out of the country if Trump were elected. Most recently, the artist trolled the Academy Awards by erecting posters outside the Dolby Theater in Hollywood that blasted the film industry’s “unwatchable movies. ” Sabo has also skewered Hillary Clinton, at one time placing an image of the former Democratic presidential candidate inside a washing machine as part of a “money laundering” series, alongside an image of actor Leonardo DiCaprio.   Follow Daniel Nussbaum on Twitter: @dznussbaum",0
3989,Re: Get Ready For Civil Unrest: Survey Finds That Most Americans Are Concerned About Election Violence,"Print 
Could we see violence no matter who wins on November 8th? Let’s hope that it doesn’t happen, but as you will see below, anti-Trump violence is already sweeping the nation. If Trump were to actually win the election, that would likely send the radical left into a violent post-election temper tantrum unlike anything that we have ever seen before. Alternatively, there is a tremendous amount of concern on the right that this election could be stolen by Hillary Clinton. And as I showed yesterday, it appears that voting machines in Texas are already switching votes from Donald Trump to Hillary Clinton . If Hillary Clinton wins this election under suspicious circumstances, that also may be enough to set off widespread civil unrest all across the country. 
At this moment there is less than two weeks to go until November 8th, and a brand new survey has found that a majority of Americans are concerned “about the possibility of violence” on election day… 
A 51% majority of likely voters express at least some concern about the possibility of violence on Election Day; one in five are “very concerned.” Three of four say they have confidence that the United States will have the peaceful transfer of power that has marked American democracy for more than 200 years, but just 40% say they are “very confident” about that. 
More than four in 10 of Trump supporters say they won’t recognize the legitimacy of Clinton as president, if she prevails, because they say she wouldn’t have won fair and square. 
But many on the left are not waiting until after the election to commit acts of violence. On Wednesday, Donald Trump’s star on the Walk of Fame was smashed into pieces by a man with a sledgehammer and a pick-ax… 
Donald Trump took a lot of hits today, and not just in the Presidential race. With less than two weeks to go before America decides if the ex- Apprentice host will pull off a surprise victory over Hillary Clinton, Trump’s star on the Hollywood Walk of Fame was destroyed early Wednesday morning by a man dressed as a city construction worker and wielding a sledgehammer and pick-ax in what looks to be a Tinseltown first. 
And there were two other instances earlier this year when Donald Trump’s star was also vandalized. One came in January, and the other happened in June … 
This is of course not the first time the GOP candidate’s star has been attacked or defaced since Trump announced his White House bid in summer 2015. The most extreme measure was a reverse swastika being sprayed on the star at 6801 Hollywood Blvd in late January. In June this summer, a mute sign was painted on Trump’s star in a seemingly protest against the antagonistic language and policies some have accused Trump of promoting and reveling in during the campaign. In both cases, Trump’s star was quickly cleaned and back as new within a day. 
We have seen anti-Trump violence on the east coast as well. Earlier this month, someone decided to firebomb the Republican Party headquarters in Orange County, North Carolina. On the building next to the headquarters, someone spray-painted “Nazi Republicans get out of town or else” along with a swastika. 
There have also been other disturbing incidents of anti-Trump violence all over the nation in recent days. A recent Lifezette article put together quite a long list, and the following is just a short excerpt from that piece… 
On Oct. 15 in Bangor, Maine, vandals spray-painted about 20 parked cars outside a Trump rally. Trump supporter Paul Foster, whose van was hit with white paint, told reporters, “Why can’t they do a peaceful protest instead of painting cars, all of this, to make their statement?” 
Around Oct. 3, a couple of Trump supporters were assaulted in Zeitgeist, a San Francisco bar, after they were allegedly refused service for expressing support for Trump, GotNews reports. “The two Trump supporters were attacked, punched, and chased into the street by ‘some thugs’ that a barmaid called out from the back.” Lilian Kim of ABC 7 Bay Area tweeted a photo of the men, in which one was wearing a Trump T-shirt and the other was wearing a “Blue Lives Matter” shirt. 
On Sept. 28 in El Cajon, California, an angry mob at a Black Lives Matter protest beat 21-year-old Trump supporter Feras Jabro for wearing a “Make America Great Again” baseball cap. The assault was broadcast live using the smartphone app Periscope. 
There is a move to get Trump supporters to wear red on election day, but in many parts of America that might just turn his supporters into easy targets. Let’s certainly hope that we don’t see the kind of violent confrontations at voting locations that many experts are anticipating. 
Of course there are also many on the right that are fighting mad, and a Hillary Clinton victory under suspicious circumstances may be enough to push them over the edge. 
For example, this week former Congressman Joe Walsh said that he is “grabbing my musket” if Donald Trump loses the election… 
Former Rep. Joe Walsh appeared to call for armed revolution Wednesday if Donald Trump is not elected president. 
Walsh, a former tea party congressman from Illinois who is now a conservative talk radio host, tweeted, “On November 8th, I’m voting for Trump. On November 9th, if Trump loses, I’m grabbing my musket. You in?” 
And without a doubt, many ordinary Americans are stocking up on guns and ammunition just in case Hillary Clinton is victorious. The following comes from USA Today … 
“Since the polls are starting to shift quite a bit towards Hillary Clinton, I’ve been buying a lot more ammunition,” says Rick Darling, 69, an engineer from Harrison Township, in Michigan’s Detroit suburbs. In a follow-up phone interview after being surveyed, the Trump supporter said he fears progressives will want to “declare martial law and take our guns away” after the election. 
Today America is more divided than I have ever seen it before, and the mainstream media is constantly fueling the hatred and the anger that various groups feel toward one another. 
Ironically, Donald Trump has been working very hard to bring America together. In fact, he is solidly on track to win a higher percentage of the black vote than any Republican presidential candidate since 1960 . 
If Hillary Clinton and the Democrats win on November 8th, things will not go well for Hillary Clinton’s political enemies. The Clintons used the power of the White House to go after their enemies the first time around, and Hillary is even more angry and more bitter now than she was back then. 
And the radical left is very clear about who their enemies are. This is something that I discussed on national television earlier this month … 
As I write this, it is difficult for me to even imagine how horrible a Hillary Clinton presidency would be. 
But at this point that appears to be the most likely outcome . 
Out of all the candidates that we could have chosen, the American people are about to put the most evil one by far into the White House. 
Perhaps Donald Trump can still pull off a miracle and we can avoid that fate, but time is rapidly slipping away and November 8th will be here before we know it. 
Take a look at the future of America: The Beginning of the End and then prepare shares",0
3990,"As a House Burns, Tenants’ Lives Flash Before Them - The New York Times","NIGHT OF FIREBy Colin Thubron361 pp.   Publishers. $26. 99. The first oddity lies in the precise accuracy of the title. Those three words convey no coy metaphor for passion or anger, no euphemistic allusion to military bombardment. Colin Thubron’s “Night of Fire” is literally about a house that burns down at night, killing all its inhabitants. Lest you think I am a killjoy for giving away the plot, let me assure you that plot is the least of what this book has to offer. Structurally, it’s unlike any other novel I’ve read. It starts over at every chapter with a new character, and yet the fates of the seven central characters are so intimately linked that the story feels cumulative. The resemblance of each chapter to the next  —   intense memories, followed by death  —   should feel repetitious, but it doesn’t. Instead, the sensation is rather like reading a long, dirgelike poem in which the refrain comes back again and again. We do not exactly welcome these expected deaths, but we somehow become used to them. Time and place remain vague. An opening assertion that the rickety old house was built “years ago, at the end of the Victorian century,” along with a   reference to Bakelite sockets and dustbins and common English shrubs, combines with other details in the lives of the individual characters to put the location somewhere in Britain and the period somewhere near ours. There are no mentions of cellphones or internet searches or other   markers, and some of the tenants’ memories hark back to midcentury childhoods. On the other hand, the science of neurosurgery is being practiced in its modern form here, so we can’t be too much farther back than the last few years of the 20th century. The story itself is not exactly a timeless fable (as in, say, Hanya Yanagihara’s “A Little Life,” where 30 or 40 years pass without external, historical changes) but it nonetheless refuses to be pinned down to a particular night of fire in a particular place. This hankering after a generalized condition comes to make more and more sense as the chapters progress. At first, we think we are simply being introduced to each victim in turn: the landlord who lives at the top of the house, the priest who lives on the ground floor, the neurosurgeon who lives just above him, the photographer who occupies the basement. But by the time we get to the photographer, things have begun to seem less distinct. All of these people have a dead mother, usually one who died when the character was still young. What are the chances of that in the general population? Other elements, too, begin to recur: fondly recalled girlfriends with eyes that slant upward at the sides brain tumors whose excision leaves memory gaps a boy who hangs himself a beloved black woman a lesbian professor of biology. The memory pool, initially sharp and distinct for each character, starts to blur together. Still, we never stop believing in each as a separate individual. The strength of Thubron’s method is that it allows for strongly established characters, with their own histories and quirks, even as it enacts a discernible process of authorial repetition. Always beginning in the   voice, each chapter at some point moves into the first person, almost without our noticing the shift  —   until, just before the character’s death, the perspective moves back to the third person again. In no case, though, is anyone truly seen from the outside. We do not experience the moments after each victim’s death, nor do we learn anything about these people that they could not have told us themselves. As we come to see, these seven people have more in common than their separate professions or chapter titles would suggest. Aside from the landlord’s sick wife, who makes a brief appearance at the end, only one of the central characters, labeled “Naturalist,” is a woman. Yet she’s just as convincing in her reality, just as persuasive in her perspective, as the male characters who borrow their author’s gender (and presumably some of his memories). Moreover, because she shares so many other things with her fellow fire victims  —   the early loss of a mother, the ability to focus on visual detail, the obsession with youthful memories, a certain withdrawal from the general adult routine of getting and spending  —   the difference in sex comes to seem unimportant. These victims of the fire are all “isolatos,” to use Herman Melville’s term: They are at odds with the larger society and its patterns. That is how they’ve ended up as single renters in this decrepit, unsafe house. And while their life stories are not all equally compelling  —   I was gripped by the neurosurgeon’s taut moral dilemmas, somewhat bored by the priest’s more meandering ones  —   each is essential to the group portrait. We start to notice the strange overlaps about halfway through the novel, but it is only when we get to the “Traveller” chapter, just before the final one, that we are offered a rationale for them. In the course of journeying through India, this character, a retired, divorced schoolteacher, undergoes a transformative spiritual experience rather like the revelation that descends on the central English figure in E. M. Forster’s “A Passage to India,” or for that matter, in Geoff Dyer’s “Jeff in Venice, Death in Varanasi. ” Thubron’s traveler, when exposed firsthand to the religious practices of the subcontinent, begins to grasp, if only tentatively, the possibility of his unity with everyone and everything else. “If there is no God, what survives death?” he asks a Buddhist monk with whom he is conversing in Sarnath. “’u200a‘Something inherited,’ the monk answered. ‘Something waiting to be perfected.’ His hands unfurled from his chest. ‘But the previous life cannot be found again.’ “’u200a‘It has no memory . ’u2008. ’u2008.’ “’u200a‘’u2009If it has memory, it does not know it. Sometimes a person is reminded after many years, maybe prompted by chance. There are stories . ’u2008. ’u2008. ’’u200a” In his closing remarks to the Englishman, the monk, patting his arm “in encouragement,” observes that from the path of meditation one can never return to a singleness of self: “You’d lose too much! Ha, ha! You’d die back into suffering. We say that life is a burning house. ” This is not so much a clue to the book’s meaning or even its method as it is a life vest thrown to floundering readers. We are not being offered answers here. Instead, we are being soothed with recurring themes and motifs, in the manner of a musical composition. And what are those themes? Among others, the idea that death is the end of the individual but perhaps not the end of everything. The dissolved, burned bodies in the fiery house will become part of the elements that make up the universe, just as the ceremonially burned bodies in the Ganges, as witnessed by the traveling Englishman, become part of the river itself. And the memories that fleetingly pass through each mind in its final moments are both individual and shared, forming a common thread that may not even exist (“It has no memory”) or may exist only on an inaccessible level (“If it has memory, it does not know it”). This is not consolation as we normally know or seek it  —   “Night of Fire” is a coldly contemplative book rather than a comforting one  —   but it is an interesting idea for fiction, which normally depends so heavily on the notion of individual consciousness. Perhaps only Christopher Isherwood, in “A Single Man,” has attempted anything quite like this, and he did it with just a single character, not a multitude of them. I can’t be sure, after a first reading, that I wholeheartedly like Colin Thubron’s novel. But I am absolutely certain that I admire it.",0
3991,Bangalore car driver drives 200 km in search of U-turn to reach home,"Bangalore car driver drives 200 km in search of U-turn to reach home Posted on Tweet 
In another bizarre tale of Bangalore’s ever increasing traffic woes, more than hundred car drivers reportedly reached Mysore while searching for a u-turn to reach home. The drivers had started from their offices on outer ring road and had to take a u-turn to reach their homes on the other side of the road but the Bangalore Traffic police made some unexpected changes due to which the car drivers kept on driving, finally finding a u-turn near Mysore. 
“U-turns and one ways! At one point, I even asked a few passersby to help me lift the car and place it on the other side of the road. But some of them rushed and sat inside my car as they had been waiting to cross the road for the last 6 days and finally saw some hope,” said a frustrated driver after reaching Mysore. “I could see my home on the right side 5 minutes after starting from office, but then I never found a u-turn. When I did find one, the Google maps lady asked me to keep going straight and I missed it!” he further lamented. 
Even Google Maps isn’t able to understand the sudden changes by Bangalore traffic police. “Our users have been banging their cars into dividers. When our map says take a u-turn, there never is one. That’s the magic of Bangalore Traffic police,” said a developer working on Google maps. 
Meanwhile, Bangalore Traffic police has termed this as “suspense driving”, in which the driver is always alert. “U-turns should be a suspense and we are going to make this game even more interesting,” said a policeman. 
(Reported by Citizen Satirist Manish Paul . He blogs here )",0
3992,Mississippi Ends Inquiry Into 1964 Killing of 3 Civil Rights Workers - The New York Times,"The investigation into the 1964 murders of three civil rights volunteers by a group of Klansmen, an inquiry that became known as the “Mississippi Burning” case, has come to a close, the Mississippi attorney general announced Monday. The murders of Michael Schwerner, James Chaney and Andrew Goodman, committed on a remote Mississippi road 52 years ago on Tuesday, prompted an intense federal investigation. That investigation, plus a   in more recent years, led to eight trial convictions and one guilty plea over five decades. One of the masterminds of the murders, a Klansman named Edgar Ray Killen, was convicted by state prosecutors in 2005. “I am convinced that during the last 52 years, investigators have done everything possible under the law to find those responsible and hold them accountable,” said Jim Hood, the state attorney general, at a news conference. “However, we have determined that there is no likelihood of any additional convictions. Absent any new information presented to the F. B. I. or my office, this case will be closed. ” The most recent round of investigations  —   the third push by federal agents since 1964  —   began after the passage of the Emmett Till Unsolved Civil Rights Crime Act in 2008, which set up an office within the United States Justice Department to investigate unsolved murders from the civil rights era. “The department’s focus during this third investigation,” said Vanita Gupta, head of the Justice Department’s Civil Rights Division, “homed in on determining whether sufficient admissible evidence existed to support further state prosecution against any surviving person for involvement in the murders. ” A   report released by the Justice Department on Monday, which described the history of the case and recent investigative efforts, included the names of five people believed to have been involved in the killings who were still alive in 2010 when federal agents began   the case. Mr. Killen is serving a   sentence for the killings two others died shortly after the investigation began. The report describes two other men as “still potentially culpable for state offenses related to the murders. ” Neither is believed to have been at the scene, but are thought by authorities to have been involved in the conspiracy. Agents interviewed or attempted to interview old sources and tracked down new ones, including Klansmen who had been active in the 1960s, relatives of those involved, jailhouse confidants and Mr. Killen himself. But the deaths of so many original witnesses and sources, the inadmissibility in court of key testimony, the faulty memories of elderly men and an enduring reluctance among some to speak to the authorities made the likelihood of successful prosecutions remote. “Obviously, the willingness of surviving witnesses to cooperate fully rather than minimizing their knowledge with false denials or feigned memory problems is a factor to consider,” the report read. Still, it concluded that the deaths of the three young men “have been thoroughly and aggressively investigated and reinvestigated and have thus received some measure of vindication. ”",0
3993,"US spy chief gives false intel on Syria to Obama, Clinton: Analyst","Interviews James Clapper, Director of US National Intelligence Agency, speaks at the Council of Foreign Relations in New York City on October 25, 2016. (AFP photo) 
James Clapper, the US director of national intelligence, has warned that the establishment of a no-fly zone in Syria could prompt Russia to shoot down US planes. This comes as Hillary Clinton, the Democratic nominee for the 2016 US presidential election, has called for establishing a no-fly zone in the Arab country. Russia has recently deployed mobile S-400 and S-300 missile batteries to western Syria, which are ready to shoot down cruise missiles and aircraft. 
Gordon Duff, a senior editor with the Veterans Today, told Press TV that James Clapper who spoke out against former secretary of state’s emphasis on a no-fly zone over Syria is responsible, because the American officials obtain their intelligence on the Syrian conflict from the spy chief. 
“The public position of the United States vis-à-vis Syria was established based on intelligence supplied exclusively by James Clapper,” Duff noted, adding, “He (Clapper) is the one that talks about the gas, he’s the one who talks about the barrel bombs, [and] everything that’s been disproven.” 
He said, “Every crazy scheme that the US comes up with to blame Syria for killing its own people or the Russians for slaughtering people in hospitals, it all comes from James Clapper, the director of the National Intelligence Agency, who fed that information to Secretary Clinton, who fed that information to President [Barack] Obama.” 
“Clinton said that she favored a no-fly zone only if acceptable for both Russia and Damascus and after negotiations,” which is a very different story than the one said by the spy chief for political purposes, Duff said. 
Duff added that the imposition of “no-fly zone obviously is going to help no one but al-Nusra [Front] and ISIS (Daesh)” terrorists. 
Damascus and Moscow carry out airstrikes against terrorist groups who wreak havoc in the Arab country, but the US and its allies push for imposing a no-fly zone on Syria to pursue their agenda in the war-ridden state. 
Since March 2011, Syria has been gripped with foreign-backed militancy, which has left hundreds of thousands of people dead or wounded and millions of others homeless. Loading ...",0
3994,Pope Francis Tells EU Leaders: Populism Is ’Egotism’,"Solidarity is “the most effective antidote to modern forms of populism,” Pope Francis told European Union leaders Friday, in a politically charged speech denouncing nationalism as a modern form of selfishness. [In his address to more than 20 European heads of state assembled in Rome for the celebration of the 60th anniversary of the signing of the Treaty of Rome that marked the beginning of the European Economic Community (EEC) the Pope advocated a stronger, consolidated Europe against the rising tide of populist movements.  The pontiff contrasted solidarity, which draw us “closer to our neighbors,” with populism, which is “the fruit of an egotism that hems people in and prevents them from overcoming and ‘looking beyond’ their own narrow vision. ” As a number of European countries prepare for important national elections pitting   leaders against mostly established,   parties, the Pope took an unusually overt stand in favor of a Eurocentric vision of the future of the region. “There is a need to start thinking once again as Europeans,” Francis said, “so as to avert the opposite dangers of a dreary uniformity or the triumph of particularisms. ” “Politics needs this kind of leadership, which avoids appealing to emotions to gain consent, but instead, in a spirit of solidarity and subsidiarity, devises policies that can make the Union as a whole develop harmoniously,” he added. This union will only be lasting and successful if the common will of Europe “proves more powerful than the will of individual nations,” Francis said, quoting the Prime Minister of Luxembourg. France will hold its first round of elections on April 23, followed by a second round on May 7. The latest polls show the Socialist candidate Emmanuel Macron just one percentage point behind the Eurosceptic   Marine   who presently stands to win 25 percent of the first round of voting. Meanwhile in its federal election slated for next September 24, Germany’s chancellor Angela Merkel of the   Christian Democratic Union (CDU) will face off against Martin Schulz of the Social Democratic party, as well as the small but growing Alternative für Deutschland (AfD) party. Merkel’s CDU is part of a strong coalition that includes the Christian Social Union (CSU) as well as the Social Democratic Party of Germany (SPD). Despite Merkel’s ebbing popularity, she is still the current favorite for the fall elections. In Italy, although a date for the next general elections has not yet been set, a new survey this week put the Eurosceptic   Movement at 32. 3 percent of the vote, five and a half points ahead of the ruling   Democratic Party (PD). The poll also put found that the right wing populist Northern League party would currently take 12. 8 percent of the vote, ahead of former Prime Minister Silvio Berlusconi’s Forza Italia at 12. 7 percent. In his address Friday, Pope Francis described Europe as strongest when it “refuses to yield to fear or close herself off in false forms of security,” asserting that “her history has been greatly determined by encounters with other peoples and cultures. ” Europe’s history, he insisted, “is, and always has been, a dynamic and multicultural identity. ” While recognizing that “one frequently has the sense that there is a growing ‘split’ between the citizenry and the European institutions, which are often perceived as distant and inattentive to the different sensibilities present in the Union,” Francis nonetheless continued to advocate for a strong European Union over a shift toward greater decision making at the national level. “Today the European Union needs to recover the sense of being primarily a ‘community’ of persons and peoples, to realize that ‘the whole is greater than the part, but it is also greater than the sum of its parts,’” he said. Follow Thomas D. Williams on Twitter Follow @tdwilliamsrome",0
3995,"‘Chairman Cash’ – John Podesta is Paid $7,000 a Month by Foundation Run by Banker With Ties to Financial Crisis","‘Chairman Cash’ – John Podesta is Paid $7,000 a Month by Foundation Run by Banker With Ties to Financial Crisis Posted on Home » Headlines » World News » ‘Chairman Cash’ – John Podesta is Paid $7,000 a Month by Foundation Run by Banker With Ties to Financial Crisis 
“Chairman cash.” A new meme has just been born… 

Submitted by Michael Krieger : 
Last Friday, I published a post titled, John Podesta’s Sister-in-Law Lobbied For Raytheon While Hillary Was Secretary of State , which understandably got totally buried in the madness surrounding the latest FBI news. Here’s the first paragraph of that post: 
The Podesta family seems particularly adept at earning extraordinary sums of money via selling out the American public. Earlier this year, I highlighted how John Podesta’s brother Tony was paid $140,000 per month by the medieval monarchy of Saudi Arabia. After all, who cares about women’s rights when the pay is good? 
Indeed, it’s not just relatives of Podesta who know how to rake in the cash. John is no slouch either, as Politico explained in an article published earlier today. 
Here are a few excerpts: 
Hillary Clinton’s campaign chairman, John Podesta, last year signed a $7,000-a-month contract with the foundation of a major Clinton donor who made a fortune selling a type of mortgage that some critics say contributed to the housing collapse, hacked emails show. 
In February of last year, as Podesta was working to lay the groundwork for Clinton’s soon-to-launch campaign for the Democratic presidential nomination, he signed the contract with the Sandler Foundation, which was started by Herb Sandler and his late wife Marion Sandler. 
The contract — a copy of which was included in emails illegally obtained from Podesta’s Gmail account and disseminated Monday by WikiLeaks — is still active, according to Herb Sandler, who said that it calls for Podesta to provide advice on grant-making and other foundation functions. 
It’s unusual for the full-time chairman of a general-election presidential campaign to maintain an active side deal with a major donor to that campaign — let alone to raise money from that donor for the campaign. 
The WikiLeaks cache shows that Podesta provided Sandler with philanthropic advice and assortments of cheeses and pastas as gifts on the holidays, while Sandler offered all manner of political observations and once tried to get Podesta to arrange for former President Bill Clinton to write a blurb for a book written by one of Sandler’s friends. 
Lobster risotto? 
But Sandler brushed aside any concerns about potential conflicts of interest. 
“I have never asked for anything of any political person — zero requests ever,” Sandler said. “If they’re responsive, it’s because they regard me as thoughtful, and a major contributor to Democratic causes,” Sandler said, adding that Podesta “knows that he doesn’t get bullshit from me. He knows I have no hidden agenda. He knows that my values are similar to his and that we care about people and not the billionaires, even though I ended up by some crazy thing to be one.” 
Neither Podesta nor the Clinton campaign responded to questions about the contract. 
Herb Sandler’s Clinton-related giving picked up last December after a visit from Podesta. 
The campaign’s finance director Dennis Cheng responded “Great!!,” calling Podesta “#ChairmanCash.” 
“Chairman cash.” A new meme has just been born. 
The very next day, Sandler gave $1.5 million to Priorities USA Action, to which he has now given a total of $3 million, FEC records show. 
The family’s fortune comes from the savings and loan institution that Herb and Marion Sandler ran for decades, a bank that became World Savings. It would end up making boatloads of cash from a type of adjustable rate mortgage that other lenders would later adopt, securitize and sell in a way that some have blamed for contributing to the housing bubble that burst in 2008. Not long before the burst and subsequent recession, the Sandlers sold the bank for $25.5 billion to Wachovia, earning $2.6 billion off the sale and donating most of their net worth to their foundation. Wachovia was later acquired by Wells Fargo. 
The Sandlers met Podesta when they helped seed the Center for American Progress, the think tank he started in 2003 as a sort of Democratic administration in exile during George W. Bush’s presidency. Tax filings show that the Sandler Foundation has donated more than $37 million over the years to CAP, which worked to support President Barack Obama’s administration but has always been seen as more aligned with Clinton. 
Center for American Progress…where have we heard that before? Oh yeah, in last week’s post, Dennis Kucinich’s Extraordinary Warning on D.C.’s Think Tank Warmongers , we learned: 
The self-identified liberal Center for American Progress (CAP) is now calling for Syria to be bombed, and estimates America’s current military adventures will be tidied up by 2025, a tardy twist on “mission accomplished.” CAP, according to a report in The Nation, has received funding from war contractors Lockheed Martin and Boeing, who make the bombers that CAP wants to rain hellfire on Syria. 
Remember peasants, war is ok if “liberals” do it. Now back to Politico … 
The WikiLeaks emails reveal that Podesta and his team at the Center for American Progress discussed how to push back on scrutiny of the Sandlers related to the 2008 housing collapse. That included an October 2008 “Saturday Night Live” sketch in which an actor playing Herb Sandler thanked members of Congress “for helping block congressional oversight of our corrupt activity.” 
Podesta wrote to his colleagues that he’d talked to Herb Sandler, and “they are obviosly [sic] upset. Weird that snl should pick them out.” 
After doing some research, a subordinate replied that “it appears default rates on their stuff was high (herb says not more so than others) and the losses were key to almsot wachovia failure — athough herb emphasizes that they were only one of the institutions problems.” 
Sandler told POLITICO that any suggestion that his bank’s products contributed to the collapse were “a bunch of bullshit,” pointing out that their bank used a risk-averse approach to their loans, which had among the lowest default rate in the industry. 
But Scott Walter, president of Capital Research Center, a conservative nonprofit that monitors the giving of major liberal donors including Sandler, argued that Podesta’s newly revealed contractual relationship with Sandler stood in stark contrast to Clinton’s efforts to cast herself as tough on the financial industry. 
“This is another instance where the Clinton campaign has been revealed to have surprising links to some of the most dubious parts of the finance industry,” Walter said. 
The Sandlers’ philanthropy increasingly has focused on fighting financial inequality and the role of big money in politics — a subject about which Herb Sandler and Podesta emailed frequently, according to WikiLeaks. 
Interesting considering he is big money in politics, and seems to have no problem endlessly cheerleading the chosen candidate of America’s oligarchs. 
Sandler explained to POLITICO that during the process of working to launch the center, he realized “we had been picking his brain ad nauseum” for years without paying Podesta as a consultant — a scenario Sandler called “very unfair.” That led to the consulting contract, which Sandler cast as “a ripoff” for Podesta. “I’d pay a lot more for that advice,” Sandler said, calling Podesta “one the most intelligent, decent, thoughtful human beings I’d ever met.” 
In March, as Clinton’s Democratic primary campaign against Bernie Sanders grew increasingly bitter, Sandler emailed Podesta just to check up. 
“How are you?” Sandler wrote. “MIss you.” 
Call me crazy, but if he was really so focused on solving income inequality why wasn’t he supporting Bernie Sanders? 
But hey.",0
3996,Muckraking Marines Cards and Cannabis with Sheree Geo : Truth Frequency Radio,"Muckraking Marines Cards and Cannabis with Sheree Geo >> EPISODE #30 AIRED: 11-10-2016 
2 Marines walk into a bar. They go into the ladies room, no one blinks an eye. Happy 241st Marines! Your two favorite lady leathernecks, Luckee and Star, celebrate the Marine Corps Birthday. We discuss the real news of today and exhort everyone to stay on top of the elites, make sure that just because the election is over, our job is not. Some pretty dark and ugly things that the power brokers of D.C. have come to light and we have proof of it. We will continue reporting on that as evidence comes in. Sen. Nancy Shaefer exposed abuse and was later murdered. Cynthia McKinney grill Rumsfeld on awarding huge contracts to those who engage in child sex slave rings, and she didn’t get reelected. Those who expose this are tamped down, and those who engage in it are rewarded. It is high time we do more than just vote. We must act. It stops now. We also talked about Cannabis and how it has passed in states. In the 2nd hour Sheree Geo weighs in on the events of today. Sheree gave us an overview on the what the cards and charts read for the state of our country. She gives us a message of what is going on and what we all as individuals need to do to ensure a better outcome. We talked of the election of Trump and what that means in geopolitics. We also talked about what that means for U.S. Israeli relations and what THAT means for those in Gaza and the Middle East. ",0
3997,CPAC Straw Poll Finds Overwhelming Support for Donald Trump - Breitbart,"A straw poll conducted by The Washington Times at the Conservative Political Action Conference (CPAC) found overwhelming support for Donald Trump and his administration’s agenda amongst attendees. [The poll found that 86 percent of respondents “strongly or somewhat approve” of the job that Donald Trump is doing, compared to just 12 percent who somewhat or strongly disapprove of his work so far. Two percent said they were unsure.   When asked which issue was the most important to them, 46 percent of respondents pointed to the economy  —   encompassing jobs, taxes, and government spending  —   as the most important issue.  Meanwhile, 29 percent said that issues of national security and fighting radical Islam remained their number one issue, while 13 percent said that changing social attitudes on issues such as abortion, protecting the family, and religious freedom are their personal priority.  However, just 44 percent of respondents said that the country is now going in the right direction, while 47 per cent believe it remains on the wrong track.  A total of 1, 447 CPAC attendees participated in the poll, all of whom are likely to have conservative leanings due to the nature of the conference. The poll was completed both by hand and via email.  You can follow Ben Kew on Facebook, on Twitter at @ben_kew, or email him at bkew@breitbart. com",0
3998,6 Natural Herbs To Prevent Mental Disorders,"6 Natural Herbs To Prevent Mental Disorders Antioxidants are found to play an important part in this regard. Herbs having antioxidant properties cancel the effects of oxidative compounds that are already present in the body. Since our body is incapable of producing antioxidants that can cancel the effects of all the oxidative free radicals, these have to be taken in the form of dietary supplements. Many herbs have been used since ancient times, for the prevention and treatment of almost every disease known to man. They can either be encapsulated or taken in form of herbal teas. The good thing about herbal treatments is that they do not pose any serious threats to one’s health as they have minimal side effects. MULUNGU BARK Mulungu bark is used in Central and South America for calming the nerves, improving the mood and aiding sleep. Mulungu contains erythravine, an active alkaloid which helps in anxiety reduction and protecting brain function. The flavanoids found in Mulungu are one of the best antioxidants and help in having a healthier brain. They are found to inhibit anxiety without any side effects and do not affect basic motor skills. Another effect of Mulungu is the strong physical sensation of well being. It elevates the mood as well. It is known to be helpful with brain diseases like epilepsy, insomnia and anxiety. Studies have shown that all these diseases lead to major brain disorders and other brain degenerative diseases. Mulungu can be taken on its own or with a stimulant like green tea to amplify its effects. It gives mental clarity and improves brain function. MUCUNA PRURIENS Mucuna has been used in ayurvedic medicine since 1500 B.C and is also known as the velvet bean. Mucuna contains L.dopa which is a biochemical precursor to several neurotransmitters. Dopamine happens to be one of these neurotransmitters in addition to adrenaline and noradrenalin, and it supports improved brain function and increased memory. It also regulates the mood and cognition. Mucuna is widely known as an anti aging herb. The antioxidant properties make it anti inflammatory and effective towards the protection of neurons. It protects brain function by keeping a check over cognitive and neural functions. Mucuna’s secret benefit is that it fights redness in brain, which is one of the symptoms of brain degradation. PASSIFLORA INCARNATA (PASSION FLOWER) Passion flower, also called apricot vine, was found in 1956 in Peru. Passion flower is used in herbal medicines to promote calmness and relaxation. It is also found to be very helpful in reducing anxiety. In synergy with other forms of treatment, it is found to be effective in reducing anxiety, irritability, insomnia and agitation. It also helps with psychiatric disorder called adjustment disorder with anxious mood. Passion flower also helps with sleep disorders and seizures. The best way to take passion flower is, as an herbal tea. According to the NYU Langone Medical Center, you should drink one cup of passion flower tea, three times a day. SCUTELLARIA LATERIFLORA (SKULLCAP) A natural tranquilizer, Skullcap is an American perennial herb found from New York to Virginia and southwards to South Carolina, Alabama and Missouri. Skullcap is a very powerful medicinal herb. It is used in treatments of many nervous related disorders like epilepsy, hysteria, insomnia and anxiety. It is also used in the treatment of ADD and a number of other nervous disorders. It is anti inflammatory, antispasmodic, febrifuge, sedative and tonic in nature. It contains volatile oils, tannins and scutellarins that are very helpful in mental disorders. Research suggests it possesses mood enhancing properties and protects brain against damaging effects caused by inflammation. According to HerbsList , Skullcap eases muscle spasms, muscle twitching and may help in ailments that involve involuntary limb movement, such as Parkinson’s disease and epilepsy. PIPER METHYSTICUM KAVA From the roots and stem of the piper methysticum plant, a non-alcoholic beverage is made. This herb is found in the islands of South Pacific. It is being used since the early 90’s as the herbal medicine for stress and anxiety. It contains kava lactones which are responsible for its psychoactive qualities. They work in the brain to produce non narcotic action against anxiety. Kava is beneficial for anxiety and doesn’t affect heart rate or blood pressure. Other disorders where Kava has been found beneficial are migraines, ADHD, psychosis, depression and chronic fatigue syndrome. GINSENG Ginseng, also called Panax ginseng, and is a widely used herbal remedy, all over the world. Its health benefits have been known for over thousands of years. It is used as a tonic to balance, stimulate and relax the nervous system. It brings strength and wisdom. Ginseng is an adaptogen. Adaptogens are known to make us more resilient to mental and physical stress. They reduce the stress hormone cortisol and increase the adrenal gland. Adaptogens can calm you down and boost your energy without over stimulation. It has the same relaxing effect and increased alertness as experiences after green tea. It helps in getting better sleep, increased energy levels and greater personal satisfaction. It is also helpful with the treatment of depression by regulating serotonin, dopamine and noreprinephrine. It works as brain booster and protector. It improves brain function and concentration. It helps with memory issues and protects against age related mental issues. Ginseng also works as an antioxidant and helps in protecting the brain cells against free radical damage. Increasingly large numbers of people are suffering from brain diseases like Alzheimer’s and Dementia . A number of medicines are also available to help with the symptoms, but they are heavy on the pocket and come with many side effects. These herbs have been in use since hundreds of years and do not pose any health threats. Continuous use of these herbs will ensure a healthy brain, strong enough to fight away any disease. By Alma Causey http://mobile.dudamobile.com/site/preventdisease/default?url=http%3A%2F%2Fpreventdisease.com%2Fnews%2F16%2F102516_6-Natural-Herbs-To-Prevent-Mental-Disorders.shtml#3037  ",0
3999,Brokaw: ’Democrats Have a Lot of Reconstruction to Do of Their Own Party’ - Breitbart,".@tombrokaw: The Democrats have a lot of reconstruction to do of their own party  https:  .  Friday on MSNBC’s “Morning Joe,” former NBC “Nightly News” anchor Tom Brokaw advised Democrats to pick and choose their fights, including their obstruction efforts of Supreme Court justice nominee Neil Gorsuch.  “A lot of young people come up to me and say, ‘I’m just outraged by what’s going on,’” Brokaw said. “I say, ‘Rage is not a policy.’ That’s my advice to them. You’ve got to figure out what you want to do. For example, there’s going to be a big pushback about Judge Gorsuch from the Democrats. They’re going to make that one of the testing places for them. The fact is, this man has a very distinct background in the judicial world. He has a doctorate from Oxford. I have friends in the federal judiciary that don’t agree with his philosophy but say there is not a better judge in the federal circuit right now. So why pick that as a fight because who are you going to get next and what issues are you going to raise given the reality of where the Democrats are at this moment. ” According to Brokaw, Democrats have their own internal problems and not putting the effort to rebuilding their own party will be to their detriment. “They’re playing by the Republican playbook, frankly, for the last eight years,” he added. “And the other thing is, Democrats have a lot of reconstruction to do of their own party and that’s what they ought to be thinking about and that’s what they should be getting  —   they ought to be out in the middle of America saying what do we need to know from you rather than sitting in Washington, reelecting Nancy Pelosi after they lost the House three different times. ” Follow Jeff Poor on Twitter @jeff_poor",0
4000,Chrome Extension Blocks United Flights from Travel Search Results - Breitbart,"A Google Chrome browser extension titled “Drop United” allows users to easily filter out United Airlines flights while browsing online. [The extension blocks United from search results on Google Search, Google Flights, Kayak, and Expedia, according to The Hill. The official website for the extension attacks United for violently removing a passenger from a flight.  “Corporations can treat you like shit because you’ll eventually forget you were ever mad,” the website states. “Drop United is a Chrome extension that drags United Airlines off your flight search results. So the next time you search for a flight, United won’t have a seat in your options. ” The incident made headlines after footage of the passenger who refused to give up his seat was released, showing him covered in blood as he was forcibly dragged out by his legs screaming. Chinese social media raged over the incident, while both President Trump and numerous celebrities condemned the airline for their handling of the situation. Drop United has already received numerous five star reviews, which thank the app’s anonymous creator for assisting the growing boycott, while also joking about the incident with United Airlines. Charlie Nash is a reporter for Breitbart Tech. You can follow him on Twitter @MrNashington or like his page at Facebook.",0
4001,Christians Celebrate Easter - Breitbart,"“For I delivered to you as of first importance what I also received: that Christ died for our sins in accordance with the Scriptures, that he was buried, that he was raised on the third day in accordance with the Scriptures, and that he appeared to Cephas, then to the twelve. Then he appeared to more than five hundred brothers at one time, most of whom are still alive   …    . ”   —  1 Corinthians 15:3 —  8 (ESV). Christians all over the world are celebrating Easter as the Sunday anniversary of Jesus Christ being resurrected from the dead. A week that began with the triumphant entry on Palm Sunday then took a historic turn on Good Friday, when Jesus of Nazareth was publicly executed. After hours of torture and beatings, he was nailed to a cross, which was an agonizing form of death penalty (from which we get the English word “excruciating”). To confirm he had died before removing his body from the cross, a Roman soldier thrust a spear deep into his abdomen, ensuring that there was no chance Jesus was still alive. His followers scattered and hid. Yet beginning a couple days later on Sunday, they began yelling in the streets that Jesus was alive. They claimed to have seen them with their own eyes. They boldly preached that message all over the known world, even as it cost them their lives. It is the most central tenet of the Christian faith. For almost 2, 000 years between then and now, on this day, it is still customary in many parts of the world to hear someone say to a friend, or a stranger, or a room full of people, “He is risen!” To which the customary reply is, “He is risen, indeed!” How can the radical shift of behavior from the disciples of a dead man be explained? What exactly do Christians believe happened on that day in question in A. D. 30, and how does the Bible describe the account? From the Gospel according to Luke: But on the first day of the week, at early dawn, they went to the tomb, taking the spices they had prepared. And they found the stone rolled away from the tomb, but when they went in they did not find the body of the Lord Jesus. While they were perplexed about this, behold, two men stood by them in dazzling apparel. And as they were frightened and bowed their faces to the ground, the men said to them, “Why do you seek the living among the dead? He is not here, but has risen. Remember how he told you, while he was still in Galilee, that the Son of Man must be delivered into the hands of sinful men and be crucified and on the third day rise. ” And they remembered his words, and returning from the tomb they told all these things to the eleven and to all the rest. Now it was Mary Magdalene and Joanna and Mary the mother of James and the other women with them who told these things to the apostles, but these words seemed to them an idle tale, and they did not believe them. But Peter rose and ran to the tomb, stooping and looking in, he saw the linen cloths by themselves and he went home marveling at what had happened. That very day two of them were going to a village named Emmaus, about seven miles from Jerusalem, and they were talking with each other about all these things that had happened. While they were talking and discussing together, Jesus himself drew near and went with them. But their eyes were kept from recognizing him. And he said to them, “What is this conversation that you are holding with each other as you walk?” And they stood still, looking sad. Then one of them, named Cleopas, answered him, “Are you the only visitor to Jerusalem who does not know the things that have happened there in these days?” And he said to them, “What things?” And they said to him, “Concerning Jesus of Nazareth, a man who was a prophet mighty in deed and word before God and all the people, and how our chief priests and rulers delivered him up to be condemned to death, and crucified him. But we had hoped that he was the one to redeem Israel. Yes, and besides all this, it is now the third day since these things happened. Moreover, some women of our company amazed us. They were at the tomb early in the morning, and when they did not find his body, they came back saying that they had even seen a vision of angels, who said that he was alive. Some of those who were with us went to the tomb and found it just as the women had said, but him they did not see. And he said to them, “O foolish ones, and slow of heart to believe all that the prophets had spoken! Was it not necessary that the Christ should suffer these things and enter into his glory?” And beginning with Moses and all the Prophets, he interpreted to them in all the Scriptures the things concerning himself. So they drew near to the village to which they were going. He acted as if he were going farther, but they urged him strongly, saying, “Stay with us, for it is toward evening and the day is now far spent. ” So he went in to stay with them. When he was at table with them, he took the bread and blessed and broke it and gave it to them. And their eyes were opened, and they recognized him. And he vanished from their sight. They said to each other, “Did not our hearts burn within us while he talked to us on the road, while he opened to us the Scriptures?” And they rose that same hour and returned to Jerusalem. And they found the eleven and those who were with them gathered together, saying, “The Lord has risen indeed, and has appeared to Simon!” Then they told what had happened on the road, and how he was known to them in the breaking of the bread. As they were talking about these things, Jesus himself stood among them, and said to them, “Peace to you!” But they were startled and frightened and thought they saw a spirit. And he said to them, “Why are you troubled, and why do doubts arise in your hearts? See my hands and my feet, that it is I myself. Touch me, and see. For a spirit does not have flesh and bones as you see that I have. ” And when he had said this, he showed them his hands and his feet. And while they still disbelieved for joy and were marveling, he said to them, “Have you anything here to eat?” They gave him a piece of broiled fish, and he took it and ate it before them. Then he said to them, “These are my words that I spoke to you while I was still with you, that everything written about me in the Law of Moses and the Prophets and the Psalms must be fulfilled. ” Then he opened their minds to understand the Scriptures, and said to them, “Thus it is written, that the Christ should suffer and on the third day rise from the dead, and that repentance and forgiveness of sins should be proclaimed in his name to all nations, beginning from Jerusalem. You are witnesses of these things. And behold, I am sending the promise of my Father upon you. But stay in the city until you are clothed with power from on high. ” Then he led them out as far as Bethany, and lifting up his hands he blessed them. While he blessed them, he parted from them and was carried into heaven. And they worshiped him and returned to Jerusalem with great joy, and were continually in the temple blessing God.  —  Luke 24:1 —  50 (ESV). Happy Easter! “There in the ground his body lay, light of the world by darkness slain then bursting forth in glorious day, up from the grave he rose again! And as he stands in victory, sin’s curse has lost its grip on me for I am his, and he is mine —  bought with the precious blood of Christ. ” —  “In Christ Alone” (2001) Ken Klukowski is senior legal editor for Breitbart News. Follow him on Twitter @kenklukowski.",0
4002,Comment on Democratic Party operative Bob Beckel calls for assassinating WikiLeaks’ Julian Assange by truckjunkie,"New emails show Huma scheming for Hillary 
Assange promises that WikiLeaks will release proof that Hillary has rigged the elections. 
Yesterday, WikiLeaks sent out an alarming tweet that “Hillary Clinton strategist Bob Beckel called for WikiLeaks editor Julian Assange to be assassinated”: 
The tweet contains a video snippet of Beckel on FoxNews, saying: 
“The way to deal with this is pretty simple — you get Special Ops (Operations) forces. I mean, a dead man can’t leak stuff. This guy’s [Assange] a traitor, treasonous, and and he’s broken every law of the United States. The guy ought to be — and I’m not for the death penalty, so if I’m not for the death penalty, the only way to do it is illegally shoot the son of a bitch .” 
Blog and news sites, including big names like ZeroHedge and Pamela Geller , are reporting Beckel’s vile remarks as contemporaneous, in the context of WikiLeaks’ current exposés of Hillary and the DNC. 
Not so. 
Beckel actually made those remarks 5 years ago in December 2011. Here’s a longer FoxNews video, wherein Beckel was part of a panel discussing how the U.S. should deal with Assange and WikiLeaks for their release of the State Department’s diplomatic cables. Beckel’s “shoot the son of a bitch” remarks begin at the 0:57 mark: 
That it was 5 years ago that Beckel had called for assassinating Julian Assange doesn’t make it less reprehensible. It’s also ridiculous for Beckel to call Assange “a traitor” and “treasonous,” because Assange is Australian, not a U.S. citizen. 
So who is Bob Beckel? 
According to Wikipedia , 67-year-old Bob Beckel is a political analyst-pundit who began his professional life as a Democratic administration official and Democratic Party operative. He was a Deputy Assistant Secretary of State (1977) and Special Assistant to the President for Legislative Affairs (1978) in the Carter administration; the campaign manager for Walter Mondale’s 1984 presidential campaign; founder of the consulting & lobbying firm Bob Beckel & Associates (1984); campaign manager of a Democratic U.S. Senate candidate in Idaho (2002); USA Today columnist (2005-2015); FoxNews “ token angry liberal ” co-host (2011-2015); and since October 2015, CNN commentator on the 2016 election. 
Wikipedia makes no mention of Beckel being a Hillary Clinton strategist, nor have I found confirmation that he is a Hillary strategist, other than what the WikiLeaks tweet claims. But all that doesn’t mean he isn’t a Hillary Clinton strategist, given Beckel’s history as a Democratic Party operative. 
There must be a reason why WikiLeaks sent out its tweet of Beckel’s 5-year-old call to assassinate Assange. Perhaps Assange has received death threats and does not want the same fate that befell DNC staffer and WikiLeaks informant Seth Rich. (See “ WikiLeaks ’ Julian Assange: murdered DNC staffer was source of leaked DNC emails ”) 
H/t maziel",0
4003,70 Percent Approve of Shinzo Abe’s Trump Visit in Japan,"Japanese polling firms found solid support for Prime Minister Shinzo Abe’s visit to Florida this past weekend to spend time with his American counterpart, President Donald Trump, though   politicians condemned expanding U. S.  ties. [The newswire service Kyodo published a poll following Abe’s return to Japan finding that 70 percent of Japanese respondents were “satisfied” with Abe’s visit to the White House and Trump’s estate in Florida,   . The New York Times adds that the Kyodo poll found approval of Abe’s work as prime minister generally to be 62 percent, a slight uptick from a month earlier.  The Japanese broadcaster NHK found similar results. NHK’s polls found that 68 percent of Japanese respondents either “somewhat” or “highly” approved of Abe’s time in the United States. Only 27 percent said they either “somewhat” or “highly” disapprove of the visit.   percent said they approved of the job that Abe’s cabinet is doing, three percent more than those who said so in January. Abe arrived from Tokyo on Friday and engaged in a   meeting with President Trump at the White House, followed by a press conference. The two then flew to Florida, where they spent much of the weekend playing golf and getting to know each other. Abe had reportedly suggested the game to Trump, noting that his grandfather, Prime Minister Nobusuke Kishi, once played a round of golf with Dwight Eisenhower. The two first ladies, Melania Trump and Akie Abe, also spent Saturday together, visiting Florida’s Morikami Museum. Trump and Abe discussed their relationship in two press conferences, as well, with Trump telling reporters, “The United States of America stands behind Japan, its great ally, 100 percent. ” “President Trump has just made it clear in our leaders’ summit that the United States is with Japan 100 percent at all times, and he is standing next to me right now in order to demonstrate that will,” Abe said. The two also condemned a North Korean missile launch seemingly timed to correspond with their meeting. While most in Japan appear pleased with the bilateral meeting, opposition members have used the meeting to condemn Abe for not opposing Trump policies openly  —   or, in some cases, merely for being too supportive of the United States. The leader of the mainstream opposition Democratic Party, for example, condemned Abe for not issuing a statement opposing President Trump’s executive order limiting immigration from   countries: “With the harsh attention focused on the issue, the sight of the Japanese prime minister happily enjoying golf is not something we can be proud of. ” Japanese Communist Party leader Kazuo Shii, meanwhile, accused Abe of “kowtowing to Trump” by not addressing the refugee issue. Shii’s comments echoed protests from Chinese Communist Party newspaper the People’s Daily, which published an editorial accusing Abe of “fetishizing” the relationship with the United States. Should Abe have chosen to criticize the executive order, he would have likely triggered similar condemnation for Japan’s refugee policy. Japan accepted 0. 26 percent of foreigners applying for refugee status in 2016: 28 people, none from Islamic   Syria or Iraq, but from Afghanistan, Bangladesh, and Africa. In 2015, the nation accepted 27 refugees. Upon being accepted, the government pays for Japanese lessons for refugees. Challenged on these small refugee application rates in 2015, Abe argued that Japan is not yet fit to accept refugees because of the many social problems facing native Japanese people. “I would say that before accepting immigrants or refugees, we need to have more activities by women, elderly people and we must raise our birth rate. There are many things that we should do before accepting immigrants,” he said in a speech announcing a new   aid package for the Middle East.",0
4004,Germany Gleefully Leads List of World’s Top Recyclers - The New York Times,"The praise from a German friend was the first sign that I had gone native. “You see?” he said to his American wife, pointing to the sink where, without thinking, I was rinsing out the plastic yogurt cup I’d just emptied, unwrapping its cardboard sleeve and separating the foil from the lip of the container. “That is how to recycle!” What may sound like a lot of extra fuss over trash has become second nature among Germans, the world’s recycling champions. According to the Organization for Economic Cooperation and Development, Germans happily sort 65 percent of their waste into an array of   bins to be collected for reuse or incineration. South Koreans come in second, recycling 59 percent of their refuse. The United States recycles 35 percent that’s only slightly above the average for the developed countries that belong to the organization, but it is miles ahead of Turkey, where 99 percent of all trash ends up in a landfill. Of course, even in Germany, you’ll find recycling rebels. Instead of sorting, they just throw it all in a big can marked General Waste, and they scoff at their dutiful neighbors who lug out trash in separate bags bound for   bins. Plastics and packaging are supposed to go in the yellow container the blue one is for paper and cardboard. Glass waste gets two bins: white for the clear stuff, and green for colored glass. Then there’s a brown bin for organic waste, which goes for composting. Since 2015, every community in Germany has been required by law to collect compost, for use in biogas plants or organic fertilizer Germans generate 10 million tons of the stuff each year. Other Western European nations are almost as zealous as the Germans. Austria, Belgium, Switzerland, the Netherlands and Sweden all recycle at least half of their municipal waste, according to the European Environment Agency. One key to Germany’s success is that the   collection bins are everywhere  —   train cars and station platforms, town squares and public parks, schools, even soccer stadiums. Most are labeled in English as well as German, to help foreigners figure out what goes where. And if that wasn’t enough, ordinary Germans are rarely shy about intercepting strangers on the verge of dropping a paper cup or empty soda bottle into the General Waste bin with a cry of, “Stop! That doesn’t go in there!”",0
4005,"Swamps, Marijuana, Moonshine: 2 Prison Escapees’ 3 Weeks on the Run in New York - The New York Times","When the two men plunged into the unforgiving wilderness of the Adirondacks, they had scant experience and supplies better suited to boys running away from home than to convicted killers fleeing a   prison: pepperoni sticks, toilet paper, a cache of black pepper, an electric shaver and 40 granola bars, all packed in a cloth guitar case. But they managed to avoid capture for three weeks in the rugged northernmost reaches of New York State. Navigating by the stars and using evasion tactics gleaned from Vietnam War movies, they pillaged peanut butter and pasta  —   as well as moonshine and marijuana  —   from remote hunting cabins. They stole sleep by the hour and tracked their pursuers’ movements via news reports on a purloined transistor radio. In the end, feet worn bloody by flight, they argued and went their separate ways before their bids for freedom ended  —   one in capture, one in death. The escape of David Sweat and Richard W. Matt in June 2015 from the Clinton Correctional Facility in Dannemora, N. Y. captivated the nation. And much of the tale has since been told: how they patiently planned their escape how they manipulated the affections of a female prison employee how they broke out of the prison, one of the state’s toughest. But little has been disclosed about what it was actually like for the two hunted men during their   slog in the deep woods between the prison and the Canadian border. The survivor, Mr. Sweat, has told their story in novelistic detail  —   it reads like a new twist on a grand wilderness adventure  —   to investigators from the New York State Police, the state inspector general’s office and the state prison agency in a series of interviews that began from his hospital bed the day he was captured. It is contained in more than 500 pages of transcripts. It is the drama as seen from the vantage point of the hunted, the police and dogs always just one step behind, hopscotching from rural roads to rutted mountainsides, dragging themselves through swamps and up and down steep inclines. The men cobbled together their supplies from what was available inside the   prison  —   “You plan for the worst, hope for the best,” Mr. Sweat said  —   amassing a supply of black pepper he later used to throw dogs off his scent, along with a shaver so they would not look like bearded fugitives. Much of the time the two men spent cold, wet, shivering nights sleeping on the ground or in elevated hunting blinds, platforms hidden high in the trees from which hunters stalk and shoot their prey, a perch from which Mr. Sweat said in one instance he could identify the search area by watching helicopters and planes above. But they also spent some time in   cabins used by hunters, at least some of which belong to state corrections officers who work in the prisons like Clinton, Mr. Sweat said. It was in one cabin that they found the moonshine and marijuana, which, along with a propane heater and an ample supply of food, would allow them to stay for two nights. In another officer’s camp, they found a shotgun, which they took, and uniform jackets belonging to the corrections officers, which they apparently did not. “I found their weed and everything,” Mr. Sweat, 36, told his interrogators, referring to the first cabin. “I was laughing my ass  —   because I like to smoke weed every once in a while. It mellows me out, keeps me calm. ” A senior investigator with the State Police asked if they had smoked any that night. “Yes, we got high as hell for like two nights,” he said, adding that they also drank the moonshine. “So you know we’d drink, get high and hang out because there ain’t nobody coming up here during the week. ” The two convicted killers practically played house. “We’d turn the heaters on and we’d cook,” Mr. Sweat recalled. “We made pasta and everything else because they had pasta there, because we didn’t care  —   it was the C. O. s,’” he said, using the shorthand for corrections officers, noting they were unlikely to report the   because of the marijuana. The transcripts of the interviews were obtained under the state’s Freedom of Information Law. They reveal Mr. Sweat as an enthusiastic raconteur, eager to regale his questioners with his backwoods accomplishments and his   skills of improvisation. He was also quick to vent his apparent frustration with what he characterized as his sluggish, foolhardy and sometimes drunken fellow escapee, Mr. Matt. “I got in an argument with him because every place we’d go, he’d get drunk,” Mr. Sweat complained. “And he would drink when we were moving. I’m like, ‘Dude, you can’t be drunk when we’re moving you’ve got to be sober. ’” The two men found the transistor radio and a refrigerator full of beer at another cabin, Mr. Sweat told the investigators. And in addition to helping them keep track of where the authorities were searching for them, the radio also provided some measure of entertainment and satisfaction. “It was actually kind of a running joke between him and me because on the radio they’re like, ‘Oh they’re not woodsmen, this and that,’” Mr. Sweat said. “And we’d laugh about it. It’s funny   …     we’re not woodsmen and we’ve been in the woods for weeks. ” Then he gloated. “They can’t catch us. But we’re not woodsmen. ” Mr. Sweat said Mr. Matt, 49, had reckless ideas  —   shooting troopers, carjacking   on the rural roads or sticking people up in their homes and taking their money and cars. After two weeks, Mr. Matt began to wear on him. With their hunters in hot pursuit, Mr. Sweat left him behind. “I said, you know what, I hate to do it to him, but I kept my part of the deal, I got him out,” he said, “and I bolted on him. ” On June 26, a drunken Mr. Matt was confronted by a United States Border Patrol tactical unit, and, the authorities say, pointed a shotgun at one of its members. A federal agent shot him twice in the head and once in the neck. Two days later, Mr. Sweat was walking on a rural road just a mile and a half from the Canadian border when a sergeant in a State Police car approached him. Mr. Sweat believed the sergeant was confused because Mr. Sweat had shaved the night before as part of his plan for not looking like a haggard convict on the run. Mr. Sweat started to cross a field of alfalfa, heading for the tree line on the opposite side. The sergeant tried to call Mr. Sweat back to the road, saying, “Come here. ” But Mr. Sweat responded with, “No, I’m good,” and kept walking. He started moving faster. The sergeant swore at him. “He started running behind me,” Mr. Sweat recalled. “I took off. The next thing he says: ‘I’m going to shoot you. If you don’t stop, I’m going to shoot you.’ I said: ‘I ain’t got no weapons. I don’t have no weapons. ’” Mr. Sweat said he held his hands up so the trooper could see he was unarmed, but he kept running. The tree line got closer. He dropped the bag he was carrying. The sergeant got down on one knee, carefully set up his shot and fired. “He hit me twice and it was  —   the first one hit me in the shoulder the top,” Mr. Sweat said. “It killed this whole arm. I couldn’t move it. And the other one was on the other side. I thought, ‘Man, I’m going to hit the ground,’ and just started spitting blood up. He hit my lung. ” After Mr. Sweat recovered, he pleaded guilty to   escape and promotion of prison contraband and was sentenced to three and a half to seven years in prison, on top of his    sentence for the 2002 killing of a Broome County sheriff’s deputy. He is currently in the Special Housing Unit at Five Points Correctional Facility in Romulus, N. Y. the state’s newest   prison. Portions of Mr. Sweat’s account could not be corroborated, with Mr. Matt, the only other witness to many of the events, dead. And while a report this summer by the state inspector general, Catherine   detailing the prison lapses that led to the escape in some measure relied on Mr. Sweat’s account of the breakout itself, it acknowledged that questions would arise about his motivation and credibility. But the report noted that information he provided under oath had been corroborated, wherever possible, by other evidence, adding, “In instances where no independent corroboration exists, the inspector general has found Sweat’s account credible and consistent with other known facts. ”",0
4006,Massive marine park declared in Antarctic Ocean,"This undated handout photo received from the Antarctic Ocean Alliance on October 28, 2016 shows a Adelie penguin on pack ice in the Ross Sea in Antarctica. © AFP 
International leaders have joined hands to create the world’s largest marine park in the Antarctic Ocean. The European Union and 24 countries have reached a momentous agreement to open the Ross Sea Park. 
The deal was sealed in Hobart, Australia after prolonged negotiations run by the United Nation’s Commission for the Conservation of Antarctic Marine Living Resources. 
The Ross Sea marine park will cover an area of 1.55 million square kilometers and is to be protected from commercial fishing for 35 years. 
The preserved area covers more than 12 percent of the Southern Ocean and is home to more than 10,000 species. Scientists and activists consider the deal a historic milestone after decades of global efforts in marine preservation. 
The Ross Sea is seen as one of the world's most ecologically important oceans for its unique qualities. Scientists believe that the marine park can be a platform for a deeper understanding of climate change impacts. 
The 25-member commission comprised of Russia, China, the US and the EU had to have unanimous support for the decision. Loading ...",0
4007,The Dark Agenda Behind Globalism And Open Borders,"Leave a reply 
Brandon Smith – When people unfamiliar with the liberty movement stumble onto the undeniable fact of the “conspiracy” of globalism they tend to look for easy answers to understand what it is and why it exists. Most people today have been conditioned to perceive events from a misinterpreted standpoint of “Occam’s Razor” — they wrongly assume that the simplest explanation is probably the right one. 
In fact, this is not what Occam’s Razor states. Instead, to summarize, it states that the simplest explanation GIVEN THE EVIDENCE at hand is probably the right explanation. 
It has been well known and documented for decades that the push for globalism is a deliberate and focused effort on the part of a select “elite;” international financiers, central bankers, political leaders and the numerous members of exclusive think tanks. They often openly admit their goals for total globalization in their own publications, perhaps believing that the uneducated commoners would never read them anyway. Carroll Quigley, mentor to Bill Clinton and member of the Council on Foreign Relations, is often quoted with open admissions to the general scheme: “The powers of financial capitalism had (a) far-reaching aim, nothing less than to create a world system of financial control in private hands able to dominate the political system of each country and the economy of the world as a whole. This system was to be controlled in a feudalist fashion by the central banks of the world acting in concert, by secret agreements arrived at in frequent meetings and conferences. The apex of the systems was to be the Bank for International Settlements in Basel, Switzerland; a private bank owned and controlled by the world’s central banks which were themselves private corporations. Each central bank… sought to dominate its government by its ability to control Treasury loans, to manipulate foreign exchanges, to influence the level of economic activity in the country, and to influence cooperative politicians by subsequent economic rewards in the business world.” – Carroll Quigley, Tragedy And Hope 
The people behind the effort to enforce globalism are tied together by a particular ideology, perhaps even a cult-like religion, in which they envision a world order as described in Plato’s Republic. They believe that they are “chosen” either by fate, destiny or genetics to rule as philosopher kings over the rest of us. They believe that they are the wisest and most capable that humanity has to offer, and that through evolutionary means, they can create chaos and order out of thin air and mold society at will. 
This mentality is evident in the systems that they build and exploit. For example, central banking in general is nothing more than a mechanism for driving nations into debt, currency devaluation, and ultimately, enslavement through widespread economic extortion. The end game for central banks is, I believe, the triggering of historic financial crisis, which can then be used by the elites as leverage to promote complete global centralization as the only viable solution. 
This process of destabilizing economies and societies is not directed by the heads of the various central banks. Instead, it is directed by even more central global institutions like the International Monetary Fund and the Bank for International Settlements, as outlined in revealing mainstream articles like Ruling The World Of Money published by Harpers Magazine. 
We also find through the words of globalists that the campaign for a “new world order” is not meant to be voluntary. “… When the struggle seems to be drifting definitely towards a world social democracy, there may still be very great delays and disappointments before it becomes an efficient and beneficent world system. Countless people … will hate the new world order … and will die protesting against it. When we attempt to evaluate its promise, we have to bear in mind the distress of a generation or so of malcontents, many of them quite gallant and graceful-looking people.” – HG Welles, Fabian Socialist and author of The New World Order “In short, the ‘house of world order’ will have to be built from the bottom up rather than f rom the top down. It will look like a great ‘booming, buzzing confusion,’ to use William James’ famous description of reality, but an end run around national sovereignty, eroding it piece by piece, will accomplish much more than the old-fashioned frontal assault.” – Richard Gardner, member of the Trilateral Commission, published in the April, 1974 issue of Foreign Affairs 
“The New World Order cannot happen without U.S. participation, as we are the single most significant component. Yes, there will be a New World Order, and it will force the United States to change its perceptions.” – Henry Kissinger, World Action Council, April 19, 1994 
I could quote globalists all day long, but I think you get the general idea. While some people see globalism as a “natural offshoot” of free markets or the inevitable outcome of economic progress, the reality is that the simplest explanation (given the evidence at hand) is that globalism is an outright war waged against the ideal of sovereign peoples and nations. It is a guerrilla war, or fourth generation warfare, waged by a small group of elites against the rest of us. 
A significant element of this war concerns the nature of borders. Borders of nations, states and even towns and villages, are not just lines on a map or invisible barriers in the dirt. This is what the elites and the mainstream media would like us to believe. Instead, borders when applied correctly represent principles; or at least, that is supposed to be their function. 
Human beings are natural community builders; we are constantly seeking out others of like-mind and like-purpose because we understand subconsciously that groups of individuals working together can (often but not always) accomplish more. That said, human beings also have a natural tendency to value individual freedom and the right to voluntary association. We do not like to be forced to associate with people or groups that do not hold similar values. 
Cultures erect borders because, frankly, people have the right to vet those who wish to join and participate in their endeavors. People also have a right to discriminate against anyone who does not share their core values; or, in other words, we have the right to refuse association with other groups and ideologies that are destructive to our own. 
Interestingly, globalists and their mouthpieces will argue that by refusing to associate with those who might undermine our values, it is WE who are violating THEIR rights. See how that works? 
Globalists exploit the word “isolationism” to shame sovereignty champions in the eyes of the public, but there is no shame in isolation when such principles as freedom of speech and expression or the right to self defense are on the line. There is also nothing wrong with isolating a prosperous economic model from unsuccessful economic models. Forcing a decentralized free market economy to adopt feudal administration through central banking and government will eventually destroy that model. Forcing a free market economy into fiscal interdependency with socialist economies will also most likely undermine that culture. Just as importing millions of people with differing values to feed on a nation after it has had socialism thrust upon it is a recipe for collapse. 
The point is, some values and social structures are mutually exclusive; no matter how hard you try, certain cultures can never be homogenized with other cultures. You can only eliminate one culture to make room for the other in a border-less world. This is what globalists seek to achieve. It is the greater purpose behind open border policies and globalization – to annihilate ideological competition so that humanity thinks it has no other option but the elitist religion. The ultimate end game of globalists is not to control governments (governments are nothing more than a tool). Rather, their end game is to obtain total psychological influence and eventually consent from the masses. 
Variety and choice have to be removed from our environment in order for globalism to work, which is a nice way to say that many people will have to die and many principles will have to be erased from the public consciousness. The elites assert that their concept of a single world culture is the pinnacle principle of mankind, and that there is no longer any need for borders because no other principle is superior to theirs. As long as borders as a concept continue to exist there is always the chance of separate and different ideals rising to compete with the globalist philosophy. This is unacceptable to the elites. 
This has led not so subtle propaganda meme that cultures that value sovereignty over globalism are somehow seething cauldrons of potential evil. Today, with the rising tide of anti-globalist movements, the argument in the mainstream is that “populists” (conservatives) are of a lower and uneducated class and are a dangerous element set to topple the “peace and prosperity” afforded by globalist hands. In other words, we are treated like children scrawling with our finger paints across a finely crafted Mona Lisa. Once again, Carroll Quigley promotes (or predicts) this propaganda decades in advance when he discusses the need for “working within the system” for change instead of fighting against it: “For example, I’ve talked about the lower middle class as the backbone of fascism in the future. I think this may happen. The party members of the Nazi Party in Germany were consistently lower middle class. I think that the right-wing movements in this country are pretty generally in this group.” – Carroll Quigley, from Dissent: Do We Need It? 
The problem is that these people refuse to confront the fruits of globalization that can be observed so far. Globalists have had free reign over most of the world’s governments for at least a century, if not longer. As a consequence of their influences, we have had two World Wars, the Great Depression, the Great Recession which is still ongoing, too many regional conflicts and genocides to count and the systematic oppression of free agent entrepreneurs, inventors and ideas to the point that we are now suffering from social and financial stagnation. 
The globalists have long been in power, yet, the existence of borders is blamed for the storm of crises we have endured for the past hundred years? Liberty champions are called “deplorable” populists and fascists while globalists dodge blame like slimy slithering eels? 
This is the best card the globalists have up their sleeve, and it is the reason why I continue to argue that they plan to allow conservative movements to gain a measure of political power in the next year, only to pull the plug on international fiscal life support and blame us for the resulting tragedy. 
There is no modicum of evidence to support the notion that globalization, interdependencey and centralization actually work. One need only examine the economic and immigration nightmare present in the EU to understand this. So, the globalists will now argue that the world is actually not centralized ENOUGH. That’s right; they will claim we need more globalization, not less, to solve the world’s ailments. 
In the meantime, principles of sovereignty have to be historically demonized — the concept of separate cultures built on separate beliefs has to be psychologically equated with evil by future generations. Otherwise, the globalists will never be able to successfully establish a global system without borders. 
Imagine, for a moment, an era not far away in which the principle of sovereignty is considered so abhorrent, so racist, so violent and poisonous that any individual would be shamed or even punished by the collective for entertaining the notion. Imagine a world in which sovereignty and conservatism are held up to the next generation as the new “original sins;” dangerous ideas that almost brought about the extinction of man. 
This mental prison is where globalists want to take us. We can break free, but this would require a complete reversal of the way in which we participate in society. Meaning, we need a rebellion of voluntary associations. A push for decentralization instead of globalization. Thousands upon thousands of voluntary groups focusing on localization, self reliance and true production. We must act to build a system that is based on redundancy instead of fragile interdependencey. We need to go back to an age of many borders, not less borders, until every individual is himself free to participate in whatever social group or endeavor he believes is best for him, as well as free to defend against people that seek to sabotage him; a voluntary tribal society devoid of forced associations. 
Of course, this effort would require unimaginable sacrifice and a fight that would probably last a generation. To suggest otherwise would be a lie. I can’t possibly convince anyone that a potential future based on a hypothetical model is worth that sacrifice. I have no idea whether it is or is not. I can only point out that the globalist dominated world we live in today is clearly doomed. We can argue about what comes next after we have removed our heads from the guillotine. SF Source Alt_Market Oct. 2016 Share this:",0
4008,Obama Immigration Plan Seems to Divide Supreme Court - The New York Times,"WASHINGTON  —   The Supreme Court on Monday seemed sharply divided during an extended argument over a challenge to President Obama’s plan that would shield millions of undocumented immigrants from deportation and allow them to work in the country legally. A   deadlock seemed a real possibility, one that would leave in place an appeals court ruling that blocks the plan and deny Mr. Obama the chance to revive it while he remains in office. A tie vote would set no Supreme Court precedent and therefore would allow a renewed challenge to the plan once the court is back at full strength. Chief Justice John G. Roberts Jr. ’s questions were deeply skeptical of the administration’s position. They appeared to signal that he would not join the court’s four more liberal members in dismissing the case on the ground that the challengers had not suffered injuries giving them standing to sue. A ruling based on standing would be a victory for the administration. The case, brought by Texas and 25 other states, could still produce a significant ruling on presidential power and immigration policy in the midst of an election campaign in which both issues have been prominent. A loss for Mr. Obama would vindicate Republican accusations that he has acted lawlessly in exceeding the limits of presidential power and has not done enough to secure the nation’s borders. A victory for him would uphold one of the central legacies of his presidency and affect the lives of countless immigrants. Solicitor General Donald B. Verrilli Jr. the government’s top appellate lawyer, opened the arguments with a vigorous defense of Mr. Obama’s authority to set priorities for immigration enforcement. He was quickly challenged by Chief Justice Roberts. “Could the president grant deferred removal to every unlawfully present alien in the United States right now?” the chief justice asked skeptically. Mr. Verrilli said there were statutory constraints that would prevent the president from doing so. Mr. Verrilli also argued that Texas had not suffered the sort of direct and concrete injury that gave it standing to sue. The chief justice said the administration had given Texas an impossible choice, “a real  . ” Texas says it has standing to sue because it would be costly for the state to give driver’s licenses to immigrants affected by the federal policy. Mr. Verrilli said the state could simply change its law to deny driver’s licenses to the immigrants. “You would sue them instantly,” Chief Justice Roberts responded, meaning that the federal government would file a lawsuit challenging Texas’ unequal treatment of immigrants affected by the program. Mr. Verrilli said that was probably so but that such a suit might not succeed. The answer did not seem to satisfy Chief Justice Roberts, who suggested that the choice between incurring a budget shortfall and facing a lawsuit from the federal government was enough to establish standing. Justice Anthony M. Kennedy, on the other hand, twice suggested that Texas could have filed a different kind of lawsuit, one in which its standing would not be in question. Justice Sonia Sotomayor said that “nearly 11 million unauthorized aliens are here in the shadows. ” “They’re here whether we want them or not,” she said. But Justice Kennedy questioned whether the president can defer deportations for millions of people without specific congressional authorization. “It’s as if the president is defining the policy and the Congress is executing it,” Justice Kennedy said. “That’s just upside down. ” The case, United States v. Texas, No.   concerns a program intended to allow more than four million unauthorized immigrants who are the parents of citizens or of lawful permanent residents to apply for a program sparing them from deportation and providing them work permits. The program, announced in November 2014, was called Deferred Action for Parents of Americans and Lawful Permanent Residents, or DAPA. Mr. Verrilli told the justices that it addressed “a pressing humanitarian concern in avoiding the breakup of families that contain U. S. citizen children. ” Justice Samuel A. Alito Jr. asked if the president could simply open the nation’s borders. Mr. Verrilli said that was “a million miles from where we are now. ” That comment prompted Justice Kennedy to jump in. “Well, it’s four million people from where we are now,” he said, referring to the number of immigrants affected by Mr. Obama’s plan. “What we’re doing is defining the limits of discretion,” Justice Kennedy said of the court’s role in determining the lawfulness of the plan. “And it seems to me that that is a legislative, not an executive act. ” Scott A. Keller, Texas’ solicitor general, said Mr. Obama’s plan was unprecedented and unlawful. He faced skeptical questions from the court’s more liberal members about whether his state had standing. Justice Sotomayor wondered why it would cost more to issue more driver’s licenses. “Why can’t you just let people wait on line?” she asked. A different line, for one of the coveted red tickets that allow members of the public into the Supreme Court for the oral arguments, stretched around the block on Monday. Some people had been camping in front of the court since Friday night, eager for a chance to witness history. Groups of young people walked up and down the sidewalk holding banners and chanting mantras like “Sí se puede,” Spanish for “Yes we can. ” Thomas Pittman, a retired firefighter and a deacon at Shiloh Baptist Church in Trenton, said he was interested in the effects the case might have on the presidential race. “I think it’s going to have a major impact on the election, due to the fact that Trump wants to deport people and close our borders down,” he said, referring to the Republican   Donald J. Trump. Mr. Obama has said he took action after years of frustration with Republicans in Congress who had repeatedly refused to support bipartisan Senate legislation to update immigration laws. A coalition of 26 states, led by Texas, promptly challenged the plan, accusing the president of ignoring administrative procedures for changing rules and of abusing the power of his office by sidestepping Congress. If the Supreme Court upholds Mr. Obama’s actions, the White House has vowed to move quickly to set up the program and begin enrolling immigrants before his successor takes over early next year. Democratic presidential candidates have said they would continue the program, but most of the Republicans in the race have vowed to dismantle it and redouble immigration enforcement. Mr. Keller, Texas’ lawyer, acknowledged that the president has wide authority over whom to deport. “In this case,” he said, “given that they are removing 400, 000 people a year, we admit that they could do forbearance from removal. But what they can’t do is grant authorization to be in the country. ” He said the states’ quarrel was with what he called a blanket grant of “lawful presence” to millions of immigrants, entitling them to various benefits. Mr. Verrilli, the administration’s lawyer, said the term “lawful presence” had been misunderstood. Chief Justice Roberts asked him whether he was slicing things a little too fine. “Lawfully present does not mean you’re legally present?” the chief justice asked. “Correct,” Mr. Verrilli responded. Justice Alito said that response was mystifying. “I’m just talking about the English language,” he said. “I just don’t understand it. ” But Justice Elena Kagan said the term “lawful presence” was a red herring, suggesting that the administration could “have done the exact same thing without using that phrase. ”",0
4009,Salk Institute Creates Human-Pig Hybrid Embryo - Breitbart,"The Salk Institute has successfully implanted a   hybrid into a sow and observed its successful development over the course of a month. [Infant “pluripotent” cells  —   that is, those that have the potential to develop into any adult cell  —   were placed inside pig embryos and successfully combined into an embryonic hybrid. Once that was accomplished, scientists from the Salk Institute implanted the experiment into the womb of a mature sow and observed the embryo’s maturation over the course of a month.  Lead Researcher Izpisua Belmonte wanted to “know whether human cells can contribute at all to address the ‘yes or no’ question,” regarding the potential for growing human organs from pigs. She’s concluded that the study was “long enough for us to try to understand how the human and pig cells mix together early on without raising ethical concerns about mature chimeric animals. ” Despite the success of the experiment, the resulting cells were very weak. Still, it was an “important first step” that brings Belmonte and his peers closer to the “ultimate goal” to “grow functional and transplantable tissue or organs. ” And while he believes “we are still far away from that,” they do have a lead: “Now that we know the answer is yes, our next challenge is to improve efficiency and guide the human cells into forming a particular organ in pigs. ” To do so, they will need to edit the pig genome itself, to make it a better host for the development of human cellular structures. Pigs are already our best candidates for such work  —   their organs are extremely similar to our own. With a lack of human donors on the proverbial table, the research could provide our best hope yet for manufacturing human organs for transplant. It might be the only way to save the   people who die every day waiting for an organ transplant. There are, of course, a multitude of ethical concerns in the creation of   hybrids. The Salk Institute has been forced to rely on private donations to fund the experiment, because such experiments remain ineligible for government funding. All told, the research has created 186 surviving chimeric embryos, each with about 1 in 100, 000 human cells. The human cells also seemed to slow the overall growth rate. University of North Carolina stem cell expert Ke Cheng says that the overwhelming predominance of pig tissue would very likely cause human bodies to resist the creations in their current form. And while there are “other steps to take,” he’s called the development “very intriguing. ” This isn’t the first experiment, nor will it be the last. Recently, human glial brain cells were implanted in mice. The mice solved mazes and memory tests twice as fast as their unmodified competitors. It’s a new scientific frontier, with as many hard questions  —   both moral and methodological  —   as it has potential answers. Follow Nate Church @Get2Church on Twitter for the latest news in gaming and technology, and snarky opinions on both.",0
4010,"Dems, Media, Intel Folks Fall Into ‘No Evidence’ Column on Trump Campaign Collusion with Russia - Breitbart","With headlines swirling and lawmakers meeting behind closed doors, it’s not difficult to conclude there is trouble in the Trump White House. [But a deeper dive reveals that lots of people who would not consider themselves Trump supporters admit there is no evidence of any wrongdoing by the Trump campaign regarding alleged collusion with Russians.  Here’s a list of some of those who fall into the “no evidence” column: “The last time we spoke, Senator, I asked you if you had actually seen evidence of collusion between the Trump campaign and the Russians, and you said to me  —   and I’m quoting you now  —   you said, ‘not at this time.’ Has anything changed since we spoke last?” asked CNN’s Wolf Blitzer, “Well, not —  no, it hasn’t,” Feinstein said. “But I just want to be precise, Senator. In all of the —  you’ve had access from the intelligence committee, from the Judiciary committee, all of the access you’ve had to very sensitive information, so far you’ve not seen any evidence of collusion, is that right?” Blitzer pressed. “Well, evidence that would establish that there’s collusion. There are all kinds of rumors around. There are newspaper stories, but that’s not necessarily evidence,” Feinstein admitted. “But just to be clear, there has been no actual evidence yet,” Sam Stein of the Huffington Post asked. “No, it has not been,” Waters said. “What I have found appalling is the number of leaks that have taken place over the last several months,” Brennan said at the SALT conference in Las Vegas, the annual gathering of   managers and other financiers. “This needs to be stopped. ” “The damage that was done is what was leaked in the aftermath, what was put in the media. The real damage to national security is the leaks,” Brennan said. Brennan said. “These individuals who still stay within the government and are leaking this stuff to the press need to be brought to task. ” “Former Director of National Intelligence James Clapper told MSNBC’S Andrea Mitchell on Friday that there could be evidence of collusion between Russia and President Donald Trump’s 2016 campaign,” CNN reported. But, “There was no evidence that rose to that level, at that time, that found its way in to the intelligence community assessment, which we had pretty high confidence in,” Clapper said of collusion between Trump campaign aides and Russians, referring also to the U. S. intelligence assessment that Russia tried to influence the presidential election in favor of Trump. “That’s not to say there wasn’t evidence, but not that met that threshold,” Clapper said. Reuters ran a story on Thursday with the headline “Exclusive: Trump campaign had at least 18 undisclosed contacts with Russians sources” But buried in the story is the real headline: “In January, the Trump White House initially denied any contacts with Russian officials during the 2016 campaign. The White House and advisers to the campaign have since confirmed four meetings between Kislyak and Trump advisers during that time. The people who described the contacts to Reuters said they had seen no evidence of wrongdoing or collusion between the campaign and Russia in the communications reviewed so far. ”",0
4011,Anonymous: America’s Last Hope-You Have Been Warned,"

 
America is at the end of her rope. Never before in the history of the country have the forces between good and evil been so clearly delineated.
There are great changes going on in America right now. They are happening so quickly that nobody can keep up with what is happening.
Disinformation abounds everywhere. War and rumors of war, all false. Coup’s and and counter coups. Much of what is written on these topics are totally false and unintelligent speculation. Later today, I am going to bring out what I have known for three days and they don’t match much of the idle speculation. Stay tuned, soon all will be revealed.
Anonymous speaks so eloquently about the choices that lie ahead for all of us. The following video should be viewed by all.
 

 
P lease Donate to The Common Sense Show 
 
PLEASE SUBSCRIBE TO OUR YOUTUBE CHANNEL AND DON’T FORGET TO “LIKE” US 

 

This is the absolute best in food storage. Dave Hodges is a satisfied customer. Don’t wait until it is too late. Click Here for more information.
 


Click here for more information 
 
The sane alternative to Facebook 
Seen.Life-The Facebook alternative- no censorship, no spying– Sign up here 
 
[/fusion_text] ",0
4012,Chicago Paper: Make All Universities ’Sanctuary Campuses’,"The Chicago   editorial board is now asking that every college and university in the state be transformed into ‘sanctuary campuses’ for shielding illegal immigrants from federal law. [In a piece, “Make colleges a sanctuary from deportation threat,” asks that every college and university in Illinois risk losing federal funding for the cause:  Universities have an obligation to stand up for their students  —   all of them. Almost all of these young people on college campuses who fear deportation were brought to this country as babies or small children. They are Americans in every way except for that official citizenship paper. They are the   Dreamers. This is their home, the only one they have ever known. To our thinking, all Illinois universities and colleges, public and private, should declare themselves places of sanctuary, just as cities such as Chicago and New York and counties such as Cook have done. They would send a signal to Trump, who campaigned on an indiscriminate promise to get tough on undocumented immigrants, that Americans are better than that  —   at least when it comes to Dreamers. The Times cited “  on immigration” who have been   Donald Trump’s leading advisors on the issue  —   Sen. Jeff Sessions ( ) Kansas Secretary of State Kris Kobach, and former Breitbart Executive Chairman Steve Bannon  —   that could become a detriment to individuals living in the country illegally. The Times’ editors also go on to make a   accusation against the forthcoming Trump administration, claiming that international students are also under threat: And it’s not just undocumented immigrants who are afraid. International students from the Middle East worry Trump’s administration will make it more difficult for them to continue studying in the U. S. They, too, want to know universities’ administrations will advocate for them. Schools should spell out policies and protections, stating them clearly to students, campus police, faculty and staff. It’s not asking too much. Trump’s longtime solution for the illegal immigration issue has been to deport criminal illegal aliens first, then focus on enforcing   so that remaining migrants must return through the country’s naturalization process. The Times thinks otherwise, requesting that illegal immigrants be allowed to not only stay in the country, but they should be given ‘sanctuary’ on every university campus in the state: Whether or not administrators label a university a “sanctuary” campus is not the central issue here. The word is largely symbolic. The American Council on Education points out that it has no clear meaning. Policy is what counts. “Sanctuary” has become an incendiary term that riles some conservatives. Sanctuary cities and counties across America have incurred the wrath of Republicans in Congress. Part of Trump’s   action plan is to eliminate all federal funding to sanctuary cities. Chicago Mayor Rahm Emanuel has vowed that Chicago will continue to be a sanctuary city despite Trump’s promise. Other cities also are refusing to back down. Universities and colleges implementing sanctuary campus policies do so at the risk of being stripped of federal funds once Trump’s administration takes control of the matter. Most recently, students at Southern Illinois University (SIU) have demanded that all illegal immigrants residing in the region be given “sanctuary” status on the campus, as Breitbart Texas reported. Students with the Graduate and Professional Student Council and the Undergraduate Student Government are demanding that university officials “begin immediately” crafting a campus policy that would offer comprehensive sanctuary to the Illinois illegal immigrant population from federal immigration laws. John Binder is a contributor for Breitbart Texas. Follow him on Twitter at @JxhnBinder.",0
4013,Obama: Men Who Don’t Vote Clinton Are SEXIST!,"0 comments 
Incredible. Just when you start to think that there is nothing more Obama could say to become more a dirt bag than he’s already proven himself to be, he goes and pulls something OFF THE CHARTS stupid! 
In his efforts to push Hillary into the White House he spoke at a recent rally for her. What he had to say, was an insult to American men. 
See for yourself! 
He says he wants to be honest? He lacks the integrity to do so. So basically when men don’t vote for Hillary, it’s not because they are intelligent enough to recognize she is a corrupt snake whose greed and hunger for money and power will leave our country hanging by a string. It’s not because they have a mind to think for themselves and decide whether she’s the person for the job or not. 
Nope…according to Obama, it’s because American men are racist. 
Infuriating..isn’t it? 
It’s just too much stupid, and we all know we shouldn’t engage with it because it will drag us down to its’ level and destroy us with experience in stupidity…but still. 
Sometimes I wish we could mute the stupid. Just long enough to regain our sanity back to endure through it. 
What an idiot.",0
4014,Plantas nómadas y robots parásito muestran cómo cambiar nuestra relación con el medio ambiente - RT,"Plantas nómadas y robots parásito muestran cómo cambiar nuestra relación con el medio ambiente Publicado: 26 oct 2016 19:58 GMT 
Un artista mexicano crea criaturas robóticas que roban energía eléctrica para hacer música y se alimentan de bacterias de ríos contaminados. El proyecto 'Plantas Nómadas' evidencia el modo en el que nos relacionamos con el medio ambiente Proyecto Plantas Nómadas Síguenos en Facebook 
Una oruga creada con tubos aparece colgada en cables de luz, hace ruido, convive con otras orugas como ella y sus cantos ""forman parte del paisaje urbano"". Una mosca vuela con vibradores de celulares y una araña de alambres y juguetes viejos toma desechos de la basura para construir nuevos seres como ella. 
Estos 'Parásitos Urbanos' creados con desechos tecnológicos pretenden hacernos reflexionar sobre las consecuencias de cómo usamos y gestionamos nuestros residuos. 
De alguna manera, explica su creador a RT , son ""organismos de vida artificial"" que surgen de la basura y vienen a la ciudad para ""parasitarla"". 
""Las preguntas que me hago tienen que ver con el impacto de la tecnología en la vida cotidiana en nuestro entorno"", dice Gilberto Esparza, artista mexicano formado en la Universidad de Guanajuato, en la región del Bajío, cruzada por el contaminado río Lerma. Plantas nómadas 
Después de los parásitos urbanos, Esparza creó otro ser, simbionte entre plantas, bacterias y una máquina, que camina solitario y lento al lado de ríos contaminados para alimentarse de ellos y limpiar el agua. 
""Utilizamos el agua como vehículo de deshechos"", afirma Esparza. 
La intervención tenía que ver con el tema del agua, y su intención era realizar una reflexión acerca de cómo convivir con el agua para revertir la contaminación. 
""Cómo hace la planta nómada para sobrevivir, entender, reconocer cuál es el entorno y aprovecharlo"", se pregunta. 
El artista explica que la planta nómada se integra al ecosistema y tiene la posibilidad de sobrevivir. Eso hace una simbiosis con su entorno. En el agua hay bacterias, las recoge y las lleva a pilas biológicas, contenedores internos, donde se desarrollan y empiezan a alimentarse. Luego invita a las bacterias que están en el agua. Las bacterias, en sus procesos metabólicos, generan electricidad. 
El agua limpia es llevada a otro contenedor dentro del robot y de ahí es tomada para hacer crecer plantas extintas en lugares contaminados. Finalmente, las plantas aportan energía al robot; esa es su estrategia para sobrevivir. Una planta nómada explora en un río contaminado. Proyecto Plantas Nómadas 
""Si lo proyectas a una ciudad, si comenzamos a cambiar nuestras estrategias, manera de relacionarnos, obviamente eso va a impactar de manera positiva en el entorno"", opina. 
""No es que su pretensión sea limpiar el río, sino que su actitud ante el río hace que el río se sane. Lo que busco con estos proyectos es reflexionar acerca de eso"", explica el artista. 
Esparza hizo un cómic en el que se ve esa etapa del robot, viviendo en el río. Al final, el agua se ve limpia y queda abierta la pregunta si fue porque los humanos lograron entender cómo relacionarse con el agua o porque se extinguió la especie de la planta nómada, que ya no tuvo de dónde alimentarse. Un parásito urbano ""interviene"" la ciudad Proyecto Parásitos Urbanos No son la solución, sino la reflexión 
La intención profunda de este trabajo con robots, explica Esparza, es entender a través de estos desarrollos que tenemos que cambiar nuestra relación con el medio ambiente en lugar de resolverlo desde la tecnología, de tal forma que los desperdicios ya no serían una basura, sino energía y materiales. 
El último proyecto de esparza se llama 'Plantas Autofotosintéticas', y pretende trasladar la idea de 'Plantas Nómadas' a una ciudad. 
La nueva planta funciona a modo de maqueta para explicar cómo podría ser a nivel sistémico el funcionamiento de una ciudad en el futuro y plantear el reciclaje de sus aguas para que tenga un consumo externo mínimo y para que se pueda autosustentar. Gilberto Esparza lleva diez años trabajando con robots para reflexionar sobre la problemática medioambiental. Plantas Nómadas 
""La verdadera forma de poder terminar con estos problemas de contaminación no es tanto generando nuevas tecnologías que hagan un parche que traten de estar limpiando lo que ensuciamos"" explica. 
Después trabajará con un instrumento sonoro con celdas microbianas con el que pretende traducir la actividad biológica electroquímica a sonidos. 
Su intención es hacer ""que suenen ríos contaminados""; después dará un disco con los resultados para que cada río se exprese. 
""El problema, y por eso no lo hemos logrado, es que nuestra lógica gira en torno a la economía y no a qué es lo que necesitamos"" opina el artista. Todo sobre este tema ",0
4015,Clinton Aide Jennifer Palmieri Blasts Trump for Being ‘Preoccupied’ with Russia,"Former Clinton aide Jennifer Palmieri has blasted President Trump for being “preoccupied” with allegations of ties between Russia and the Trump campaign and called him “obsessed” with proving he is a legitimate president. Palmieri leveled these criticisms despite her role in the Clinton team’s constant efforts to delegitimize the president by making claims about alleged Russian interference in the election. [Palmieri, who served as the communications director for the Clinton campaign, told the New York Times in a weekend article that Trump’s tweeting after his firing of FBI Director James Comey shows he is “more preoccupied” with the Russia controversy than once thought.  “What we’ve really learned is either he’s worried about Russia because he’s got a significant vulnerability or he’s worried about Russia because it undermines his electoral win,” Palmieri said. “He’s clearly been more preoccupied with it than we understood. ” Later in the article, Palmieri expressed shock about Trump’s frequent references to his   win in November. “It is remarkable,” she said. “Has there been a president ever who’s been that obsessed about proving that he’s legitimate?” Yet Palmieri’s remarks, and the Times’ reporting, ignores the role Palmieri  —   as well as others on the Clinton campaign team  —   have played in trying to delegitimize Trump’s election.  The recent book on the failed Clinton campaign, Shattered: Inside Hillary Clinton’s Doomed Campaign, documents that the narrative of how Russia was partly to blame for Clinton’s loss was formulated within 24 hours of Clinton’s concession. That narrative has been peddled by Clinton aides and media outlets ever since. Just last week, Clinton campaign chair, John Podesta, tweeted out a video claiming to “connect the dots” between Russia and Trump. Palmieri retweeted the rambling   minute video complete with meandering spider diagrams: Watch this: https:  .   —   Jennifer Palmieri (@jmpalmieri) May 12, 2017,  On Friday, the Washington Post published an   by Podesta, which called for the firing of Trump’s top aides who refuse to speak “truth to power,” and called for “a special counsel to investigate Russia’s interference in our election, possible collusion by the Trump campaign, and Trump’s ongoing attempts to interfere in the investigation. ” That   was tweeted twice by Palmieri, the second time with the caption “So good, had to retweet again. ”  In March, Palmieri wrote a piece for the Washington Post, ominously titled “The Clinton campaign warned you about Russia. But nobody listened to us”: Now that Trump is president, though, the stakes are higher, because the Russian plot succeeded. The lessons we campaign officials learned in trying to turn the Russia story against Trump can help other Democrats  (and all Americans) figure out how to treat this interference no longer as a matter of electoral politics but as the threat to the republic that it really is. At an event in New York in May, Clinton herself blamed Russia for her election woes. While saying she took responsibility for her election defeat, she then blamed that defeat on alleged Russian interference in the election, as well as Comey’s actions related to the FBI’s investigation into her private email use. “I was on the way to winning until the combination of Jim Comey’s letter on October 28 and Russian WikiLeaks raised doubts in the minds of people who were inclined to vote for me but got scared off,” she said. At that event, she also described herself as “part of the resistance”  —   not something that someone who believed the occupant of the White House is legitimate would normally say. Adam Shaw is a Politics Reporter for Breitbart News. Follow him on Twitter: @AdamShawNY.",0
4016,Trump Talk of Terror Listing for Muslim Brotherhood Alarms Some Arab Allies - The New York Times,"CAIRO  —   In Morocco, it would tip a delicate political balance. In Jordan, it could prevent American diplomats from meeting with opposition leaders. In Tunisia, it could make criminals of a political party seen as a model of democracy after the Arab Spring. Of all the initiatives of the Trump administration that have set the Arab world on edge, none has as much potential to disrupt the internal politics of American partners in the region as the proposal to criminalize the Muslim Brotherhood, the   Islamist movement with millions of followers. “The impact would be great,” said Issandr El Amrani, an analyst with the International Crisis Group based in Morocco, where a   party won the last election in October. “It could destabilize countries where   forces would be encouraged to double down. It would increase polarization. ” At issue is a proposal floated by Trump aides that the    Brotherhood be designated as a foreign terrorist entity. The scope of any designation remains unclear, but its potential reach is vast: Founded in Egypt, the Brotherhood has evolved into a loose network that spans about two dozen countries. It has officially forsworn violence. For President Trump, the designation debate is an election promise made good. He has made no bones about taking an approach to the Middle East that is narrowly focused on counterterrorism, and that plays to domestic supporters who view all Islamist movements  —   or even all Muslims  —   as potentially hostile. In much of the Middle East, though, the rapid pace and embattled rollouts of Mr. Trump’s early orders have induced anxiety. Now many are following the potential indictment of the Muslim Brotherhood as a harbinger of things to come. “The Obama administration moved us away from the ‘clash of civilizations’ narrative,” said Emad Shahin, a dissident Egyptian academic who lectures at Georgetown University. “Trump is taking us deeper into it. ” Not all are unhappy about the move to list the Brotherhood. One leader the designation would surely delight is President Abdel Fattah   of Egypt, the former general who has led a harsh crackdown on the Brotherhood since the military ousted a Brotherhood leader, Mohamed Morsi, as president in 2013. Saudi Arabia and the United Arab Emirates also would support it. But in countries where   parties are prominent in Parliament or are in power, experts say a sweeping indictment could have serious implications for domestic politics, American diplomacy and the broader fight against Islamist extremism. In Jordan, a crucial ally in the fight against jihadist groups, Islamists constitute a small but significant bloc in the Parliament. Tunisia’s Ennahda party, which has won wide praise for its democratic engagement and moderate stance since 2011, might be shunned. The prime minister of Morocco, technically, could be considered a criminal. “You would throw many babies out with the bath water,” said Gerald M. Feierstein, a former United States ambassador to Yemen, now at the Middle East Institute in Washington. The initial momentum toward such a designation appears to have slowed. A leaked assessment by the Central Intelligence Agency said isolating the Brotherhood would serve only to empower jihadist groups some experts doubt that a broad designation would pass legal muster. But the very fact that the ban is under consideration by Mr. Trump’s aides is being taken as an ominous sign in a region where religion and politics are carefully, and often precariously, balanced. The proposed designation has also reaffirmed Mr. Trump’s apparent embrace of Mr. Sisi, who has weathered a barrage of international criticism for his country’s dismal human rights record in recent years. Mr. Trump has hailed him as a “fantastic guy” with whom he shares “good chemistry. ” Since an initial meeting at the United Nations in September, the two leaders have spoken several times by phone  —   Mr. Sisi was the first foreign leader to congratulate Mr. Trump on his victory in November  —   and now a visit to Washington by Mr. Sisi is under preparation. Egypt wants the United States to resume a military financing program, frozen by President Barack Obama in 2015, that helps it make billions of dollars in purchases of   weapons like   warplanes and M1A1 Abrams tanks. More than anything, though, a handshake in the White House for Mr. Sisi would offer a stamp of legitimacy to a leader who had been kept at arm’s length by Mr. Obama. Tens of thousands of Mr. Sisi’s opponents languish in Egyptian prisons, human rights workers are routinely harassed, and his security forces have faced accusations of extrajudicial killings. To some, it suggests Mr. Trump is set to take an approach in the Middle East that will not just tolerate strongmen and monarchs but also actively seek to embrace them  —   a throwback that evokes American alignment with autocrats like the shah of Iran in decades past. “It’s easy to say you will stand by your friends,” said Mr. Feierstein at the Middle East Institute. “But authoritarian regimes are always brittle, always fragile. We thought we would stand by the shah of Iran until the day he got on an airplane and left the country. Now what do we have to show for it? We have 40 years of not being able to have a relationship with Iran. ” Brotherhood officials insist that the Trump administration has gotten it wrong. In a letter smuggled from the   Egyptian prison where he is being held, the Brotherhood spokesman Gehad   admitted that his party had made serious mistakes during its yearlong stint in power in Egypt from 2012 to 2013. Citing the “  lessons of the Arab Spring,” he said the Brotherhood had failed to heed loud opposition from millions of Egyptians who disliked Mr. Morsi’s actions. But, he insisted, the movement renounced bloodshed. “Our flaws are many,” he wrote. “Violence is not one. ” In other places, the reality can be harder to pin down. By nature secretive, the Brotherhood takes different forms around the world. In some places, its members have condoned or committed violent acts. Its Palestinian offshoot, Hamas, carries out suicide bombings in Egypt, angry young supporters have been accused of attacking Mr. Sisi’s security forces. But that does not make terrorists of the many millions of people who support the Brotherhood’s political ideology across many countries. One route for the Trump administration could be to narrowly designate specific Brotherhood branches as terrorists, said Mokhtar Awad, an expert on the group. But it would be better still, he argued, to “engage in a battle of ideas. ” The debate could prove an early lesson for the administration in doing business in the Middle East, which has long resisted   prescriptions. Unpalatable as its ideas may be to Trump officials, the Brotherhood may become just one of many factors they will be forced to grapple with. “We engage with the Brotherhood knowing they are problematic actors, but they are also a reality,” said Michael Wahid Hanna of the Century Foundation. “And the alternative  —   ignoring or repressing them  —   leads to a very bad place. ”",0
4017,25 Great Books by Refugees in America - The New York Times,"One way to regard the refugees in the news these frenzied past few days is as potential Americans, individuals and families escaping bad situations who imagine themselves building new lives here. What these particular refugees could become in this country, and how they could contribute to our society and culture, is a question stuck in suspended animation. But we do have the power to look to the past. And in the literary realm it’s unquestionable that refugees, once here, often make major contributions. Through the 20th century and into this one, those fleeing political persecution or war have produced important works that we think of now as at least partly American, from fiction about the harrowing experiences of exile and dislocation to political treatises by thinkers who want to understand why their homelands fell apart. This is a sampling of 25 of those works. Bertolt Brecht, “The Resistible Rise of Arturo Ui” (1941) Country of origin: GermanyReason for leaving: Fled Nazi Germany for Denmark in 1933, and then came to the United States in 1941 when war broke out. Brecht always intended his satire about the ruthless ascension of a Chicago mobster to be performed on an American stage. He is mocking Adolf Hitler, each dopey and villainous character having a Nazi counterpart in real life. The character of the populist bully, who has a penchant for both public speaking and private   was central in Brecht’s mind during his wartime exile. Hans Augusto Rey and Margret Rey, “Curious George” (1941) Country of origin: GermanyReason for Leaving: German Jews who escaped from their native Hamburg to Brazil and then France, only to leave again for the United States in 1940 just as the Nazis invaded. The mischievous monkey who had a canny way of getting in and out of trouble originated in the minds of Hans Augusto and Margret Rey. They conceived of the character while themselves trying to outrun the Nazis, finally escaping from France on homemade bicycles and carrying the manuscript with the first mention of George (then called “Zozo”) along with them. Karl Polanyi, “The Great Transformation” (1944) Country of origin: AustriaReason for Leaving: With Hitler’s rise, prominent socialists like Polanyi were imperiled, so he left for England in 1933 and then arrived in Vermont in 1940. After settling down to teach at Bennington College, Polanyi published his major work, which looked at how the Industrial Revolution was so disruptive that it created the conditions for both Communism and fascism. But capitalism, he argued, did not happen spontaneously. It required an enormous amount of government planning in order to function. “  was planned,” was his counterintuitive summation. Thomas Mann, “Doctor Faustus” (1947) Country of origin: GermanyReason for leaving: An opponent of Hitler’s rise, Mann left for Switzerland in 1933 and eventually emigrated to the United States in 1939. Mann, in his California exile, took the Faust legend and placed it in the context of the rise and fall of Nazi Germany. His main character, a composer, strikes a deal with a Mephistophelean figure to give him creative glory. But madness is the   which becomes an allegory for where Germany is headed. Theodor Adorno, “The Authoritarian Personality” (1950) Country of origin: GermanyReasons for leaving: After being dismissed from his teaching position in 1932 by the Nazis, Adorno left to study at Oxford and then moved to the United States in 1938. Adorno wanted to understand what kind of personality type was susceptible to fascism. He found his answer, via Freud, in a harsh parenting style that led to the kind of person who would crave the approval and guidance of an authoritarian. Hannah Arendt, “The Origins of Totalitarianism” (1951) Country of origin: GermanyReasons for leaving: In 1933, Arendt, a German Jew, left her country and eventually settled in Paris, where she helped Jewish refugees. Once the Vichy regime took over, she herself was interned as an “enemy alien,” but managed to emigrate and settle in New York in 1941. Like Adorno and the other German Jewish emigrants of her generation, Arendt was fixated on the question of why democratic institutions collapse and authoritarianism rises. In her major political work, she dissected both Nazism and Stalinism as instantiations of a new type of politics, one that utilized terror and fear to subjugate populations and gain their acquiescence. Leo Strauss, “Natural Right and History” (1953) Country of origin: GermanyReasons for leaving: Already teaching in England when the Nazis came to power, Strauss was prevented from returning and moved to the United States in 1937. In six lectures given from his perch at the University of Chicago, Strauss laid out his argument about what he saw as modernity’s nihilistic rejection of classical philosophy. The immutable truths of Plato and Aristotle needed to be appreciated again. Once we follow the thought of these ancient philosophers we will see more clearly what should distinguish right and wrong in ethics and politics. Vladimir Nabokov, “Lolita” (1955) Country of origin: RussiaReasons for leaving: Born to Russian nobility, Nabokov and his family fled the Bolshevik Revolution, living in a succession of European countries. He eventually moved to America in 1940, where he took up work as an entomologist at the Museum of Comparative Zoology at Harvard, among other jobs. In his most famous and controversial novel, Nabokov took up the story of Humbert Humbert, a man obsessed with a young girl, his nymphet, Lolita. In what is essentially the tale of a sordid road trip, Nabokov has Humbert traveling the country in possession of his illicit love interest. The book is filled with Nabokov’s own observations about an America that still felt foreign and exciting to him. Isabel Allende, “The House of the Spirits” (1982) Country of origin: ChileReasons for leaving: Allende fled to Venezuela in 1973 after the coup that brought down Salvador Allende, the socialist leader and her father’s cousin. She moved to California in the late 1980s. Drawing on the circumstances of her own exile, Allende used her debut novel to tell a multigenerational saga that takes place in an unnamed country very much like Chile. We see the destruction of democracy and the rise of a cruel dictator who tries to eliminate all opposition. “I wanted to show that life goes in a circle, events are intertwined, and that history repeats itself, there is no beginning and no end,” Allende said about her sprawling,   narrative. Czeslaw Milosz, “Bells in Winter” (1985) Country of origin: PolandReason for leaving: After surviving World War II in Poland and initially joining the postwar Communist government, Milosz defected in 1951, eventually emigrating to the United States in 1960. The Polish poet and Nobel Prize winner produced a quietly meditative work in 1985 that pointed toward the mysterious quality of existence, the inability to fully understand our own natures. “Life was impossible, but was endured,” he writes in “Recess,” capturing the exile’s lament, the alienation of deracination, of living an arm’s length away from oneself. Joseph Brodsky, “Less Than One” (1986) Country of origin: Soviet UnionReason for leaving: Put on trial and into psychiatric institutions for his dissident beliefs, Brodsky was expelled from the Soviet Union in 1972. Brodsky was interested in the poet’s role in society, and these essays, which deal with politics, literature and his own personal experience of exile, all get at this question. For him, poetry was “the most democratic art,” as he says in an essay about the West Indian poet Derek Walcott. It’s the poet’s embrace of individuality that makes him a necessary counterpoint  —   an important thorn  —   to the state. Nuruddin Farah, “Maps” (1986) Country of origin: SomaliaReasons for leaving: Exiled from Somalia in the   for writing about life under the harsh rule of the dictator Mohammed Siad Barre. In the first novel of his trilogy, “Blood in the Sun,” Farrah writes about a young man, an orphan, obsessed with his own origins. Growing up dislocated in the big city of Mogadishu and tormented by the need to avenge his father’s death, the boy reflects all the struggles of national identity in a country torn from the traditional past and thrust into a violent future. Ariel Dorfman, “Death and the Maiden” (1990) Country of origin: ChileReasons for leaving: A cultural adviser to the deposed socialist leader Salvador Allende, Dorfman was forced to flee the country in 1973. In his revenge fantasy of a play, Dorfman dramatized the confrontation between a woman who was tortured by a Latin American regime and the   thug who supposedly did the torturing. She puts him on trial through a long night. Is this really the man who tortured her with electricity to the strains of Schubert, or is she making a paranoid mistake? In this confusion lies Dorfman’s own feelings about the evasive quality of redemption. Reinaldo Arenas, “Before Night Falls” (1992) Country of origin: CubaReasons for leaving: Imprisoned for his writing, he was able to emigrate to America as part of the Mariel Boatlift in 1980. Published after his suicide in 1990, Arenas’s memoir tell his whole life story, from his impoverished youth all the way to his decision to kill himself. It’s also a tale of political disillusion and the pain of exile. Arenas was a true believer in Castro, but after being locked up for being gay he begins a process of losing more of himself, until he is left without a homeland. Cristina Garcia, “Dreaming in Cuban” (1992) Country of origin: CubaReasons for leaving: Her family was among the first wave of people to escape from Cuba in 1961 shortly after Fidel Castro took power. Garcia’s first novel looked at three generations of women exiled from Cuba, all with complex feelings about the country, from love and nostalgia to revulsion. For the daughter of a revolutionary, now living in New York, her memories are of being raped by one of Castro’s young followers. “She wants no part of Cuba,” Garcia writes of this young woman, “no part of its wretched carnival floats creaking with lies, no part of Cuba at all. ” Henry Kissinger, “Diplomacy” (1994) Country of origin: GermanyReasons for leaving: A German Jew, he fled with his family in 1938. The former secretary of state tried to sum up in this book his realist foreign policy approach, taking a historical tour from Europe in the 17th century all the way up to his years working for Presidents Nixon and Ford. Realpolitik here is the attempt to achieve stability through a careful balancing of world powers. Scarred by his own experience growing up in Nazi Germany, Kissinger has always been alive to the fragility of democracy, a feeling that has guided his approach, one that abhors idealism. Loung Ung, “First They Killed My Father” (2001) Country of origin: CambodiaReasons for leaving: Escaped from Pol Pot’s Khmer Rouge regime in 1979, ending up in Vermont. Ung’s memoir of life near the edge of the “killing fields” is a harrowing attempt at a collective document. “If you had been living in Cambodia during this period, this would be your story too,” she writes. Her father was killed, and she was starved and near death by the time she managed to enter a Vietnamese refugee camp. It’s a story that is told straightforwardly. When Ung asks her father why the Khmer Rouge are acting so violently, he answers simply, “Because they are destroyers of things. ” Madeleine Albright, “Madam Secretary” (2003) Country of origin: CzechoslovakiaReasons for leaving: Hitler’s takeover of parts of Czechoslovakia forced her family, supporters of the early Czech democrat Edvard Benes, to go into exile and finally emigrate to the United States in 1948. Albright recounts her years as secretary of state during the Clinton presidency and the unlikely path she took as a Czech refugee, whose family fled both Hitler and later Communism. She also grapples with an unexpected twist in her family story. Late in life, Albright discovered that her parents were Jewish. They had converted to Catholicism and never revealed this secret to her, or that her grandparents had perished as Jews in a Nazi concentration camp. Dinaw Mengestu, “The Beautiful Things That Heaven Bears” (2007) Country of origin: EthiopiaReasons for leaving: His family fled Ethiopia’s Communist revolution in 1980, when he was 2, and they found their way to Peoria, Ill. In his first novel, Mengestu captured the world of immigrants and refugees in Washington, D. C. as they gather at a Logan Circle grocery store and reminisce about homes they can’t go back to. “How was I supposed to live in America,” says Sepha Stephanos, the book’s protagonist and the store’s owner, “when I had never really left Ethiopia?” Ishmael Beah, “A Long Way Gone” (2007) Country of origin: Sierra LeoneReasons for leaving: Forced to become a child soldier at the age of 12, Beah eventually escaped Freetown in 1997 with the help of Unicef and ended up in New York City. Beah’s memoir offers a rare chance to see war from the eyes of a child soldier, brainwashed and kept obedient with drugs and guns. But the bleakness of this account is also tempered with the redemption that comes at the end. He gets out. And the very act of reading as he tells the story of his past is indication that a nightmare like this can end. Masha Gessen, “The Man Without a Face” (2012) Country of origin: Soviet UnionReasons for leaving: Gessen’s family was Jewish and denied religious freedom in the Soviet Union (or the right to freely emigrate). In 1981 her family was granted permission to leave. Gessen, a child of the Soviet Union, offers up a portrait of Vladimir Putin as a man formed by his many years in the K. G. B. She finds the roots of his illiberalism, his secrecy, his disregard for democratic norms. It’s an authoritarianism she fears others have been blind to, projecting onto him the leader they hope he will be. Vaddey Ratner, “In the Shadow of the Banyan” (2012) Country of origin: CambodiaReasons for leaving: Ratner and her mother escaped the Khmer Rouge regime in 1979 after enduring four years of forced labor, starvation and near execution. They immigrated to rural Missouri. Ratner’s first novel hews closely to her own traumatic biography. A child of only 5 when Pol Pot’s army began terrorizing the country, she tells the story from that perspective, focusing on both the beauty and the horror as it appears to innocent eyes hardly able to comprehend beyond the everyday sensations of panic and wonder. Gary Shteyngart, “Little Failure” (2014) Country of origin: Soviet UnionReasons for leaving: Like other Soviet Jews, Shteyngart and his family felt discriminated against in the Soviet Union and were allowed to emigrate in 1979. Shteyngart’s mother must have meant it in an endearing way when she called her son “Little Failure. ” He certainly embraced the moniker. Here the hilarious writer turns to memoir to tell his own story of arriving in America as an awkward young boy. Through the trials and tribulations of Hebrew school and the thick pot smoke of Oberlin, Shteyngart survived and has become our chronicler of   absurdity as only an immigrant with a funny name can see it. Viet Thanh Nguyen, “The Sympathizer” (2015) Country of origin: VietnamReasons for leaving: Nguyen’s family escaped Vietnam in 1975 and lived in a Pennsylvania refugee camp before settling in Harrisburg. The great contribution of Nguyen’s Pulitzer   first novel is that it introduces a Vietnamese voice into a conversation that has been  . As the narrator, annoyed that American soldiers and politicians have monopolized the story of the Vietnam War, explains, “this was the first war where the losers would write history instead of the victors. ” This novel, applying fresh eyes to a war now known only through clichés, offers that corrective. Vu Tran, “Dragonfish” (2015) Country of origin: VietnamReasons for leaving: Born in Saigon in 1975, five months after the city fell to the North Vietnamese, Tran left by boat in 1980 with his mother and sister, spending five days at sea. Tran’s novel, his first, does not engage in any nostalgia about the lost home. That place carries only memories of trauma and war. He forces his characters, including a Vietnamese woman in California who mysteriously disappears, to grapple with that past. It’s the only way to get anywhere near embracing their new American realities.",0
4018,Worried Auto Industry Braces for Change Under Trump - The New York Times,"DETROIT  —   First the Obama administration bailed out much of the American auto industry, pulling it out of a tailspin. Then it reshaped the business, with regulations and policies intended to increase fuel economy, improve safety and add jobs. Now, under   Donald J. Trump, the industry is bracing for another wholesale makeover. Perhaps no industry could be affected in more ways by the new administration than the auto business. That became all the more apparent this week, with Mr. Trump’s selection of Scott Pruitt  —   the Oklahoma attorney general who is a   skeptic and close ally of the oil and gas industry  —   to run the Environmental Protection Agency. The changes under the Trump administration could include possible tariffs that will raise prices on imported vehicles and parts, fewer subsidies for electric cars and policies that discourage automakers from moving products from American factories to Mexico. And any scaling back of   goals by the Trump administration, if Mr. Pruitt’s climate change skepticism and embrace of fossil fuels translates to policy, could also influence the types of vehicles the industry plans to build in coming years  —   and where it builds them. Bigger models like sport utility vehicles and pickup trucks are less   than cars but more profitable for automakers. And their steeper price tags can help pay for the higher labor costs of making them in the United States. In a move that underscored the new psychology since Mr. Trump’s election, Ford Motor  —   which had been a target of his criticism  —   in   decided to keep building a Lincoln S. U. V. in Kentucky rather than Mexico. And yet, for a   industry that routinely makes billion dollar bets on new factories and products, the uncertainty is unnerving. “Our membership is just perplexed right now,” said Gloria Bergquist, vice president for public affairs for the Alliance of Automobile Manufacturers, which represents a dozen carmakers, including General Motors, Ford, Volkswagen and Toyota, on safety and environmental issues. “This is all uncharted territory. ” Mr. Trump’s campaign was studded with promises that could upend the status quo, including some to relax policies intended to cut greenhouse gas emissions and to renegotiate the North American Free Trade Agreement. He has yet to detail any coming changes. But pursuing policies similar to those he promoted in his campaign could change the entire manufacturing industry by penalizing companies for investing overseas or by stifling   global trade. Mr. Trump has yet to specify changes he might make to Nafta or other industrial policies. But his cabinet appointments, particularly the selection for commerce secretary of the billionaire investor Wilbur L. Ross Jr. who has suggested that he is receptive to some of the antitrade views favored by Mr. Trump, indicate that the incoming president may take an aggressive approach to modifying trade deals and other tenets of the outgoing Obama administration. One industry analyst, Ron Harbour of the consulting firm Oliver Wyman, said many voters in Rust Belt states like Michigan and Ohio backed Mr. Trump primarily because of his promises to restore manufacturing jobs in the United States. “So there probably will be pressure to do something,” Mr. Harbour said. “And if he doesn’t do anything, they probably are not going to be too thrilled. ” Mr. Trump will inherit an auto industry that is far healthier than when President Obama took office and industry officials could push back strongly on disruptive changes. But auto executives generally support Mr. Trump’s choice of a former labor secretary in the George W. Bush administration, Elaine Chao  —   who is also the wife of the Senate majority leader, Mitch McConnell  —   to head the Transportation Department. The department oversees   and safety rules that affect the types of vehicles that automakers produce. “We all have a common interest, and that is to maximize the rate of innovation in the technologies that save lives, avoid crashes and improve fuel economy,” the auto alliance said in response to Ms. Chao’s appointment. No change would be more consequential to the auto industry than applying steep tariffs on imports from Mexico and elsewhere. Companies could be forced to radically change how and where they get commodity parts, the production of which has been migrating to   nations for decades. Consumers could see a change in the types of cars available. Despite Mr. Trump’s campaign rhetoric, the American automotive industry and auto jobs have been buoyant since the Obama administration’s bailout. Since 2010, vehicle production has doubled in the United States, and hundreds of thousands of workers have been hired. Last year, a record 17. 4 million cars and trucks were sold in the United States, and analysts forecast strong demand for several years. “You have record levels of production and record levels of demand,” said Mike Jackson of the research firm IHS Markit. “There is every reason for the industry to emphasize that it’s in a very strong position. ” Still, the industry is anticipating changes from Mr. Trump. Ford, the nation’s   automaker after General Motors, uncharacteristically made public a decision to keep production of the Lincoln S. U. V. in Kentucky, after Mr. Trump had singled out the company for its growing investments in Mexico. Ford, like G. M. Fiat Chrysler and nearly every foreign automaker, has a huge stake in protecting the interlocking network of factories and parts suppliers made possible by Nafta. Plants in Mexico are crucial to meeting surging demand for new vehicles in the United States. Beyond that, automakers have already committed big investments to new plants in Mexico to take advantage of its cheaper labor and   trade agreements. While Mr. Trump has yet to specify how he would renegotiate Nafta, his emphasis has been on increasing American jobs and discouraging automakers from using foreign plants to supply the American market. His proposal to put tariffs of as much as 35 percent on vehicles imported from Mexico has stunned auto executives who have built their business models on open borders for cars, trucks and the thousands of parts in them. “A tariff like that would be imposed on the entire auto sector, and that could have a huge impact on the U. S. economy,” said Mark Fields, chief executive of Ford. Imported vehicles are an integral part of the American market and account for more than 40 percent of its annual volume. Last year, about eight million cars, trucks and sport utilities sold in the United States were built elsewhere, primarily in Mexico, Canada, Japan and Korea. Nearly all of them enter the market free of tariffs that would increase sticker prices significantly. Increasing the price of an imported vehicle with tariffs could reduce overall vehicle sales and exert economic pressure on manufacturers as well as on freight haulers, dealerships and independent service centers. And if Mr. Trump chooses to impose tariffs on auto parts produced abroad and shipped to plants in the United States, the impact will spread further. Last year, auto parts worth $143 billion were imported into the United States, about 35 percent of them from Mexico, compared with $81 billion in parts that were exported, according to the Commerce Department. Many big suppliers, however, are global and make parts in every region of the world. The parts industry’s largest American trade group, the Motor  Equipment Manufacturers Association, said its member companies employed more than 734, 000 workers in the United States, and generated another 2. 9 million jobs in related businesses. The industry is acutely sensitive to changes in trade policies that could have a ripple effect on its ability to ship parts in and out of the country. And like automakers, parts manufacturers are anxious to know what Mr. Trump has in store for them. “Now that the election is over, we can begin to explore what to expect in the months to come,” the trade group’s president, Steve Handschuh, wrote in a letter to its members, adding that he was eager “to express our priorities” to the Trump transition team. In addition to Mr. Trump’s focus on trade issues, the industry is expecting policies that diverge from the Obama administration’s enthusiastic support of electric cars, including the $7, 500 tax credits that encouraged consumers to buy them, and for the testing and development of   vehicles. In a Nov. 10 letter to the Trump transition team, the auto alliance asked for clarity on policy changes as soon as possible. “Auto manufacturing is a highly   business, and because of that we rely on   certainty,” Ms. Bergquist wrote. Yet the industry has proved to be adaptable to shifts in government, whether by building more   vehicles to meet new regulations, or increasing investments in Mexico because of Nafta. It is also more focused on   than politics. In its   letter, the auto alliance laid out several goals  —   including repeating its position that the government   its timetable for automakers to achieve fleetwide fuel economy of 54. 5 miles a gallon. But while the letter was perceived as tailored to Mr. Trump’s agenda, Ms. Bergquist said it was composed before the election and would have been sent to an incoming Clinton administration had the outcome been different. “Our position was the same, no matter who won,” she said.",0
4019,Latest Jobs Report Masks Continuing Weakness,"Email 
The latest jobs report released by the Bureau of Labor Statistics (BLS) on Friday morning was trumpeted as reflective of an improving economy. The Wall Street Journal said the report “signal[ed] solid momentum in the labor market just days before American voters elect a new president,” while Jeffry Bartash, writing for MarketWatch, said it “shows the seven-year-old economic recovery still has plenty of life despite a slowdown in growth earlier in the year.” 
A hard look behind the headline numbers — 161,000 new jobs created in October and the unemployment rate at 4.9 percent — reveals a weak economy falling behind the numbers posted last year. First of all, that 161,000 number was below the 173,000 jobs estimated and predicted by Wall Street observers. Second, it was far below September’s jobs growth of 191,000. Third, it brought the average monthly job growth for the year to just 181,000, compared to 229,000 per month for all of 2015. 
Additional data points proved the point: Big-picture numbers showed that the number of long-term employed (those jobless for 27 weeks of more) remained unchanged at two million, while the number of people employed part time for economic reasons (which the BLS calls “involuntary part-time workers"") was also unchanged. And so was the labor force participation rate, which remains stuck at 63 percent. In other words, of those available for work, 37 percent aren’t working. 
Putting that last number in perspective, at the beginning of Obama’s first term, January 2009, just over 80 million Americans were not in the labor force. Today that number, reported by the BLS, is nearly 95 million. In other words, during the so-called “recovery” from the Great Recession, funded with massive government stimuli and bank bailouts that pushed the national debt toward $20 trillion, there are still more than 14 million people who were formerly in the labor force but who are no longer counted by the BLS. 
An even closer look reveals that, in October, 90,000 part-time jobs were created, while 103,000 full-time jobs were lost. The total number of employed people dropped by 43,000 last month while the number of unemployed people dropped even further, by 152,000. 
Taken all together, the BLS report’s headlines showed a weak economy struggling to keep up with last year. Behind those headlines, however, it shows a weak economy getting weaker. 
If Hillary Clinton wins on Tuesday, and if she is able to pass her economic agenda, the economy will be further burdened with higher taxes on the job creators, with the money spent on public works projects. On the other hand, if Trump wins, and if he is able to pass his economic agenda, tax rates will drop sharply, the Trans-Pacific Partnership will be stalled, and millions of American taxpayer dollars currently flowing to the United Nations to support its global-warming agenda will stay in Washington. 
If the American economy can be likened to a race horse increasingly weighed down with taxes, mandates, and regulations, it will stumble under Clinton but might enjoy a renaissance under Trump. 
An Ivy League graduate and former investment advisor, Bob is a regular contributor to The New American magazine and blogs frequently at LightFromTheRight.com, primarily on economics and politics. He can be reached at This email address is being protected from spambots. You need JavaScript enabled to view it. .  ",0
4020,"In the Age of ISIS, Who’s a Terrorist, and Who’s Simply Deranged? - The New York Times","WASHINGTON  —   In December 2014, a   man driving a car in Dijon, France, mowed down more than a dozen pedestrians within 30 minutes, occasionally shouting Islamic slogans from his window. The chief prosecutor in Dijon described the attacks, which left 13 injured but no one dead, as the work of a mentally unbalanced man whose motivations were vague and “hardly coherent. ” A year and a half later, after Mohamed Lahouaiej Bouhlel slaughtered dozens of people when he drove a   refrigerated truck through a Bastille Day celebration on Thursday in Nice, France, the authorities did not hesitate to call it an act of Islamic terrorism. The attacker had a record of petty crime but no obvious ties to a terrorist group, yet the French prime minister swiftly said Mr. Lahouaiej Bouhlel was “a terrorist probably linked to radical Islam one way or another. ” The age of the Islamic State, in which the tools of terrorism appear increasingly crude and haphazard, has led to a reimagining of the common notion of who is and who is not a terrorist. Instances of wanton violence by deranged attackers  —   whether in Nice or in Orlando, Fla.  —   are swiftly judged to be the work of terrorists. These judgments occur even when there is little immediate evidence that the attackers had direct ties to terrorist groups and when they do not fit a classic definition of terrorists as those who use violence to advance a political agenda. “A lot of this stuff is at the fringes of what we would historically think of as terrorism,” said Daniel Benjamin, a former State Department coordinator for counterterrorism and a professor at Dartmouth College. But, he said, “the Islamic State and jihadism has become a kind of refuge for some unstable people who are at the end of their rope and decide they can redeem their   lives” by dying in the name of a cause. Mr. Benjamin said this also led the news media and government officials to treat violence like the Nice attack differently from other mass attacks, like shootings at schools and churches that have been carried out by  . “If there is a mass killing and there is a Muslim involved, all of a sudden it is by definition terrorism,” he said. The spectrum of terrorism is widening and now includes attacks loosely inspired by the Islamic State, those carried out by its affiliate groups and attacks directed by the group’s leadership. All have drawn public condemnation and concern, but the plots organized and executed by the Islamic State usually prompt greater concern from the authorities. On Saturday, a bulletin on the Islamic State’s Amaq News Agency channel described Mr. Lahouaiej Bouhlel as a “soldier of the Islamic State” who answered a call to attack nations involved in the military campaign against the group. But the bulletin gave no specifics about the extent of the attacker’s ties to the terrorist network. On one hand, there is now good reason for government officials to make immediate assumptions after some mass killings that the Islamic State has played a role, however indirect. The group’s ideology, spread widely through social media and slick propaganda videos, appears to have inspired a scourge of violence for more than a year: including the shooting in December in San Bernardino, Calif. the mass killings last month at a gay nightclub in Orlando and the deadly attack early this month at a cafe in Bangladesh. These were in addition to attacks that top Islamic State operatives apparently planned directly, like the Paris assaults in November and the Brussels bombings in March. In September 2014, the spokesman for the Islamic State put out a call for the group’s followers to attack Westerners by any means possible, and to do so without awaiting further instructions from the group’s leaders. “Smash his head with a rock, or slaughter him with a knife, or run him over with your car, or throw him down from a high place, or choke him, or poison him,” the spokesman, Abu Muhammad   said during a   recorded statement. At the same time, governments also see a benefit in linking the Islamic State to what are sometimes random and unconnected acts of violence. It is a way to project order amid chaos, and to try to assure jittery citizens that there is a strategy to end the violence. For example, in the days since the Nice attack, French officials have pledged to increase the resources that the country is devoting to the bombing campaign against the Islamic State in Syria and Iraq. “Even if Daesh doesn’t do the organizing, Daesh inspires this terrorist spirit against which we are fighting,” the French defense minister,   Le Drian, said Saturday, using an Arabic acronym for the Islamic State, which is also known as ISIS or ISIL. Similarly, American officials have cited progress in the military campaign as a measure of success in draining the Islamic State’s power, resources and influence. Brett H. McGurk, President Obama’s special envoy in the fight against the Islamic State, recently told Congress that the group had lost 47 percent of its territory in Iraq and 20 percent in Syria: territory used to extract oil from the ground and taxes from residents, as well as to plot attacks against the West. Top representatives of nations participating in the bombing campaign will meet this week in Washington to assess the progress in the fight. But terrorism experts caution that because the Islamic State seems to have broad appeal to the mentally unbalanced, the displaced and others on the fringes of society, there are limits to how much any military campaign in Syria and Iraq can reduce violence carried out in other countries on the group’s behalf. William McCants, a scholar at the Brookings Institution and the author of “The ISIS Apocalypse,” said there was a large cadre of “men and women who have no organizational ties to ISIS but murder in its name. ” These irreligious criminals and social misfits, whom he described as “” are “rebels looking for a cause,” he said. During congressional testimony last week, Nicholas J. Rasmussen, the director of the National Counterterrorism Center, gave a sober assessment of the broad campaign against the Islamic State. “It is our judgment that ISIL’s ability to carry out terrorist attacks in Syria, Iraq and abroad has not to date been significantly diminished,” he said. “Either lone actors or small, insular groups continue to gravitate toward simple tactics that do not require advance skills or outside training,” he said. The murderous   rampage by Mr. Lahouaiej Bouhlel, 31, a Tunisian living in France, is the embodiment of this phenomenon. The authorities in France are still trying to piece together what direct ties, if any, Mr. Lahouaiej Bouhlel had to the Islamic State. On Saturday, the Islamic State’s Bayan radio station said Mr. Lahouaiej Bouhlel had used “a new tactic” to wreak havoc. “The crusader countries know that no matter how much they enforce their security measures and procedures, it will not stop the mujahedeen from striking,” the station said. Such ominous warnings about indiscriminate violence create formidable challenges for world leaders, who must strike a balance of raising awareness about the terrorist threat without gratuitously stoking fears. “As for how governments can calm their citizens, I’m at a loss,” Mr. McCants said. “Every attack is discussed endlessly on television and social media, which heightens fear of future attacks, makes citizens scared of one another” and puts pressure on governments to look tough, he said. And, he added, it “gives politicians a cudgel to club their governing opponents when they don’t react strongly enough. ”",0
4021,The Middle East Crises Trump Inherits Could Still Suck Him in,"Here's something interesting from The Unz Review... Recipient Name Recipient Email => 
‘Make America Great Again’ was the slogan of Donald Trump’s election, but the immediate impact of his victory is to make the US less of a power in the world for two reasons: American prestige and influence will be damaged by a general belief internationally that the US has just elected a dangerous buffoon as its leader. The perception is pervasive, but is not very deeply rooted and likely be temporary, stemming as it does from Trump’s demagogic rants during the election campaign. Those about relations with foreign countries were particularly vague and least likely to provide a guide to future policy. 
More damaging in the long term for America’s status as superpower is the likelihood that the US is now a more deeply divided society than ever. Trump won the election by demonising and threatening individuals and communities – Mexicans, Muslims, Latinos – and his confrontational style of politics is not going to disappear. Verbal violence produces a permanently over-heated political atmosphere in which physical violence becomes an option. At the same time, the election campaign was focused almost exclusively on American domestic politics with voters showing little interest in events abroad. This is unlikely to change. 
Governments around the world can see this for themselves, though this will not stop them badgering their diplomats in Washington and New York for an inkling as to how far Trump’s off-the-cuff remarks were more than outrageous attempts to dominate the news agenda for a few hours. Fortunately, his pronouncements were so woolly that they can be easily jettisoned between now and his inauguration. Real foreign policy positions will only emerge with the formation of a Trump cabinet when it becomes clear who will be in charge. 
But, if future policies remain unknowable, super-charged American nationalism combined with economic populism and isolationism are likely to set the general tone. Trump has invariably portrayed Americans as the victims of the foul machinations of foreign countries who previously faced no real resistance from an incompetent self-serving American elite. 
This sort of aggressive nationalism is not unique to Trump. All over the world nationalism is having a spectacular rebirth in countries from Turkey to the Philippines. It has become a successful vehicle for protest in Britain, France, Germany, Austria and Eastern Europe. Though Trump is frequently portrayed as a peculiarly American phenomenon, his populist nationalism has a striking amount in common with that of the Brexit campaigners in Britain or even the chauvinism of President Recep Tayyip Erdogan in Turkey. Much of this can be discounted as patriotic bombast, but in all cases there is a menacing undercurrent of racism and demonisation, whether it is directed against illegal immigrants in the US, asylum seekers in the Britain or Kurds in south east Turkey. 
In reality, Trump made very few proposals for radical change in US foreign policy during the election campaign, aside from saying that he would throw out the agreement with Iran on its nuclear programme – though his staff is now being much less categorical about this, saying only that the deal must be properly enforced. Nobody really knows if Trump will deal any differently from Obama with the swathe of countries between Pakistan and Nigeria where there are at least seven wars raging – Afghanistan, Iraq, Syria, Yemen, Libya, Somalia and South Sudan – as well as four serious insurgencies. 
The most serious wars in which the US is already militarily involved are in Iraq and Syria and here Trump’s comments during the campaign suggest that he will focus on destroying Isis, recognise the danger of becoming militarily over-involved and look for some sort of cooperation with Russia as the next biggest player in the conflict. This is similar to what is already happening. 
Hillary Clinton’s intentions in Syria, though never fully formulated, always sounded more interventionist than Trump’s. One of her senior advisers openly proposed giving less priority to the assault on Isis and more to getting rid of President Bashar al-Assad. To this end, a third force of pro-US militant moderates was to be raised that would fight and ultimately defeat both Isis and Assad. Probably this fantasy would never have come to pass, but the fact that it was ever given currency underlines the extent to which Clinton was at one with the most dead-in-the-water conventional wisdom of the foreign policy establishment in Washington. 
President Obama developed a much more acute sense of what the US could and could not do in the Middle East and beyond, without provoking crises exceeding its political and military strength. Its power may be less than before the failed US interventions in Iraq and Afghanistan following 9/11, but it is still far greater than any other country’s. Currently, it is the US which is successfully coordinating the offensive against Isis’s last strongholds in Mosul and Raqqa by a multitude of fractious parties in Iraq and Syria. It was never clear how seriously one should have taken Clinton’s proposals for “safe zones” and trying to fight Isis and Assad at the same time, but her judgements on events in the Middle East since the Iraq invasion of 2003 all suggested a flawed idea of what was feasible. 
Trump’s instincts generally seem less well-informed but often shrewd, and his priories have nothing to do with the Middle East. Past US leaders have felt the same way, but they usually end up by being dragged into its crises one way or other, and how they perform then becomes the test of their real quality as a leader. The region has been the political graveyard for three of the last five US presidents: Jimmy Carter was destroyed by the consequences of the Iranian revolution; Ronald Reagan was gravely weakened by the Iran-Contra scandal; and George W Bush’s years in office will be remembered chiefly for the calamities brought on by his invasion of Iraq. Barack Obama was luckier and more sensible, but he wholly underestimated the rise of Isis until it captured Mosul in 2014. (Reprinted from The Independent by permission of author or representative)",0
4022,Findings of Police Bias in Baltimore Validate What Many Have Long Felt - The New York Times,"BALTIMORE  —   As a black man and a lifelong resident of this city, Ray Kelly has been stopped by the police more times than he can count. And as a community organizer who tried to document police bias after the death of Freddie Gray, Mr. Kelly, 45, had always expected that a federal investigation would uncover a pattern of racial discrimination. Even so, the scathing report that the Justice Department unveiled here on Wednesday  —   a   indictment of how Baltimore police officers have for years violated the Constitution and federal law by systematically stopping, searching (in some cases  ) and harassing black residents  —   gave him a jolt. “Hearing the actual numbers, like on the traffic stops, is blowing my mind,” Mr. Kelly said. Release of the   report, at a packed City Hall news conference here, was another wrenching moment of   in this majority black city. Even as Mayor Stephanie   and the police commissioner, Kevin Davis, accepted the findings  —   both vowed to turn the Baltimore Police Department into a ‘‘model for the nation’’  —   there was relief, but also rage and skepticism among black residents here who wondered if anything would change. “Mere words by officials mean little when it’s people on the ground who are living with these material conditions every day,’’ said the Rev. Heber Brown III, a Baptist pastor who was among a small group of community leaders who met privately last year with Attorney General Loretta E. Lynch. “From the streets to the suites, everybody is skeptical and furious. ’’ In one stark statistic after another, the department’s report helped validate the experiences of Mr. Brown, Mr. Kelly and countless others in poor   neighborhoods who regard the police as an occupying force. Many wanted to know what took so long. “It’s like a huge taste of ‘too little, too late,’” said Brandon Scott, 32, a member of the Baltimore City Council, who said he ran for office to correct police abuses that have been going on since before he was born. In Baltimore, a city that is 63 percent black, the Justice Department found that 91 percent of those arrested on discretionary offenses like “failure to obey” or “trespassing” were  . Blacks make up 60 percent of Baltimore’s drivers but account for 82 percent of traffic stops. Of the 410 pedestrians who were stopped at least 10 times in the five and a half years of data reviewed, 95 percent were black. “Seeing it all collected and pulled together really hit me in the solar plexus,’’ said Sherrilyn Ifill, president of the NAACP Legal Defense and Educational Fund, who lived here for 15 years while teaching law at the University of Maryland. But what most infuriates her, she said, is that city leaders  —   including a series of black mayors  —   have ignored the problem for decades. “  have not been silent about this,’’ she said. “It’s so rampant, it’s so widespread, this kind of harassment of the   community in a city that’s majority   that you really have to ask yourself, Why did it take this?” The report is a first step toward a negotiated settlement, known as a consent decree, in which police training and practices will be overhauled under court supervision. The city has already entered into an ‘‘agreement in principle,’’ the mayor said, adding, “We have a very long journey ahead of us. ’’ Mr. Davis, who described himself as “very, very concerned” by the findings, said he had already fired six officers who had engaged in misconduct uncovered by Justice Department investigators. “Those who choose to wear this uniform and choose to blatantly disregard someone’s rights absolutely should be uncomfortable,” he said, “because we are not going to tolerate it. ” The report took 14 months the mayor invited the Justice Department in after the April 2015 death of Mr. Gray, a    black man who sustained a fatal spinal cord injury in police custody, set off riots. As the inquiry has progressed, she said, Baltimore has worked closely with the department to change police practices. City officials have revised 26 policies, she said, including the one governing use of force, and officials are engaged in ‘‘active discussion’’ about giving residents a role in determining how officers are punished  —   a central demand of civil rights advocates. The city has also retrofitted its transport vans  —   officials say Mr. Gray was injured while riding unbuckled in a van  —   and has begun issuing body cameras to officers. But none of the steps can substitute for the wholesale change in culture that people here agree is required. Mr. Brown could barely contain his rage as he cited one anecdote from the report  —   about a teenage boy who reported having been   in front of his girlfriend. The officer denied   the teenager during a drug arrest, and the charges were later dropped for lack of evidence. After the teenager filed a complaint, he told investigators that he was   again by the same officer who, he said, then grabbed his genitals. “What that officer did is not just violate a body, but he injured a spirit, a soul, a psyche,’’ Mr. Brown said. “And that young boy will not easily forget what happened to him, in public with his girlfriend. It’s hard to really put gravity and weight to that type of offense. ’’ Tensions over race and policing here date to at least 1980, when the N. A. A. C. P. called for a federal investigation into police brutality, and they continued with a   strategy known as “  policing,” which was singled out by the Justice Department. “People say, ‘driving while black, walking while black,’” Mr. Scott, the city councilman, said. “When you’re talking about zero tolerance, it’s breathing while black. ” Baltimore is now among nearly two dozen cities that the Obama administration has investigated after they were accused of widespread unconstitutional policing. Once Baltimore reaches a settlement, an overhaul of the Police Department will take years and will cost millions Ms.   and her aides put the price tag at $5 million to $10 million a year for five to 10 years. Jonathan Smith, a former Justice Department official who supervised a similar inquiry in Ferguson, Mo. said reports like the one issued Wednesday were a required step toward community healing. “I’ve often thought of the reports as a necessary cathartic moment, maybe an act of witness, where you give voice to people who wouldn’t otherwise have a voice,” Mr. Smith said. Mr. Kelly, the head of the No Boundaries Coalition, an advocacy group in   the West Baltimore neighborhood where Mr. Gray grew up, agreed. After Mr. Gray died, his organization convened hearings and conducted dozens of interviews for a report, “The People’s Findings,” that he submitted to the Justice Department. He was among those providing testimony. “You are just hoping that you don’t get arrested for loitering or something crazy like that, and you get 23 hours in central booking for something that never even makes it to a courtroom,” he said. “That’s been routine my whole life. I can’t remember a time when that wasn’t the way it was. ”",0
4023,Flitzer auf dem Spielfeld! Schach-WM muss kurzzeitig unterbrochen werden,"Dienstag, 15. November 2016 Flitzer auf dem Spielfeld! Schach-WM muss kurzzeitig unterbrochen werden New York (dpo) - Eklat bei der Schach-WM in New York! Die dritte Partie zwischen Titelverteidiger Magnus Carlsen und Herausforderer Sergei Karjakin musste schon nach wenigen Zügen zwischenzeitlich unterbrochen werden, weil ein Flitzer auf das Spielfeld rannte. Bei dem völlig nackten Störenfried handelte es sich offenbar um einen 43-jährigen Mann aus New York. Das Spiel zwischen dem Dänen und dem Russen begann sich nach drei Stunden und 42 Minuten gerade zu entfalten, als im Publikum plötzlich ein Mann aufsprang, sich seine Kleider vom Leib riss und auf das Spielfeld stürmte. Die Zuschauer reagierten teils empört, teils belustigt auf die unerwartete Unterbrechung. Magnus Carlsen überlegt, was er gegen den Flitzer unternehmen kann. Karjakin-Fan Elena Suchow hatte gute Sicht auf die Szene, die vom Schachverband FIDE geschickt aus der Live-Übertragung durch einen Kamerawechsel herausgeschnitten wurde: ""Er bewegte sich mal gerade, mal schräg, so dass es schwierig war, ihn matt zu setzen. Ich glaube aber, er wollte zum König von Carlsen gelangen. Ob er ihn schlagen wollte oder ob er nur ein Fan war – keine Ahnung."" Karjakin reagierte am schnellsten und versuchte, den Flitzer mit einem kurz zuvor freigespielten auf A1 stehenden Turm zu schlagen, doch da hatte sich der nackte Mann bereits mit einem beherzten Rösselsprung von Feld A5 auf C4 in Sicherheit gebracht. Minutenlang entkam der Däne den herbeigeeilten Sicherheitskräften mit teilweise irregulären Spielzügen (u.a. Flugrolle von F8 auf C7, Sprung von D4 auf F1), bevor er schließlich zu Boden gerungen und abgeführt werden konnte. Dabei fielen mehrere Spielfiguren um. Erst nach einer viertelstündigen Unterbrechung sowie einer hitzigen Diskussion, ob einer von Karjakins Bauern wirklich auf B8 gestanden habe und sofort gegen eine Dame eingetauscht werden müsse, konnte die Partie wieder aufgenommen werden. Sie endete ohne weiteren Zwischenfall in einem Remis. fed, ssi, dan; Foto [M]: Shutterstock / Duncan Yoyos , CC BY-SA 2.0 , Foto unten: Ralf Roletschek , CC BY-SA 3.0 Artikel teilen:",0
4024,Moveable Feast Cafe 2016/11/04 … Open Thread,"1591 Views November 04, 2016 60 Comments Moveable Feast Herb Swanson 
2016/11/04 02:30:02Welcome to the ‘Moveable Feast Cafe’. The ‘Moveable Feast’ is an open thread where readers can post wide ranging observations, articles, rants, off topic and have animate discussions of the issues of the day. 
The ‘Moveable Feast Cafe’ will have two new open threads each week. 
The Saker stated moderation policy will apply eg ‘no caps’, no obscenity … etc to all post. 
The Cafe is now open for business … come on in and have a good time. 
Saker Webmaster The Essential Saker: from the trenches of the emerging multipolar world $27.95",0
4025,Madeleine Albright: There Are Tears in the Eyes of the Statue of Liberty - Breitbart,"”I do think there are tears in the statue (of Liberty) at the moment” says @madeleine in response to the travel ban. https:  .  Tuesday on CNN’s “New Day,” former Secretary of State Madeleine Albright declared there were “tears in the eyes” of the Statue of Liberty with regards to President Donald Trump’s executive order restricting immigration from seven predominantly Muslim countries.  “[T]he Statue of Liberty’s message is in fact, one of open arms and welcoming people,” Albright said. “And I do think that there are tears in the eyes of the statue at the moment. And I do think that the whole aspect of this, in terms of deciding that our safety and security depends on keeping people out rather than welcoming people and understanding what this country is about. So I think it’s just flat  . ” Follow Jeff Poor on Twitter @jeff_poor",0
4026,G.M. Job Shift From Mexico Tests a Trump Premise - The New York Times,"In the realm of international trade, it is a truism seemingly as consistent as gravity: Jobs and investment flow from north to south, while manufactured goods travel the other way around. Factories in the United States and Canada shutter as work shifts to Mexico and Central America, where human hands do it more cheaply. So the established order of trade was by all appearances turned upside down on Tuesday, as General Motors agreed to cease manufacturing an automobile engine at a factory in Mexico while moving jobs to a plant in Canada. One might reflexively assume that this turn effectively validates a central promise made repeatedly by Donald J. Trump, the Republican presidential aspirant. Loudly and frequently, Mr. Trump has vowed to yank jobs back to America from Mexico, using shame, executive fiat and his uniquely Trumpian form of threats to make it happen. Here was apparent proof that such a goal was doable. Except life turns out to be more complicated than that. The General Motors deal does indeed signal that work can today wind up transferred seemingly anywhere  —   never mind the   pathway of north to south. In an era of increasingly sophisticated manufacturing that relies more on computers and robotics than   hands, centers of innovation like Canada and the United States will exert a greater pull than before. This plays well to Mr. Trump’s premise that a robust era of American job growth awaits, if only the nation selects a president with the audacity to set aside the niceties of trade agreements and begin acting like a   superpower, dictating the terms of commerce. And it speaks to one group of voters that has embraced him  —   dispossessed factory workers prone to blaming globalization for lost jobs, declining wages and financial anxiety. But consider this deal more of a caveat added to the dominant narrative than some revolutionary twist to the story of globalization. “You can bring some jobs back, but they will likely be more of a drip than a big flow,” said Jared Bernstein, a former White House economic adviser in the Obama administration, and now a senior fellow at the Center on Budget and Policy Priorities in Washington. “Trump has a very nostalgic view of globalization, circa 1950. ” “Broadly speaking, the trends that have hurt communities here in terms of trade and trade deficits are very much ongoing, and if that gets turned around, it’s not going to be about bringing all the old jobs back,” he said. “It’s going to be about forging new sectors like advanced manufacturing. ” Which is to say, sectors where a handful of highly skilled people with degrees and technical prowess earn a good deal of money. And   workers  —   the ones who lost jobs to China and Mexico and are now embracing Mr. Trump  —   continue to be left behind. Far from representing a reversal of course, the G. M. deal then underscores how multinationals are   their approach to making things. They are increasingly differentiating between more   manufacturing  —   tasks like stitching bluejeans and snapping together cellphone cases  —   and more advanced,   pursuits that rely on automation and software. Given that     products fetch a higher price, it is presumably worth paying a premium to the limited numbers of humans involved in their creation  —   and especially since this buys proximity to the minds that dream up lucrative new visions. The Canadian plant getting the jobs sits near Waterloo, the birthplace of the BlackBerry, which is something like Canada’s Silicon Valley. The union in Canada won something    —   jobs retrieved from Mexico. But it also relented on a major objective sought by G. M.: Workers gave up the fight to retain   pensions that pay out fixed amounts. They accepted newfangled plans that see benefits fluctuate with the markets. Far from proof that Canadian workers have somehow recaptured the upper hand in jockeying for the spoils of globalization, this deal is just the latest evidence that companies have effectively used international factories to permanently tilt the power dynamics in their favor. For decades, global automakers have been on the march for lower costs. In the United States, they shifted factories from union strongholds like Michigan and Wisconsin to Southern states like South Carolina and Alabama, where union ranks were weak and local rules limited labor organizing. Then, they kept moving south, to Mexico, exploiting a series of trade deals  —   not least the North American Free Trade Agreement. A quarter century ago, the   presidential candidate, Ross Perot, spoke of a “giant sucking sound” in warning that factory work was being vacuumed up by Mexico, with American communities abandoned. For workers in Canada and Mexico, the impacts were evident. They had to satisfy the demands of auto manufacturers locked in an increasingly global competition. They had to make concessions. Otherwise, the car companies could employ their demonstrated power to leave them behind, moving the work to places where labor was cheaper and more pliable. The G. M. deal affirms this reality. Labor paid a price for gaining jobs in Canada  —   downgraded retirement. Above all, the deal underscores the potency of markets in shaping what happens in commercial life, a force far more powerful than demagogues making dubious promises about tearing up trade deals. Canada’s unions are relatively strong, and the nation’s currency is relatively weak, making   goods cheaper in the global marketplace. G. M. was willing to pay for access to highly skilled working hands, provided it got a break on its pension contributions. These factors coalesced into a negotiated result. The jobs did not come back to Canada because of the sort of edict Mr. Trump has promised to unleash, somehow compelling global companies to stop making things in Mexico and resume making them in the United States. “The central Trump fallacy here is that the president can tell multinational companies what to do,” said Mr. Bernstein, the former Obama administration economic adviser. “That’s completely wrong, I’ve seen that firsthand. President Obama was constantly exhorting companies to create more jobs, and they’ll only do so if they want to,” he added. “Simply calling multinational C. E. O.s from the Oval Office and yelling at them isn’t going to do anything. ” If Mr. Trump really did seek to dictate to General Motors (or any company) where it can make its wares, that would risk undermining the company’s competitiveness. If, under threat of political action, a company had to buy steel from an American producer instead of China, that could make its cars more expensive than competing models from Honda or Hyundai. If they had to use American workers for final assembly instead of Mexicans, that could damage their business and undercut sales for many suppliers, from glassmakers in Ohio to auto parts manufacturers in Indiana. “Then,” said Chad P. Bown, a senior fellow at the Peterson Institute for International Economics in Washington, “those jobs that came back from Mexico aren’t going to be any jobs at all. ”",0
4027,5 best fictional news stories on demonetization woes to be selected for Sahitya Acedemy Award,"5 best fictional news stories on demonetization woes to be selected for Sahitya Acedemy Award Posted on Tweet (Image via intoday.in) 
Sahitya Academy has decided to award 5 writers with a cash prize of 1 lakh rupees and a plaque each for their outstanding articles about the struggles of Indian citizens against the backdrop of a wicked demonetization. The cash prize will be transferred to their accounts to avoid any inconvenience. 
Soon after the news of demonetization broke, thousands of people thronged ATMs in various cities to withdraw cash, and an equal number of articles, depicting their ordeal, were published on select media outlets. Talented writers across the nation gave wings to their imagination and produced heart-wrenching stories of middle and lower middle class families during an emergency-like situation inflicted on them by a fascist government. 
Experts believe the decision of Sahitya Academy, to encourage budding writers in their creative pursuits, is a move in the right direction to revive literary fiction in India. 
We had a chance to interact with one of the writers whose story has been shortlisted by the committee, and we asked him about his story. 
“It’s a murder mystery,” he replied nonchalantly, “The story is about a man who kills someone at the ATM for 2500 rupees.” 
“Wow, that’s something different from what we have read so far. Can you reveal some of the details?” we asked. 
“Ok, see this story is about a man who has to pay his rent on 14th…” 
“But isn’t he already too late?” 
“He pays his rent on 14th. Do you have any problem with that? Now don’t interrupt me when I am narrating the story. So, he has to pay a rent of 5000 rupees, and at the same time Modi bans all 500 and 1000 rupee notes…” 
“But Modi announced this on 8th and he pays his rent on 14th. So he had 7 days to withdraw the cash.” 
“He was out of station.” 
“But there are ATMs in other…ok, please continue.” 
“So, he logs into his account to transfer the fund to his landlord’s account, but he cannot remember his password because of the situation created by Modi. He clicks forgot password option but his mobile runs out of battery.” 
“Wow, that’s interesting.” 
We grabbed a handful of popcorn as the story took an interesting twist. 
“He rushes to the nearest ATM and withdraws 2500 rupees, but he needs another 2500,” he paused for dramatic effect and said, “He kills a man standing in the queue.” 
“In front of so many people! Cannot they see him?” 
“No, because he is wearing a mask. Now he enters the ATM again and withdraws another 2500 rupees.” 
“But PIN…” 
“Haha, the PIN is his year of birth.” 
“You mean the murderer’s or the victim’s?” 
“The victim’s of course because that’s his card.” 
“Oh ok, but how did the murderer know his year of birth.” 
“Because in the same year Sachin Tendulkar made his international debut. Got it?” 
“Umm, ok. But don’t you think he could just kill the landlord instead of killing a random person?” 
“No, because he is getting married to his landlord’s daughter.” 
“Ok so, how is this murder solved?” 
“Ok so, here’s how it goes. No one knows who did it. Police is clueless…but the ATM card is not.” 
“Oh…my…God, we completely forgot about the ATM card.” 
“Yes, now the card takes revenge on behalf of its owner.” 
“Like how the dog did in Teri Meherbaniyan?” 
“Kind of, but the dog in Teri Meherbaniyan addresses the issue in an aggressive manner but the ATM card in my story opts for a subtle approach. The card has a camera on it and it clicks photographs of the killer, which it later sends to the police.” 
“How…I mean, ok. So, does he get caught in the end?” 
“For that you have to read the entire story.” 
“Is there anything left?” 
“Yes the final paragraph. So what do you think?” 
“Brilliant! No wonder they selected your story. I mean, we got to know about Sahitya Academy Award only last year when a few recipients returned…but I am sure, it’s a huge recognition.” 
“Do you think I have a chance of winning it?” 
“Absolutely. Keep up the good work. Bharat tere tukde honge ,” we concluded the interview on a happy note.",0
4028,Election Day: Painful Choices,"Email 
Let's talk sense about the election. Nothing is to be gained by refusing to face the hard facts. What are those facts? 
First of all, neither Hillary Clinton nor Donald Trump has the qualifications, the track record or the personal character to be President of the United States. 
Most of us could probably think of a number of people who would be better in the White House. But here, as elsewhere in life, we can only make our choices among the alternatives actually available. 
Those of us who have been disgusted by some of the things that Donald Trump has said and done need to face the fact that he is not running against Mother Teresa. His sins have been matched and exceeded by Hillary Clinton and her husband. 
As for accomplishments, Trump has none in politics, and business accomplishments do not automatically transfer into government. 
Hillary Clinton has been in politics for decades. But does she have even a single serious accomplishment to show for it? In the Senate, she accomplished nothing, and as Secretary of State far worse than nothing. 
Secretary Clinton carried out the foreign policy that destroyed two governments of countries which posed no threat whatever to America or to American interests in the Middle East. Each country is now moving in the direction of one of our two most dangerous enemies, Iran and Russia. 
Egypt is now planning joint military exercises with Russian forces. Libya has already seen the rise of Islamic terrorists who killed the American ambassador whom the Clinton State Department refused to provide the security he asked for repeatedly. 
So much for track records. As for personal character, would you want either of them living next door to your family? 
Donald Trump seems to think that it is OK for the government to seize someone else's home and turn the property over to him, so that he can build something — without having to pay what it would cost him to buy the home. We can't even discuss what he has said about women in a family newspaper. Add an almost childish egomania and you have a 70-year-old adolescent. 
Hillary Clinton is fundamentally very similar. But, having spent decades in the political limelight, she is far more experienced at concealing her ruthless and cunning contempt for anything and anybody that gets in the way of her personal enrichment and power. That includes contempt for the law. 
Long before her e-mails became an issue, Mrs. Clinton was evading subpoenas for records she had somehow ""lost"" in the White House when she was first lady. Both she and her husband perfected the tactic of stalling and stalling, until enough time had passed that they could say that an issue was now ""old news"" and that it was time to ""move on."" 
The issue before the voters, however, is not which of the two is the worse person. The issue is which is more dangerous to the future of America. Nor is this just a question of what will happen in the next four years. 
Whoever becomes President of the United States can appoint Supreme Court justices able to destroy the Constitution by ""interpreting"" its protections of freedom out of existence — not just for the next four years, but thereafter. 
Hillary Clinton is already on record as wanting a Supreme Court that will overturn recent decisions protecting free speech and upholding the right to bear arms. Everything in her past shows a contempt for law that makes her a very credible threat to dismantle the Constitution, whenever it gets in the way of her agenda. 
All it takes is a Senate controlled by fellow Democrats to let a President Clinton's judicial nominees be confirmed automatically, no matter how little regard for the Constitution those nominees have demonstrated. 
Donald Trump shows no such ideological agenda and has no such automatic support from Congressional Republicans as to have them rubber stamp either his judicial nominees or whatever other agenda he has. More than that, Trump can be impeached if he oversteps the bounds, without either the Republicans or the media screaming loud protests. 
Trump seems to pose much less danger — which, unfortunately, is the most we can expect this particular election year. 

Thomas Sowell is a senior fellow at the Hoover Institution, Stanford University, Stanford, CA 94305. His website is www.tsowell.com. To find out more about Thomas Sowell and read features by other Creators Syndicate columnists and cartoonists, visit the Creators Syndicate webpage at www.creators.com . 
COPYRIGHT 2016 CREATORS.COM Please review our Comment Policy before posting a comment 
Thank you for joining the discussion at The New American. We value our readers and encourage their participation, but in order to ensure a positive experience for our readership, we have a few guidelines for commenting on articles. If your post does not follow our policy, it will be deleted. 
No profanity, racial slurs, direct threats, or threatening language. 
No product advertisements. 
Please post comments in English. 
Please keep your comments on topic with the article. If you wish to comment on another subject, you may search for a relevant article and join or start a discussion there.",0
4029,Life: 5 Times Neil DeGrasse Tyson Threatened Someone With Halley’s Comet,"The king of scientific takedowns, NDT doesn’t mess around. 1. When he took down a climate-change denier on Twitter. 2. When he was a guest on The Late Show With Stephen Colbert and claimed, “Creationists have a right to their beliefs, and I have a right to my belief that the most famous comet of all time is coming to send them all to early graves. Get ready for a peer-reviewed ass clobbering at the hands of frozen ice and rock.” 3. The time he went on a Twitter rant about Donald Trump. 4. The time a guy was blocking his driveway. 5.The time someone called him ugly. 
Holy crap! Looks like when Neil gets pissed, he gets REALLY pissed. We love you, Neil, but please keep Halley’s Comet up in space where it belongs.",0
4030,Stanford Rape Survivor Pens Moving Essay About Life After the Trial,"Stanford Rape Survivor Pens Moving Essay About Life After the Trial Posted on Nov 1, 2016 
By Kali Holloway / AlterNet Valeri Pizhanski / CC BY-NC-ND 2.0 
It is impossible to fully express the devastation of sexual assault in words. But for millions who read the “victim impact statement” written by Emily Doe, the pseudonym used by the 23-year-old woman at the center of the Stanford rape case, the letter was a powerful recounting of the pain, anguish, anger, sadness, and strength of a rape survivor. Doe’s message went viral; as Glamour magazine notes, four days after it was publicly released it “had been viewed 11 million times; it was read aloud on CNN and the floor of Congress.” 
Brock Turner, Doe’s attacker, was sentenced to a mere six months in jail. He ultimately served just three. The glaring injustice in the case, as in so many cases of rape and sexual assault, made Doe’s words resound even more loudly. Citing the importance of her message, Glamour magazine named Doe a Woman of the Year, and published her incredibly powerful followup essay. 
“From the beginning, I was told I was a best-case scenario,” Doe writes. “I had forensic evidence, sober un­biased witnesses, a slurred voice mail, police at the scene. I had everything, and I was still told it was not a slam dunk. I thought, if this is what having it good looks like, what other hells are survivors living? I’m barely getting through this but I am being told I’m the lucky one, some sort of VIP. It was like being checked into a hotel room for a year with stained sheets, rancid water, and a bucket with an attendant saying, No this is great! Most rooms don’t even have a bucket.” 
Despite all that, Turner would receive a slap on the wrist. Doe writes of how stunned she was by the leniency Judge Aaron Persky showed the rapist. 
Advertisement Square, Site wide 
“[W]hen it was quickly announced that he’d be receiving six months, I was struck silent. Immediately I felt embarrassed for trying, for being led to believe I had any influence. The violation of my body and my being added up to a few months out of his summer. The judge would release him back to his life, back to the 40 people who had written him letters from Ohio. I began to panic; I thought, this can’t be the best-case ­scenario. If this case was meant to set the bar, the bar had been set on the floor.” 
Just one day after the sentencing, Doe was contacted by Buzzfeed with a request to publish her statement. She agreed. Doe could not have expected the overwhelming response; she received an outpouring of thanks from people around the world who were moved by her words. 
“I started getting e-mails forwarded to me from Botswana to Ireland to India,” Doe writes. “I received watercolor paintings of lighthouses and bicycle earrings. A woman who plucked a picture of her young daughter from the inside of her cubicle wrote, This is who you’re saving. ” 
She goes on to point out that blaming victims—suggesting women should get better at avoiding being raped, instead of telling rapists not to rape—is not a real solution. Dismantling rape culture starts with recognizing that rapists are responsible for rape, and demanding justice for survivors. 
“If you think the answer is that women need to be more sober, more civil, more upright, that girls must be better at exercising fear, must wear more layers with eyes open wider, we will go nowhere.” Doe writes. “When Judge Aaron Persky mutes the word justice, when Brock Turner serves one month for every felony, we go nowhere. When we all make it a priority to avoid harming or violating another human being, and when we hold accountable those who do, when the campaign to recall this judge declares that survivors deserve better, then we are going somewhere.” 
The entire essay, which can be found on the Glamour site , is well worth a read. As the outlet notes, you can support the campaign to recall Judge Aaron Persky by visiting recallaaronpersky.com .",0
4031,"57 Years Later, Even the Library Had Stopped Counting the Fines - The New York Times","In her   apartment on the East Side of Manhattan, on a recent Saturday afternoon, Barbara Roston was busy explaining that she was definitely not a thief. “It was a youthful indiscretion,” she said, “I didn’t mean to steal it. ” And yet, there it was, sitting on her desk: A faded green copy of “Gone With the Wind,” by Margaret Mitchell, that belonged to the Brooklyn Public Library. It was 57 years overdue. In her retirement, Ms. Roston, 72, decided to reread the book, which she had kept on her bookshelf for years, when she noticed the library’s markings. On the last page, stuck to the paper pocket, was a sticker explaining the library’s policy: “Give your NEIGHBOR a chance to borrow this book. Return it on or before DUE DATE SHOWN ABOVE. The fee is 5¢ per calendar day for each book kept overdue. ” This volume was due back on Nov. 18, 1959. After 20, 842 days since, Ms. Roston would owe the library $1, 042. 10. Ms. Roston, a Brooklyn native, checked out the book when she was 15. At the time she was a sales audit clerk at Macy’s, making $1 an hour. Since then, she has lived in Massachusetts and Illinois, was married (her first wedding dance was to “Tara’s Theme” from the film version of “Gone With the Wind”) raised four children and got divorced. All the while, the book had been with her. Until that Saturday this month, when she returned it. Ms. Roston is hardly the first New Yorker to have a really, really overdue book. In 2013, a guide to divorce was returned to the New York Public Library 36 years late. That same year, the New York library system received a copy of “The Fire of Francis Xavier,” which had been checked out in 1958. Today, the Brooklyn Public Library charges 15 cents for each day that a piece of print material is overdue. After a patron racks up a $25 balance, and after 60 days, the library may report the borrower to a collections agency. The Crown Heights branch of the Brooklyn Public Library is a squat building topped with a large clock on New York Avenue. When Ms. Roston entered, she grabbed the nearest librarian and began whispering. She slowly pulled the book out of a tote bag. What followed was a lot of hushed giggling. “Oh, wow, this looks like, from a really long time ago,” said Stefanie Sinn, a children’s librarian. “This is, like, a relic. ” “Well, I’m kind of a relic, too,” Ms. Roston said. The book was quickly shuttled to circulation. “We have a return, from the ’50s,” Ms. Sinn said. Fortunately for Ms. Roston, the book was not registered in the library’s computer system, so she did not have to pay a late fee. “I’ve seen books returned late, but never one this old,” said Lisa Rosenblum, the chief librarian of the Brooklyn Public Library, who later said she was delighted to have the book back in the library, “for its geeky, historical perspective. ” “I showed my younger colleagues how you used to have to stamp a card, and what an accession number is,” she said. “They just looked at me blankly. ” For her part, Ms. Roston made a $50 donation to the library. But the book will not be joining the library’s 59 other “Gone With the Wind” copies. It’s too old and fragile. Instead, the library plans to put it on display, Ms. Rosenblum said. “It’s a great reminder that it’s always important to return your books,” she said. “Even 60 years late. ”",0
4032,North Carolina G.O.P. Building Is Firebombed - The New York Times,"A firebomb tore through the Republican Party headquarters in North Carolina’s Orange County on Saturday night, and graffiti warning its members to flee town was painted on the walls of a neighboring building, the party and police officials said on Sunday. The party posted images on Twitter of the damaged building in Hillsborough, N. C. on Sunday afternoon that showed blackened walls, charred couches and burned campaign signs for Donald J. Trump and several local candidates. A window was broken, and a swastika was   nearby alongside the words “Nazi Republicans leave town or else. ” The bombing occurred at a tense moment in American politics, just three weeks from Election Day and near the end of a divisive presidential campaign that has seen deepening hostility and suspicions between supporters of Hillary Clinton and those of Mr. Trump, who has repeatedly said that he believes the vote will be “rigged” against him. On Sunday, the Hillsborough police said the fire had been caused by a firebomb thrown through a window of the office, which is in a shopping center about 14 miles outside Durham. The damage was not noticed until Sunday, when a business owner called the authorities around 9 a. m. the police said. Gov. Pat McCrory said in a statement that no one had been injured. “This highly disturbing act goes far beyond vandalizing property it willfully threatens our community’s safety via fire, and its hateful message undermines decency, respect and integrity in civic participation,” Mayor Tom Stevens of Hillsborough said in a statement. “Our law enforcement officials are responding quickly and thoroughly to investigate this reprehensible act and prosecute the perpetrators. ” The Hillsborough police said they were investigating the attack along with the federal Bureau of Alcohol, Tobacco, Firearms and Explosives. In a statement to The Charlotte Observer, Dallas Woodhouse, the executive director of the state Republican Party, called the bombing “political terrorism. ” “The office itself is a total loss,” he said. “The only thing important to us is that nobody was killed, and they very well could have been. ” “Whether you are Republican, Democrat or independent, all Americans should be outraged by this   and violent attack against our democracy,” he added. “Everyone in this country should be free to express their political viewpoints without fear for their own safety. ” Mr. McCrory, a Republican, condemned the bombing as “an attack on our democracy. ” “Violence has no place in our society  —   but especially in our elections,” he said in his statement. “Fortunately no one was injured however, I will use every resource as governor to assist local authorities in this investigation. ”",0
4033,Two Die in Separate Cases of Falling From Buildings in Brooklyn - The New York Times,"A    man died at an apartment party on early Saturday morning in Brooklyn after falling through a screen window on the building’s fourth floor, the police said. It was the second falling death of the night in Brooklyn. Earlier, a    boy died and another boy was injured after falling from the rooftop of a building nearby in Bushwick. The police said the two boys may have been trying to jump from one building to another. The    man, Wyatt Tyler, had fallen after leaning against the screen window in an apartment on Metropolitan Avenue between Olive and Catherine Streets in the East Williamsburg neighborhood, officials said. He lived nearby on the same street. The police said they received a 911 call around 2:30 a. m. and arrived to find Mr. Tyler unconscious and unresponsive on the street. Emergency medical technicians took him to Woodhull Medical Center, where he was pronounced dead. The falling death involving the teenager happened around 5:30 p. m. on Friday at 57 Grove Street, a multistory building about two miles away near Bushwick Avenue, the police said. The boys were found in the back of the building. The police previously reported the episode happened around 4:30 p. m. The police said one of the teenagers was unconscious and had severe trauma to his head and body. The other was semiconscious and had injuries to his pelvis. The first boy was pronounced dead at Kings County Hospital Center, and the other was conscious and alert, the police said. Their names were not immediately made available. In January last year, a    girl died after she tried to jump from one rooftop to another in Midtown Manhattan and fell five stories, the police said.",0
4034,President Obama leaves behind a deplorable civil liberties legacy,"VIDEOS President Obama leaves behind a deplorable civil liberties legacy An article published yesterday highlighted some of the extremely illiberal policies perpetrated by so-called “liberal” champion, Barack Obama By Michael Krieger - Tuesday, November 15, 2016 8:48 AM EST 
More disappointing than the Obama administration itself (which was very disappointing), were the seemingly endless hordes of fake liberals constantly justifying and making excuses for his well documented litany of civil liberties abuses. Naturally, I likewise expect countless Trump supporters to instinctively make similar excuses for Trump if he should end up naming former Goldman Sachs Partner, and overall finance miscreant , Steve Mnuchin as Treasury Secretary. This is a huge part of our problem as a nation. Rather than having well defined principles and defending them, we tend to pick personalities we like and then cheer them on as uncritically as our favorite sports teams. 
Moving along, a New York Times article published yesterday highlighted some of the extremely illiberal policies perpetrated by so-called “liberal” champion, Barack Obama. 
Here are a few key excerpts: Over and over, Mr. Obama has imposed limits on his use of such powers but has not closed the door on them — a flexible approach premised on the idea that he and his successors could be trusted to use them prudently. Mr. Trump can now sweep away those limits and open the throttle on policies that Mr. Obama endorsed as lawful and legitimate for sparing use, like targeted killings in drone strikes and the use of indefinite detention and military tribunals for terrorism suspects. And even in areas where Mr. Obama tried to terminate policies from the George W. Bush era — like torture and the detention of Americans and other people arrested on domestic soil as “enemy combatants” — his administration fought in court to prevent any ruling that the defunct practices had been illegal. The absence of a definitive repudiation could make it easier for Trump administration lawyers to revive the policies by invoking the same sweeping theories of executive power that were the basis for them in the Bush years. Two decisions by Mr. Obama in 2009 set the tone for his leave-it-on-the-table approach. They involved whether to keep indefinite wartime detentions without trial and to continue using military commission prosecutions — if not at the Guantánamo prison, which he had resolved to close, then at a replacement wartime prison. Told that several dozen detainees could not be tried for any crime but would be particularly risky to release, and that a handful might be prosecutable only under the looser rules governing evidence in a military commission, Mr. Obama decided that the responsible policy was to keep both the tribunals and the indefinite detentions available. The president refused to use either power on newly captured terrorism suspects, instead prosecuting them in civilian court. But by leaving the options open, he helped normalize them and left them on a firmer legal basis . Mr. Obama followed a similar course with several national security practices that became controversial during his first term. After his use of drones to kill terrorism suspects away from war zones led to mounting concerns over civilian casualties and other matters, he issued a “ presidential policy guidance ” in May 2013 that set stricter limits. They included a requirement that the target pose a threat to Americans — not just to American interests — and that there would be near certainty of no bystander deaths. But the Obama administration also successfully fought in court to establish that judges would not review the legality of such killing operations, even if an American citizen was the target. Mr. Trump — who has said he would “bomb the hell out of ISIS,” beyond what Mr. Obama is doing, and go after civilian relatives of terrorists, prevailing over any military commanders who balked — could scrap the internal limits while invoking those precedents to shield his acts from judicial review. Similarly, after a surge of criminal prosecutions against people who leaked secret information to the news media and bipartisan outrage at aggressive investigative tactics targeting journalists, the Obama Justice Department issued new guidelines for leak investigations intended to make it harder for investigators to subpoena reporters’ testimony or phone records. It also decided not to force a reporter for The New York Times to testify in a leak trial or face prison for contempt. But the Obama administration also successfully fought in court to establish that the First Amendment offers no protection to journalists whom the executive branch chooses to subpoena to testify against confidential sources. Mr. Trump, who has proposed changing libel laws to make it easier to sue news organizations, could abandon the Obama-era internal restraints and invoke the Obama-era court precedent to adopt more aggressive policies in leak investigations. Well done Obama.",0
4035,"Электронные письма Хиллари Клинтон и Братья-мусульмане, Тьерри Мейсан","Электронные письма Хиллари Клинтон и Братья-мусульмане Тьерри Мейсан Расследование ФБР по делу об электронных письмах Хилари Клинтон не связано с пренебрежением ею правил сохранения гостайны. Цель этой операции состоит в том, чтобы найти и удалить оставшиеся на федеральных серверах следы её частной переписки, которая может служить доказательством нецелевых расходов государственных средств и коррупции, а также связи супругов Клинтонов с Братьями-мусульманами и джихадистами.
Сеть Вольтер | Дамаск (Сирия) | 1 ноября 2016 ελληνικά English Español français Türkçe Deutsch Хилари Клинтон и глава её кабинета Хума Абедин Расследование ФБР по делу о частной переписке Хилари Клинтон не связано с подозрениями в разглашении гостайны в частной переписке, истинная цель состоит в расследовании махинаций, доходящих до предательства.
Вместо использования безопасного федерального сервера госсекретарь установила в своём доме персональный сервер, позволяющий с помощью интернета избежать государственного контроля. Частный техник очистил сервер г-жи Клинтон до вмешательства ФБР, так что теперь невозможно узнать, зачем ей понадобился частный сервер.
Поначалу ФБР считало, что частный сервер был в меньшей степени защищён по сравнению с государственным. То есть вина г-жи Клинтон состоит лишь в нарушении требований по сохранению гостайны. Однако впоследствии ФБР добралось до компьютера бывшего члена Конгресса Энтони Вайнера. Последний является бывшим супругом Хумы Абедин, главы кабинета Клинтон. На его компьютере электронные письма бывшего госсекретаря не были удалены.
Энтони Вайнер - еврейский политик, близкий к семье Клинтонов, намеревавшийся в своё время занять пост мэра Нью-Йорка. В связи с чисто пуританским скандалом, связанным с тем, что он посылал женщинам эротические СМС, он вынужден был уйти из политики. Хума Абедин после этого официально развелась с ним, но на деле с ним не рассталась.
Хума Абедин выросла в Саудовской Аравии. Её отец возглавлял академический журнал, а сама она в течение нескольких лет работала в нём секретарём редакции, выражавшей идеи Братьев-мусульман. Её мать возглавляет саудовскую ассоциацию «Сёстры Братьев-мусульман», а ранее работала вместе с супругой египетского президента Мохамеда Морси. Её отец Хассан связан с шейхом Юсуфом аль-Карадави, духовным лидером Братьев-мусульман и духовным наставником Аль-Джазиры.
Во время официального визита в Саудовскую Аравию госсекретарь Хилари Клинтон посещает колледж Дар ал-Хекма в сопровождении Салехи Абедин (мать главы её кабинета), председателя ассоциации «Сёстра Братьев-мусульман». Сегодня Хума Абедин является центральной фигурой избирательного штаба Клинтон, наряду с председателем избирательного штаба Джоном Подестой, бывшим главой администрации при президенте Билле Клинтоне. Подеста, между прочим, является лоббистом при Конгрессе США от Саудовской Аравии, за что ему ежемесячно выплачивается скромненькая сумма в 200 000 долларов. 12 июня 2016 г. официальное агентство Иордании Petra опубликовало интервью с наследным принцем Аравии Мохамедом Бен Салманом, рассказавшем о прогрессивных взглядах королевской семьи, которая нелегально в размере 20% финансировала избирательную кампанию Хилари Клинтон несмотря на то, что она женщина. Правда, на следующий день агентство аннулировало эту информацию, заявив, что сайт был взломан.
Согласно сообщению от 12 июня 2016 г. официального иорданского агентства Petra саудовская королевская семья незаконно финансировала избирательную кампанию Хилари Клинтон в размере 20%. Г-жа Абедин не единственная в администрации Обамы, кто связан с Братьями-мусульманами. Сводный брат президента Абонго Малик Обама является казначеем организации «Миссионерская работа Братьев-мусульман в Судане», входящей в фонд Барака Обамы. Он непосредственно подчинён президенту Судана Омару аль-Баширу. Один из Братьев-мусульман является членом Совета национальной безопасности – высшего органа исполнительной власти в США. С 2009 по 2012 г. г. таковым был Мехли Алхасани. Неизвестно, кто стал его преемником, но Белый дом отрицал, что кто-то из Братьев-мусульман входит в состав Совета, пока не появились свидетельства. Так, например, Братом-мусульманином является представитель президента США в организации «Исламская конференция» Рашад Хусейн. Другие члены Братства занимают менее важные посты. Среди них наиболее известен действующий член Сирийской национальной оппозиции и бывший советник Пентагона Лоуэй Сафи.
Президент ОБама и его сводный брат Абонго Малик Обама в Овальном кабинете Белого Дома. Абонго Малик Обама является казначеем общества «Миссионерская работа Братьев-мусульман в Судане». В апреле 2009 г., за два месяца до выступления в Каире, президент Обама тайно принял делегацию Братьев-мусульман в Овальном кабинете белого Дома. На церемонию торжественного вступления в должность он приглашал Ингрид Мэттсон, председателя организации Братьев и Сестёр-мусульман США.
Фонд Клинтон, со своей стороны, использовал в качестве ответственного исполнителя по проекту «Климат» одного из главарей международного Братства Гахеда аль-Хаттада, который до этого был продюсером телепередач, распространявших Коран. Его отец был одним из главных организаторов Братства при его возрождении ЦРУ и МИ6 в 1951 г. Гахед вышел из Братства в 2012 г. после того, как в Каире был назначен представителем кандидата на должность президента Мохамеда Морси, а затем официальным представителем Братьев-мусульман всего мира.
Лидеры джихадистов со всего мира так или иначе связаны либо с Братьями-мусульманами, либо с суфийским Орденом Накшбанди, входящими в свою очередь в саудовскую националистическую организацию «Всемирная исламская лига», поэтому было бы интересно узнать о связях г-жи Клинтон с Саудовской Аравией и Братьями-мусульманами.
Оказывается, в команде Дональда Трампа есть генерал Майкл Флин, который пытался воспрепятствовать созданию Белым Домом Халифата, но был из-за этого уволен из военной разведки ( Defense Intelligence Agency). Вместе с ним работает прослывший «холодным воякой» Фрэнк Гаффни, которого сегодня называют конспирологом за его выступления против присутствия в федеральных органах Братьев-мусульман.
С точки зрения ФБР любая поддержка террористических организаций является преступлением независимо от того, какую политику проводит ЦРУ. В 1991 г. полицейские вместе с сенатором Джоном Керри обанкротили пакистанский банк BCCI (хотя он был зарегистрирован на Кайманских островах), который ЦРУ использовало для проведения всякого рода тайных операций совместно с Братьями-мусульманами и латиноамериканскими наркоторговцами.
Тьерри Мейсан Перевод
Эдуард Феоктистов",0
4036,TEXAS COUNTY SWITCHES TO PAPER BALLOTS AFTER ELECTRONIC VOTING GLITCHES,"Home › POLITICS | US NEWS › TEXAS COUNTY SWITCHES TO PAPER BALLOTS AFTER ELECTRONIC VOTING GLITCHES TEXAS COUNTY SWITCHES TO PAPER BALLOTS AFTER ELECTRONIC VOTING GLITCHES 0 SHARES 
[10/26/16] ADAN SALAZAR – A county in Texas has switched to “emergency paper ballots” after electronic voting machines in the region suffered technical glitches. 
Chambers County Clerk Heather Hawthorne issued a press release Tuesday night announcing electronic voting would be suspended until the glitches affecting voting machines could be corrected. 

“The Straight Party vote for both the Republicans and Democrats did not automatically select one race on each ballot,” states the press release. 
“The error was caused in programming by ES&S (Election Systems and Software Inc.), the vendor who programs the election software used in Chambers County.” 
“The Straight Party vote for both the Republicans and Democrats did not automatically select one race on each ballot,” states the press release. 
“The error was caused in programming by ES&S (Election Systems and Software Inc.), the vendor who programs the election software used in Chambers County.” 
“Immediately, Hawthorne contacted ES&S and advised them of the issue. Hawthorne then contacted the Secretary of State’s office, the office overseeing the elections in Texas, and was informed to create emergency paper ballots to be used until the problem could be fixed.” 
Hawthorne claims she discovered the problem Monday morning after she cast her own vote and reviewed the electronic ballot. 
“Moving temporarily to paper ballots in such a situation is standard protocol,” Hawthorne reportedly told 12NewsNow . 
On Wednesday, Hawthorne issued another press release claiming the machines had been fixed. 
“Using paper ballots in the interim, as prescribed by the Texas Election Code, allowed our vendor to resolve the issue quickly,” she wrote. 
Elsewhere in Texas , in towns such as Arlington and Amarillo, other voters have reported witnessing their votes flipped from Donald Trump to Hillary Clinton. 
Election officials in those places, however, blamed users for the errors. 
Earlier in the week, Infowars attempted to speak with the Texas Director of Elections Keith Ingram about public concerns over possible voter fraud, but he didn’t want to talk to us. Post navigation",0
4037,"Bill Clinton: When Trump Says ‘Make America Great Again,’ He’s Blowing A Dog Whistle (TWEET)","Bill Clinton: When Trump Says ‘Make America Great Again,’ He’s Blowing A Dog Whistle (TWEET) By Darrell Lucus   
Donald Trump has spent most of the campaign blowing dog whistles to his supporters. For instance, he’s gone as far as to claim that Hillary Clinton is in cahoots with “international banks” –a “polite” term for “Jews.” Well, Bill Clinton told a crowd in North Carolina that Trump’s campaign slogan may be the biggest dog whistle of all. 
The Big Dog was on the stump with state attorney general and Democratic gubernatorial candidate Roy Cooper in Cooper’s hometown of Rocky Mount. While pushing his wife’s economic and education plans, Clinton said that when Trump says he wants to “make America great again,” he’s all but announcing that he wants to stick it to the poor and minorities. “I’m a white southerner – I know what ‘Make America Great Again’ means, and all of you of a certain age know exactly what it means. I didn’t fall off this truck yesterday, I’ve heard this song a long time. It means first, I’ll give you the economy you had 50 years ago, and second, I’ll give you the society you had 50 years ago: I’ll move you up and move somebody else down.” 
Bill actually used the slogan himself during his 1992 campaign. However, he’s not at all fond of Trump’s idea of greatness. 
This largely continues a theme Hillary has kept up for the entire campaign–trolling Trump’s faux-populist slogans. If you’ll remember, when Trump tried to counter the popular Hillary hashtag “#ImWithHer” with one of his own, “#ImWithYou,” Hillary’s campaign team called it out for the dog whistle that it was. You* 
— Hillary Clinton (@HillaryClinton) June 22, 2016 
At least one Trump supporter has already admitted that “Make America Great Again” is a dog whistle. Earlier, when one of Trump’s delegates from California, William Johnson, was outed as a white supremacist, he said that Trump wants to roll things back to the days when women were expected to stay in the kitchen. 
Despite the retrograde vision Trump has for the country, Clinton urged the crowd in Rocky Mount not to return the hate Trump and his supporters have displayed with hate of their own. “Do not treat them with the anger they often display toward us – love them to death. Look at them and say, ‘we need you.'” 
That, ladies and gentlemen, is why America is already great. Perhaps someone needs to remind Trump of that. After all, he’s going to get a very sobering reminder of this on Election Day. 
( featured image courtesy Gage Skidmore, available under a Creative Commons BY-SA license) About Darrell Lucus 
Darrell is a 30-something graduate of the University of North Carolina who considers himself a journalist of the old school. An attempt to turn him into a member of the religious right in college only succeeded in turning him into the religious right's worst nightmare--a charismatic Christian who is an unapologetic liberal. His desire to stand up for those who have been scared into silence only increased when he survived an abusive three-year marriage. You may know him on Daily Kos as Christian Dem in NC . Follow him on Twitter @DarrellLucus or connect with him on Facebook . Click here to buy Darrell a Mello Yello. Connect",0
4038,"Two Houston Police Officers Shot, Manhunt Underway","Two Houston Police Department officers were hospitalized Tuesday after a suspected burglar reportedly shot each of them multiple times. [The Houston Chronicle notes that one identified officer,    Ronnie Cortez, remains in critical but improving condition after a bullet lodged near his spine. Cortez’s fellow officer remains unnamed. He is reported to be awake and talking at this time.  A second officer received a   threatening wound to his foot. He is listed in stable condition. One suspect was killed at the scene of the crime in southwest Houston while two others remain at large. Officers were called to the scene of a burglary in progress at a home in southwest Houston. When officers arrived, the suspects were still in the area. A gunfight broke out between the suspected burglars and the officers, Fox 26’s Isiah Carey reported. Mayor Sylvester Turner told the Fox reporter one of the officers was shot multiple times. KHOU CBS 11 reported the burglar involved the theft of multiple guns from a home. It is not known if the stole guns were used in the shootout. The injured officers were transported by ambulances that were escorted by Houston police vehicles. HPD: Two officers injured after shooting in SW Houston. Police escorting ambulances as they are rushed to the hospital. pic. twitter.   —   Tim Wetzel (@KHOUTim) February 28, 2017,  At least one suspect appears to still be at large. A manhunt is underway in the area of the shooting and school officials put several schools on lockdown as a precaution. Click2Houston reported: Houston Police Chief Art Acevedo said officers were called to the neighborhood just after 11 a. m. to investigate a reported burglary. About 20 minutes later, officers who had arrived in the neighborhood were flagged down by a resident who said there was a burglary in progress. More officers were called to the area, a perimeter was established and search began. Another person told two officers they noticed that the door to a shed in their backyard was open, Acevedo said. As the officers opened the door to the shed, a man stepped out and began shooting. The officers returned fire, killing the gunmen. This article will be updated with additional information upon confirmation. Logan Churchwell contributed to this article. He is a founding editor of the Breitbart Texas team. You can follow him on Twitter @LCChurchwell. He also serves as the communications director for the Public Interest Legal Foundation. Bob Price serves as associate editor and senior political news contributor for Breitbart Texas. He is a founding member of the Breitbart Texas team. Follow him on Twitter @BobPriceBBTX.",0
4039,Dakota Access Pipeline: More Than 100 Arrested as Protesters Ousted From Camp,"Dakota Access Pipeline: More Than 100 Arrested as Protesters Ousted From Camp 11/01/2016 
NBC NEWS 
Authorities used pepper spray and fired bean bags at activists demonstrating against a controversial North Dakota oil pipeline as the standoff there reached a new peak Thursday, according to officials. 
Armed soldiers and police in riot gear removed the demonstrators using trucks, military Humvees, and buses Thursday afternoon, according to The Associated Press. Two helicopters and an airplane scanned the operation from the air. 
At least 141 protesters were arrested as of midnight Thursday (1 a.m. ET) after law enforcement slowly closed in and tensions escalated, the Morton County Sheriff’s Department said in a statement. 
Seven protesters used “sleeping dragon” devices, which typically involve PVC or other pipe, to attach themselves to items, and fires were set on a highway and improvised fire bombs were thrown at law enforcement, the Morton County Sheriff’s Department said in a statement. 
One woman allegedly fired three shots from a revolver at police, an emergency services official said. No one was hit. 
The chairman of the Standing Rock Sioux Tribe criticized law enforcement’s “militarized” response to the camp and called for demonstrations to remain peaceful, but stressed that activists would not give up their cause. 
“Militarized law enforcement agencies moved in on water protectors with tanks and riot gear today. We continue to pray for peace,” Dave Archambault II said in a statement Thursday evening. 
“We won’t step down from this fight,” he added. “As peoples of this earth, we all need water. This is about our water, our rights, and our dignity as human beings.” 
Archambault also called on activists to “remain in peace and prayer.”“Any act of violence hurts our case and is not welcome here,” he said. 
Law enforcement were holding a line north of the Backwater Bridge early Friday morning, the sheriff’s department. 
A woman who was being arrested pulled a .38 caliber revolver and fired three shots at law enforcement, “narrowly missing a sheriff’s deputy,” North Dakota State Emergency Services Spokeswoman Cecily Fong told NBC News. The woman was taken into custody and no shots were fired by law enforcement, she said. 
The protesters were ousted from the camp that authorities said was on private property in the path of the pipeline late Thursday afternoon, Morton County Sheriff Kyle Kirchmeier told the AP. 
The sheriff said that while the camp was secure, officers were still dealing with protesters in the surrounding area, according to the AP. Kirchmeier added that authorities would maintain a presence in the area for the time being to keep protesters off the land. Fong confirmed to NBC News that the camp was cleared. 
Protesters allegedly started two fires on the Backwater Bridge protest site and threw Molotov cocktails at law enforcement Thursday night, Fong said. 
About 250 protesters had gathered at the camp and another 80 demonstrators with a dozen horses were at the site of a county road, according to a statement from the Morton County Sheriff’s Department. 
Protesters on horseback galloped toward the law enforcement line before wheeling around and some had begun throwing objects at the officers, Fong said. Demonstrators also allegedly set four DAPL construction vehicles ablaze, Fong said Thursday evening. 
“They’ve definitely escalated, they’re throwing rocks and debris,” she said. A handful of officers suffered minor injuries, she said. 
Officers fired bean bag rounds and used pepper spray on protesters, Fong said. 
Authorities also used a long-range acoustic device with a high-pitched tone to disperse the protesters, who set tires on fire on the highway Thursday afternoon, according to a post on the Morton County Sheriff’s Department Facebook page . Demonstrators stand next to burning tires as armed soldiers and law enforcement officers assemble on Oct. 27, 2016, to force Dakota Access pipeline protesters off private land where they had camped to block construction. The pipeline is to carry oil from western North Dakota through South Dakota and Iowa to an existing pipeline in Patoka, Ill. Mike McCleary / The Bismarck Tribune via AP 
The department said they repeatedly told the demonstrators they were “free to go,” asking them to move to a separate camp further south and let authorities put out the flames. 
The protesters also set an area on fire near a bridge on a county road, according to a statement from the sheriff’s department. 
The protesters, comprised of a group that includes Native Americans and environmental activists, had been camped on private property since Sunday near the $3.8 billion Dakota Access Pipeline, near the town of Cannon Ball. 
The 1,172-mile pipeline would run within a half-mile of the Standing Rock Sioux reservation. Opponents of the project say the pipeline could adversely impact drinking water and would disturb sacred burial sites. 
Hundreds of protesters from Standing Rock and other tribes have set up camp for months in protest a few miles away from where Thursday’s confrontation occurred, close to where the Missouri and Cannonball rivers meet. 
Thursday’s incident came less than a week after more than 80 people were arrested and authorities used pepper spray on demonstrators. The arrests came during a five-hour conflict with police and around 300 protesters, some of whom stubbornly parked cars on the highway near the camp to block authorities from reaching them, according to the AP. They also set a small fire at one of two blockades they set up on the highway. 
The majority of the protesters were retreating from the area of confrontation on the highway outside the camp, but had not fully left the area of private land, according to the AP. About 200 protesters remained in the area, listening to tribal elders speak and praying as authorities continued to approach. Play 
Authorities used pepper spray and fired bean bags at activists demonstrating against a controversial North Dakota oil pipeline as the standoff there reached a new peak Thursday, according to officials. 
Armed soldiers and police in riot gear removed the demonstrators using trucks, military Humvees, and buses Thursday afternoon, according to The Associated Press. Two helicopters and an airplane scanned the operation from the air. 
At least 141 protesters were arrested as of midnight Thursday (1 a.m. ET) after law enforcement slowly closed in and tensions escalated, the Morton County Sheriff’s Department said in a statement. 
Seven protesters used “sleeping dragon” devices, which typically involve PVC or other pipe, to attach themselves to items, and fires were set on a highway and improvised fire bombs were thrown at law enforcement, the Morton County Sheriff’s Department said in a statement. 
One woman allegedly fired three shots from a revolver at police, an emergency services official said. No one was hit. 
The chairman of the Standing Rock Sioux Tribe criticized law enforcement’s “militarized” response to the camp and called for demonstrations to remain peaceful, but stressed that activists would not give up their cause. 
“Militarized law enforcement agencies moved in on water protectors with tanks and riot gear today. We continue to pray for peace,” Dave Archambault II said in a statement Thursday evening. 
“We won’t step down from this fight,” he added. “As peoples of this earth, we all need water. This is about our water, our rights, and our dignity as human beings.” 
Archambault also called on activists to “remain in peace and prayer.”“Any act of violence hurts our case and is not welcome here,” he said. 
Law enforcement were holding a line north of the Backwater Bridge early Friday morning, the sheriff’s department. 
A woman who was being arrested pulled a .38 caliber revolver and fired three shots at law enforcement, “narrowly missing a sheriff’s deputy,” North Dakota State Emergency Services Spokeswoman Cecily Fong told NBC News. The woman was taken into custody and no shots were fired by law enforcement, she said. 
The protesters were ousted from the camp that authorities said was on private property in the path of the pipeline late Thursday afternoon, Morton County Sheriff Kyle Kirchmeier told the AP. 
The sheriff said that while the camp was secure, officers were still dealing with protesters in the surrounding area, according to the AP. Kirchmeier added that authorities would maintain a presence in the area for the time being to keep protesters off the land. Fong confirmed to NBC News that the camp was cleared. Play 
Protesters allegedly started two fires on the Backwater Bridge protest site and threw Molotov cocktails at law enforcement Thursday night, Fong said. 
About 250 protesters had gathered at the camp and another 80 demonstrators with a dozen horses were at the site of a county road, according to a statement from the Morton County Sheriff’s Department. 
Protesters on horseback galloped toward the law enforcement line before wheeling around and some had begun throwing objects at the officers, Fong said. Demonstrators also allegedly set four DAPL construction vehicles ablaze, Fong said Thursday evening. 
“They’ve definitely escalated, they’re throwing rocks and debris,” she said. A handful of officers suffered minor injuries, she said. 
Officers fired bean bag rounds and used pepper spray on protesters, Fong said. 
Authorities also used a long-range acoustic device with a high-pitched tone to disperse the protesters, who set tires on fire on the highway Thursday afternoon, according to a post on the Morton County Sheriff’s Department Facebook page . Demonstrators stand next to burning tires as armed soldiers and law enforcement officers assemble on Oct. 27, 2016, to force Dakota Access pipeline protesters off private land where they had camped to block construction. The pipeline is to carry oil from western North Dakota through South Dakota and Iowa to an existing pipeline in Patoka, Ill. Mike McCleary / The Bismarck Tribune via AP 
The department said they repeatedly told the demonstrators they were “free to go,” asking them to move to a separate camp further south and let authorities put out the flames. 
The protesters also set an area on fire near a bridge on a county road, according to a statement from the sheriff’s department. 
The protesters, comprised of a group that includes Native Americans and environmental activists, had been camped on private property since Sunday near the $3.8 billion Dakota Access Pipeline, near the town of Cannon Ball. 
The 1,172-mile pipeline would run within a half-mile of the Standing Rock Sioux reservation. Opponents of the project say the pipeline could adversely impact drinking water and would disturb sacred burial sites. 
Hundreds of protesters from Standing Rock and other tribes have set up camp for months in protest a few miles away from where Thursday’s confrontation occurred, close to where the Missouri and Cannonball rivers meet. 
Thursday’s incident came less than a week after more than 80 people were arrested and authorities used pepper spray on demonstrators. The arrests came during a five-hour conflict with police and around 300 protesters, some of whom stubbornly parked cars on the highway near the camp to block authorities from reaching them, according to the AP. They also set a small fire at one of two blockades they set up on the highway. 
The majority of the protesters were retreating from the area of confrontation on the highway outside the camp, but had not fully left the area of private land, according to the AP. About 200 protesters remained in the area, listening to tribal elders speak and praying as authorities continued to approach. Play 
Law enforcement officials began taking steps to remove roadblocks and protesters of the Dakota Access Pipeline near Highway 1806 at around 11:15 a.m. local time (12:15 p.m. ET), Kirchmeier said in a statement. 
“Protesters’ escalated unlawful behavior this weekend by setting up illegal roadblocks, trespassing onto private property and establishing an encampment, has forced law enforcement to respond at this time,” he said in the statement. 
“I can’t stress it enough, this is a public safety issue,” the sheriff said. “We cannot have protesters blocking county roads, blocking state highways, or trespassing on private property.” 
The protesters had created a camp in the pipeline’s path on private property known as the Cannonball Ranch on the side of the highway and set up the roadblocks along on Sunday, according to the statement. 
Highway 1806 remained closed Thursday between Fort Rice and Cannonball, according to the sheriff department’s statement. Various counties, cities, state agencies and out-of-state law enforcement were helping the Morton County Sheriff’s Department, the statement said. 
Democratic presidential nominee Hillary Clinton’s campaign weighed in on the protests Thursday evening. 
“From the beginning of this campaign, Secretary Clinton has been clear that she thinks all voices should be heard and all views considered in federal infrastructure projects,” Spokeswoman Xochitl Hinojosa said in a statement. 
“Now, all of the parties involved — including the federal government, the pipeline company and contractors, the state of North Dakota, and the tribes — need to find a path forward that serves the broadest public interest,” Hinojosa said. “As that happens, it’s important that on the ground in North Dakota, everyone respects demonstrators’ rights to protest peacefully, and workers’ rights to do their jobs safely.” 
Protest camp coordinator Mekasi Horinek told NBC affiliate KFYR on Wednesday that the protesters had no plans of leaving their encampment. 
“We don’t have any plans on retreating. If they’re going to come in here and they’re going to arrest one of us, they’re going to arrest every one of us,” Horinek said. “We’re going to stand in unity, we’re going to stand in prayer, we’re going to stand in peace.” 
Standing Rock Sioux Tribe chairman Dave Archambault II told NBC News on Sunday the tribe had asked the U.S. Department of Justice to intervene in the escalating situation with law enforcement. 
“The DOJ should be enlisted and expected to investigate the overwhelming reports and videos demonstrating clear strong-arm tactics, abuses and unlawful arrests by law enforcement,” Chairman Dave Archambault II said.",0
4040,Films for Action: What We Are Here For,"By Tim Hjersted / filmsforaction.org 
It's hard to believe Films For Action has been around now for 10 years. From our early years focusing on local film screenings to our more recent years, focusing on raising awareness globally via our website and social media, our mission has been to provide a DIY alternative to the corporate mass media, which censors, erases, sanitizes, attacks and ignores the diverse voices of humanity in favor of a narrow spectrum of elite, faux left-right consensus that favors the status quo and puts the interests of profit over people and planet. 
The mass media claims to be neutral and strives to be objective, but it has always been anything but. FOX News is famous for claiming they're ""fair and balanced"" - a line of propaganda so transparent it's been mocked for years. But the deeper truth is that all media has some form of bias. The major news networks and newspapers of the old media - ABC, CNN, MSNBC, CBS and the New York Times, to name a few, all mask their bias for elite perspectives (both corporate and state) behind a veneer of ""objectivity."" To present oneself as unbiased, while having bias is, of course, one of the hallmarks of any good, persuasive propaganda. 
But the old media is lying to itself for another reason. As one of our heroes, Howard Zinn once famously said, ""You can't be neutral on a moving train."" Neutrality in the face of injustice, in the face of racism, environmental destruction, corruption, colonialism, empire and plutocracy, cannot and will never be neutral. 
Media cannot be neutral on this moving train. Too much is at stake when we are quite literally facing a planetary emergency that is reaching its major turning point. We must pick a side. 
Does this mean Films For Action has bias? Yes it does. But it is bias rooted in the desire for justice. Our bias is rooted in our love for Pachamama, our Mother Earth, and all living beings. Our bias is rooted in our desire for a society that's just, egalitarian, peaceful, healing and truly democratic in ways that the present system will never offer. That is the big difference between the old media and the new media. Whereas the old media feigns neutrality and objectivity while promoting a spectrum of thought that benefits their bottom line, the new media is transparent about its values and who it stands for. 
It is for this reason that Films For Action will forever stand in solidarity with Black Lives Matter, Indigenous First Nations people, Queer and Trans Folkx, and all other people and movements fighting oppression and struggling for collective liberation all over the world. 
Ultimately, our mission as a media network is simple. We're here to support all of the global movements working to change the present system. We believe many hands make light work, and we need all of us helping our 'movement of movements' in whatever way feels right for each other. We need both a diversity of tactics and a diversity of efforts, so the more we can support each other and see how our efforts complement each other, the stronger we'll be. 
This idea that ""I am because you are"" - that your happiness is my happiness, that your suffering is my suffering - this is the guiding principle of love, of ubuntu that is what keeps our feet moving and our hearts in action. We are all one human family in relationship with each other and the rest of the community of life on Earth. So long as there is suffering in the world, our work is not done.",0
4041,A Lizard With Scales That Behave Like a Computer Simulation - The New York Times,"The ocellated lizard  —   known as the jeweled lacerta in the pet trade  —   is born rusty brown with white polka dots. Within a few months, its skin begins to change into a dizzying, labyrinthine array of black and bright green pixels. By the time the lizard has sexually matured, reaching up to two feet in length, some 4, 000 scales along its back are all black or green, possibly to accommodate a habitat change between early life and adulthood. Through the rest of the lizard’s life, many of these scales will continuously flip between black and green. These outfit changes are dazzling in their own right. But even more surprisingly, the lizard’s patterns may unfold like a computer simulation, according to a study published in Nature on Wednesday. Studying ocellated lizards, Michel Milinkovitch, a professor of genetics and evolution at the University of Geneva, noticed the animals’ scales seemed to behave like a cellular automaton, a   model often used in computer science. The general rule was that green scales tended to have four black neighbors, and black scales tended to have three green neighbors. Though cellular automata are commonly used to simulate biological systems on computers, this is the first example of a “living cellular automaton,” said Dr. Milinkovitch, an author of the paper. Cellular automata were discovered in the 1940s by John von Neumann and Stanislaw Ulam, then mathematicians at the Los Alamos National Laboratory, who wanted to build a   machine. An extremely simple cellular automaton, according to Andy Ilachinski, author of Cellular Automata: A Discrete Universe, who was not involved in the study, is a string of lights where each light switches between on and off depending on what its neighbors are doing. With more complex rules, cellular automata can be used to model many things, from snowflake formation to traffic. To look for a cellular automaton in ocellated lizards, Dr. Milinkovitch, with Liana Manukyan and Sophie Montandon, then graduate students, collected   scans of three lizards’ bodies from hatchling stages to adulthood. From this, the researchers inferred a set of rules  —   a cellular automaton  —   for how the scales changed color. If a green scale had many green neighbors, there was a high probability it would turn black. If it had no green neighbors, it would stay green. Simulating their cellular automaton, the researchers found it generated a pattern indistinguishable from real lizard patterns. Next, they wondered how the lizards were making these patterns. Their answer came from another mathematician: Alan Turing, pioneer of computer science and artificial intelligence. In the 1950s, Mr. Turing mathematically modeled how patterns and shapes take form in living things. Called a   system, his model proposed that patterns emerge from a feedback loop between chemicals that spread through a space, activating and inhibiting each other. His mechanism has since been demonstrated in many organisms. In zebrafish, Turing interactions between cells containing different colors of pigment have been shown to generate stripes. Dr. Milinkovitch suspected a similar Turing mechanism was at play in ocellated lizards. But when he transferred the zebrafish model to lizards, the patterns that emerged were off. Instead of pixelated designs, with each scale being discretely green or black, they were smooth designs, with many scales containing both colors. It looked as if the lizard’s skin were a flat canvas, as opposed to a scaly one with ridges and valleys, Dr. Milinkovitch thought. His team   the Turing mechanism, this time accounting for how the valleys between lizard scales might impede the flow of signals between pigmentary cells of different colors. Remarkably, the pattern that emerged behaved like a cellular automaton. To solidify this link, Stanislav Smirnov, a mathematics professor at the University of Geneva, created a set of Turing equations that reproduced the cellular automaton behavior observed. Tracking an animal’s pattern in fine detail over a long period of time to infer the “rules” that govern the pattern is “a great example of computational imaging,” said Leah   a professor of mathematics at the University of British Columbia, who was not involved in the research. “I had never seen anything like this before. ”",0
4042,Is the World Crisis Igniting a Mass Global Awakening?,"Leave a reply 
Nanice Ellis – Overwhelming evidence suggests that the world is in dire condition, but, silently behind the scenes, the world crisis is actually igniting a mass global awakening, and for the first time in history, millions of people like you and me are waking up! 
There is no denying, we are on the precipice of huge global change, but, although change is inevitable , the exact nature of it is yet to be determined and, in fact, each of us is waking up in order to make this choice for ourselves — so what we do now, and how we think, will determine the course of history. 
According to quantum physics, multiple realities exist simultaneously , and therefore, the future you experience is completely up to you . This means that without your conscious participation, things can go either way. So why choose by passive default and risk living in a dismal and turbulent world, when you have the power to make a conscious choice and decide your own fate? If you want to live in a thriving world of peace, freedom and abundance for all, you must choose this Utopian Reality for yourself — then take action make it happen! Action Speaks Louder than Words 
Indeed, our thoughts, beliefs and intentions are responsible for the current reality we experience and the future reality we will call forth, but there is more to it than just positive thinking, affirmations and vision boards, and, in fact, we must integrate our thoughts, beliefs and intentions into reality by taking tangible actions that represent the reality of our choice. Our willingness to take inspired action aligns us with our chosen reality, and with every step in this direction, we seamlessly bridge the gap. Bridging the Gap to Utopia 
No doubt, the state of our current reality is overwhelming and can easily paralyze us with fear, but making excuses for complacency, or using powerlessness to rationalize paralysis, only perpetuates the reality we want to change. Additionally, if we focus on the negative by complaining or we leverage feelings of victimhood to fight against the problems, we inadvertently fuel those problems with our (fighting) energy. Resistance is not only futile, it is quicksand for the soul! 
Why fight against what is wrong, and give energy to what is wrong, when we could use that same power and energy to create something better? Instead of wasting energy opposing the cause of unwanted conditions, we have the ability to consciously use our individual and collective energy to implement solutions. 
The truth is, we cannot align with a utopian reality by fighting against or denying the issues of our current reality, and, in fact, the path to Utopia begins in this reality, and, therefore, the first steps require us to solve our current problems. As always, your journey begins exactly where you are ! We Already Have the Answers! 
All around the world, revolutionary concepts and innovations are springing forth from individuals, private businesses and groups of like-minded people. Normal everyday people like you and me are providing some of the most pivotal solutions to virtually all global issues, including free energy technology, solutions to world hunger, sustainable methods for building, growing and waste management and various forms of innovation that could literally free humanity! 
The World Wide Web is a virtual treasure chest of knowledge and DIY technology, and many of these new technologies and methodologies are even open source – free for anyone to use, copy, share or build upon. There is no telling what jewels a “treasure hunt” might reveal, but although this knowledge is available to anyone who seeks answers, just like the most recent scientific research, most of it is suppressed, and, therefore, a huge percentage of people around the world don’t even know the answers we need already exists. Yet, information is power, and, therefore, informing the majority is an essential key to global transformation. It might be easy to blame the media for suppressing this information, but suppression has a deeper cause, and it comes back to you and me. 
Many of us already have access to this vital knowledge, but we choose to suppress it from those less-informed because we fear they won’t understand, and we are afraid of being judged. Since it seems safer to withhold information than risk judgment, we rationalize silence as being harmless, but in the big picture silence supports suppression, and suppression of information perpetuates disempowerment. Ask yourself, “Is my fear of judgment more important than sharing ideas that could change the world?” 
Indeed, the truth is available for all to discover, but until the minds of the majority are saturated with the knowledge and technology to build a new reality, we must be willing to share the truth and spread information to everyone. The Invisible Formula for Disempowerment 
Humanity is suffering from the invisible disease of disempowerment, but when you look closely, the real cause is not so invisible. On one hand, we have been taught to be self-sufficient and compete with each other for opportunities, status, power, money, and even natural resources, but on the other hand, we have all been entrained into government-run social systems that provide for education, protection, justice, health-care and other primary needs. This means that as we compete with each other for survival, we blindly depend on corrupt systems that perpetuate mass disempowerment. 
The combination of separation from each other plus dependency on a system designed for profit and control is the formula for worldwide disempowerment, and, consequently, the devastating issues we experience today. As the Global Alarm Clock gets louder, we know that we must reclaim our power and we must reunite. We have the ability to transcend all obstacles and together we can create Utopia. Collaboration Beyond Borders 
In the mid 1800’s Darwin theorized that nature relies on competition in order to survive, and, as a result, our major global systems have been structured to perpetuate competition, but the latest research reveals that in order for life to thrive, nature actually relies on a system of cooperation where members of the species work together harmoniously. 
Merely surviving is no longer an option for humanity, so if we want the human species to thrive, we must stop depending on social systems that perpetuate disempowerment, we must become fully responsible for all our needs and we must replace individual independence and competition with cooperation, and, furthermore, we must be willing to c ollaborate beyond borders , whether those borders are real or imagined. 
It’s time, we must stop competing for limited resources, and we must respond to life as if we are all cells of the body called Earth, and, as such, we must consciously re-create a global structure that supports every man, woman and child, and honors all life. 
Earth overflows with abundance and can easily provide for every living being, but misuse of resources and capitalism have resulted in a resource crisis, however, by creating sustainable structures that support ongoing abundance, we have the ability to transcend all symptoms of scarcity. 
There are endless untapped resources that have yet to be discovered, but in order to access these sustainable treasures, we must approach the Earth from a completely different perspective. Instead of mindlessly taking, until resources run dry, we must implement sustainable solutions that honor and preserve Earth, and are not harmful to human, animal or plant life. 
Although the knowledge, information, and technology necessary to thrive and flourish are already available, in order to turn proven or unproven concepts into real life solutions we need each other. No one person has all the answers, and, in fact, by Divine Design, we are each given one piece of the puzzle, so in order to solve the puzzle, we must work together, and as we align with solutions, we call forth the reality of a thriving planet that easily provides abundance for every living being. Creating Community 
Millions of people worldwide share a similar dream of building sustainable live-in communities. Many of these people are making that dream a reality. You don’t hear much about it, but communities are popping up all over the world, and there might even be a fully functioning community near you. 
Also, consider that the neighborhood in which you now live offers incredible potential. Even people who live independently in a neighborhood can create a conscious community where community members work together growing food in a community garden, developing and maintaining sustainable energy for the whole community and sharing their gifts, skills and talents, as well as other essentials, such as cars, tools, cameras, sporting gear, etc…. 
Don’t wait for someone else to take charge – if you are inspired to create a live-in community or neighborhood community, follow your inspiration, and don’t delay. Open Source information on community building is widely available, and, in fact, One Community Global http://www.onecommunityglobal.org/ offers hundreds of pages of Open Source material. The Golden Key 
As the Global Alarm Clock continues to sound, the deepest part of us remembers that we came here to make a difference and this is the time we have been waiting for! 
I realize that it is easy to get caught up in the “dark side” of issues and play the victim of circumstances, but these issues are gifts in disguise; without a doubt, life is directing us to a new paradigm, where we consciously live in harmony with each other and with Earth. So, whatever you do to become more independent, and whatever you do to create a more sustainable lifestyle, do it with love. 
During this transition period, it might seem like we are losing conveniences or we must do more work to support ourselves, but when you step back to see the bigger picture, it is clear to see that humanity is being offered the Golden Key to freedom, peace, and harmony, but in exchange for these precious liberties, we must offer conscious responsibility in return, and this means that we must become 100% responsible in every way. 
The world is in need of a mass pandemic of information that will spread like wildfire, and, when this happens, it will burn up all the lies and illusions that our current reality was built upon, and as it unlocks the invisible chains of disempowerment, the truth will not only set us free, the truth will call forth the reality of our highest dreams, and we will find ourselves on the precipice of total transformation. O ne World under God, indivisible, with liberty, justice and abundance for all!",0
4043,"Lady Gaga, Marine Le Pen, Romania: Your Monday Briefing - The New York Times","Good morning. Here’s what you need to know to start your day: • Travelers from seven predominantly Muslim nations and vetted refugees from all nations can continue to enter the U. S. while the Trump administration argues against a federal judge’s blocking of the president’s immigration order. Here is where the battle stands. Early setbacks have led President Trump and his advisers to rethink their improvisational approach to governing. Above, an Iraqi grandmother being welcomed by her family in Virginia. _____ • Marine Le Pen, the French   presidential candidate, set the tone for the rest of her campaign for the election in April by offering a portrait of dystopia in urgent need of radical upheaval. Emmanuel Macron, her likely runoff opponent, invited American academics and companies alarmed by Mr. Trump’s rhetoric to seek refuge in France. Books and TV shows are tapping into the country’s anxious preoccupation with decline. _____ • President Trump said that he would work with Russia and Ukraine to “help them restore peace along the border” after a first telephone conversation with the Ukrainian president on Saturday. The same day,   separatists accused Ukraine of killing a senior commander in a car bombing. When asked by an interviewer why he respected President Vladimir V. Putin of Russia even though he is “a killer,” Mr. Trump appeared to equate Mr. Putin’s actions with those of the U. S.: “What, you think our country’s so innocent?” Mr. Trump said he wanted Russia’s help in fighting ISIS and “Islamic terrorism all over the world. ” _____ • The Islamic State has made strategic, and deadly, use of messaging apps. Counterterrorism experts say the group has guided “lone wolves” around the world, right down to picking the targets and finding the guns. The Turkish police arrested several hundred people suspected of being ISIS operatives. _____ • The New England Patriots won Super Bowl LI. Tom Brady led his team to a   overtime victory over the Atlanta Falcons, becoming the first quarterback in N. F. L. history to win five Super Bowls. Lady Gaga didn’t make political statements in her halftime show, but ads by   Airbnb and Budweiser touched on immigration and diversity. In a first, Pope Francis delivered a video message, in Spanish. _____ • China is challenging the U. S.’s   strategic monopoly on artificial intelligence, widely seen as the key factor in the next generation of warfare. Above, a Chinese processor in the world’s fastest supercomputer. • The International Monetary Fund holds a crucial board meeting to discuss whether it will participate in the third Greek bailout in seven years. • Cypriots in reunification talks fear Russian meddling. A breakthrough could open the way for the development of gas reserves in the eastern Mediterranean, possibly upsetting Russian gas exports. • Here’s a snapshot of global markets. • In Romania, as many as half a million people took to the streets to press the government to maintain anticorruption measures. “Why are we still here now?” one said. “Because we can’t trust this new government. ” [The New York Times] • Conservatives in Germany are set to formally nominate Angela Merkel as their candidate in the September election, despite internal rifts over her immigration policies. [Reuters] • Leading advocates of Catalonia’s secession from Spain, including its former leader Artur Mas, are facing trial today over a nonbinding independence referendum. [Politico] • Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu of Israel will seek to shore up support for a tougher stance against Iran in talks in London today. [The Guardian] • Pushback from Congress and cabinet officials appears to have prompted the Trump White House to back off its consideration of reopening C. I. A. “black site” prisons overseas. [The New York Times] • U. S. Special Operations troops have died in greater numbers than conventional troops over the last 12 months  —   a first. [The New York Times] • “One of my easiest and biggest heists. ” That’s how the acrobatic burglar known as “Spiderman” described his 2010 theft of five masterpieces from the Museum of Modern Art in Paris. [The New York Times] • We’re in Week 2 of New Year’s resolution month, when we’re helping you stick to your goals. If you joined last week, welcome back. If not, there’s still time to participate. A key to staying motivated is to create habits that take away the opportunity to slip up. This is a concept my colleague Charles Duhigg has explored: “At the core of every habit is a neurological loop with three parts: a cue, a routine and a reward. To understand how to create habits  —   such as exercise habits  —   you must learn to establish the right cues and rewards. ” This article tells you how to do that. I can attest to the power of this approach, and we want you to try it out yourself. Email us with one habit that would support your resolution, and how you’re going to create it. Near the end of the month, we’ll check back in with some of these and see how you did.  —   Tim Herrera, Smarter Living editor • Recipe of the day: For a step away from weeknight pasta, try your hand at ricotta gnocchi. • Cameroon’s national soccer team defeated Egypt to win its fifth Africa Cup trophy. • After 49 years, the   band Black Sabbath chose Birmingham, England, for what it said was its final concert. • Esquire magazine, long a men’s bible, looks to chart a new course in an era of transgender bathrooms and pink hats. • Queen Elizabeth II of Britain celebrates her sapphire jubilee today, marking the 65th year of her reign. • Alex Lewis lost his arms and legs to a blood infection. He now says the devastating ordeal made him the man he is  —   “in a good way. ” His resilience has turned him into a national figure in Britain. Last week, the actor Peter Capaldi made headlines when he announced he would be leaving his starring role on “Doctor Who,” the   British television series about a   alien. The Doctor  —   who isn’t referred to as Doctor Who  —   is a Time Lord from a distant planet who explores the universe in a time machine called the Tardis (which stands for Time and Relative Dimension in Space). A plucky human companion usually accompanies the Doctor, who faces a rotating cast of alien adversaries. Originally conceived as a   educational program, the series began in 1963 and, with the exception of a   gap ( ) has been broadcast since. The show is a national institution in Britain and a cult favorite elsewhere in the world, with more than 800 episodes (a Guinness world record). The Doctor is capable of regenerating, a concept that was introduced to prolong the series when its first lead actor, William Hartnell, left amid failing health. Mr. Capaldi, above, is the 12th actor  —   and the 12th white man  —   to fill the role. Fans have urged the producers to address the lack of diversity when the 13th Doctor makes his  —   or her  —   debut. Chris Stanford contributed reporting. _____ Your Morning Briefing is published weekday mornings. Read the latest edition of the U. S. briefing here and the latest for Asia and Australia here. What would you like to see here? Contact us at europebriefing@nytimes. com.",0
4044,Federal Proposal Would Strip Funds from Sanctuary Campuses,"A U. S. representative from California has introduced a bill to block Title IV funds to colleges and universities that refuse to cooperate with federal immigration authorities. [Representative Duncan Hunter ( ) introduced the No Funding for Sanctuary Campuses Act in late December to define “sanctuary campus” and create financial penalties for any “institutions of higher education that violates immigration laws. ” The bill, H. R. 6530, was   by Representatives Tom McClintock ( ) and Lou Barletta ( ).  “It’s by no means unreasonable to expect the nation’s higher learning institutions to follow the law the same way we expect states and localities to abide by the law,” Hunter told the Washington Examiner in an interview published on Tuesday. “If a school wants federal money, an open declaration that it’s a sanctuary should disqualify it for federal support. “It’s free to do that, of course, but there should be a consequence in the form of withheld federal funding  —   it’s that simple,” the California congressman stated. The bill defines a Sanctuary Campus as: (A) has in effect an ordinance, policy, or practice that prohibits or restricts any institutional entity, official, or personnel from —   (i) sending, receiving, maintaining, or exchanging with any Federal, State, or local government entity information regarding the citizenship or immigration status (lawful or unlawful) of any individual, (ii) complying with a request lawfully made by the Secretary of Homeland Security under section 236 or 287 of the Immigration and Nationality Act (8 U. S. C. 1226 or 1357) to comply with a detainer for, or notify about the release of, an individual or, (iii) otherwise complying with section 642 of the Illegal Immigration Reform and Immigrant Responsibility Act of 1996 (8 U. S. C. 1373) (B) brings in, or harbors, an alien in violation of section 274( a)(1)(A) of the Immigration and Nationality Act (8 U. S. C. 1324( a)(1)(A)) (C) renders an alien who lacks a lawful immigration status in the United States eligible for any postsecondary education benefit provided on the basis of residence within a State (or a political subdivision of a State) to the same extent as a citizen or national of the United States is eligible for such benefit or, (D) has in effect a policy or practice that either prohibits, or in effect prevents, the Secretary of Homeland Security from gaining access to campuses or access to students (who are 17 years of age or older) on campuses, for purposes of Department of Homeland Security recruiting in a manner that is at least equal in quality and scope to the access to campuses and to students that is provided to any other employer. The bill provides an exemption for any person who is a victim of or a witness to a criminal offense. The bill would also penalize the institutions for providing any public benefit including   tuition. “It is the sense of the Congress that providing the public benefit of   tuition to an alien who lacks lawful immigration status in the United States creates an incentive for illegal immigration and encourages and induces aliens to come to, enter,” Hunter wrote in the bill. The bill was introduced following actions by many campuses across the country to declare sanctuary status following the election of Donald Trump. Breitbart provided extensive coverage of these campus protests and the actions by university and college administrators. The   made cracking down on sanctuary jurisdictions a priority during his campaign. A similar bill was also introduced late last month by Rep. Andy Harris ( ) Breitbart Texas reported this week. The Federal Immigration Law Compliance Act of 2016 takes a broader approach of addressing both sanctuary campuses and other jurisdictions with similar policies. “Congress has the responsibility to protect the rule of law in our country and provide for the safety of our citizens. We need to focus on protecting American citizens and those who are in this country legally, instead of providing shelter for those who have violated our immigration law and entered this country illegally. If any entity refuses to comply with federal immigration law, they should be denied federal money until they come into compliance,” Congressman Harris said in a written statement obtained by Breitbart Texas. Both bills were filed late in the 114th Congress. To be considered by the 115th Congress, the bills will need to be  . Bob Price serves as associate editor and senior political news contributor for Breitbart Texas. He is a founding member of the Breitbart Texas team. Follow him on Twitter @BobPriceBBTX. No Funding for Sanctuary Campuses Act  —   H. R. 6530, ",0
4045,"As President Joseph Kabila Digs In, Tensions Rise in Congo - The New York Times","KINSHASA, Democratic Republic of Congo  —   In a mansion along the Congo River, with a collection of expensive watches, expensive motorcycles and a chimpanzee in a cage, Joseph Kabila, the president of this vast and troubled country, should be packing up. Instead, he is digging in. His second term is up in a few days, the Constitution forbids him to run for a third, millions of people are threatening to mobilize against him, and still Mr. Kabila shows no signs of leaving. The Democratic Republic of Congo is already one of the poorest, most volatile nations on earth. Countless young people are out of work, and the security forces are brutal and loosely controlled. Add to that dozens of armed groups operating in the hinterlands. Many people here are terrified that if Mr. Kabila clings to power at all costs, as some of his counterparts across Africa recently have, Congo could explode. But the paradox is that Mr. Kabila may not especially want to stay in power. Instead, former confidants say, he refuses to give up for a simple reason: He is afraid  —   for his family, for his safety and, not insignificant, for his wealth. “He doesn’t have an exit plan,” said Martin Fayulu, an opposition politician. It is an old problem with a new twist. According to forensic investigators, mining executives and officials in his own government, Mr. Kabila has looted millions of dollars in public assets. Recent troves of documents shared with The New York Times  —   whose authenticity has been verified by current and former Congolese officials  —   reveal a string of suspicious bank transfers totaling $95. 7 million, dubious mining rights sales that have generated millions more and possible   schemes involving a bank executive widely described as Mr. Kabila’s adopted brother. Authoritarian leaders used to be able to steal with impunity. But today, a   with an iPhone can be a dangerous foe. The   Papers, WikiLeaks world is an uncomfortable place for an autocrat. In a sense, Mr. Kabila is trapped. As Jason K. Stearns, the author of a   book on Congolese politics, said, “He’s in a labyrinth of his own making. ” And cornered, he has begun to lash out. Mr. Kabila’s forces and their supporters have arrested journalists, jailed opposition politicians, firebombed opposition headquarters and assassinated a Catholic priest who held workshops on the Constitution and its limit of a   presidency. Scores of   protesters have already been shot dead, turning more people against Mr. Kabila each day. Opposition leaders are now threatening to flood the streets with millions of protesters on Tuesday, the day Mr. Kabila is supposed to be out of office. Seeing chaos on the horizon, top Western officials have shuttled in and out of the capital, Kinshasa, trying to draw the reclusive Mr. Kabila out from his riverside residence, where he lives under heavy guard. This year, Secretary of State John Kerry and other   American officials have met with Mr. Kabila several times. But several people who know the president well said Mr. Kabila was increasingly isolated, moody and antisocial. They said he had been keeping irregular hours, becoming irritable with his staff members and staying up late to play Sony PlayStation 4 or race his fancy motorcycles up and down the dark boulevards of Kinshasa to blow off steam. As Mr. Kabila plays for time, the information on corruption keeps streaming in, from many directions. In September, an American hedge fund,   Capital Management Group, admitted in a federal plea agreement to participating in a bribery scheme involving mineral deals and   Congolese officials. The officials were not named in the plea agreement, but several analysts said the information published by the Justice Department made it obvious that one was an adviser who was extremely close to Mr. Kabila  —   possibly one of the only men Mr. Kabila really trusted  —   before he died in a plane crash in 2012. Other investigations are in the works, and the American government is trying to delicately warn Mr. Kabila that his chances of being prosecuted for corruption would be lower if he left now. “No one can guarantee no prosecution, but in the real world, there are priorities,” said Tom Malinowski, an assistant secretary of state. “I don’t think one of them would be going after the former president of Congo who did the right thing. ” Still, no one has come up with an exit plan. Even the Western diplomats tasked with appealing to Mr. Kabila, pleading with him not to drive his country off a cliff, admit they are at a loss for what to offer. Mr. Kabila is still relatively young, 45, and if he is worried about keeping his wealth and avoiding jail after he leaves office, how does one guarantee that? All he has to do is look at Charles Taylor, Liberia’s former president, who agreed to leave office under intense international pressure and was soon apprehended, prosecuted and sentenced to decades in prison. And what about his safety? Mr. Kabila has made many enemies in nearly 16 years as the leader of one of the world’s most violent states. As one mining executive who used to be close to Mr. Kabila argued, it is not as if the American government is going to assign SEAL Team 6 to guard him in perpetuity, even if he asks. Mr. Kabila is not your typical strongman. He was driving a taxicab in Tanzania not long before he was thrust into power. His father, a smuggler turned rebel leader turned president, was assassinated in 2001. The only person top advisers could agree on to lead the country, which was in the midst of a very confusing civil war, was the elder son, Joseph, at the time 29. Unlike Isaias Afwerki, the president of Eritrea for the past 23 years, or Yoweri Museveni of Uganda (30 years) or Robert Mugabe, who has ruled Zimbabwe since independence (36 years) Mr. Kabila has never tried to build a cult of personality. He is shy, mild and a careful listener. Confidants say he never wanted to be president and tried to turn down the job. But over the years, former aides and investigators say, he has amassed a fortune and developed a taste for the finer things. A former colleague said he sometimes wore two expensive watches at the same time  —   a Rolex and a Patek Philippe  —   one for each wrist. Mr. Kabila and his family own a network of homes and huge farms across Congo, sweeping up thousands of acres, analysts and former aides said. They also said Mr. Kabila was most at peace around animals. He is an avid breeder of cows, and he kept a menagerie of chimpanzees, a   (a small antelope) birds of prey and parrots at his house in urban Kinshasa. A recent visitor said at least one chimp still lived there, screeching hoots from a cage as guests arrive. But these days, the stress of the job seems to be eating at him. Mr. Kabila has put on weight. The few times he was spotted in public he had huge bags under his eyes. More   are coming forward, which may make him even less likely to quit if he believes that he can best protect himself and his assets by intimidating or neutralizing critics with his security forces. One Congolese government official said that on numerous occasions he had been instructed to take wheeled suitcases, stuffed with $100 bills totaling more than $7 million, to a minister’s office for “state’s use. ” The money came from a   company. The official, along with several others, said it would be too dangerous for anyone but Mr. Kabila or his family to steal that blatantly. The Panama Papers  —   leaked confidential documents from a law firm in Panama  —   revealed that Mr. Kabila’s twin sister, Jaynet, using a different name, owned an indirect share in the nation’s largest mobile phone operator and through a company registered in Niue, in the South Pacific. Current and former Congolese officials described very complicated and suspicious business dealings involving foreign partners, joint ventures and lucrative mining concessions. One such deal recently attracted the attention of Britain’s Serious Fraud Office, which is investigating Congo’s   sale of mining rights through an Israeli tycoon who is a friend of Mr. Kabila’s. Because of Mr. Kabila’s lack of transparency, the International Monetary Fund halted a loan program worth hundreds of millions of dollars that Congo desperately needed. “It’s clear that the Kabila family has personally profited from the exploitation of natural resources and the manipulation of banks and   companies,” said Sasha Lezhnev, a manager at the Enough Project, a nonprofit organization that recently reviewed thousands of pages of documents and conducted more than 100 interviews on corruption in Congo. In the past two decades, Congo’s wars over minerals, politics, ethnicity and land have killed millions, destabilizing a big chunk of the continent. But its history of   gains goes back much further. Mobutu Sese Seko, Congo’s strongman during the Cold War, was one of Africa’s most notorious thieves, though back then it was easier to get away with corruption. None of the documents to emerge recently have Mr. Kabila’s signature on them, though the names of top aides and companies of Mr. Kabila’s associates are all over them. Lambert Mende, the chief government spokesman, said Mr. Kabila was “not a robber, not at all. ” “He has no account in Europe or the U. S. A. ,” Mr. Mende said. “He doesn’t have a single apartment outside of Congo. This is all storytelling. ” The most suspicious documents to emerge recently include a string of bank transfers to different accounts at different banks with the notation that they were “advance tax payments” from Gécamines, a struggling   mining company, for Congo’s central bank. Starting late last year, the transfers reveal anomalies like instructions that $8 million be withdrawn from the teller  —   in cash  —   on behalf of the central bank. “That makes no sense,” said a former employee of Congo’s central bank who spoke on the condition of anonymity, saying he could be killed if he was identified. “We don’t get cash from a commercial bank. We import our own cash. We have a service in Switzerland that does that. ” Analysts at the Sentry, an investigative arm of the Enough Project, said that during the time of the supposed Gécamines transfer of $95. 7 million to the central bank, the central bank’s foreign reserves actually dropped  —   to $1. 17 billion from $1. 47 billion  —   pushing up inflation and causing issues for Congo’s economy. At the same time, Mr. Kabila’s government drastically cut spending on health care and the few services it provides. Sentry analysts said they were curious how Gécamines, a company with endless management problems, would have that much cash on hand for advance tax payments when thousands of employees had not been paid in months. Documents showed that Gécamines lost $82. 9 million in 2014. Mining executives said bigger, more profitable companies always paid much less in advance taxes. Some of the money apparently stolen in Congo may have moved through the American financial system, Sentry analysts say, and they are calling on the United States Treasury Department to take stronger measures to combat suspicious transactions from Congo. This past week, the Treasury Department sanctioned two Congolese officials close to Mr. Kabila, saying the officials were undermining democracy. Across Africa, term limits established years ago when democracy’s brand was stronger have been systematically dismantled, sometimes with disastrous consequences. Burundi exploded last year when its president plowed ahead with his plan to stay in office for a contentious third term. In October, Mr. Kabila’s aides struck a deal with a few   opposition groups to delay the next presidential election until 2018  —   the election was supposed to be held this year  —   but Congo’s major opposition groups, representing tens of millions of frustrated people, rejected that. Opposition leaders said they would never accept Mr. Kabila’s staying in office beyond Dec. 19. Congo’s political opposition, unlike Burundi’s, is not heavily armed. Most analysts say it would be difficult to overthrow Mr. Kabila. The security forces are still loyal to him, partly because he has made sure that soldiers and intelligence officers have been relatively well paid, no matter the dire straits of the national economy. In a recent meeting with delegates of the United Nations Security Council, Mr. Kabila remained characteristically cagey. According to a confidential United Nations report, he said that it was the “sovereign right of the Congolese people to decide in the next three or so years to amend the Constitution,” implying he may be considering another run. Mr. Stearns, one of the   Congo analysts, argues that Mr. Kabila does not know how to get out of the corner he has put himself into. “That’s what makes this so difficult and volatile,” Mr. Stearns said. “My best guess,” he added, “is we’re headed into turmoil for several years to come. ”",0
4046,James Comey: I Documented Meeting with President Trump Because ‘He Might Lie’ - Breitbart,"Fired former FBI Director James Comey said during his appearance before the Senate Intelligence Committee on Thursday that he documented what was said in his meetings with President Donald Trump because the president ‘might lie’ about their discussions. [“I was alone with the president of the United States, or the   soon to be president,” Comey said when asked why he documented his meetings with Trump. “The subject matter   …     I was talking about matters that touch on the FBI’s core responsibility and it related to the   personally and then the nature of the person, I was honestly concerned he might lie about the nature of our meeting so I thought it [was] important to document   …     that combination of things. ”  Comey also said that he did not feel the need to document his conversations about intelligence with former Presidents George W. Bush and Barack Obama. “As I said in my written testimony as FBI director, I interacted with President Obama and spoke only twice in three years and didn’t document it,” Comey said. “When I was deputy attorney general I had one    meeting with President Bush about a national security matter. “I didn’t document that conversation either,” Comey said.",0
4047,Facebook CEO Mark Zuckerberg Warns Against Turning Away from Globalization - Breitbart,"(Reuters)  —   Facebook Inc Chief Executive Mark Zuckerberg laid out a vision on Thursday of his company serving as a bulwark against rising isolationism, writing in a letter to users that the company’s platform could be the “social infrastructure” for the globe. [In a   manifesto, Zuckerberg, founder of the world’s largest social network, quoted Abraham Lincoln, the U. S. president during the country’s 19th century Civil War known for his eloquence, and offered a philosophical sweep that was unusual for a business magnate.  Zuckerberg’s comments come at a time when many people and nations around the world are taking an increasingly inward view. U. S. President Donald Trump pledged to put “America first” in his inaugural address in January. That followed Britain’s decision last June to exit the European Union. “Across the world there are people left behind by globalization, and movements for withdrawing from global connection,” Zuckerberg wrote, without naming specific movements. Read the rest of the story at Reuters.",0
4048,"Your Morning Briefing: Rafsanjani, Donald Trump, Kabul - The New York Times","Good morning.  Here’s what you need to know: • President Obama began his final major address in Chicago by thanking the American people. “You made me a better president,” he said, “and you made me a better man. ” The White House is offering a live stream of the president’s farewell address. And here is the latest on the transition, including the prospect today of Donald J. Trump’s first news conference since July. _____ • American intelligence agencies presented President Obama and   Trump with unsubstantiated reports that Russia had collected compromising and salacious information about Mr. Trump. The information is based on memos generated by political operatives who sought to derail Mr. Trump’s candidacy. _____ • The use of torture was a main theme on the first day of a whirlwind week of U. S. Senate hearings on Mr. Trump’s cabinet choices. In a joint letter, 176 retired officers urged Mr. Trump not to follow through on campaign vows to bring back torture. Hours later, his attorney general pick, Senator Jeff Sessions, above, distanced himself from Mr. Trump’s pledge to bar Muslims immigrants and investigate Hillary Clinton. _____ • “They started coming in like the tide. ” That was an official at a refugee camp near Bangladesh’s border with Myanmar, where displaced Rohingya Muslims have fled by the thousands to escape a military crackdown in northern Rakhine State. Those in the camp say soldiers burned their villages, shot at random and systematically raped women and girls. _____ • In Iran, the authorities ignored the opposition chants that erupted at the sprawling state funeral for Ayatollah Akbar Hashemi Rafsanjani, who died on Sunday. Mr. Rafsanjani, once a staunch conservative, had in recent years become a hero to Iran’s middle class. For many of those involved in the   Green Revolution, the antigovernment demonstrations in 2009, he was a lone establishment voice representing their beliefs. By official estimates, 2. 5 million people attended the funeral. _____ • Beijing has increasingly signaled that it wants to take on a leadership role in promoting the Paris agreement to curb greenhouse gas emissions. China can’t yet lead by example yet. It’s still the world’s biggest polluter. But a shift is evident: Witness the country’s plans to spend $360 billion on renewable energy sources. _____ • President Rodrigo Duterte of the Philippines has said he has the names of more than a million supposed drug dealers and corrupt lawmakers. He once promised to kill 100, 000 criminals in his first six months in office. Our reporter met with local officials and law enforcement officers to determine who lives and who dies in the leader’s drug war. “There is no certain or easy way to get off Duterte’s list,” he writes. _____ • President Xi Jinping will speak next week at the opening of the World Economic Forum in Davos, Switzerland, as China looks to cement its role as a global economic leader. Mr. Xi will lead a group of Chinese executives that includes Jack Ma of Alibaba and Wang Jianlin, chairman of the Dalian Wanda Group. He will be the first Chinese head of state to address the annual meeting. • Alibaba is going brick and mortar. The Chinese   giant, which is seeking to acquire Intime Retail, has spent billions buying pieces of the very sector it disrupted. • Yahoo plans to rename itself Altaba if the $4. 8 billion sale of its internet business goes through. The name is a play on the single biggest asset that would remain of Yahoo: a 15 percent stake in Alibaba. • Fox News secretly settled sexual harassment accusations against Bill O’Reilly, the network’s top host, last summer. • Auto sales in India plunged in December, a casualty of Prime Minister Narendra Modi’s ban on large bank notes. • Most U. S. stocks were higher. Here’s a snapshot of global markets. • In Afghanistan, dozens of people were killed and more than 80 wounded in an attack on Parliament claimed by the Taliban. [The New York Times] • Dylann Roof, the white supremacist who showed no remorse for killing nine people at a South Carolina church in 2015, was sentenced to death. [The New York Times] • China ordered all textbooks from elementary school to university to push back the start date of its war against the Japanese from 1937 to 1931, and to replace “  war of resistance” with “  war of resistance. ” [South China Morning Post] • Thailand’s cabinet is meeting to discuss emergency measures for the heaviest rainfall in 30 years. At least 21 people have died in severe flooding in the south. [The Nation] • The World Cup will grow to 48 teams from 32 in 2026, a welcome move for Asia and Africa inclusion. But some see a money grab by the   governing body, FIFA. [The New York Times] • Clare Hollingworth, a British war correspondent who broke the news of World War II and was one of the first Western journalists to report regularly from China, died in Hong Kong. She was 105. [The New York Times] (In this new section, we’ll help you start your day right.) • We’ve all thought about it: Can we train ourselves to need less sleep? Sadly, the answer is a resounding no. • Recipe of the day: Want to go meatless tonight? Try   tofu with wild mushrooms. • Concerns over crashing populations of bees, butterflies and other insects that promote plant growth are spreading around the world. United States officials made the   bumblebee the first pollinator to be added to the endangered species list. • And we review   writer Han Kang’s   new novel “Human Acts. ” Each chapter offers a piercing psychological portrait of a character affected by the 1980 Gwangju massacre in South Korea. Norway is trying to make audio history this week. The country is beginning an experiment to switch off its FM stations and replace them with digital radio. If the plan succeeds, it could be the beginning of a change in how we listen to radio around the globe. Switzerland, Britain and Denmark are considering the same move. Norway, where terrestrial radio remains quite popular, was among the first countries to adopt digital radio in the 1990s. The government’s current effort is aimed at improving audio quality. That was also a goal in the creation of FM radio, which offers staticless,   broadcasting. Edwin Armstrong, an American inventor, is credited with figuring out how to transmit sound by modulating the frequency of electromagnetic waves (FM) instead of their amplitude (AM). He later built his own FM station to prove its worth to skeptics, though his triumph was marred by legal battles over patents. The New York Times called Armstrong one of the “great inventive geniuses in electrical engineering” after his death in 1954. “He always preferred to be the master of his own laboratory. That he was. ” _____ Your Morning Briefing is published weekday mornings. What would you like to see here? Contact us at asiabriefing@nytimes. com.",0
4049,Ariel Levy Has Written a Thoroughly Modern Memoir - The New York Times,"Just before Thanksgiving 2012, Ariel Levy, a staff writer at The New Yorker, flew to Mongolia to report on that country’s mining boom. She was 38 years old and five months pregnant, and on her second night there, she miscarried in her hotel room, delivering her son in a torrent of blood that nearly killed her. Her son would not survive, but Ms. Levy detailed in a heartbreaking essay a year later that would win her a National Magazine Award that after she yanked the placenta from her body, crawled to the phone and called a local doctor, she took the boy’s photo. “I worried that if I didn’t,” she wrote, “I would never believe he had existed. ” The essay, titled “Thanksgiving in Mongolia,” was a brutal read. Ms. Levy wrote of the feeling of her son’s skin, “like a silky frog’s on my mouth,” and of the image of a white bath mat someone had thrown over a bloodstain next to her bed that would slowly darken as her blood seeped through it during the five days that she spent holed up in her hotel room. Back home, she wrote, she sobbed, bled and lactated in an awful storm of hormones and grief. Before the miscarriage, she had considered herself lucky: buoyed by the gains of   feminism, successful at her chosen career, legally married to a woman and carrying a baby made by a friend’s donated sperm. Afterward, as she wrote, she felt buffeted by a different kind of fate, something more Shakespearean or biblical, “the 10 or 20 minutes I was somebody’s mother were black magic there is no adventure I would have traded them for. ” And yet. Not only did she lose her child, but her marriage also fell apart. This felt like a karmic smackdown, and Ms. Levy wanted to interrogate her own responsibility for such a sequence of grim events. That is the intellectual backbone, anyway, of “The Rules Do Not Apply”: her memoir, out March 14, that lays the groundwork for what happened in Mongolia and picks up where the essay left off, raising, once again, that hoary conceit, the one about women and “having it all. ” “I felt like this very fortunate beneficiary of the women’s movement,” she said during a recent interview in her bright,   walk up in Chelsea. “I got to have all these choices, and the rules”  —   biological, historical  —   “did not apply. So it was a very shocking experience to find myself, childless and alone at 38. I felt like a complete failure, on the deepest level. “Some of it was like someone in a Jane Austen novel, getting her comeuppance, but some of it, most of it, was feeling like a mother, but where’s the baby? There is no child. Then you’ve got a little identity crisis on your hands. ” Ms. Levy bought the apartment during her marriage, when she and her former spouse, now a recovering alcoholic, separated for a time. She lives there alone, attended by two amiable, rotund cats. On a Friday afternoon, she was preparing for an appearance at the 92nd Street Y, where she would be interviewed by her friend Lena Dunham. “This thinking that you can have every single thing you want in life is not the thinking of a feminist,” Ms. Levy told the audience that night. “It’s the thinking of a toddler. ” “ !” Ms. Dunham said, “  for all! Hashtag toddler. ” A thoroughly modern memoir, the elements of “The Rules Do Not Apply” seem plucked not from the script of “Girls,” which has also been exploring reproductive issues of late, but “Transparent”  —   even “Portlandia. ” When Ms. Levy, at 30, marries her girlfriend, her   parents are put out not because she is a lesbian, but because they are against the square traditions of marriage. “Are you impressed with how cool I am about all this?” her father said when she brought home her first girlfriend. She has a gothic affair with a brutish and unhinged transgender man who hacks Ms. Levy’s computer. When Ms. Levy conceives a child with the sperm of a dear friend who is rich enough to pay the child’s college tuition but wants a   relationship to parenthood, you imagine a sort of Michael Cunningham utopia for Ms. Levy and her wife in their house on Shelter Island. Or perhaps a reality show. Simon Doonan and Jonathan Adler, colorful exemplars not just of   marriage but also of Manhattan’s creative class, are their neighbors. Of her generation, Ms. Levy writes: “Sometimes our parents were dazzled by the sense of possibility they’d bestowed on us. Other times, they were aghast to recognize their own entitlement, staring back at them magnified in the mirror of their offspring. ” Ms. Levy, who in person speaks in the vernacular of her era  —   “dude” and “girl” are her preferred terms of address  —   presents a memoir often festooned with   irony. It’s her second book. “Female Chauvinist Pigs,” out in 2005, wondered just how liberated the heroines of “raunch” culture actually were. She knows she is a different sort of cultural cliché, a bisexual Wesleyan graduate who never quite learned to mind her pronouns. She wears her   sensibility lightly. Before her wedding, Ms. Levy writes of trying to woo her wife’s Minnesotan mother, whose strongest expression of emotion was the phrase, “Oh, honestly. ” In conversation one day, Ms. Levy lets loose an “Oy vey,” startling her      . As she writes, Ms. Levy had to explain, “That’s what my people say when we mean, ‘Oh, honestly. ’” She grew up, in Larchmont, N. Y. as an outlier. She was the only child of   parents who didn’t fit in with the suburban ethos of her neighborhood: her father wrote copy for Planned Parenthood, Naral and NOW, among other organizations her mother worked with Down syndrome children and opened an   day care. And there was a family secret hiding in plain sight: Her mother was engaged in a   affair with a   classmate who would appear periodically, camping on blankets in the living room. By her account, Ms. Levy was a brash,   unpopular child who took to her diary for companionship, using a notebook to puzzle her way through a hostile social environment at school and the weirdness at home. “That was my lifeline,” she said. “People didn’t like me, I was loud and aggressive. People can take it from a    but when you’re a little kid, and people are like, ‘You’re loud and awful,’ you think, ‘I guess I am awful,’ so writing and figuring out how to put things into words was the way I felt better. ” Not long after college, she got a job at New York magazine, where she was mentored by the editor John Homans. David Remnick, editor in chief of The New Yorker, hired her away after a lunchtime courtship during which Ms. Levy suffered a bad case of flop sweat. When she tells her father about her new job, he says, “Well, nowhere to go but down. ” Ms. Levy has spent much of her career profiling women who are, in her words, “too much,” like Caster Semenya, the African runner with elevated levels of testosterone who upended the way the Olympics thought about gender Lamar Van Dyke, a founder of a band of lesbian separatists from the 1970s and Edith Windsor, the octogenarian lesbian whose suit against the United States paved the way for the legalization of   marriage. Last week, Ms. Levy profiled the photographer Catherine Opie, once an SM aficionado and darling of the Whitney Biennial, circa 1995, unpacking her homey radicalism. While a gay or bisexual woman like Ms. Levy would seem to be the ideal image for what is now called “intersectional” or multilayered feminism, Charlotte Shane, a writer for The New Republic, recently accused her of   feminist sins  —   or the “dangerous failures of neoliberal feminism”  —   in a piece headlined “Ariel Levy’s Infuriating Memoir of Privilege and Entitlement. ” “It’s unlikely many black women or Arab women or undocumented women would presume a similar degree of permission and mobility,” Ms. Shane wrote, “regardless of their exposure to Gloria Steinem and Betty Friedan. ” This line of argument amused more than rankled Ms. Levy. “If one of my students at Wesleyan tried to take down a writer,” she said, “I’d say, ‘white and from Larchmont’ is a good start but you need more of a case. ” She added: “I think it would be difficult to argue that I’m a   for womenkind. I’ve tried pretty hard to bring in unusual female voices and perspectives. Not just young women and not just white women, either. I don’t know that I’m the best target for improvement. I don’t know that I’m the problem. ” Her friend Mr. Doonan would label Ms. Levy a   feminist, like his own mother, who served in the Royal Air Force during World War II. “She’s like those fearless viragos,” Mr. Doonan said of Ms. Levy. “She’s uniquely intrepid. Tremendously grateful for opportunities and never complaining. That isn’t in a way a contemporary thing. People tend to see things through the lens of victimhood, but Ari takes full responsibility and carries on. ” Ms. Levy is deferential to her   whose alcoholism arguably tanked the relationship, though Ms. Levy said, “We made a fine mess together. ” She gave her a pseudonym, Lucy, and she also gave her the manuscript to read before she showed it to anyone else. Lucy suggested no changes. “She said, ‘It’s your story, I’m not going to censor you,’” Ms. Levy said. (The identity of the baby’s father is even more veiled, in keeping with his wishes, she said.) “I don’t come from addicts,” she said. “My parents never drank. What I did know about was something being amiss in the house, there being a secret, and knowing  —   knowing  —   something’s off. ” When she attends an   meeting, reluctantly (because its jargon irritates her) she learns a “profound concept,” she said. “The idea that you’re off the job, that it doesn’t matter if you figure it out, you can try and persuade the person at the center of it that there’s a problem but you’re never going to get anywhere, so just punch your punch card out. You’re done. ” She added: “It’s not that I have no regrets, but I no longer think, for example, I shouldn’t have gone to Mongolia. It wouldn’t have mattered. People say, ‘Oh, it would have been better to have miscarried in New York.’ I’m not sure about that. There’s no way your baby is going to die in your hands and you’re going to be, like, ‘Well, that worked out well! ’” When “Thanksgiving in Mongolia” landed on his desk, Mr. Remnick said he read it right away, against his habit. “I couldn’t get out of my chair,” he said. “It’s not as if I hadn’t known what had happened we had been talking even when she was still there. The world is full of personal essays. My illness. My divorce. My delight. They are everywhere. Arguably there are too many. Among the average ones, there’s a kind of grasping aspect to them. When they connect, as Ari’s did, there’s really nothing like it. ” She is a joyful person, and a joyful writer, he added. “No question she has an absolutely magnetic personality,” he said. “One imagines Joan Didion hanging around the Doors and   was a recessive presence. Ari ain’t recessive. ” As it happens, Ms. Levy’s adventures fit into an older tradition than the   “the autopathographies,” as James Atlas wrote, introducing the wave of literary memoirs from the early 1990s  —   Mary Karr, Susanna Kaysen, et al  —   that have dominated the form for decades. When her marriage finally ends, Ms. Levy strikes up a correspondence with the handsome South African doctor John Gasson, who had treated her in Mongolia. The memoir ends ambiguously, with Ms. Levy pondering a flight to South Africa. But in real life, she and Dr. J. as she calls him, conducted an epistolary romance through email that continued to blossom. There would be setbacks, as Ms. Levy tried  —   “400, 000 times,” she said  —   to get pregnant through IVF treatments, until “my heart was broken and I had no money and I was like: ‘Girl, it’s done. Let it go. ’” “Not everybody gets everything, but you get some stuff,” she continued. “You get other stuff. ” She and Dr. Gasson, a rotational doctor whose work schedule at a clinic in Nigeria is five weeks on, five weeks off and who also writes, are engaged. If either one of them can get it together to file the paperwork, she said, they will marry. As to where they will live, she added, “We’re going to be mobile. The fact that I cannot bear a child works rather well with that. Given that I have no choice in the matter, that’s the upside. ” And so, despite all the postmillennial complications of Ms. Levy’s    tale and her sexual fluidity, in the end she gets the guy. Who says modernity killed the marriage plot? Or as Ms. Dunham put it, Ms. Levy “fully is like hitting it with the hot doctor in the book. ”",0
4050,"Your Monday Evening Briefing: Ecuador, Immigration, Dilma Rousseff - The New York Times","(Want to get this briefing by email? Here’s the  .) Good evening. Here’s the latest. 1. Presidential candidates mostly concentrated on New York a day before the state’s primary. Donald J. Trump is well ahead in polls there, and Hillary Clinton has a smaller edge. Mrs. Clinton campaigned in Manhattan and Bernie Sanders in Queens. On the Republican side, Mr. Trump and John Kasich focused their attention upstate. But Ted Cruz chose to avoid New Yorkers (and their values). He campaigned in Maryland and Pennsylvania. _____ 2. On Sunday night, Brazil  responded to the impeachment of President Dilma Rousseff as if it were a party one lawmaker fired a confetti gun, and in cities across the nation, thousands took to the streets to celebrate. Monday brought a more sobering appraisal, as the country’s political and economic crises remain as vexing as ever. The Senate will now vote on whether to try Ms. Rousseff on charges of using money from   banks to hide a budget deficit. _____ 3. The Supreme Court appeared sharply divided over a challenge to President Obama’s plan to allow millions of undocumented immigrants to stay in the country. Though the case may result in a significant ruling on presidential power and immigration policy, much of the argument was highly technical. Even so, two of the justices took time to acknowledge the ruling’s implications, including Sonia Sotomayor, who nodded to the millions of immigrants who live “in the shadows. ” _____ 4. The death toll from the earthquake that hit Ecuador on Saturday night rose to 350 as residents and rescue crews continued to unearth victims. More than 2, 000 people were injured by the  .8 quake, the strongest to hit the country in decades. “It’s incredible what has happened to us  —   that our city is destroyed and we’re experiencing such anguish and pain,” one resident said. _____ 5. Last month, the elite Phillips Exeter Academy disclosed that it had removed a teacher in 2011 over sexual misconduct in the 1970s and ’80s. The announcement shook loose allegations against other employees, and a second teacher was fired Wednesday. Exeter is the latest in a string of American prep schools that have been rocked by similar accusations, and experts say the publicity has started to yield changes. Schools are   their methods for preventing sexual abuse and are becoming more receptive to students who report it. _____ 6. A federal appeals court affirmed a legal settlement between the N. F. L. and the potentially thousands of retired players who were injured during their careers by repeated hits to the head. Some players objected to the deal, originally struck in 2013 and amended in 2014, believing the settlement of up to $5 million per player was not adequate. But the court said that those criticisms “risk making the perfect the enemy of the good. ” _____ 7. Houston woke up to find its lower areas underwater Monday after thunderstorms drenched the city with as much as two feet of rain. Schools and colleges closed across southeastern Texas, traffic was paralyzed by the flooding and about 110, 000 customers were left without power. _____ 8. A European court ruling has made Google the final authority on individual Europeans’ requests that web pages referring to them be removed from its searches. More than 417, 000 people have asked that Google “forget” them, but the company, working behind closed doors, has approved fewer than half of those requests, leaving critics dissatisfied. “It’s a   solution,” one said. _____ 9. A nonprofit group in Washington State has come up with a novel solution to a shortage of affordable housing: hoisting unwanted houses from Canada onto barges and transporting them to where they are needed in the state. The idea, while unusual, has proved to be less expensive than building new houses. _____ 10. The recipients of this year’s batch of Pulitzer Prizes were announced on Monday. The Associated Press won the award for public service for a series on slavery in the Southeast Asia fishing trade. Broadway’s “Hamilton” picked up the prize for drama. And The Times won prizes for international reporting and breaking news photography, including the above picture. _____ 11. On Sunday night, HBO dusted its hands of the fifth season of “Girls,” running two episodes, including the season finale,   . Our critic writes that the sudden disposal points to the “national indifference that’s accrued” around the show, as well as a heap of   offerings coming from the network. But he also praises “Girls” for remaining ambitious, writing that it’s “never stopped looking for the grander, harsher psychological picture. ” _____ 12. What is a dog? A new book argues that the loving, lovable creatures that many of us consider our best animal friends are not perfectly representative of the species. An estimated   of the dogs on Earth are not pets, instead living their lives as   or undomesticated scavengers. The book’s authors argue that those dogs hold the key to canine nature. _____ Your Evening Briefing is posted at 6 p. m. Eastern. And don’t miss Your Morning Briefing, posted weekdays at 6 a. m. Eastern, and Your Weekend Briefing, posted at 6 a. m. Sundays. Want to look back? Here’s the Weekend Briefing. What did you like? What do you want to see here? Let us know at briefing@nytimes. com.",0
4051,How To BE Your Own Healer,By Rosanne Lindsay You were born to be a healer. We are all healers by birthright. There is no rulebook on healing. We are simply created to heal ourselves. In order to appreciate that inherent... ,0
4052,"McCain, Graham Call for ’Stronger Sanctions’ on Russia for ’Attack’ on US - Breitbart","During a tour of the Baltic states, Sens. John McCain ( ) and Lindsey Graham ( ) called for tougher sanctions against Russia Sunday over hacking allegations.  “We will be working for much tougher sanctions against Russia,” McCain said. “They attacked the United States of America. The hacking was an attack and it should be treated as such. ” “We strongly urge our colleagues to enact more meaningful and stronger sanctions against Russia because of their attack,” he added. Graham said he hopes to “make 2017 a year of offense. ” He said in front of reporters, “We believe that [Vladimir] Putin has hacked into our elections in America, that he’s trying to undermine democracy all over the world, and it’s time for new sanctions to hit him hard. ” (  RCP Video) Follow Trent Baker on Twitter @MagnifiTrent",0
4053,What Snap’s I.P.O. Filing Reveals About the Company - The New York Times,"Snap, the parent of Snapchat, disclosed several important aspects of its business in its initial public offering document. The complete filing is here. Below are notable excerpts. Prospective investors will be drawn to how quickly Snap has grown its advertising business in roughly two years, with the company showing a nearly sevenfold increase between 2015 and last year. The question is how long the   can maintain anywhere close to that kind of growth. The company said in its prospectus that it views daily active users as a critical measure of engagement  —   a measure that is tracked closely by similar companies. (Facebook on Wednesday reported that it had an average of 1. 23 billion daily active users in December.) As does every company in this kind of filing, Snap laid out a number of potential risks to its business. Among them is Britain’s decision to leave the European Union, what has come to be known as Brexit, which could pose large problems for the company because it recently designated London as its international hub. Snap noted that other countries may choose to censor Snapchat. Moreover, the company pointed out that many of Google’s services, which power a significant portion of Snap’s computer services, are restricted in China. So, according to Snap, it isn’t clear “if we will be able to enter the market in a manner acceptable to the Chinese government. ” The company was originally built for users to send   photographs and messages to their friends. But the company’s ambitions have grown to include user stories, news and branded content. Evan Spiegel, 26, one of Snap’s two founders, started the company while he was a student at Stanford. Mr. Spiegel, who is the company’s chief executive and serves on the board, owns a stake in the company that was worth $3. 7 billion at the end of last year. His 2016 compensation package came to $2. 6 million and included $503, 205 in base salary, a $1 million bonus and $901, 635 in other compensation that covered his $890, 339 personal security budget. The company’s chief strategy officer, Imran Khan, received nearly $151 million during that same time, largely because of a $145 million stock award when he joined the company from the investment bank Credit Suisse in 2015. A month before the company first filed initial public offering documents with the Securities and Exchange Commission, its two   each sold stock worth $8. 1 million. The company more than tripled its employee ranks from 2015 to 2016. Yet even with 1, 859 staffers, the company has a relatively small number of workers relative to its valuation. Snap noted that it hired a law firm that employs Mr. Spiegel’s father. The elder Mr. Spiegel is a litigator who represented Transocean, which operated the Deepwater Horizon rig at the center of the BP oil disaster. The company has attracted a number of prominent backers, who are expected to reap handsome rewards  —   if only on paper  —   in the initial public offering. Among them are investment firms like Benchmark Capital, which owns about 13 percent of the company. Snap’s offering is being led by Morgan Stanley and Goldman Sachs. Morgan Stanley won the desired “lead left” position on the prospectus, which indicates that it is the bank that will play the biggest role in the offering. The bank also led Facebook’s initial public offering.",0
4054,Two-Hour Marathon. Can It Be Done? - The New York Times,"BEKOJI, Ethiopia  —   Dressed in a soccer jersey and gray pants, Chala Tulu, 14, began walking in his bare feet and then gradually increased his pace around a grass track at Bekoji Elementary School. Tulu wore a mask and a harness fitted with a small battery pack and a device known as a gas analyzer. He had volunteered for a VO2 max test, which measures the maximum amount of oxygen a runner can use. A plow had furrowed the track with lane markers. Eucalyptus trees provided a wind break. Hills of barley and wheat rose in the distance, brown and tan in the weeks after the harvest. As Tulu picked up his speed with an elegant stride, children clapped and chanted his name. Pacing him on a bicycle was the physiologist Yannis Pitsiladis. He had begun testing young athletes, trying to identify promising talent for an audacious plan: to use science to facilitate a    marathon by 2019, a decade or two sooner than many experts think possible. The current record of 2 hours 2 minutes 57 seconds was set in 2014 by Dennis Kimetto of Kenya. Pitsiladis believed that the first runner to break two hours  —   and transform the limits of human endurance  —   would not be a current star but would fit a certain profile: someone who had grown up in a rural East African village at altitude, enhancing his   capacity, and who was accustomed to hours of daily activity, like walking or running to school, hauling water and herding cattle. “The issue which is unknown for a   marathon is age,” said Pitsiladis, an antidoping expert with the International Olympic Committee and a professor of sport and exercise science at the University of Brighton in England. “Is age a limiting factor?” Pitsiladis said. “Nineteen, 20, 21, is that a negative? Maybe 21 will be even better than 29.   might be a wealthy guy he’s not as a hungry. A    could be fearless and hungry, ready to run on coals if it makes him better. ” So Pitsiladis closely observed Chala Tulu. A Westerner, Pitsiladis had become sensitive to the challenges of imposing his ideas on East African runners. Ethiopia’s own traditions and techniques had produced Olympic gold medals for more than half a century. And Ethiopians had a particular and evident pride, derived in part from their never having been colonized by Europeans. For the VO2 max testing, Pitsiladis received ethical clearance from Addis Ababa University in the Ethiopian capital, where he is a visiting professor. And he sought permission from Bekoji Elementary’s principal, vice principal and renowned coach, Sentayehu Eshetu. The men gathered in a small office as Pitsiladis explained his enterprise, the Sub2 Project. He introduced his altitude expert, Zeru Bekele, an Ethiopian, clarifying that this was not an endeavor wholly by outsiders. On this late morning in February, Pitsiladis explained that he wanted “to produce the next Kenenisa,” a reference to Kenenisa Bekele, a native of Bekoji who is an   world   champion, a   Olympic gold medalist on the track, and the   holder at 5, 000 and 10, 000 meters. Bekele and a fellow Ethiopian, Haile Gebrselassie, are widely considered the greatest distance runners in history, and Pitsiladis had enlisted Bekele for his project, not for him to break the   barrier himself but, through training and tests, to better understand what it might take. Pitsiladis spoke respectfully of Eshetu, the coach, who had discovered Bekele and other Olympic champions, choosing potential stars by their body type: short torsos and long legs. “His eyes are good, but he cannot see inside,” Pitsiladis told the principal. “My machine can look inside. ” The   Eshetu consented, saying he welcomed the input of science to help mitigate against trial and error in identifying top athletes. “It’s necessary,” he said, “so we can guess who can be fruitful. ” The vast success of its distance runners has given Ethiopia, one of the world’s poorest countries, a chance to boast on the world stage. Its top stars can make hundreds of thousands of dollars in prize money and appearance fees, a fortune in a nation where the per capita income is $550, according to the World Bank. Yet Ethiopia’s   has faced stiff competition from Kenya and, recently, from Mo Farah, a native of neighboring Somalia and a British citizen who won the 5, 000 meters and the 10, 000 meters at the 2012 London Olympics  —   distances once dominated by Gebrselassie and Bekele. “In Ethiopia, we have the talent, but what we are doing is by chance,” said Gebrselassie, who is now retired. “We don’t have the right coach. We don’t have the right nutritionist. We don’t have psychologist. No doctor. Since Mo Farah, they start to think about the science. ” Bekoji seemed an ideal place for Pitsiladis to start his talent search. A highlands farming village of about 17, 000 nearly 9, 200 feet above sea level, it is one of the world capitals of distance running, having produced 10 Olympic gold medals. Before Tulu was chosen for the VO2 max test, Pitsiladis asked him a few questions. What did he want to become? How far did he travel to school? About three miles, Tulu said. He walked and ran along the main road and a rural path that sliced through barley fields and cut across a riverbed. “Very good, very good,” Pitsiladis called out as Tulu began to circle the track. Tulu ran in a relaxed manner, his stride long and fluid. His heels nearly kicked his backside in a manner similar to that of Bekele, whose likeness, along with the Olympic rings, was painted on the side of a school building. “I want to be a famous runner, like Kenenisa,” Tulu said. Particularly intriguing to Pitsiladis was that Tulu preferred to run without his shoes and had removed them for the test. For more than 30 years, researchers had quantified how the weight of running shoes affected performance. Less weight on the extremities translated into greater running economy, meaning less oxygen was needed to run at a given speed. The aerobic cost of running increases 1 percent per three and a half ounces of shoe weight, which could amount to a minute in a marathon, research showed. Pitsiladis wanted his Sub2 Project to experiment with a minimalist shoe, which might consist only of a film that covered the bottom of the foot. Pitsiladis thought that the runner who first broke two hours might be a young, barefoot athlete who would continue to run without shoes, as Abebe Bikila of Ethiopia did through the cobblestone streets of Rome in winning the 1960 Olympic marathon. (He won again in 1964, this time in shoes.) Pitsiladis had collaborated on a Harvard study, published in Nature in 2010, that found that barefoot runners tended to land on the forefoot or midfoot whereas runners in cushioned shoes tended to land on their heels. Forefoot landings tended to be more gentle, avoiding the large shock waves that travel up the legs of heel strikers, the study found. Thus, barefoot runners, using the foot’s natural architecture, could run comfortably even on the hardest surfaces. “Barefoot is a quick solution that could go wrong, but it could go bloody right,” Pitsiladis said. “If you said I’m only allowing you to choose one thing, which would it be? Because I’m a risky person, I’d say, ‘Let’s do it barefoot. ’” Relatively little scientific research has been conducted on the world’s fastest marathon runners. For one thing, East Africa is not the easiest place to work. The biomedical lab at Addis Ababa University contains hundreds of thousands of dollars of equipment acquired over the years  —      freezers and sophisticated machines, resembling   bread makers, that analyze genes and blood. But because of insufficient funding and a lack of available experts to operate the equipment, much of it was unplugged and covered by tablecloths when Pitsiladis toured the lab with graduate students. “It’s like having a cake shop,” he said. “You’ve got the best sweets in the world, and you can only look at them. ” For his testing in Bekoji, Pitsiladis had haggled for a bicycle a day earlier in a bazaar in Addis Ababa. Eventually, he ventured down an alley, where wet clothes hung on a line, and made a deal. Then he had to make six withdrawals from a cash machine to circumvent its limits. That was a minor inconvenience compared with retrieving a cylinder of oxygen, carbon dioxide and nitrogen from the Ethiopian Revenues and Customs Authority. The canister, needed to calibrate the VO2 max tests, had been shipped from Italy in November because none were available in Ethiopia. Nearly three months later, it had not cleared customs. Before heading to Bekoji, Pitsiladis and Zeru Bekele, his altitude expert, spent a maddening five hours extricating the cylinder from the authorities at Bole International Airport in Addis Ababa. They paid a 100 percent tax on the container and one fee after another. At the last minute, customs officials refused to release the canister to anyone but the purchasing agent from Addis Ababa University. Bekele spent an hour picking up the agent and driving her to the airport. “Come on,” Pitsiladis said in exasperation before leaving for his hotel. “This is ridiculous. ” Ridiculous became surreal when a Charlie Chaplin movie, “The Gold Rush,” began playing in a waiting area at customs. Finally, Bekele secured the canister and took it to Pitsiladis at his hotel. Pitsiladis cradled it like a baby. “No one in their right mind would do this job,” he said with a laugh. A software glitch left the results of Tulu’s VO2 max test unclear. Still, he did not appear to Pitsiladis to be a candidate to eventually break the   barrier. Perhaps no one at the school was. Earlier, as Pitsiladis had arrived and children had gathered around his van, he had said with disbelief and mild disappointment, “They’re all wearing something on their feet!” But Kenenisa Bekele had arranged for the trip with a phone call to Eshetu, his former coach, so Pitsiladis proceeded with the testing. Zeru Bekele, the altitude expert, who is not related to Kenenisa, said he worried that as more schools were built in the countryside, Ethiopian children might lose something athletically by not having to run so far to class. “It could be in Bekoji that we’re 20 years too late,” Pitsiladis said. “These are city kids. ” Perhaps he would have to go to a more remote area to find the next marathon star  —   higher, to 11, 500 feet or 13, 000 feet, where a promising barefoot teenager might live. “Maybe the next Abebe Bikila is someone who doesn’t know about athletics and has never heard of the Olympic Games,” Pitsiladis said. He had more immediate concerns. Pitsiladis needed a current star to give legitimacy to his provocative theories and to pique sponsor interest in the Sub2 Project, which he estimated would cost $30 million. One of Pitsiladis’s former doctoral students, Barry Fudge, had found his own willing science subject on the track in Farah, the British Olympic champion. “Yannis would bite his right arm off to find somebody like that,” said Fudge, the head of endurance for the British track and field federation. Pitsiladis had hoped Kenenisa Bekele would be that athlete, but months of dealing with him suggested serious obstacles might still lie ahead as Pitsiladis applied his science to elite runners in Ethiopia. They had worked together before, as Bekele won the 10, 000 meters at the 2007 world track and field championships in Osaka, Japan, and took double gold in the 5, 000 and the 10, 000 at the 2008 Beijing Olympics. Even then, Pitsiladis showed a knack for experimenting in training. To mimic the sticky summer conditions in Asia, Pitsiladis devised a thermal chamber in a home in Addis Ababa, employing heaters and kettles of boiling water while Bekele trained on a treadmill. Bekele then won his races with a punishing kick and regal eyes that seemed to intimidate others with their commanding intent. “I really like the guy,” Pitsiladis said. “He’s the greatest athlete we’ve seen. ” Bekele made his marathon debut in Paris in 2014, finishing first and setting a course record in 2:05:04  —   the   debut ever. But injury sideswiped him. At last year’s Dubai Marathon in the United Arab Emirates, he dropped out after 18 ½ miles, and he withdrew from the London Marathon three months later. In July, Bekele arrived at Pitsiladis’s lab in England about 25 pounds above his competitive weight of 123. He limped when he walked. His right calf was nearly an inch smaller around than his left calf. “I thought it was over,” Pitsiladis said. “He looked like a broken man. ” Injuries had piled up. A stress fracture in his ankle. A torn calf muscle. Strained Achilles’ tendons. It was as if a string had been pulled, yanking Bekele’s back and legs and feet, leaving his muscles out of balance. Bekele was 33. He surely would not be the marathoner to break two hours. (“I’m very close to old,” he said.) Still, he hoped to make a comeback, to win a gold medal in the marathon or the 10, 000 meters at this year’s Olympics in Rio de Janeiro and, later, to beat the world record in the marathon. “I have that vision,” Bekele said. If Pitsiladis could restore Bekele, Pitsiladis believed, sponsors would find the Sub2 Project a worthwhile investment. “The whole world will believe in what I’m doing,” Pitsiladis said. His words were hopeful, if not a sure bet. The two men needed each other but had a complicated relationship. They seem opposites in perhaps every way but their willful determination. Pitsiladis is an extroverted scientist, Bekele a reserved and proud athlete, wary of science, or at least reluctant to change the training that brought him so much success. So although Pitsiladis and Bekele agreed to renew their partnership, it was full of operatic uncertainty. Again and again, Pitsiladis would say, “We’re five minutes from disaster. ” They could not even agree on what foods were good for runners to eat. After a workout in September, Pitsiladis had Bekele stop his sport utility vehicle at a roadside stand in Addis Ababa and climbed out to buy bananas. Bekele took a bite and said, “Bananas are not good sometimes. ” Pitsiladis told him: “They’re good all the time. They refuel the muscles. ” Bekele did not mean he disliked the taste. “He thinks bananas make you fat,” Pitsiladis said. When he visited Addis Ababa in September, Pitsiladis found that Bekele had bought into some of the prescribed rehab program but not all of it. For the first time, he was working regularly with weights and using exercise balls to strengthen his core muscles. He agreed to quit eating cakes and to adhere to a traditional,   Ethiopian diet of stews and a spongy flatbread called injera. By late September, Bekele had dropped 11 pounds. Pitsiladis planned each meal, restricting Bekele’s calorie intake to about 1, 785 per day. “Just enough to keep you alive,” Pitsiladis told Bekele. Yet Bekele resisted the professional techniques employed by physiotherapists for the Sub2 Project. He preferred a simple massage from a friend. He was not the only Ethiopian runner sensitive about who worked on his legs. “If I treat five or six athletes in a day, they believe I can’t help them anymore because I’ve taken all the bad energy from the other athletes and it will affect them in a negative way,” said Jonathan Schaible, a physiotherapist who worked with Bekele. Part of this distrust stems from beliefs in the Ethiopian Orthodox Tewahedo Church, athletic officials said. Religious figures known as debteras are considered fortune tellers and magical healers but are also said to summon spirits that bring misfortune and sickness. Some athletes carry protective amulets and sprinkle holy water into their workout bags, fearing that competitors could put a hex on them, Zeru Bekele said. In late September, on his way to train at Entoto, a eucalyptus forest above Addis Ababa, Kenenisa Bekele stopped to pray at a shrine outside the octagonal, brightly painted St. Mary’s Church. He referred to debteras as priests and said he considered them “very clever. ” “If they want to make someone crazy, they can,” Bekele said. “If they want to kill you, they kill you indirectly. You can’t see, but they send some powers, some evil, to you. ” This subject had been one of intense discussion between Bekele and Pitsiladis. Last summer, when Bekele went to England for treatment, the two sat in a car and talked for hours. According to Pitsiladis, Bekele told him: “I don’t need this treatment. All I need is for the priests to O. K. me. ” If that was what he believed, Pitsiladis said he replied, perhaps Bekele should return to Ethiopia. He stayed. Pitsiladis, who is Greek Orthodox, gave him a painting of St. Raphael, who was martyred on the Greek island Lesbos. “I wanted to demonstrate that, while religion may be important, don’t let people use religion to take over your mind,” Pitsiladis said. “You are in control of your destiny, not these people around you. ” When he left Addis Ababa in September, Pitsiladis seemed more encouraged. Bekele had agreed to regular physiotherapy. He was sticking to his diet. In early November, the tentative assurance evaporated. Bekele wore an unfamiliar pair of shoes on a long run and strained his left Achilles’ tendon. His training became irregular. He put on weight and sometimes resisted physiotherapy. Plans for any exotic training methods affiliated with the Sub2 Project faltered. There would be only a desperate attempt to get Bekele to the starting line of the London Marathon on April 24, a race in which he would have to give an encouraging performance to qualify for Ethiopia’s Olympic marathon team. In January, Bekele traveled to Munich to visit a popular and controversial doctor,    . His supporters, including the Jamaican sprint star Usain Bolt, swear by him and call him Healing Hans. But some scientists have questioned his unconventional treatments, such as injections of Actovegin, a filtered extract of calf’s blood, along with lubricants and antioxidants. Travis Tygart, the chief executive of the United States   Agency, once described  ’s injections to ESPN as a “  treatment. ” Pitsiladis accompanied Bekele to Munich, wary of the treatments. At least   admonished Bekele to follow the rehab program the Sub2 Project had prescribed, Pitsiladis said. (  declined a request for an interview.) When Pitsiladis returned to Addis Ababa in February, he placed Bekele on an even stricter diet, 1, 000 to 1, 500 calories a day. As his weight declined, so would the pain in his heel. That was the hope, anyway. The London Marathon was only 10 weeks away. In March, Bekele turned inward, secretive, as he sometimes had at the height of his career. He declined to tell Pitsiladis about his training regimen. He would not allow his physiotherapist to weigh him. “He likes to make history when no one is watching,” said Mersha Asrat, Bekele’s coach. Pitsiladis grew exasperated. But he had gotten Bekele in sufficient shape to run the London Marathon. Bekele was no longer the broken runner he had been. In an instant message, he told Pitsiladis, “Thank you for believing in me. ” Pitsiladis replied: “I believe in you 100 percent. And you need to trust me 100 percent. Then we can do it together. ” Eliud Kipchoge of Kenya eventually won in 2:03:05, the   marathon ever. While Bekele was left to run alone in the final miles, he gamely finished third in 2:06:36. The running world buzzed about his comeback. If chosen for Ethiopia’s marathon team for the Rio Olympics, he was expected to be a medal contender. “It was nice because I come back from injury,” Bekele said. “Not bad. ” Pitsiladis hugged Bekele. Perhaps now, Bekele would more readily buy into a scientific approach to training. “Let’s see,” Pitsiladis said. In any case, the Sub2 Project would continue. Pitsiladis planned to open a training center in Kenya and hoped to enlist Kipchoge. The International Olympic Committee had pledged funding to his lab for antidoping research, Pitsiladis said. The money could also be used for altitude research in the Sub2 Project. An American biotech firm had also shown interest, Pitsiladis said. “I want to impact a life,” he said of his desire to break the   barrier. “You’re here once. You want to do something that matters. I wanted to be an athlete in the Olympics. I didn’t do it. So how else can you make a mark that you were here? I think it’s important. ”",0
4055,"As The World Awaits The U.S. Election Outcome, Buckle Up For Some Rough Times","10 Views November 07, 2016 GOLD , KWN King World News 
As the world awaits the outcome of the election in the United States, buckle up for some rough times. 
James Turk: “Everybody who I speak with here in London, Eric, asks me about the US election. I’ve never seen anything like the amount of interest it has sparked. Without any doubt the election has grabbed the attention of people from around the world… Sponsored 
An attorney friend I was speaking to the other day called it a remarkable event. I said it had become more like a spectacle than an event. There have been so many twists and turns, it is hard to keep track of all of them. But the stock market seems to relaying a consistent message. 
The S&P dropped 9 consecutive days after the FBI announced it had found more Clinton emails, and that it was re-opening its investigation. Today the stock market is soaring as a result of the FBI’s announcement this weekend that there was nothing new in this latest bundle of emails. 
Of course, no one really knows what, if any, the impact has been or will be on the final counting of the votes. I don’t rely on the polls, as the mainstream media seems to use them more for massaging public opinion than to offer an unbiased result. 
The Brexit Surprise And the record of polls is poor in any case. Just a few months ago the polls here in the UK said Brexit would be voted down. 
Normally I do rely on the forecasting ability of the stock market for many things. But not this time. The stock market does not reflect the majority of Americans, most of whom do not own stocks. 
It is pretty clear what the stock market is saying. A Clinton victory will be good for stocks, and that a Trump victory would be bad for stocks. But the real situation is not likely to reflect such a simple theory. 
There are just too many unpredictable factors. Nevertheless, we do need to be thinking about what happens after the election, regardless of the outcome. 
In this regard, we have to recognize that there is no magic wand that will solve the country’s problems just because there is a new president, which explains in part why I remain so bullish on the precious metals. 
In 1913 A Monster Was Created Ever since the creation of the Federal Reserve in 1913, the dollar’s purchasing power has been headed downhill. There are of course occasional upward bounces along this downward path, some of which last for months or even years. But slowly and surely the purchasing power of the dollar is being eroded away. 
Importantly, that decline of the dollar is not likely to change regardless who gets elected. So how does one protect their wealth from this ongoing debasement of the dollar? 
This answer is simple. Own tangible things that are useful. Don’t rely on financial assets that are based on promises. In other words, the strategy to protect your wealth – your purchasing power – is to own tangible assets and avoid financial assets. So own things like gold, silver, farmland, mines and other tangible assets of value. Avoid assets like bank deposits, T-bills and bonds. And buckle up for some rough sailing ahead, regardless who wins.” 
***KWN has now released the extraordinary audio interview with Egon von Greyerz, where he gives KWN listeners a look what is really happening behind the scenes globally and in the gold market, and you can listen to it by CLICKING HERE OR ON THE IMAGE BELOW. 
***ALSO RELEASED: ALERT: Former Soros Just Warned This Is Going To Send The World Into Total Chaos CLICK HERE. 
© 2015 by King World News®. All Rights Reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed. However, linking directly to the articles is permitted and encouraged. About author",0
4056,"Russia, Already Reinserting Itself in Middle East, Enters Israeli-Palestinian Fray - The New York Times","JERUSALEM  —   With the United States pulling back after years of frustrated efforts to break the intractable impasse between Israelis and Palestinians, Russia is stepping forward with its own drive to bring peace to a fractured land. A special envoy has been shuttling through the region, Israeli and Palestinian leaders are jockeying for position, and Russia keeps hinting that a Moscow summit meeting may be in the offing. Never mind that nearly everyone involved here agrees that the effort will almost certainly not lead to a settlement of the   dispute. Russia’s newfound Middle East peace push, part of President Vladimir V. Putin’s reinsertion of Moscow into the region in a profound way after years of retreat, seems to be about everything but finding peace in the Middle East. Instead, it is about Moscow’s ambitions and competition with Washington, exemplified by its intervention in Syria. Mr. Putin’s military campaign in support of President Bashar   of Syria has transformed the dynamics of that conflict and made Russia a leading player in the area’s geopolitics, thwarting Washington’s diplomatic efforts. Alongside its deep engagement in Syria, Russia’s recent rapprochement with Turkey and    alliance with Iran have made Russia a major actor in the region in a way it has not been since the Cold War. The Kremlin’s diplomatic endeavor in Jerusalem has become something of a   geopolitical billiards game in which each side is counting on a bank shot to leave itself in a better position. Israel is determined to deflect what it considers more threatening interventions by the French or even the Americans. The Palestinian leadership, facing internal challenges and plummeting support on the street, is trying to shore up its standing at home and abroad by showing it is willing to do something. Almost beside the point is whether a meeting actually takes place, much less yields tangible progress toward reconciliation between two hostile populations. “I don’t think even the Russians have much hope that they are going to make magic,” said Zakaria   a professor of national security studies at Al Quds University in East Jerusalem. While Russia has always been fitfully involved in   peace efforts over the years, Mr. Putin now seems intent on taking the lead, both as a poke at Washington amid continuing tension over Syria and Ukraine and as a show of Russian significance. Mr. Putin has made a point of developing a relationship with Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu of Israel even as Mr. Netanyahu has feuded with President Obama. “They’re eager to become an important player, a big shot in the Middle East,” said Zvi Magen, a former Israeli ambassador to Russia who is now a senior research fellow at the Institute for National Security Studies in Tel Aviv. “The idea is not to reach any specific results, but it’s good for Russia. They don’t need results. They need the process itself. ” So far, all they have is the process. After Mr. Putin’s special envoy met with Mr. Netanyahu and officials of the Palestinian Authority led by President Mahmoud Abbas, in recent days, Moscow declared that the two had agreed “in principle” to meet. But no date was set, and neither side openly confirmed an agreement to sit down. Until now, Mr. Abbas insisted that before any meeting Israel must freeze its construction of settlements in the West Bank and release prisoners. Mr. Netanyahu had insisted that he would meet only if there were no preconditions. It remained unclear whether Mr. Abbas had dropped his conditions, but even if he had, his team held out little hope for a meeting in the near term. A senior Palestinian official, who insisted on anonymity because of the shifting nature of the diplomacy, said his side had agreed to a meeting in principle, but there was no date and he did not expect that there would be soon. The official refused to specify whether Mr. Abbas was demanding any terms for the meeting, saying only that there had been “no change in the Palestinian position” regarding settlement construction. He reiterated the Palestinian assertion that the demand for a settlement freeze is not a precondition, but an obligation under international law. The Palestinians argued that Mr. Netanyahu was the one who did not really want a meeting brokered by the Russians. But his office maintained that he would go anywhere, anytime to meet as long as no terms were required to sit down. “If the Palestinian Authority can say with one voice that they are willing to meet without preconditions, then Prime Minister Netanyahu will meet President Abbas,” said David Keyes, a spokesman for the Israeli leader. Always a crafty tactician, Mr. Netanyahu seems to be gambling that the Palestinians will never drop their terms while he gets to contend that he is open to negotiations. In reality, analysts said, he wants to undercut a French effort to broker talks and is especially worried that Mr. Obama, his nemesis, might go to the United Nations after the American election in November to seek a resolution outlining terms of a possible peace deal. If there is even the appearance of progress in Moscow, Mr. Netanyahu hopes it may discourage Mr. Obama from acting for fear of appearing to be interfering, some scholars said. “It’s good to show the United States that he’s a relatively good player at this game,” said Mr. Magen, the former Israeli ambassador. Mr. Netanyahu may also have a domestic interest in playing along with the appearance of progress if he is serious about broadening his governing coalition by luring in Isaac Herzog, the current opposition leader, and at least part of his   Zionist Union party. In another indication of the toxic atmosphere that does not seem conducive to peace talks, Mr. Netanyahu released a video on Friday accusing the Palestinian leadership of demanding a Palestinian state with “no Jews” in it. “There’s a phrase for that,” he said. “It’s called ethnic cleansing. ” The Palestinians have protested this charge that has cropped up of late, saying there is a difference between what Mr. Netanyahu is claiming and their refusal to legitimize the settlements. The Palestinians view the Moscow peace bid as a way to keep their cause on the international radar screen. For Mr. Abbas, who faces internal dissent, it is also a way of keeping power. “The Palestinians want to give the impression that their issue is still high in the sky and everybody is losing sleep because of the Palestinian question,” Professor Qaq said. “But I think this is an illusion. ” Mr. Abbas prefers the effort led by the French, who have traditionally been more sympathetic to the Palestinian cause, and he must maneuver carefully to keep the Russians from pointing at him as the obstacle to peace, analysts said. Not that the Russian effort has much chance either way. “It’s all nonsense,” Ziad Abu Zayyad, a journalist and former Palestinian Authority minister, said on Israeli radio. “I don’t see any point in a meeting between Abu Mazen and Netanyahu,” he added, using Mr. Abbas’s nickname. “There were already tens of meetings like this, and they bore no fruit. ”",0
4058,Sen. Joe Manchin: Judge Gorsuch ’a Good Man’ No ‘Just Reason to Filibuster’ Him,"Sen. Joe Manchin ( ) spoke with Breitbart News Daily SiriusXM host Alex Marlow on Friday about several topics, including Trump’s position on coal, his rally in West Virginia, the   state of play in American politics today, as well as the nomination of Judge Gorsuch to the Supreme Court. [While pointing out his dissatisfaction with how he believes Obama nominee Judge Merrick Garland was treated, Manchin said on Gorsuch and his nomination, “The   is, if you want a working judicial branch of the government, you’ve got to have nine [justices]. You get to Judge Gorsuch, you start looking at, basically, the qualities of the human being  —   his temperament, his educational attainment, how he’s viewed by his peers, how his rulings have been. ”  Added Manchin, “I could not find a reason why this man, this good man, Judge Gorsuch, should not at least be allowed to have an up or down vote. ” He also said, “I could not see a just reason to filibuster this person,” indicating his decision to vote for cloture on the nomination. Breitbart News Daily airs on SiriusXM Patriot 125 weekdays from 6:00 a. m. to 9:00 a. m. Eastern. ",0
4059,Syrian FM Calls on Refugees to Return Home,"DAMASCUS (SYRIA) (AFP)  —   Syria’s foreign minister on Monday called on the country’s refugees to return home, official media reported, without directly commenting on a US ban targeting them. [Walid Muallem “renewed the invitation of the government to Syrian refugees living in neighbouring countries to return to their country” the SANA news agency said.  The minister “stressed the country was ready to receive them and grant them a dignified life” the agency reported, as Muallem met UN refugee agency chief Filippo Grandi. On Friday, US President Donald Trump issued an executive order to suspend Syrian refugee arrivals indefinitely and impose tough controls on travellers from seven countries, including Syria, for 90 days. The minister spoke after President Bashar  ’s forces on Sunday retook control of a key region that supplies water to the capital. The army’s recapture of Wadi Barada from rebels comes a month after Assad’s forces pushed the armed opposition out of east Aleppo, taking back control of the whole of the northern city. Syria’s rebels still hold to the northwestern province of Idlib, the Western Ghouta area outside the capital and areas in the south of the country. Syria’s conflict has killed more than 310, 000 people since it erupted in 2011 with the brutal repression of   protests. The war has forced 4. 8 million people to flee Syria, according to the United Nations High Commissioner for Refugees. Turkey has taken in more than 2. 7 million Syrians, the UNHCR says, and is now the main host country. It is followed by Lebanon with more than one million Syrian refugees, according to the UN. The UNHCR says Jordan has taken in 655, 000 Syrians, but Amman says the number is much higher at 1. 4 million. At least another 228, 000 Syrians have taken refuge in Iraq and 115, 000 in Egypt, the refugee agency says. Syrian refugees have in increasing numbers travelled to, or tried to reach, Europe, making the perilous journey overground or by sea.",0
4060,Dani Rovira protagonizará el mensaje de Navidad del Rey,"Dani Rovira protagonizará el mensaje de Navidad del Rey TAMBIÉN INTERPRETARÁ AL ESPAÑOL AL QUE LE TOCA EL GORDO DE NAVIDAD televisión 
El popular actor Dani Rovira será el encargado de dirigirse este año a los españoles en el tradicional mensaje de Navidad. Hasta ahora, ningún ciudadano de a pie había conseguido este privilegio, reservado al Rey de España. 
La trayectoria del actor ha vivido una tendencia inversa a la de la monarquía. Desde su debut en “8 apellidos vascos”, su popularidad ha ido en aumento, al contrario que los Borbones, que han notado como el caso Nóos les ha pasado factura. “Era el momento idóneo”, afirma Rovira. Además, está seguro de que la repercusión de salir en todos los canales a la vez le beneficiará de cara a su siguiente gran reto: intepretar al español al que le ha tocado la Lotería este año. 
Rovira no ha querido avanzar nada del contenido del mensaje, aunque ha prometido muchas sorpresas. “Es posible que aparezca Carmen Machi en algún momento interpretando a doña Letizia, peo por ahora no hay nada seguro”, ha explicado el intérprete y cómico. Según fuentes cercanas al actor, él mismo estaría escribiendo parte de texto, que incluirá reflexiones sobre lo diferentes que son hombres y mujeres y lo mala que está la comida de los aviones. 
Juan José Cela, representante del cómico, explica que Rovira lleva varias semanas preparándose para el papel, empeorando su dicción e incluso viajando a Arabia Saudí para cerrar negocios turbios. 
La Casa Real no ha querido pronunciarse al respecto. Únicamente ha comentado que Rovira es una buena alternativa al Rey, ya que haber trabajado en “8 apellidos vascos” y “8 apellidos catalanes” le otorga una legitimidad “más que razonable” para afrontar la cuestión del desafío secesionista. 
Mediaset no descarta que el año que viene el mensaje corra a cargo de Antonio Recio y Amador, populares personajes de la exitosa serie “La que se avecina”.",0
4061,"Americans Should Be ‘Confident’ in Vigorous Election Debate, Transition","Get short URL 0 0 0 0 White House spokesperson Josh Earnest said that the outgoing president and the incoming president of the United States will work effectively together to ensure a seamless transition. © AP Photo/ Julio Cortez 2016 US Presidential Election Costs May Exceed Record $6.6Bln WASHINGTON (Sputnik) — Despite rhetoric used in the current US presidential election, Americans should be confident in the process and that there will be a peaceful transition of power, White House spokesperson Josh Earnest said in a press briefing on Wednesday. ""The American people should draw some confidence from the idea that we can engage in a vigorous debate in this country, and then when the votes are tallied… the outgoing president and the incoming president will work effectively together to ensure a seamless transition,"" Earnest stated. 
The 2016 campaign between US presidential candidates Hillary Clinton and Donald Trump has been marked by hostile rhetoric and personal insults. 
Additionally, Trump said in the third and final presidential debate on October 19 that he would first look at the election result before deciding whether to accept it. © REUTERS/ Mike Segar Could Trump Be Right Just This Once? US Voters Concerned Over Election Fraud The comment prompted concerns among commentators that Trump would undermine the peaceful transfer of power that is a hallmark of US elections.
The White House later said Obama would personally escort Trump to the US Capitol for his inauguration if the Republican is elected president. 
Trump, but also numerous other critics, have claimed that the election is rigged and pointed to failures of the US election system to prevent voter fraud. Some of the criticisms include the lack of mechanism to verify that individuals are legally entitled to vote as well as to keep people from voting more than once. 
Moreover, critics have raised the issue of voting machines being highly vulnerable to manipulation and hacking. ...",0
4062,"Hillary Abruptly Stops At Rally, Couldn’t Hide What Happened Seconds Later","Hillary Abruptly Stops At Rally, Couldn’t Hide What Happened Seconds Later Posted on October 27, 2016 by Robert Rich in Politics Share This 
While speaking at her latest rally in Florida, Hillary Clinton’s speech took an abrupt turn as she just stopped in the middle of a sentence. Unfortunately for her, what happened just seconds later was all caught on tape – and she couldn’t hide it. 
Despite what she would have you believe, Hillary is not as healthy as she claims. As we’ve seen strange eye movements that hint toward Parkinson’s disease and an ever increasing difficulty to get up or down a flight of stairs , it’s safe to say she won’t make it 4 years in our White House. Hillary Clinton 
However, her most recent stunt has set a few people on edge as it goes to show that she’s suffering from more than just physical impairments. According to The American Mirror , the female presidential hopeful suffered an embarrassing moment as her brain seemingly froze mid-sentence. 
All caught on video, Hillary was speaking in Lake Worth, Florida on the topic of solar energy when the crowd started to cheer. At that moment, Hillary stopped dead in her tracks and tried to stutter through her thoughts. 
“They’re not exactly known as the sunshine states,” Clinton said. “There’s a lot of great things about those states, but think about the jobs that can be created, as well as contributing to what we need to do together to save…” she said before awkwardly pausing and finally adding, “…our country and the world.” 
Unfortunately for her, not even she could hide the embarrassing brain freeze as it was all caught on camera. Although some people are saying she may have been distracted, that doesn’t seem to be the case as it has happened before. 
In fact, there is also footage of the last ordeal that took place before she gained the nomination. While speaking at a rally where she was attacking Bernie Sanders, a similarly embarrassing series of events played out: 
Many people have been saying how Hillary’s brain isn’t quite up to par, but we’re seeing more and more of it as her campaign progresses. She has been in the campaign spotlight for about a year now, and America is starting to catch on to her dirty little secret. 
If she can’t handle one year on the campaign trail, how is she going to look in another few years after suffering the abuse that a presidential term comes with? Any responsible person would have dropped out long ago – like maybe, the first time she literally dropped in the streets at the 9/11 memorial event in New York City. 
It just goes to show how far this woman is willing to go in her pursuit of power. Let’s just hope that Donald Trump shuts her down in November before she can do our nation any more harm.",0
4063,Michael Moore: U.S. ‘Sh*ts On Their Own’ More than Any Other Country,"  documentary filmmaker Michael Moore says the Trump administration’s efforts to repeal and replace Obamacare is proof that no nation on earth “sh*ts on its own” people the way the U. S. does. [“Civilized countries that have universal healthcare  —   no country, no group of people, no tribe sh*ts on their own to the extent and the level that we do to each other it’s the most embarrassing and humiliating thing about this great country,” Moore said on a conference call Thursday held by the Progressive Democrats of America.  “Humans anyplace else, what they don’t do is sh*t on their own,” Moore said. “They need their own for their own defense. They need their own for their own survival  —   they need their own. They need to protect their children, not say to the child, ‘sorry, no, we got rid of Obamacare. We won’t help you. You’re sick? Tough. ’” Moore predicted that Trump would work with Congress to “retain as much or most, even all” of the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act, signed into law by President Obama in 2010 and commonly called Obamacare, because at the end of the day Trump “likes being popular. ” “[Trump is] trying to find a way to have his cake and eat it too, basically. He likes being popular. He likes his ratings. He does not want to be seen  —   and he said this during the campaign  —   as the guy who is throwing 20 million people out on the curb. He said that because he wouldn’t be very popular then,” Moore explained. “He will look for a way to retain as much or most, even all, and I think he’s learned that the worst thing about Obamacare to his supporters is the fact that it’s called Obamacare,” Moore continued. “And I think he’s just going to change the name, you know, the man is all about branding. ” On Wednesday, conservative lawmakers called on Trump to work with Republican leaders in Congress to completely repeal the health care law. But Moore says Trump will likely keep much of Obamacare intact, and move merely to change the law’s name and make adjustments. The   went on to praise the 9th Circuit Court of Appeals for its   ruling upholding a lower court’s order halting President Trump’s temporary   executive order. “The more we can discombobulate him, the better,” Moore said of the ruling. Moore also told Progressive Democrats of America members that the liberal left is “doomed” if Rep. Keith Ellison ( .) doesn’t win his race to become the next chairman of the Democratic National Committee.   Follow Jerome Hudson on Twitter @jeromeehudson",0
4064,Comment on 10 Movies That Could Change Your Understanding Of Life by 10 Movies That Could Change Your Understanding Of Life - Upside Down Media,"Some films can summon such profound questions that they change the way you perceive life as you once knew it. The following list contains 10 unique movies which do just that. 10) Donnie Darko Richard Kelly’s cult-classic Donnie Darko stars Jake Gyllenhaal as a troubled, sleep-walking teen who insists on challenging authority and who is often visited by Frank, a monstrous rabbit that urges Donnie to perform dangerous and destructive pranks. A haunting work of loneliness, alienation, and the universal desire for companionship and meaning wrapped in the guise of understated ‘80s nostalgia and head-spinning science fiction mythology – Donnie Darko is a film you shouldn’t miss. What makes Donnie Darko especially fascinating is its take on multiple realities and universes. The film explores concepts of imploding universes, black holes, and alternate timelines, leaving most scratching their heads and itching for an immediate second viewing. Richard Kelly stated that the film has varying interpretations, which is why the film is still the object of analysis and debate to this day. advertisement - learn more 9) The Matrix A smartly crafted combination of stimulating action and mind-bending philosophy, The Matrix is a film that casts doubt on our perception of reality. The film’s premise finds Neo (Keanu Reeves), an office-worker by day, computer hacker by night, suddenly stripped of “the grand illusion.” That is, the idea that life as we know is false, a simulated and constructed reality in which mankind is unknowingly imprisoned. The film is an allegory for the concept of a spiritual awakening. Neo is woken up to the fact that he’s been enslaved to the system, the matrix, his entire life. He is re-taught about his unlimited potential as a creator-being, and stands up against the dark forces which hold humanity captive. Amazing in every sense, The Matrix has a lot to offer, with the potential to change the way you understand the world we live in. 8) Waking Life Absurd, transporting, and strikingly original, Waking Life poses many life-changing questions, such as “What are dreams?” and What is reality?” Within the animated film, the lines between the dream-state and reality become blurred as the protagonist wanders through various scenarios and interacts with an eclectic cast of characters. Each character throws science and philosophy into question, and as the main character continues to experience the extended dream, he begins to worry he will not awaken. Humans and inanimate details are sometimes quite realistic, even recognizable (such as Ethan Hawke), but the computer “painting” can give subjects forms, movements, and dimensions that are wildly exaggerated, limber, and stylized in cartoon-like fashion. The movie looks like an LSD trip, and is a cult classic that could find a spot on everyone’s top ten list. 7) Cloud Atlas Colossal in scale, Cloud Atlas follows 6 interwoven story lines that span hundreds of years. The official synopsis describes it as “an exploration of how the actions of individual lives impact one another in the past, present, and future, as one soul is shaped from a killer into a hero, and an act of kindness ripples across centuries to inspire a revolution.” Cloud Atlas’s prevalent theme delves into the theory of reincarnation, which boasts that an eternal aspect of our self – the soul – experiences any number of lives incarnated here on Earth. The film also explores the concept of karma and the karmic cycle, suggesting that our actions in one lifetime may reverberate into the next. Although the critic consensus is mixed for Cloud Atlas, one must applaud the film for tackling a complex topic like reincarnation, as well as a massively ambitious storyline. 6) Spring, Summer, Fall, Winter, and Spring Spring, Summer, Fall, Winter, and Spring is a Korean film that follows a Buddhist monk and his journey at a monastery which floats on a lake in a pristine forest. The story follows the monk as he passes through the seasons of his life, from childhood to old age. Each changing season acts as a beautiful metaphor and lesson that the main character experiences. The film is very quiet but the breathtaking imagery speaks for itself. Although the story has only a handful of characters and everything takes place in a small area, it encompasses a surprisingly broad portion of the human experience, including lust, love, jealousy, murder, suicide, and redemption. It has important things to say about the difficulty of teaching and the elusiveness of wisdom. This film is about learning from one’s mistakes and becoming a better person by seeking wisdom. 5) Samsara In a number of Eastern faiths, samsara literally means “continuous flow,” referring obliquely to the ongoing cycle of life and death, decay and renewal. Samsara the film turns that idea into a sprawling concept, a continuous flow of images of the natural world and the human tide that dominates it. The film envelops the audience in a barrage of diverse imagery that shifts rapidly from one locale and one theme to the next. Through watching the continuous imagery, we are given the chance to truly observe our world with utmost presence, something we tend not do in our fast-paced culture. It’s a journey through life and death, and a film which may give you a new perspective on the human experience. 4) Detachment Detachment is a chronicle of one month in the lives of several high school teachers, administrators, and students through the eyes of a substitute teacher named Henry Barthes (Adrien Brody). Barthes’ method of imparting vital knowledge to his temporary students is interrupted by the arrival of three women in his life — the damaged and naïve prostitute Erica, a troubled teen named Meredith, and a fellow teacher. These women all have profound effects on Barthes’ life, forcing him to not only re-discover aspects of his own personality, but to come to terms with both the tragic suicide of his mother and the impending death of his grandfather. Henry impacts his students’ lives and makes them more focused and attentive, but he alone can only do so much. The film is a character study of one man, and a social commentary on the failing education and social systems. 3) Her Her follows Theodore (Joaquin Phoenix), a lonely, introverted middle-aged man who hears of the new OS1, the world’s first artificial intelligent operating system. When Theodore meets Samantha (Scarlett Johansson), the charming female voice of his OS1, he soon finds himself drawn to her romantically. As he becomes closer to Samantha, Theodore must decipher where his desire to be with her is really coming from. There are many themes in Her that parallel the issues of our current technology-obsessed culture. We’ve become so attached to our phones, laptops, and tablets that we’ve begun to lose touch with an essential aspect of life, authentic human interaction. Her reveals how technology is propelling isolation and loneliness to a frightening degree, something we all should consider. 2) Fight Club Fight Club teaches its viewer many things. A big lesson to take away from watching the film is the emptiness that exists within consumerism and materialism. It’s also a film which questions our attachment to identity – are we really who we believe ourselves to be? The film shocks its viewer when we discover that the “revolution” which has been building up is a mere satire constructed to teach the main character a massive lesson about the state of humanity. 1) Life Is Beautiful Life is Beautiful reveals the power of optimism and perception during dark times. The story is simple: A father tries to shelter his son and family from the horrors of WWII. It teaches us how preserving our child-like innocence can protect us from the troubles life may throw at us. A simple concept that is beautifully crafted. Obviously this list only skims the amount of life-changing films available today. I didn’t even mention documentaries, because there are too many to start listing. What are some movies or documentaries that have impacted your life? Share with us below! Some of the previous film synopses were taken from: Rotten Tomatoes",0
4065,Cartel Robberies Continue Along Mexican Border State Highways,"SAN FERNANDO, Tamaulipas  —   Heavily armed criminals continue robbing and kidnapping unsuspecting motorists that travel along the state highways that connect the border region with the rest of the country. In one of the most recent cases, a group of gunmen attacked a married couple near this city. [The attack and kidnapping took place last week when a couple had been riding in a Dodge Caravan from the Mexican State of San Luis Potosi to the border city of Matamoros, Tamaulipas. According to the complaint that the wife gave authorities, between 3 a. m. and 4 a. m. the couple was crossing an area known as Las Norias in the municipality of San Fernando.   In the woman’s account of events, she claimed that the gunmen ordered them to stop. Acting out of fear, her husband tried to speed off however the gunmen fired at their tires. The husband lost control of the vehicle, going off the road and crashing into a local shop. The woman appears to have passed out during the crash, while the gunmen went toward her husband and took him at gunpoint. This kidnapping marks the third case of disappearances that have been officially recorded by authorities in the areas around San Fernando. Editor’s Note: Breitbart Texas traveled to the Mexican States of Tamaulipas, Coahuila and Nuevo León to recruit citizen journalists willing to risk their lives and expose the cartels silencing their communities.  The writers would face certain death at the hands of the various cartels that operate in those areas including the Gulf Cartel and Los Zetas if a pseudonym were not used. Breitbart Texas’ Cartel Chronicles are published in both English and in their original Spanish. This article was written by “J. A. Espinoza” from Matamoros, Tamaulipas. ",0
4066,Freedom Rider: Organizing in the Age of Hillary,"By BAR editor and senior columnist Margaret Kimberley T he resistance to a Hillary Clinton presidency has already begun. Activists gathered in Chicago “to strategize the fight against police violence, neoliberalism and imperialism,” all of which promise to be hallmarks of her administration. The Black Misleadership Class plays its usual, toadying role. “The liars who said they would hold Obama’s feet to the fire are repeating their empty words and hoping no one pays attention.” “All forms of mass action must be used to deprive Clinton of support or claim of a mandate.” The Hillary Clinton administration, Slick Willie part II, will bring catastrophe unless there is constant agitation waged against it. The same woman who bragged that her party platform was progressive now brags that Republicans endorse her. The situation is urgent but there is no need to despair or to reinvent the wheel. There are groups across the country engaging in protest and they show a clear path for a liberation movement. This columnist joined with 200 activists in Chicago for the Right to Exist, Right to Resist [3] conference organized by the International League of Peoples’ Struggles (ILPS USA). The Chicago Alliance Against Racist and Police Oppression, Michigan Emergency Committee Against War and Injustice, Peoples Organization for Progress, Bayan USA, Chicago Teachers Union, US Palestinian Community Network, Committee to Stop FBI Repression and others met to strategize the fight against police violence, neoliberalism and imperialism. If it is true that no person is an island then no struggle should be waged in isolation. The people of Ferguson, Missouri received support from Palestine during their rebellion against police occupation. The neoliberal onslaught that privatizes education and closes schools also deprives Flint, Michigan of clean water and its democratic rights. American imperialism threatens all life on this planet with its constant provocations against Russia and China which risk world war. “The black “misleaders” are silenced yet again by a prospective Democratic presidency.” Moore: A former Bernie Sanders supporter and recent 100% convert to Hillary—in the name of what? Good proof that liberals are forever blind to much of the world’s realities. This presidential election repeated the sleight of hand which presents the Democrats as the party which defends us from the barbarians. Donald Trump is the foil used to fool millions of people into believing that the errand boys and girls of neoliberalism can also be the guarantors of human rights. Hillary Clinton’s administration will be disastrous for black Americans in particular. The black “misleaders” are silenced yet again by a prospective Democratic presidency. They will not speak up against Hillary Clinton any more than they did against her husband or Barack Obama. They said nothing when Bill Clinton ended the 60-year long entitlement to government benefits. They said nothing when he used the war on drugs as an excuse to lock up thousands of black people with draconian prison sentences. They said nothing when Obama wouldn’t allow those people to request their freedom or when he declined to prosecute even one killer cop. They say nothing when American presidents wage wars of aggression all over the world. We can expect more going along to get along when “two for the price of one” becomes a reality. WHERE ANGELS FEAR TO THREAD FOOLS RUSH IN . This presidential election repeated the sleight of hand which presents the Democrats as the party which defends us from the barbarians. Donald Trump is the foil used to fool millions of people into believing that the errand boys and girls of neoliberalism can also be the guarantors of human rights . Not only must activists do their utmost to fight back against the real life Lady MacBeth but they must call out those who falsely claim to be in their camp. The liars who said they would hold Obama’s feet to the fire are repeating their empty words and hoping no one pays attention. They must be exposed right now and again after election day because they will surely make good on their history of appeasement. The Right to Exist, Right to Resist conference took place on the second anniversary of Laquan McDonald’s murder at the hands of Chicago police. McDonald was only 17 years of age, a child according to American law. His death, the existence of the Homan Square secret prison and other instances of torture and brutality resulted in demands for community control of the police. “She may bring the mothers of police murder victims on to the stage but she has said nothing about ending the death toll.” Chicagoans are struggling to establish an elected Civilian Police Accountability Council [4] (CPAC). Black community control of the police is a mobilizing issue all across the country. The demands began under Obama and must continue after Hillary Clinton takes office. She may bring the mothers of police murder victims on to the stage but she has said nothing about ending the death toll. That task is left for activists who know better than to expect any justice from her. Millions of Americans struggle financially and are displaced by gentrification or fear the police or want to keep their public schools open. But in 2016 they have been led astray by one of the most cynical presidential campaigns of all time. Hillary Clinton preferred Donald Trump as her rival because she was likely to lose to any other Republican. She then used the man she wanted to run against to rally otherwise skeptical voters to her side. The ego maniacal Trump performed as expected and is driving all but dead-ender right wingers to Hillary’s side. There must be no celebrating when her victory is announced. That is the moment when the fights must begin in earnest. All forms of mass action must be used to deprive her of support or claim of a mandate. The champion of the ruling classes cannot be allowed to claim the progressive mantle. That title belongs to the people who met in Chicago and marched in memory of Laquan McDonald. Frederick Douglass’ advice to “Agitate, agitate, agitate,” must still be followed. If not Hillary Clinton will privatize Social Security and find a rationale to start one last disastrous war. She will be stopped only if we assert our right to exist and right to resist. Source URL: http://blackagendareport.com/organizing_in_age_of_hillary",0
4067,Live - Election Day Coverage 2016     :," Live - Election Day Coverage 2016
Video The Real News Watch Party Posted November 08, 2016",0
4068,Watch: SNL Pays Tribute to Obama - ’Don’t Go!’ - Breitbart,"“Saturday Night Live” ended its first   show with Cecily Strong, later joined by Sasheer Zamata, singing Lulu’s “To Sir, With Love” as tribute to the former president.  At the end, the two offered up a mug to Obama that says, “World’s Best President. ” Zamata then pled, “Don’t go!” right before “Thank You President Obama” appeared on the screen. Follow Trent Baker on Twitter @MagnifiTrent",0
4069,"Agencies Clashed on Classification of Clinton Email, Inquiry Shows - The New York Times","WASHINGTON  —   Documents released Monday in the Hillary Clinton email investigation show intense disagreement last year between the State Department and the F. B. I. over whether some of Mrs. Clinton’s emails should be considered classified, including a discussion of a possible “quid pro quo” to settle one dispute. The new batch of documents indicated that in one particular case, a senior State Department official, Patrick F. Kennedy, pressed the F. B. I. to agree that one of Mrs. Clinton’s emails on the 2012 Benghazi attack would be unclassified  —   and not classified as the bureau wanted. What remained unclear from the documents was whether it was Mr. Kennedy or an F. B. I. official who purportedly offered the “quid pro quo”: marking the email unclassified in exchange for the State Department’s approving the posting of more F. B. I. agents to Iraq. Officials at both the F. B. I. and the State Department said Monday that no deal had been struck, or even offered, over the classification of Mrs. Clinton’s private emails. They noted that the Benghazi email in question had been made public with a sentence blocked out, meeting the F. B. I. ’s demand for classification. They also said no additional F. B. I. agents had been posted overseas. There is no indication from the documents that Mrs. Clinton was aware of the discussion. Donald J. Trump and other Republicans nonetheless quickly seized on the new documents as evidence of what Speaker Paul D. Ryan called “a  . ” The F. B. I. ’s latest release of 100 pages of internal investigative files prolonged the intense public scrutiny of Mrs. Clinton’s use of a private email server as secretary of state, which has been perhaps more damaging to her presidential campaign than any other issue. The new documents also cast particular attention on the role of Mr. Kennedy, a State Department civil servant for more than four decades, in working to oversee the review and public release of tens of thousands of Mrs. Clinton’s private emails. One of the F. B. I. reports said State Department employees who reviewed nearly 300 of Mrs. Clinton’s emails on the Benghazi attacks in early 2015 in response to requests from Congress had “felt intense pressure” from Mr. Kennedy and other senior State Department officials to complete their review quickly and “not label anything as classified. ” Mr. Kennedy was part of a   battle between the State Department and the intelligence agencies over Mrs. Clinton’s emails. As the emails were prepared for release, officials from the intelligence agencies argued in some cases that information in them should have been marked classified, while State Department officials countered that they contained the routine business of American diplomacy. State Department officials, who argue that the intelligence agencies are overzealous in classifying information, remain sensitive to criticism that they were sloppy in handling the material. In one of the newly disclosed documents, an unidentified F. B. I. employee told investigators that Mr. Kennedy, through another F. B. I. official, had sought in one case “assistance in altering the email’s classification in exchange for a ‘quid pro quo. ’” The F. B. I. had deemed the email classified, but the State Department disagreed. The employee told investigators that “in exchange for marking the email unclassified, State would reciprocate by allowing the F. B. I. to place more Agents in countries where they are presently forbidden,” according to the F. B. I. ’s summary of the employee’s questioning by investigators. A second F. B. I. interview included in the documents provides a somewhat different version of the dispute over the classification of the Benghazi email, with the suggestion that the F. B. I.  —   and not Mr. Kennedy  —   had offered to make a deal. In the interview, an unidentified F. B. I. official in the international operations division said Mr. Kennedy had complained to him that the F. B. I. classification of the document “caused problems for Kennedy” and that Mr. Kennedy had wanted to give it a different designation and file it in the State Department basement  —   “never to be seen again. ” The unidentified F. B. I. official said he was the one who then “told Kennedy he would look into the email matter if Kennedy would provide authority concerning the F. B. I. ’s request to increase its personnel in Iraq. ” The email they were struggling over was sent on Nov. 18, 2012, by William V. Roebuck, who oversaw the department’s office for North Africa and is now the American ambassador to Bahrain. In it, he notified five other officials of the arrest of “several people” in Libya on suspicion they were connected with the Benghazi attack two months earlier. It was subsequently forwarded to senior officials at the department and then to Mrs. Clinton on her private email account by her deputy chief of staff, Jake Sullivan, with a short “f. y. i. ” note. Mark C. Toner, a State Department spokesman, said that no favors had been exchanged in the discussions of Mrs. Clinton’s emails, and that there had been no change in the number of agents in Iraq as a result of the conversations. “The allegation of any kind of quid pro quo is inaccurate and does not align with the facts,” Mr. Toner said. The F. B. I. also said there was “never a quid pro quo,” but it said the accusations had been referred to the bureau’s inspection division, which handles internal ethics issues, to investigate. The F. B. I. official who discussed the issue with Mr. Kennedy has since left the bureau, an official said. One of Mr. Trump’s foreign policy advisers, Michael T. Flynn, a retired general who headed the Defense Intelligence Agency, said the documents provided “undeniable proof” that Mrs. Clinton had “colluded with the F. B. I. D. O. J. and State Department to cover up criminal activity at the highest levels. ” Two prominent members of the House  —   Jason Chaffetz of Utah, the chairman of the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform, and Devin Nunes of California, the chairman of the Permanent Select Committee on Intelligence  —   called on Secretary of State John Kerry to relieve Mr. Kennedy of his position pending an investigation. In a letter to Mr. Kerry, they accused Mr. Kennedy, the State Department and the F. B. I. of collusion. They charged that the State Department had altered its normal process in reviewing Mrs. Clinton’s emails, consulting directly with the Justice Department and bypassing the F. B. I. ’s input. A spokesman for Mr. Trump’s campaign, Jason Miller, said Mr. Kennedy should resign. Mr. Toner said Mr. Kennedy would remain in his position with the full support of Mr. Kerry. After the email issue emerged in March 2015, Mrs. Clinton insisted for months that she had never sent or received emails that contained classified information. But she was forced to backtrack, as the F. B. I. concluded this summer that at least 110 emails had contained classified information, even if they had not been marked as such at the time.",0
4070,Legend Says This Will Translate Into A $100 Spike In Gold Overnight,"16 Views October 27, 2016 GOLD , KWN King World News 
As we approach the end of October in what has been a tough environment in the gold and silver markets, today a legend in the business sent King World News a powerful piece about the big picture and what will translate into a $100 spike in gold overnight. 
Gold’s Surge To $1,600 By John Ing, M aison Placements October 27 ( King World News ) – For almost two decades, these institutions manipulated rates for their own benefit. Is this the latest hedge fund rigging scandal? No, it’s the world’s leading central banks, including the Bank of Japan (BOJ) manipulating interest rates, after rounds and rounds of large scale quantitative easing (QE) that saw them buy up almost half of the Japanese ETFs. Yet despite manipulating the yield curve and creating money to buy assets like government debt and ETFs, there is growing concern they’ve reached their limit… IMPORTANT: To find out which high-grade silver mining company billionaire Eric Sprott just purchased a nearly 20% stake in and learn why he believes this is one of the most exciting silver stories in the world – CLICK HERE OR BELOW: Sponsored 
In amassing securities through quantitative easing programs, the central banks of Japan, US and UK balance sheets make up 40 percent of global GDP. Just as King Canute could not control the seas, setting interest rates underscores the central banks’ limitation. Now their ultra-low policies and even their existence are under attack. QE infinity has ended. 
Even so, Japan had not one, but two lost decades and the unconventional policies have yet to revive their economy or inflation. Investors are increasingly skeptical over Japan’s multiple forms of easing and rather than go down, the yen gained 20 percent. Having exhausted other policy options, the BOJ promised to keep ten-year government bond yields at zero. The Japanese were among the first to introduce quantitative easing with huge increases in bond purchases by its post office. 
For a time, this worked yet somehow, the two percent inflation target was missed. So each time, a new inflation target was created and subsequently, negative rates was tried and each time, the Japanese government bought more paper the yield curve became flatter with bonds yielding much the same regardless of maturity or creditworthiness. Money became not only too abundant, but worthless. Consumer spending has fallen and despite the largesse, the economy remains in a funk. Investors too became accustomed to this printing policy and “gamed” the money flows generated by central bank policy. As a consequence, Japanese government debt has increased to a whopping 248 percent of gross domestic product and today, the Bank of Japan is among the biggest debtors in the world. 
Central Banks, Trust Me Central banks in Europe and the United States also followed Japan’s path. The Bank of England cut its rate to 0.25 percent, the lowest in its 300 year history and after Brexit, sterling has lost 17 percent of its value. By targeting rates instead of base money, central banks have printed trillions of liquidity that have yet to boost growth or even prices, leaving their credibility in question. Government deficits have become chronic and nowhere are the bail-out provisions prevalent in the private sector. Venezuela might be one of the early casualties. 
Today, almost a third of global government debt now yields negative rates. Markets have been skewed by our central banks’ heavy intervention. Savers have been accumulating assets for centuries but now are penalized because of their governments’ overreliance on zero or negative rates. The evidence is mounting that the pension liabilities of both the private and government have exploded because it costs more to fund future promises. By squeezing credit, the business models of banks, pension and insurance companies are put at risk, as is their lending. 
In principle these institutions are obligated to pay back cash sometime in the future. This promise to pay is often backed by debt securities but when the promise to payback is less than borrowed, the model becomes unsustainable. Central banks’ balance sheets hold up to a third of their own government bonds. Canada’s fifth largest bank, National Bank recently borrowed about €750 million ($1.1 billion) with a 0.00% coupon at 99.72, yielding to maturity 0.04% over 7 years. That investors are willing to accept this return is mind boggling reflecting the artificial topsy turvy environment created by the central banks. Recently the Italian government sold bonds yielding a paltry 2.8 percent implying a negative return to buyers for the next half century. 
Who would buy these? Why, the central banks of course. 
Dueling Regulators Desperate for revenues, a new twist has emerged. The one percenters are under attack. Governments are anti-business. The United States government has closed or forced the closure of multiple tax havens, loopholes and are now pursuing global players outside its borders. The truth is that governments, led by the United States face a chronic debt problem. The European Union has taken this quest for revenues, one step further as the Commission ruled that Apple owes a whopping €14.5 billion in back taxes because they believe that Ireland’s 12 1⁄2 percent tax rate is too low and against European guidelines. 
McDonald’s too faces $500 million payment in back taxes. That the Commission does not have jurisdiction will likely be tested by the courts but this “tit for tat” move nonetheless come at a time when Brexit supporters criticized EU’s overreaching interventionist moves. Other countries, concerned that this super tax grab is a desperate move for revenues are also concerned because it violates their sovereignty and are looking at alternatives. The EU’s political capital is being eroded, threatening its very existence already buffeted by Brexit concerns. Belgium dysfunctionality (Wallonia) and the Italian referendum. 
To be sure the Apple judgment creates new uncertainties since Washington itself has been usurped by Brussels’ overreach and at a minimum, the interventionist regulator has changed the financial landscape significantly over the next few years. Importantly, while this will likely be fought in the courts for years, the tax grab drew attention to America’s dysfunctional tax system and the need for reform. Mr. Trump has already suggested a much reduced tax rate in order to repatriate those funds. Nonetheless whether you are an Apple or Deutsche Bank shareholder, business is under siege. 
There is a growing political backlash against the eight years of unorthodox monetary policies that were seen to benefit debtors at the expense of savers, causing the banking sector to suffer slow growth, ultra-low rates and a deeper malaise. With their banking industry’s profits flatlined, German and Italian regulators have balked at the recent Basel Committee on Banking Supervision’s proposed bank capital rule overhaul. Greece’s problems are now overshadowed by Italy’s heavily indebted banks raising concerns that the EU’s sick banking system is beginning to unravel. Ironically it was the Germans who pushed the EU to prohibit states from “bailing out” their banks, forcing “bail in” provisions foisting the liabilities onto depositors. 
While Greece’s problems were kicked down the road, Germany’s flagship Deutsche Bank’s capital problems erupted on capital concerns following a threatened $14 billion fine. Eight years ago Lehman Brothers failed because panicky investors pulled money out. Today, hedge funds are panicky after the US Justice Department sought a $14 billion fine whose capital is less than $70 billion against almost $2 trillion of assets. This fine, could easily trigger a systemic financial collapse. However, since Merkel’s German government faces an election next year, she has so far refused to use state funds to bail-out Germany’s only global bank. Of course, Deutsche Bank’s travails is not a Lehman moment, nor a Herstatt failure, but can history repeat itself? Deja vu. 
Central banks became the main actors because their governments evaded their fiscal responsibilities leaving their central banks to rely on unprecedented policies to keep their economies afloat. In rigging or artificially creating markets they produced major distortions or bubbles, with a growing chorus of critics condemning the move. UK Prime Minister, Theresa May has even criticized her own Bank of England’s moves. She said “…we have to acknowledge there have been some bad side effects. People with assets got richer, People without them have suffered. People with mortgages have found their debt cheaper. People with savings have found themselves poorer. A change has to come.” 
Electile Dysfunction After adding $1.4 trillion to the national debt, President Obama will leave his predecessor a gross national debt of $20 trillion or an increase of 100 percent when he assumed office, setting up deficits and debt to soar even after he leaves office. A key plank of Mr. Obama’s Affordable Care Act (ACH) was the introduction of government run insurance exchanges. But given that many companies lost money on these exchanges, many have withdrawn since their only option was to raise premiums or depart. Three-years later, the number of people without health insurance has shrunk from 16 percent to 9 percent and not surprisingly, the inflation in healthcare spending increased. Moreover with almost 80 percent of Americans on the exchanges currently subsidized, healthcare spending is 25 percent higher than before the recession began in 2007. 
According to the Aurum Institute, a health research group, US medical costs jumped one percent in August, the sharpest one month gain in 32 years. The rising tide of costs has caused healthcare spending to reach 18.2 percent of GDP up from 13.3 percent. Significantly middle-class families are spending about 25 percent on healthcare in contrast to other expenditures such as transportation, housing etc. Demographics are part of the reason and while the introduction of ObamaCare was to broaden public assistance, it came at the expense of so many. Of concern is that to defray the cost, people are opting for higher deductibles. However, soaring drug prices are eating into these deductibles increasing the overall costs ($10,000 for an acne cream?). Rising costs are part of the public frustration and for that neither Clinton nor Trump have introduced a cure. 
Sex, Lies and Politics The third of three debates was held in the presidential race for the White House. Too bad there must be a winner. Mrs. Clinton is the second most disliked American candidate in history, after the first, Donald Trump. At this time, Hillary Clinton has a lead in the polls and the Street’s consensus is that she will win. However, we believe just as Brexit showed that the smart money looked pretty dumb in not expecting a Brexit, so does the Street consensus that Clinton will win. As happened in Britain, too many have underestimated the depth of populist discontent and frustration that fuels a Brexit, or a Bernie Sanders and of course, a Mr. Trump. This deep alienation has allowed Trump to win his party’s nomination and he could surprise. After all, this election is Mrs. Clinton’s to lose and the baggage she carries may well cause that loss. 
To be sure, a Trump win would shock the mainstream media, Hilary Clinton, Wall Street’s establishment, and even his own party. However, Mr. Trump would be an agent of change. Trade, climate change, the global order, Middle East and China, all would undergo transformation. America’s military spending would increase as well as its deficits. In making America great, the world nor its financial markets are not ready for this. 
Gold, A Hedge Against Capriciousness Meantime, the Fed is in a quandary, and in failing to follow through on any rate increases has lost credibility with every false threat. Despite threatening, the Fed has yet to take away the punch bowl but instead keeps on filling it with more and more potent liquidity. It seems any addition to the punch bowl just boosts asset prices encouraging consumption, share buybacks, or debt placements with no increase in investment. Cheap money boosted valuations, giving rise to leverage such that there is an artificial illusion that markets are liquid. 
The Fed and its colleagues have become creators of money, debasing money, rather than stewards of our money. Our liquid markets are actually illiquid. No wonder the concern. Central bankers simply became their politician’s handmaidens or enablers damaging confidence in the financial system. What damages trust in our central bankers, damages the world. Investors are left wondering whom they could trust. Today pensioners, savers, pension funds and banks are damaged by the central banks’ policies. Gold has risen lately. We expect a major realignment between gold and the dollar. Gold remains an alternative investment and hedge which will cause it, in our opinion, to continue to outperform stock markets, as it has for the past 10 months. 
Sterling’s plunge in the wake of Brexit is of concern. Suppose an investor decided to clear out of the United Kingdom and bought gold. Such a person would now have a gold holding worth 43 percent more year to date. There are two ways of describing this movement of the price of gold. One can say gold has risen in terms of sterling or one can equally say that sterling has fallen 43 percent in terms of gold. Gold is a hedge against paper currencies. 
In the 42 years since the collapse of Bretton Woods, the postwar monetary system has been anchored to the US dollar. In 1971, President Nixon took the dollar off the gold standard to end a currency war that would have destroyed the US dollar. Today, as a result of the creation of trillions of liquidity, a new currency war has emerged. Again paper currencies are collapsing in a stealth currency war testing the dollar, an artifact of the fiat currency world of four decades ago. Today’s floating currency system is being crushed by the weight of our central bankers’ liquidity. Once a creditor, Saudi Arabia needs funding with a fiscal deficit at 13.5 percent of GDP this year. However, Congress’ move to veto 9/11 sovereign immunity risks backfiring. A Saudi threat to unload billions of dollars in US assets may be empty but this violation of extraterritorial enforcement of US laws is chipping away at America’s hegemony. The supply of dollars is backed by the “good faith” in the United States, and we are awash in dollars. Should that good faith be tested, as it has twice before, there is only one direction in value, down. 
Then there are the creditors that have subsidized or financed America’s hegemony. Debt was monetized. A train crash is unfolding slowly. Complacency is too common. One can detect the decline of confidence in every part of the world. America’s rising debt, dysfunctional governance, looming election and political gridlock have prompted concern of a looming dollar decline. In the wake of the global financial crisis eight years ago, overseas investors financed much of America’s debt in the aftermath of the financial crisis. However, tellingly this year, China, Japan and Russia have reduced their Treasuries stakes for three quarters in a row. Any further reduction could push up rates, whether Yellen moves in December or not. 
Golden Outlook Meanwhile, China and Russia have been building gold reserves because of their reluctance on keeping their reserve holdings largely in dollars. For them, the metal is a hedge against the Fed. According to the Seven Ages of Gold authored by OMFIF, between 1870 and 1970, central banks accumulated the yellow metal and took a four-decade hiatus experimenting with paper currencies. However, since 2008, central banks have added more than 2,800 tonnes, noting that in the past, each accumulation period lasted thirty years. Gold’s bull market then still has legs. Unlike the history of paper money, it has long term stability. 
One of the reasons is that China has been buying gold, increasing its gold reserves from 300 tonnes in 2003 to 1,833 tonnes making it the fifth largest holder in the world. Although the holding is only 2.3 percent of total Chinese international reserves, China has purchased gold every month and today some fifteen Chinese banks hold on their books almost 3,200 tonnes or one year’s world’s mining production for their clients, no doubt including the PBOC. Instead of holding US Treasuries, China’s gold purchases move away from the dollar-centric system, requiring fewer dollars. China successfully has pushed to make the renminbi a reserve currency when the renminbi was added to the four currency basket backing the IMF’s Special Drawing Rights (SDR). China has also loosened capital restrictions setting up Shanghai and Shenzhen Connect links to outside investors. As part of the internationalization of the renminbi, there are now multiple currency hubs, a gold fix denominated in renminbi and the Shanghai Gold Exchange (SGE) has become the largest physical market in the world. 
The $100 Overnight Gold Spike Mr. Trump blames the Fed for creating a “false stock market”, believing that the low interest rate policies engineered by the Fed has not revived real growth but instead created a “false economy” which could lead to the next global meltdown. He is right, this time. America’s position as the world’s largest debtor is its Achilles’ heel and despite flexing its financial hegemonic powers, America must rely on others to finance its deficits. America’s overwhelming national debt has already reached a peacetime record at levels where other countries have spiraled into default. Twice America has lost its sovereignty to creditors and today it depends again upon foreign investors such as China, Russia and Saudis. Whether Trump likes it or not, America’s greatness is already in the pawnshop. Ironically, our view is that a Trump presidency would likely spark a massive run on the greenback in a reversal of the biggest carry trade on earth caused by those fund managers who borrowed big time to juice their investment returns in a world of low yields. We believe a Trump victory would likely translate into a $100 per ounce spike overnight. Gold will be a good thing to have. 
Conclusion Despite the recent correction, gold is up almost 18 percent since yearend reflecting negative interest rates, concerns about the global economy, growing geopolitical tensions, Brexit and of course the American election uncertainties. We also believe gold’s underpinning is supported by the central banks’ massive money printing exercise. And gold shares continue to outperform bullion in part due to margin improvements, takeover speculation and organic growth prospects. 
  ALERT: Soros Associate Warns Fed May Use Friday’s GDP Release To Smash Gold  ",0
4071,Report: Disney Negotiating with Carrie Fisher’s Estate to Revive Princess Leia for Future ’Star Wars’ Films - Breitbart,"Disney is reportedly looking to strike a deal with the estate of the late actress Carrie Fisher for the rights to use the Star Wars star’s likeness in the franchise’s future films. [“With what might be regarded as unseemly haste, Disney is negotiating with the actor’s estate over her continued appearance in the franchise,” Scottish journalist Kirsty Wark said in a recent appearance on the BBC show Newsnight.  “If Disney gets the   Carrie Fisher will join Peter Cushing, who, last month, 15 years after his death, played a key role in Rogue One as Grand Moff Tarkin,” Wark said. Fisher passed away on December 27, four days after suffering a heart attack while onboard a flight from London to Los Angeles. The latest Star Wars film, Rogue One, featured a digitally enhanced Princess Leia  —   a   Carrie Fisher meant to mirror her character in the original Star Wars. Rogue One filmmakers also used digital scans to reprise Peter Cushing’s character, the villainous Grand Moff Tarkin. Cushing died in 1994.   imagery (CGI) has been used to bring back deceased characters  —   for better or for worse  —   for decades, though the practice has caused controversy. In 2013,   martial artist and film legend Bruce Lee was digitally reincarnated and placed in a   television commercial for Johnnie Walker Blue Label. And while Lee’s daughter Shannon was consulted on the project, the ad left some fans furious, because Bruce Lee famously did not consume alcohol: “They’re bad for my body” he was once quoted as saying. Lee’s   likeness was also used to sell Mars bars. After the untimely death of Fast and Furious franchise star Paul Walker in 2013, CGI and the late actor’s brothers were used to shoot the final scenes of Furious 7. Oddly enough, Fisher once joked during a roast of George Lucas at the AFI Life Achievement Awards that she doesn’t even own the rights to her own image. “And though amongst your many possessions, you have owned my likeness all these years so that every time I looked in the mirror I have to send you a check for a couple of bucks. ” Nevertheless, Fisher reportedly completed all of her scenes for the upcoming Star Wars: Episode VIII before her death. Lucasfilm President Kathleen Kennedy recently said it is hard to imagine a world without Fisher. Indeed, the beloved actress is gone, but perhaps Princess Leia will yet live on.   Follow Jerome Hudson on Twitter @jeromeehudson",0
4072,Maryland County To Become ’Sanctuary City’ Ahead Of Trump Inauguration,"A region just outside Baltimore, Maryland, is now looking to join hundreds of other counties and cities across the country with a ‘sanctuary city’ policy that protects criminal illegal immigrants from federal immigration law. [Howard County officials, comprised of mostly Democrats, say they want to ban county officials from inquiring about an individuals’ immigration status. The officials would also be barred from cooperating with federal immigration officials, according to the Baltimore Sun.  “The recent national political climate, increased incidents of hate speech and violence, and unfortunate statements made by our nation’s   has caused many in the Howard County community to fear for their personal safety and the loss of civil liberties,” Howard County City Council member Calvin Ball said. The City Council, though, acknowledges that Howard County designating itself as a sanctuary city would not go far with   Donald Trump’s incoming administration. The incoming President plans to focus heavily on banning a region from failing to comply with federal immigration laws. Jessica Vaughan with the Center for Immigration Studies told the Baltimore Sun she didn’t understand the purpose of the sanctuary city classification for Howard County, as it’s largely based in a   fear about federal immigration officials. “I’m at a loss to see how this would affect the real life practices of Howard County officials or force them to do anything they’re already doing,” said Vaughan. “This idea that immigration officers are suddenly going to be raiding elementary schools and so county officials need to enact these policies to protect people from this activity is just silly. It doesn’t happen that way and it never will. This is a solution in search of a problem. ” While Howard County looks to move forward with a sanctuary city policy, other counties are reversing course thanks to Trump’s hardline position that sanctuary cities will have no place in his America. Suffolk County, New York, has officially announced that it will no longer designate itself as a sanctuary city. The move comes just ahead of Trump’s inauguration, as Breitbart Texas reported. Sheriff Vincent DeMarco said his county will no longer demand a judge’s order before detaining an illegal immigrant wanted by federal immigration officials  —   a major shift away from its previous sanctuary city policy. Trump is expected to take down sanctuary city jurisdictions, with incoming Attorney General Jeff Sessions likely to set legal battles with locales that refuse to comply with federal immigration law. John Binder is a contributor for Breitbart Texas. Follow him on Twitter at @JxhnBinder.  ",0
4073,DELINGPOLE: Revealed - The Real Reason Trump Pulled Out Of Paris...,"  …    Is because he has a very powerful bullshit detector. We know this thanks to a fascinating and unwittingly revelatory article in the German newspaper Der Spiegel.[    The paper reveals how, in the days running up to President Trump’s decision to quit the UN Paris accord, he received a series of deputations from EU leaders urging him to change his mind. “For me it’s easier to stay in than step out,” Trump told them. This is perfectly true. Since his momentous Rose Garden speech announcing his plans to pull out of Paris, Trump has taken more flak than a   raid over Berlin in ’44. He has upset his daughter Ivanka, his Secretary of State Rex Tillerson, his financial advisor Gary Cohn. On top of that, he has given the entire liberal half of the planet, plus sundry conservative squishes, the perfect excuse they needed to dismiss him as a   loon in thrall to Big Oil, Big Coal, Big Evil, etc  …     If Trump pulls the US out of the #ParisAgreement he will be committing a traitorous act of war against the American people. My statement: pic. twitter.   —   Tom Steyer (@TomSteyer) May 29, 2017,  USA to Earth: FUCK YOU,  —   Michael Moore (@MMFlint) June 1, 2017,  Am departing presidential councils. Climate change is real. Leaving Paris is not good for America or the world.  —   Elon Musk (@elonmusk) June 1, 2017,  So what was it that tipped Trump over the edge? Well sure, as he made clear in his brilliant White House speech, it was about American jobs. But while I’ve no doubt that that fact provided the rational basis for his bold, principled decision, I think we can look elsewhere for the tipping point. And here it is, in black and white, in Der Spiegel‘s account of how the G7 leaders tried to badger Trump at the summit in Taormina, Sicily. Leaders of the world’s seven most powerful economies were gathered around the table and the issues under discussion were the global economy and sustainable development. The newly elected French president, Emmanuel Macron, went first. It makes sense that the Frenchman would defend the international treaty that bears the name of France’s capital: The Paris Agreement. “Climate change is real and it affects the poorest countries,” Macron said. Then, Canadian Prime Minister Justin Trudeau reminded the U. S. president how successful the fight against the ozone hole had been and how it had been possible to convince industry leaders to reduce emissions of the harmful gas. Finally, it was Merkel’s turn. Renewable energies, said the chancellor, present significant economic opportunities. “If the world’s largest economic power were to pull out, the field would be left to the Chinese,” she warned. Xi Jinping is clever, she added, and would take advantage of the vacuum it created. Even the Saudis were preparing for the   era, she continued, and saving energy is also a worthwhile goal for the economy for many other reasons, not just because of climate change. At which point, Trump’s bullshit detector must have been bleeping off the scale. Let’s examine those arguments, one by one. First, Mummy’s Boy Macron’s line that “Climate change is real and it affects the poorest countries. ” The first half is trivially true: climate has indeed been changing for the 4. 5 billion years of the planet’s existence. But the notion that recent climate change is catastrophic, unprecedented and significantly   is a shaky theory, not a proven fact. And in any case it is beside the point. Even supposing that climate change is all those things, it doesn’t alter the fact that Paris is a pointless waste of money, especially for countries like the U. S. which are expected to bear the burden of the cost. As Bjorn Lomborg has calculated, using the alarmists’ own models and data, if every signatory nation sticks to Paris then the effect will be to reduce global warming by 0. 17 degrees C by 2100. At a cost in excess of $100 trillion. As for the “affects the poorest countries” part  —   even if this is true, there are better ways of helping poor countries than bombing the U. S. economy to the dark ages. Like, promoting a flourishing economy which yields more to spend on foreign aid. Next, Canadian Prime Minister Bieber on the Ozone Layer. As Matt Ridley shows in some detail here, the vanishing ‘ozone layer’ is more or less an urban myth trotted out by environmentalists mainly to justify their insatiable advocacy of     . For reasons I will explain, this news deserves to be taken with a large pinch of salt. You do not have to dig far to find evidence that the ozone hole was never nearly as dangerous as some people said, that it is not necessarily healing yet and that it might not have been caused mainly by CFCs anyway. The timing of the announcement was plainly political: it came on the 25th anniversary of the treaty, and just before a big United Nations climate conference in New York, the aim of which is to push for a climate treaty modelled on the ozone one. See how these memes get repeated, over and over again, as memes are? That piece was from 2014. You can lay money that it won’t be the last time some environmentalist or politician brings it up to “prove” that concerted intergovernmental legislation works because it “healed the ozone layer. ” Finally, the Mutti of all Globalists herself, Mrs Merkel. “Renewable energies, said the chancellor, present significant economic opportunities. ” Yes, I suppose they do, if like Elon Musk you’ve got your snout buried deep in the subsidies trough, or like Warren Buffett you like to profit off the tax credits  or like wind and solar developers everywhere you just don’t care about the bats and birds sliced and diced, the countryside spoiled and the people who have their sleep disturbed and their property values trashed. But strip away the subsidies and the green lies and renewables make no economic or environmental sense at all. As for the green Chinese. The green Chinese are laughing at us. As, by the way, are the Indians. And here’s why  …     Now do you see what I mean? President Trump pulled out of Paris for a lot of sensible reasons. But the one that tipped him over the edge was quite simply this: when you’ve got your fellow leaders of the free world insulting you with arguments you know to be bullshit and treating you like you’re some kind of an idiot, well suddenly it all becomes crystal clear what you’ve gotta do  …     You call those charlatans’ bluff and remember why it was that people voted you to be President of the U. S. A: because they wanted someone real doing the job, for a change, and not yet another of those charlatans  …    ",0
4074,Doomsday Election,"Here's   
This is what it must feel like to be on Death Row, to be waiting for the moment when the iron door clangs open for the last time and four burly guards escort you arm-in-arm to the room where your life will be extinguished. That same sense of dread hangs over the presidential election of 2016. 
No one is happy about the election and no one anticipates better days ahead. America’s ‘glory days” appear to be in the rearview mirror while the steady downward slide seems to be gaining pace. This year’s presidential campaign has brought all the anger, anxiety and frustration bubbling to the surface. Nerves are raw, people are on edge, and the trepidation is so thick you could cut it with a knife. All the recent surveys tell the same story: Americans are sick of the mudslinging, sick of the scandals, sick of the recriminations, sick of the two party duopoly, and sick of the two candidates, the two most distrusted and reviled candidates in the country’s 230 year history. This is from the New York Times: 
“An overwhelming majority of voters are disgusted by the state of American politics, and many harbor doubts that either major-party nominee can unite the country after a historically ugly presidential campaign, according to the final pre-election New York Times/CBS News Poll… 
With more than eight in 10 voters saying the campaign has left them repulsed rather than excited, the rising toxicity threatens the ultimate victor. Mrs. Clinton, the Democratic candidate, and Mr. Trump, the Republican nominee, are seen as dishonest and viewed unfavorably by a majority of voters… 
After weeks of Mr. Trump’s accusations that the election is “rigged,” a little more than six in 10 of his supporters say they will accept the results as legitimate if he loses. More than a quarter of Mr. Trump’s supporters say they will probably not accept the outcome if Mrs. Clinton is declared the winner, and nearly 40 percent of them say they have little or no confidence that Americans’ votes will be counted properly.” ( Voters Express Disgust Over U.S. Politics in New Times /CBS Poll, New York Times) 
The growing sense of desperation in America today is palpable and it goes far beyond this one, isolated election cycle. The steady erosion of confidence in the nation’s main institutions is evident in Congress’s public approval ratings which seem to be stuck in single-digit territory. The public probably feels equal contempt for the Loretta Lynch Justice Department which is loaded with Clinton toadies that have done their best to quash any investigation into the illicit pay-to-play machinations at the Clinton Foundation. And, let’s not forget the media which has lost whatever shred of credibility it managed to salvage after its myriad of war-promoting lies about WMD, mobile weapons labs, aluminum tubes and Assad’s imaginary chemical weapons attacks, attacks that were invented from whole cloth at one of Washington’s many neocon think tanks where these fake ideas are typically hatched. The Forth Estate’s latest gambit is an idiotic attempt to prove that Vladimir Putin is trying to hack our thoroughly-corrupted Third World voting system to achieve some nebulous political gain. What a joke. 
No, Hillary, Putin is not gaming the system like you did in the primaries with Bernie Sanders, nor did he put a gun to your head and force you to delete the 33,000 missing emails from your private server. That was your handiwork Ms. Clinton, although you have a done a masterful job in deflecting attention from yourself and passing the buck for your own sleazy, criminal activities onto Moscow. 
But, back to the media. This from Gallup: 
“Americans’ trust and confidence in the mass media “to report the news fully, accurately and fairly” has dropped to its lowest level in Gallup polling history, with 32% saying they have a great deal or fair amount of trust in the media. This is down eight percentage points from last year. 
Gallup began asking this question in 1972, and on a yearly basis since 1997. Over the history of the entire trend, Americans’ trust and confidence hit its highest point in 1976, at 72%, in the wake of widely lauded examples of investigative journalism regarding Vietnam and the Watergate scandal. After staying in the low to mid-50s through the late 1990s and into the early years of the new century, Americans’ trust in the media has fallen slowly and steadily. It has consistently been below a majority level since 2007… 
Bottom Line:…the slide in media trust has been happening for the past decade. Before 2004, it was common for a majority of Americans to profess at least some trust in the mass media, but since then, less than half of Americans feel that way. Now, only about a third of the U.S. has any trust in the Fourth Estate, a stunning development for an institution designed to inform the public.” ( Americans’ Trust in Mass Media Sinks to New Low , Gallup) 
“Designed to inform the public”??? 
You gotta be kidding? Droopy confidence in the media is a triumph for ordinary working people who have begun to see through the charade of “unbiased coverage” and realize that the corporate owners of the press manipulate the news to shape perceptions and maintain their stranglehold on power. That’s what’s really going on, and that’s why a growing number of people have swarmed to Donald Trump’s campaign. They see Trump’s lack of political correctness as a sign that he is not owned by the Washington oligarchy of racketeers who invent teleprompter candidates like Obama and Clinton who are never certain what they actually believe until they see it printed in bold letters on the screen in front of them. ORDER IT NOW 
To large extent, Trump owes his shocking rise to the top of the GOP ticket to the fact that he shoots from the hip and that the media hates him. What was once a liability, has become an asset as trust for the despised media has plunged to depths never seen before. 
But that doesn’t explain what’s really driving this election and why are the American people so overcome by desperation? 
It’s all about economic insecurity. It’s all about the fact that standards of living are slipping, that an entire generation is bogged down with student debt, that all the good-paying jobs have been shipped to other countries, that family incomes are shriveling, that a good portion of the population feel threatened by immigration, that health care costs have skyrocketed, that retirement plans have been postponed, and that the great bulk of the nation’s wealth has been transferred to the 1 percent plutocrats and Wall Street landsharks who dictate policy through their Congressional lackeys and their allies at the Federal Reserve. That’s what the election is really all about. 
People are waking up to the fact that the American dream is dead, that the US is no longer the land of opportunity, and that the lives of their children are going to be worse than their own, far worse. This is why everyone is so upset, so frustrated, so hopeless. They are looking for a political ally who will address their needs, and instead they get bromides on transgender bathrooms or “glass ceilings” or any of the other soothing slogans the Democrats use to pacify the masses and to keep them in the flock. Only now it’s not working as well. Now a sizable portion of the blue collar vote has shifted into Trump’s camp mainly because they see through the phony Democrat rhetoric and all the job-eviscerating free trade deals they’ve pushed for years. Trump has skillfully tapped into the collective psyche of millions of working people who feel the Democratic Party tossed them under the track-hoe 30 years ago and never looked back. And, he’s right, too. The Dems have sold out their supporters, and it’s only going to get worse under Clinton, or should we say, Madame TPP. Here’s how Nile Bowie summed it up in a recent article at CounterPunch: 
“Economic disempowerment and political disenfranchisement have accelerated under President Obama, to the detriment of the American middle class. White, blue-collar Americans have witnessed the offshoring of their jobs and the erosion of their status in society, and Trump has masterfully stroked their resentment and discontent by playing on their fears of Muslims, immigrants and minorities… 
Trump’s real problem with the Washington establishment is that he isn’t part of it. His campaign represents an insurgent faction of the oligarchical class that aims to displace and replace the standing political elites. Bipartisan opposition to Trump is grounded in the belief that he would be an unreliable proxy and a liability, someone too narrow and unpredictable to manage the common affairs of the ruling class and the US deep state. 
Moreover, the US establishment is not interested in being led by such a contentious figure, who would draw protest and public opposition in a way that more conventional establishment candidates largely do not. For example, Trump’s rhetoric on immigration seems to engender more public outrage than the immigration policy under Obama, who has deported more people than any other president in history.” ( Election 2016: A Political System In Crisis , Nile Bowie, CounterPunch) 
The big money guys don’t like Trump, and they make no bones about it. But Trump isn’t going away and neither are his followers, a vast number of whom will not respect the results of the election if Hillary wins. That’s a big problem for elites who like to manage the population through the popular election sham. Now all that’s at risk. 
And it’s not like Trump hasn’t bent over backwards to ingratiate himself with the deep-state powerbrokers either. He has. His first olive branch to the elites was the selection of Mike Pence as his running mate. Pence is a died-in-the-wool establishment Republican neocon who can be trusted to pursue the same extremist agenda the GOP has followed since the Gingrich revolution. But there was another big move that Trump made that escaped the notice of the media and which really underscores his willingness to “play by to the rules.” Here’s the story from Zero Hedge: 
“Six months ago, Steven Mnuchin became finance chair for the Trump campaign. Having successfully helped to raise 10s of millions of dollars for the campaign, the former Goldman Sachs partner and Soros Fund management employee is now positioned for something much larger as Donald Trump reportedly told his aides today that he wants Mnuchin to serve as his Treasury Secretary. 
Ironically, Trump has often criticized Clinton (and his former competitor Ted Cruz) for their links to the big banks: “I know the guys at Goldman Sachs. They have total, total control over him. Just like they have total control over Hillary Clinton,” Trump said in one debate. But as we noted previously, he had no qualms, however, in hiring one of the most prominent Goldman alums to raise money for him. …for Trump, a self-professed “anti-establishment” candidate, who has repeatedly stated he is not “for sale to special interest groups”, his sudden call for the seemingly most “Wall Street” of Wall-Streeters to become Treasury Secretary may come as a big surprise to some and will leave many of his supporters demanding an explanation.” ( Trump Wants Former Goldman Partner And Soros Employee To Serve As Treasury Secretary , Zero Hedge) Another head of Treasury from G-Sax? 
That figures. 
Trump is great with the rabble-rousing “take back your country” tirades and all the gibberish about the “rigged” system. But he also knows how to cave in when it suits his interests. He knows he’s not going to be president without Wall Street’s nod, so he’s enlisted a trusted insider to take care of business at Treasury. It’s a signal to the bigwigs that they don’t have to worry about the Donald going off the reservation. (wink, wink) So much for Trump’s independence, eh? 
And what can we say about Hillary Clinton that hasn’t been said a million times before? 
Clinton, who still holds a slim lead in most of the polls, is clearly the establishment candidate in a year when hatred for the corrupt Washington oligarchy, has reached levels not seen in the last hundred years. The fact that Hillary can run for the nation’s highest office while being investigated by the FBI, while being savaged by the daily releases of new, incriminating emails (from WikiLeaks), and while promoting a hawkish, neocon-driven foreign policy that portends a direct military confrontation with Russia, speaks to the fact that traditional liberal Democrats are either still hoodwinked by the Democratic Party’s manipulation of identity politics or simply terrified of the alternative, Donald Trump. 
And that’s why everyone is so utterly dejected and depressed about the election, because instead of voting for a candidate they really want or admire, most people are simply voting for the candidate that either disgusts or scares the hell out of them the least. What kind of choice is that? 
In less than 48 hours, the most agonizingly-wretched campaign of all times will be over, the ballots will be counted, and the new president will be named. The only thing that is certain is that, whoever wins, we lose. 
MIKE WHITNEY lives in Washington state. He is a contributor to Hopeless: Barack Obama and the Politics of Illusion (AK Press). Hopeless is also available in a Kindle edition . He can be reached at . (Reprinted from Counterpunch by permission of author or representative)",0
4075,Coming in on a Wing – Coming in on a Wing and a Prayer,"By Smoking Mirrors on November 6, 2016 Smoking Mirrors — Nov 6, 2016 Dog Poet Transmitting……. It’s Saturday, late afternoon and Tuesday is two days away, if you don’t count the rest of today or Tuesday because it would then be Tuesday and not away anymore. Then again, it will take all day Tuesday for whatever the nonsense is to complete itself and possibly into the next day as well. One thing that this election has done and which hasn’t come to the attention of many people is that it has woken the public up. The public has been able to see first hand the level of media bias and the cynically suckupping celebrities. It has been able to see the intensity of the lies in all those political commercials; like the one that said Trump was walking in on naked beauty contestants, some of whom were only 15 years old. That one amused me. I have never seen the degree of vituperation that has been taking place. I have never seen the media so clearly expose itself for what it is. It did it in such a way and to such a degree that even the wet brain American public was able to see it. Mr Apocalypse is like an expensive watch; a multiplicity of gears turning and each gear is a kind of plot construct and it seems impossible to tell which of them are turning all of the others. You might term it a wheels within wheels kind of thing, or a number of those acts of misdirection from a great magician. All the while a variety of events seem to be taking place but what is happening is that something else, entirely different, is being woven out of them. All the while, as the psychopaths and opportunists are having their way, their every machinations is being recorded for posterity and their every act is being choreographed to a specific end. Destiny is one of those words, one of those concepts, like Karma that has a temporal meaning over a broad surface spectrum, because of the varieties of interpretations given by this one or that one …but these words have much deeper interpretations that exist, according to the depth of the one giving the interpretations. Destiny has an individual application and then various broader applications. Families have destinies, towns and cities have destinies, nations have destinies and even planets have destinies, as do solar systems and galaxies. The gods have a destiny. The gods have Karma and all of the aforementioned do as well. This accounts for some of those who walked out on their families and the towns and cities they were birthed in and grew up in. They were in search of something they carried with them as they went looking. It doesn’t matter where you are. No matter where you are, there you are and the most priceless and valuable thing that it is possible to acquire, you are transporting from place to place as you look for it under the guise of everything else. The first consideration any human being ought to make in this life is to ponder what it is that is distracting them from self inquiry. What is it that makes it so difficult to scrutinize the imponderables of existence. How is it that one can see the Sun and Moon in the sky and the glittering and countless stars and not know that there is some grand and majestic power at work. How can one pass by the Buddhas and Hindu gods in the antique shop window and no wonder about the tales that attend them? How can one not make the connection between the face of a new born baby and an old man sitting in his chair on a porch? How can one attend birthday parties and all those other celebrations and then attend a funeral and not make the connection that since they were present at all of the other events, how could they not expect that a funeral would be held for them? There is a story about the Pandava Brothers where Dharma appears as a stork to one of the brothers and asks him what the greatest mystery is. The brother doesn’t know and the stork says, “That you see men dying all around you and do not think that you yourself will die.” Was that in the Mahabharata? I’m not remembering it that well but it’s been decades since I read the major books from the Hindu tradition; except for The Bhagavad Gita that always seems to be around here somewhere (grin). I cannot shake the feeling that some shocking surprises are looming in the Event Horizon. I also cannot get around the feeling of this unshakable optimism that suffuses the atmosphere all around me. There are threats of earthquakes and tsunamis. There are wars and rumors of wars. There is the specter of economic collapse. The worst of it is the collective immersion of the human psyche in material culture. Without this freakish zombie obsession the self styled elite would have no power over the rest of us but it is like pouring swill into a hog trough with the certainty that the hogs will come a running. It is a form of pornography even worse than the usual fare. It’s the single most difficult hurdle of them all. Human ignorance and indifference are what makes all of the visible evil possible and hardly anyone even sees it. It’s business as usual. It is the daily redundancy of the dream walkers, lumbering up and down the aisles of somewhere in search of something. It is the unexamined lives from cradle to grave with nothing understood and nothing to remember; precious lives wasted and in vain. Few realize the value and privilege of a human birth. Fewer still realize the potential of it. Powerful invisible forces wait at the ready for any and every person who begins to show an interest in the hidden side of existence. They watch to see who awakens to the joy of service. They pray for the opportunity to assist in every righteous endeavor. These days more time is spent publicizing a person’s acts of alleged charity than the act was worth. Wealth is relative and so is the value of one’s contributions. We’ve become a cartoon in so many ways. Bruce Springsteen canceled his North Carolina leg of his tour because North Carolina wouldn’t back down from George Soros’s efforts to create gender neutral bathrooms . Should Hillary succeed in stealing the election, you may be sure that she will continue all of the perversion themes of Bwak! Obama because the same people that own him, own her. I can’t imagine that who becomes president is going to make a great deal of difference because America has a specific Destiny and a specific Karma and we are watching it unwind. In the meantime, regardless of the threats of earthquakes and tsunamis, wars and rumors of wars, economic collapses, political psychopathy and whatever else is out there, a spiritual renaissance is being generated for those so inclined. Anything is possible so I won’t conjecture what might or might not happen. Flying saucers could come out of the skies. The people who live in the Earth might migrate to the surface. The aliens among us might suddenly expose themselves in their real skin. Holographic Jesus could materialize all over the world at the same time. The mist around Shambala could dissolve and reveal itself and then the Destiny of that scenario could play out. Portals could open all over the planet and those who are able to see them could walk through them into another world or dimension. There is no telling what may or may not occur but it goes without saying that it can’t continue to go on the way it has been going and that we are pretty much assured of sweeping and dramatic changes greater than most of us can imagine. The solution is… whatever you come up with based on what you are after or… my version, complete surrender to and reliance on the ineffable who is in absolute control of all of it in the first and… last place and all spaces and places in between. If one is capable of uniting their consciousness with the cosmic consciousness then one enters into the cosmic consciousness and becomes a visible representative of the invisible. There’s a learning curve of course but once muscle memory and all the rest of those memories come on line one is in a positions to sail like a swan upon the river of time. Hassan I Sabbah once said, “Nothing is real, everything is permitted.” Certainly according to appearances (grin). He happens to be right and the only difference between any of us is determined by one’s intention and that decides the good and the bad of it… relatively speaking. It is my hope that all of you not only pass through the flotsam and jetsam that is coming in on the tide but that you absolutely flourish. See you somewhere around Tuesday. End Transmission……. Visible reads from the 6th chapter of“The Way to The Kingdom”",0
4076,"At 82, Emperor Akihito of Japan Wants to Retire. Will Japan Let Him? - The New York Times","TOKYO  —   The Japanese have acknowledged that their emperor is not a god and he has been stripped of all political power, but the nation still views its monarch as so central to the sense of identity that he is not permitted to resign. Now, Emperor Akihito is suggesting that his people let him retire. He is 82 years old. He has had cancer. He has had surgery. So, in a uniquely Japanese moment on Monday, he went on television to hint at his desire for Parliament to change the law so he can give the job to his son. But it is freighted. The emperor represents a postwar Japan that is committed to pacifism. The current government wants to loosen the reins on the military, and the prime minister, Shinzo Abe, is politically powerful. If Emperor Akihito steps down, will Japan lose a check on the government’s drive to rewrite the past, to discard its lessons and taboos? Will his son, Crown Prince Naruhito, also a pacifist, have the standing of his father? Japan is a constitutional monarchy. It is a liberal democracy. It is, in many ways, a deeply conservative country that clings to tradition. Its monarchy  —   the Chrysanthemum Throne  —   is the oldest in the world, stretching back to antiquity. Emperor Akihito’s family has held it almost 2, 700 years, according to the customary, if   genealogy. If he resigns, it would be the biggest transformation of the monarchy since World War II. Change does not come easily in Japan, and now the government faces a conundrum: It will be criticized if it allows the transition, or blocks it. Crown Prince Naruhito, 56, shares his father’s quiet demeanor and, by all accounts, his commitment to keeping the monarchy apolitical. The prince has repeatedly commended the pacifist Constitution, written by the American occupiers in 1947. It is a delicate moment. If the government amends the law governing imperial succession in Parliament, concern may grow about its influence over the imperial household, analysts said. “People both on the right and left would be cautious about making sure this process doesn’t weaken the institution and therefore open up the succession to political influence,” said Sheila A. Smith, a Japan expert at the Council on Foreign Relations. But dragging its feet on the emperor’s wishes would anger many Japanese. “This is an aging country, and there are going to be a lot of people sympathetic to the emperor’s wanting a comfortable retirement,” said Tobias Harris of Teneo Intelligence, a political risk consulting firm. Opinion surveys conducted by the Japanese news media suggest that the public overwhelmingly supports Emperor Akihito’s wishes to step down. As many as 85 percent of respondents say they favor amending the Imperial Household Law to allow it. “We speak respectfully about the emperor, but arguably we use him like a slave,” said Daisuke Kodaka, 34, an employee at a cosmetics company in Tokyo. “He’s our symbol, but as a person he doesn’t have human rights. We should recognize his rights. ” Amending the law could also revive a contentious issue: the debate over allowing a woman to be the monarch. Only men can inherit the throne, a provision that is increasingly in dispute. A decade ago, during a debate about whether the law should be changed to open the way for female monarchs, conservatives in Mr. Abe’s   Liberal Democratic Party were firmly opposed. Prince Naruhito has a daughter, and his younger brother has two daughters and a son, Prince Hisahito, the only male in the youngest royal generation. Prince Hisahito’s birth, in 2006, quieted the debate about female monarchs, at least for the time being. But with so few males in the family, experts say the succession is far from secure for the future. Mr. Abe’s government has embraced the idea of female empowerment in other areas, notably the workplace, but few think it is ready to extend the concept to the monarchy. “This opens other cans of worms,” said Kenneth Ruoff, the director of the Center for Japanese Studies at Portland State University and the author of “The People’s Emperor,” a history of the postwar Japanese monarchy. Though his words were characteristically vague  —   he discussed his age, his rigorous daily schedule and what he called his increasing physical limitations  —   the message was unmistakable. “When I consider that my fitness level is gradually declining, I am worried that it may become difficult for me to carry out my duties as the symbol of the state with my whole being as I have done until now,” Emperor Akihito said in a prerecorded address that lasted about 10 minutes and was broadcast on Japanese television networks. Mr. Abe, in a short response, suggested that his government was open to changing the law, though he stopped short of making a specific commitment to do so. “Considering His Majesty’s age, the burden of his official duties and his anxieties, we must think carefully about what can be done,” Mr. Abe said. Japanese emperors define eras in the country. Its unique calendar is based on their reigns: 2016 is expressed as Emperor Akihito’s 28th year on the throne, and when his successor takes over, the date will reset to Year One. Emperor Akihito’s father, Hirohito, died in 1989  —   Year 64 of his reign  —   as both the Cold War and Japan’s economic boom years were drawing to a close, intensifying the sense of a historical shift. After World War II, Hirohito stunned his subjects by declaring that he was not a god, overturning decades of government propaganda and centuries of loosely held tradition. The new Constitution relegated the monarchy to a purely ceremonial role. “Historically, it was extremely common for emperors to abdicate,” said Takeshi Hara, an authority on the imperial family at the Open University of Japan. More than half of Japan’s monarchs have vacated the throne, often for quiet retirement at Buddhist monasteries. Only in the 19th century, when Japan’s leaders created the cult of emperor worship, did stepping down become impossible. Emperor Akihito maintains an often punishing schedule, despite treatment for prostate cancer in 2003 and heart surgery in 2012. He and his wife, Empress Michiko  —   the first commoner to marry into the imperial family  —   have become consolers in chief for victims of natural disasters, like the earthquake and tsunami that devastated parts of northern Japan in 2011. In his address, Emperor Akihito referred several times to the postwar Constitution and the symbolic nature of the modern monarchy. He said he wanted to secure that monarchy for the future “in the midst of a rapidly aging society” and “in a nation and in a world which are constantly changing. ” Though he did not use the word “abdication,” he made specific arguments for allowing it. Under existing law, the crown prince could serve as regent if his father became too ill, standing in for the emperor in all but name. But Emperor Akihito indicated he did not wish to be a monarch who “continues to be the emperor till the end of his life, even though he is unable to fully carry out his duties. ” He alluded to the last imperial transition nearly three decades ago. His father had intestinal cancer during the final years of his life, and his slow, painful decline was a focus of intense attention from the public and the news media. Emperor Akihito said he wanted to avoid a situation in which “society comes to a standstill” before his death, and the elaborate funeral rites distract from the enthronement of his heir. Prince Naruhito “represents continuity” with Emperor Akihito in terms of personality and priorities, Professor Ruoff said. As his father did, he has taken up social causes, notably access to clean water in poor countries. Professor Ruoff said Emperor Akihito’s biggest achievement had been to focus attention on social welfare causes. When Japan hosted the Summer Olympics in 1964, Emperor Akihito became the patron of the   Paralympics. At the time, people with disabilities were often shunned and stigmatized in Japan. “Akihito and Michiko have spent a tremendous amount of time leveraging their prestige on behalf of the least privileged members of Japanese society,” Professor Ruoff said. “I wouldn’t go so far as to say they are the conscience of the nation, but they do draw attention to these issues. ”",0
4077,"Donald Trump Is Time’s Person of the Year, to No One’s Surprise - The New York Times","Time magazine, unsurprisingly, has named   Donald J. Trump its person of the year for 2016, calling him the “president of the divided states of America. ” Mr. Trump was not happy about that title, but called his selection a “tremendous honor. ” As NBC was building suspense for the magazine’s carefully staged announcement on the “Today” show, Mr. Trump posted on Twitter at 7:18 a. m. that he would appear shortly on the program. The annual marketing gimmick has, since the 1920s, attempted to select a single figure or a group that has influenced the year’s events. Mr. Trump beat out 10 other finalists announced on Monday, including Hillary Clinton Simone Biles, the Olympic gymnast Beyoncé Mark Zuckerberg and the Flint, Mich.   the residents and civil engineers who sounded the alarm on   water in the city. The magazine’s “No. 2” person of the year was Mrs. Clinton, who is on track to win the popular vote but lost the Electoral College in the presidential election to Mr. Trump. In a phone interview with Matt Lauer, a host of “Today,” Mr. Trump said: Time is “a very important magazine. I’ve been lucky enough to be on the cover many times this year and last year. ” But he added: “When you say divided states of America, I didn’t divide them. They’re divided now. I mean there’s a lot of division, and we’re going to put it back together and we’re going to have a country that’s very well healed. ” It was unclear if Mr. Trump had seen the Time cover yet and knew that it was the magazine, and not Mr. Lauer, that had called the United States “divided. ” The magazine’s annual selection is more of an exercise in   than covering the news, but Mr. Trump actually gave “Today” some news during the announcement. In a   interview, the   told Mr. Lauer that he expected to announce his choice for secretary of state next week. He also addressed his apparent decision in June  —   announced on Tuesday  —   to sell all of his stock holdings. Nancy Gibbs, Time’s editor, said Mr. Trump’s selection this year was “one of the more straightforward” choices the magazine had made. Mr. Trump has been on the magazine’s cover many times in 2016 for features that were both positive and negative. In January, he called its profile of him “one of the best I’ve ever had. ” In August, Time featured an illustrated likeness of him melting down, as rumors swirled that his campaign was faltering two months later, it revisited that image to show him in full meltdown. Last year, Mr. Trump complained when Time chose Angela Merkel, the German chancellor, and not him as its person of the year. “They picked the person who is ruining Germany,” he said then. In 2013, he called its list of influential people “a joke” and said the magazine would soon fail. Time has occasionally chosen controversial figures, among them Adolf Hitler (in 1938) and Josef Stalin (twice: in 1939 and 1942). In 1969, it chose “The Middle Americans” for the honor, celebrating them for continuing to pray in public schools in defiance of the United States Supreme Court and electing Richard M. Nixon (who himself would become the person of the year in 1971) to the White House. Nearly 40 years later, the magazine plastered a mirror on the cover of the magazine and named “You” its person of the year for 2006. In 1982, there was a “machine of the year”: the computer.",0
4078,Comment on Almost No Children In France Are Medicated For ADHD: Here’s How They Define & Treat It by Interesting article about ADHD diagnoses » Hypnotherapy by Jenny,"Share on Facebook Share on Twitter According to the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention (CDC), approximately 11% of American children between the ages of 4 and 17 have been diagnosed with Attention Deficit Hyperactivity Disorder (ADHD) as of 2011. However, if you ask the American Psychiatric Association (APA), they maintain that even though only 5% of American children suffer from the disorder, the diagnosis is actually given to around 15% of American children. This number has been steadily rising , jumping from 7.8% in 2003 to 9.5% in 2007.   Big Pharma has played a significant role in manufacturing the ADHD epidemic in the U.S., convincing parents and doctors that ADHD is a common problem amongst children and one that should be medicated. However, many countries disagree with the American stance on ADHD, so much so that they have entirely different structures for defining, diagnosing, and treating it. For example, the percentage of children in France that have been diagnosed and medicated for ADHD is less than 0.5% . This is largely because French doctors don’t consider ADHD a biological disorder with biological causes, but rather a medical condition caused by psycho-social and situational factors. Why France Defines ADHD Differently French child psychiatrists use a different system than American psychiatrists to classify emotional problems in childhood. Instead of using the APA’s Diagnostic and Statistical Manual of Mental Disorders (DSM) , the French use an alternative classification system produced by the French Federation of Psychiatry called Classification Française des Troubles Mentaux de L’Enfant et de L’Adolescent (CFTMEA). Not only does this significantly differ from the APA’s system, but it was actually created with the intention to “ offer French child psychiatrists an alternative to DSM-III ” because it didn’t compliment French psychiatric practices. The CFTMEA encourages psychiatrists to identify the underlying issues that cause a child’s symptoms and to address them using a psychopathological approach. France defines ADHD as a sociological disorder that’s caused by a set of social situations, whereas the U.S. sees ADHD as a neurological disorder whose symptoms are the result of biological disfunction or a chemical imbalance in the brain. France’s definition of ADHD drastically differs from that of the U.S., which is in part because the pharmaceutical industry helped define ADHD in the U.S. (you can read more about that here ). France’s treatment methods, therefore, also greatly differ from those practiced in the U.S. Treatment Methods for ADHD Used in France Once a French psychiatrist diagnoses their patient with ADHD, they hone in on the behavioural problems by searching for the underlying causes. Psychiatrists will study the child’s distress and compare it to their social situations. France views ADHD as a social context problem; therefore, ADHD is often treated with psychotherapy or even family counselling. Very rarely do French psychiatrists prescribe medications to treat ADHD, as it’s usually rendered unnecessary after taking a more holistic approach. It’s important to note that French psychiatrists also consider a patient’s diet when searching for the causes of behavioural symptoms associated with ADHD. Poor eating habits such as consuming foods with artificial colours or flavourings, preservatives, sugars, and/or allergens may worsen a child’s behaviour. This isn’t difficult to imagine; even as adults we can feel the effects certain foods have on our mood, energy levels, and thought processes.   Why There Are Fewer ADHD Cases in France Than the U.S. A study conducted in 2011 stated that the amount of youth in France with ADHD may be as low as 3.5% — a far cry from the 11 to 15% estimate in the United States. Family therapist and author of A Disease Called Childhood: Why ADHD Became an American Epidemic Dr. Marilyn Wedge suggests that this may be as a result of the cultural differences between the U.S. and France in regards to raising children. According to Wedge, French parents will often impose more structured lifestyles onto their children, such as enforcing strict meal times and using the “cry it out” method with babies and toddlers. Children are taught self-discipline at a young age, which is why Wedge feels they don’t need to be medicated for behavioural issues. Unfortunately, spanking is not considered child abuse in France, so this practice is used fairly often to encourage discipline. In March 2015, the Council of Europe, an international human rights organization, faulted France over the country’s lack of legislation regarding corporal punishment of children. As The New York Times explained , “Child abuse is illegal in France and is punished with long prison sentences, but it is not uncommon for French parents to slap or spank children, or for the French courts to view such actions as acceptable under a customary ‘right to discipline.’“ As Dr. Wedge points out (although neither she nor Collective Evolution support spanking or any other form of child abuse), this simply adds to the discipline they’re encouraged to practice throughout their childhood ( source ).While Wedge makes some interesting points regarding discipline, I don’t think that’s the underlying reason why most French children don’t need to be medicated for ADHD. Rather, because ADHD is largely a behavioural issue, it rarely requires pharmacological intervention. I believe that these treatment methods are successful in France not because of their parenting culture, but rather as a result of their holistic approach in considering diet and behavioural and social context. I believe France does not have an issue with over-diagnosing ADHD in the same way the U.S. does because pharmaceutical companies have not targeted them as heavily. Pharmaceutical companies play a substantial role in defining ADHD and deciding treatment methods in the U.S. For example, doctors and researchers in the U.S. have been paid to overstate the dangers of ADHD and the benefits of taking their drugs and understate the negative side effects. It’s easy for people to believe this misguided information when it’s affiliated with well-known universities like Harvard and Johns Hopkins. Many people don’t even realize that these studies are funded by the very companies that profit from the drugs’ sale because that relationship is hidden in small print ( source ). These drugs can have significant side effects and are actually considered to be within the same class as morphine and oxycodone due to their high risk of abuse and addiction. You can’t just blame all doctors, either; many of them genuinely believe they’re helping these children because of the information they’ve been given in these studies and by Big Pharma. Another reason the U.S. has substantially higher rates of ADHD amongst children than France is because of the ADHD drug advertisements that run in the U.S. Big Pharma creates ads for ADHD drugs sold in the U.S. that are specifically targeted at parents, describing how these drugs can improve test scores and behaviour at home, among other false claims. Evolve Your Inbox & Stay Conscious Daily Inspiration and all our best content, straight to your inbox. One of the most controversial ones was a 2009 ad for Intuniv, Shire’s A.D.H.D. treatment, which included a child in a monster costume taking off his terrifying mask to reveal his calm, smiling self with a text reading, “There’s a great kid in there.” The FDA has stepped in multiple times, sending pharmaceutical companies warning letters or even forcing them to take down their ads because they are false, misleading, and/or exaggerate the effects of their drugs ( source ). This type of propaganda doesn’t take place in France, at least not on the same scale as the in U.S., largely because it doesn’t coincide with their ADHD diagnosis framework. You can read more about this topic in another article I wrote here . How to Use This Information to More Effectively Treat ADHD France’s CFTMEA, definition for ADHD, and holistic approach to treating this disorder provide an excellent example of how we should be addressing ADHD patients, especially children. Instead of getting to the root of these children’s “attention deficits” like French psychiatrists do, American health practitioners typically assume ADHD is a medical condition that can only be fixed with medication. This is not only unethical, but also clearly damaging to a child’s self esteem. Many of these kids could simply be uninterested in the subject matter, suffering from some sort of emotional trauma, or even have heightened creativity and energy! You can’t just blame all doctors in the U.S., either; many of them genuinely believe they’re helping these children because of the information they’ve been given in these studies and by Big Pharma. However, many scientists in the U.S. have suggested alternatives to medicine to treat ADHD and many of them don’t even recognize ADHD as a disorder (read our article on why ADHD may not be real here ). Associate Clinical Professor of Psychiatry at Tufts University School of Medicine and Editor-in-Chief of The Carlat Psychiatry Report Daniel J. Carlat, M.D , criticized the DSM, stating , “In psychiatry, many diseases are treated equally well with medication or therapy, but the guidelines tend to be biased toward medication.” Holistic Mental Health Practitioner Dr. Tyler Woods further explains: 
The DSM tends to pathologize normal behaviors. For instance, the label “Anxiety Disorder” can be given as a result of some kinds of normal and rather healthy anxieties but the DSM will have experts view it and treat it as mental illness. In addition simple shyness can be seen and treated as “Social Phobia”, while spirited and strong willed children as “Oppositional Disorder”. Consequently, many psychotherapists, regardless of their theoretical orientations, tend to follow the DSM as instructed. ( source ) Neurologist Richard Saul spent his career examining patients who struggle with short attention spans and difficulty focusing. His extensive experience has led him to believe that ADHD isn’t actually a disorder, but rather an umbrella of symptoms that shouldn’t be considered a disease. Thus, Saul believes it shouldn’t be listed as a separate disorder in the American Psychiatric Association’s Diagnostic & Statistical Manual. You can read more about his opinion in our article here . Leading integrative pediatrician and author of ADHD without Drugs: A Guide to the Natural Care of Children with ADHD Dr. Sanford Newmark, M.D. has spent more than 15 years studying and successfully treating ADHD naturally. Some of his recommendations include improved nutrition, increased sleep, iron, zinc, and Omega-3 supplementation, family counselling, making positive social and behavioural changes, and pursing alternative modalities such as Traditional Chinese Medicine and Homeopathy. Dr. Newmark considers conventional medication a “last resort,” given the fact that ADHD drugs only work about 70% of the time and have potential negative side effects ( source ). It is clear that many doctors are starting to recognize the importance of treating ADHD outside conventional methods. Misdiagnosis and over-diagnosis of ADHD is a serious issue in the U.S., one that is heavily fuelled by the pharmaceutical industry. If you or a loved one has been diagnosed with ADHD, I strongly suggest you research this subject more and explore alternatives to medication with the help of a healthcare practitioner! “The very vocabulary of psychiatry is now defined at all levels by the pharmaceutical industry.” – Dr. Irwin Savodnik, Assistant Clinical Professor of Psychiatry at the University of California in Los Angeles ( source ) Related CE Articles:",0
4079,Our Picks: Great Stories From Around the Web and in The Times - The New York Times,"Welcome to Our Picks, a guide to the best stuff to read, watch and listen to from around the internet. Check this space for the     article, the next great podcast for your commute, the   tweetstorm. And yes, we’re also tooting our own horn here. We’ll share can’  Times stories from the week and surface some gems you might have overlooked. We want to hear from you! Send us feedback about our selections to ourpicks@nytimes. com. • If you have 10 minutes, read this story about a Wikipedia editor who turned  abuse from online trolls into something a lot more productive. [Backchannel] _______ • In Denver in the 1920s, a secret society of black intellectuals managed to infiltrate the Ku Klux Klan and thwart many of its plans. A short, local history that will make you feel good about the impact ordinary people can have on their communities. [Denverite] _______ • Some travel guides are more useful than others. We’re not sure you’ll need this comprehensive guide to imbibing at Disney World every time you visit the theme park, but it surely can’t hurt to brush up on some of the hot spots. [Roads  Kingdoms] _______ • These were four Super Bowl heroes this year: Tom Brady and Lady Gaga, Adam and J. B. If you haven’t heard of the latter pair, that’s O. K. They’re just now telling the story of how they sneaked into the biggest sporting event of the year. [Vocativ] _______ • “It was light killed the beasts, they say. ” It’s haunting lines like these that make one reporter’s journey to the darkest town in America  —   Gerlach, Nev.  —   a  . [Five Thirty Eight] _______ • Sometimes you need a little distance to fully appreciate the impact of a cultural figure. That is perhaps why, 10 years after Anna Nicole Smith’s death, this substantial and insightful chronicle of the icon’s rise and fall is so satisfying to read. [BuzzFeed] _______ • Now that football season is over, it’s time we shifted our focus to baseball. If you’re a fan of the sport, you’ll want to acquaint yourself with Shohei Otani of Japan. He’s the country’s best hitter, best pitcher and, according to those who make these types of comparisons, the world’s next Babe Ruth. [SportsNet] _______ • You’ve probably heard of the “lone wolf” terrorist. Someone who, with no direct ties to a terrorist group,   and carries out violent acts alone. But as this piece by Rukmini Callimachi shows, some of the plots we thought were the work of lone wolves were in fact “remote control attacks” by the Islamic State. The terrorist group used messaging apps to provide virtual coaching and guidance in attacks across the globe. _______ • A crack in an Antarctic ice shelf grew 17 miles in the last two months. Scientists are concerned that it is getting close to a full break. Here’s a visual explainer. _______ • This week, the White House issued a list of 78 terrorist attacks, saying most were underreported. Here is that list, along with our references to news coverage of the attacks. _______ • If you’re itching to listen to something today, may we humbly recommend our new podcast, “The Daily,” covering the day’s most important news in a quick 15 minutes. _______ • We asked readers to tell us if they or someone they knew was affected by President Trump’s executive order on immigration. Our social media editor Sona Patel noticed a number of stories about relationships and marriages thrown into turmoil. Here are a few of them. (If you have a story about the immigration order, you can email us at immigration@nytimes. com.) _______ • In today’s Hollywood, the best way for actresses who have reached the “unfortunate” age of 40 to land interesting roles, or to ensure that complicated stories about adult women get to the screen, is to take creative and business control. So that’s what Nicole Kidman did. _______ • Now for something controversial: Our new baking columnist, the British chef and author Yotam Ottolenghi, makes his debut with a piece called “Eat Your Sugar. ” “I rarely go a day without a slice or bite or square of something sweet. ” (Don’t tell our Opinion columnist David Leonhardt.) _______ • “Ever wanted to feel nervous for 16 minutes straight? If so, watch this. ” Readers had lots of feelings about “Ten Meter Tower,” a short film from  . _______ • The New York Times Magazine was awarded three National Magazine Awards this week: Jennifer Percy for feature writing (“‘I Have No Choice but to Keep Looking’”) Nikole   for public interest (“Choosing a School for My Daughter in a Segregated City”) and Sam Anderson for   (“David’s Ankles: How Imperfections Could Bring Down the World’s Most Perfect Statue”). Enjoy them for the first time (or revisit them) when you have some time to tune out the rest of the internet. _______ • If you can’t catch Jake Gyllenhaal in his coming performance of “Sunday in the Park With George,” you can at least enjoy his vocal talents online. Filmed in a single take, this video of Gyllenhaal singing Sondheim during rehearsals for the play is a great excuse to take a   break from your day. [Facebook, via Vulture] _______ • On Feb. 15, 2014, the fitness legend and motivational figure Richard Simmons disappeared. On Feb. 15, 2017, a podcast looking to find out what happened to this    character will launch. Listen to this preview and gear up for the next cult audio obsession. [Missing Richard Simmons] _______ • The best magazine cover of the year is one you’ve probably seen. The readers’ choice selection is one you probably haven’t. [ASME] _______ • Admit it: You don’t read terms and conditions agreements before you sign them. One cartoonist is looking to change that bad habit with this delightful graphic novel that illustrates the iTunes legal jargon we all skip. [iTunestandc Tumblr, via A. V. Club] _______ • If you have an   you’d like to needle next week for Valentine’s Day, may we recommend sending one of these Victorian “Vinegar Valentine” cards? With titles like “You Waste Labor on Your Waist” and “A Fright,” there’s no chance your message will be misunderstood. [Abe Books, via Paris Review",0
4080,Basque Separatist Group ETA Hands Over Weapons to French Authorities - The New York Times,"The French police on Saturday collected weapons, ammunition and explosives from the Basque separatist group ETA in a step toward the group’s disarmament, a development that prompted a wary response from the Spanish government. The police searched eight hiding places at locations disclosed by members of the group. The stockpiles were all on the French side of the Pyrenees mountains that separate France from Spain. While ETA’s attacks and killings have been mostly on Spanish soil, the group has fought to create an independent Basque homeland between northern Spain and southwestern France. Matthias Fekl, the French interior minister, described ETA’s decision to hand over the weapons as “a major step. ” But his Spanish counterpart, Juan Ignacio Zoido, offered a more cautious assessment, and warned the group’s remaining members not to expect any leniency in return or “impunity for their crimes. ” He called on ETA to disband and ask its victims for forgiveness. The Spanish government also said that it would leave the task of investigating and making an inventory of the weapons recovered on Saturday to the French authorities. The stockpiles contained about 120 firearms, three metric tons of explosives, detonators and ammunition, according to a group of international observers who have been trying to act as mediators between ETA and the authorities. Spanish security experts said they believed that the weapons found on Saturday made up only a part of the group’s arsenal and did not include weapons that could be used to identify ETA assassins. ETA has killed more than 800 people since the late 1960s as part of its campaign to establish an independent Basque homeland. The group is considered a terrorist organization by the United States and the European Union.",0
4081,"US Public Opinion Speaks to Anti-Militarism, the Electorate Votes for Warmongers","Here's something interesting from The Unz Review... Recipient Name => 
Introduction 
Castigating the US electorate as accomplices and facilitators of wars, or at best describing it as ignorant sheep herded by political elites, speaks only to a partial reality; in public opinion polls, even in ones weighted overwhelmingly to the center-right, the American people consistently opposse militarism and wars, past and present. 
The right and Left, each in their own way, fail to grasp the contradiction that define US political life, namely, the profound gap between the American public and the Washington elite on questions of war and peace, and the electoral process which results in the perpetuation of militarism. We will proceed to analyze the most recent polling of US public opinion and then turn to the electoral outcomes. In the second part we will discuss the contradictions and raise several ways in which the contradiction can be resolved. 
Method 
The survey of public opinion was sponsored by the Charles Koch Institute and the Center for the National Interest and was conducted by the Survey Sampling International which interviewed a sample of one thousand respondents. 
The Results: War or Peace 
Over half (50%) of the American public oppose an increase in the role of the US military overseas; only as quarter (25%) back an expansion. 
The public expresses disillusionment with the foreign policy of the Obama regime, especially of new military commitments in the Middle East, which Israel and its Zionist lobby would be the first likely to support. 
The US public has a historical memory of past military debacles by Presidents Bush and Obama. Over half of the public (51%) state that the US is less safe over the past 15 years (2001-2015), while one eighth (13%) claim we are safer. 
In the present period 51% of the American public opposes the deployment of ground troops in Syria and Yemen while only 10% believe the US should support Saudi Arabia. 
With regard to specific US wars, over 50% believe that the Iraq war made the US less secure while only 25% believe it didn’t increase or decrease US security. Similar responses were expressed with regard to Afghanistan, 42% believe it increased insecurity and about a third (34%) stated it neither increased or decreased US security. 
In terms of future perspectives, over three quarters (75%) of the American public believe that the next President should rely less on the military abroad or are uncertain. Only 37% favor increasing military spending. 
The mass media and the backers of the Democratic Presidential candidate demonize Russia and China. In contrast almost two thirds (63.4%) of the US public believe the greatest threat at this time comes from overseas or domestic terrorists, while less than a fifth (18%) believe that it comes from Russia and China. 
In terms of pursuing a peaceful or military policy, 56% want to reduce or freeze current spending while only 37% want to increase military spending. 
Wars and Peace: The Political Elites 
Contrary to the views of a majority of the public,the last five US Presidents have increased the military budget for over two decades, sent US troops to overseas’ wars in three Middle Eastern , three North African and two europian countries. Despite public opinion majorities, believe that the Afghan and Iraqi wars heighten threats to the US, Obama has retained ground troops, drones and fighter planes in military combat. Despite only 10% approval, the Obama regime has sent arms, advisors and Special Forces in support of the Saudi dictatorship’s invasion of Yemen. 
Obama and Democratic presidential candidate Clinton has encircled Russia, and demonized President Putin as the greatest threat to the US at this time, contrary to US opinion which considers the Islamic terrorists a five times more serious threat. 
While the political elite and especially the leading Presidential candidates promise to increase US troops abroad and military spending, over three quarters of the American public object or are unsure. 
While candidate Clinton campaigns for the deployment of the US air force to establish a ‘no fly zone’ in Syria, the majority public opposes by 51%. 
In terms of constitutional law, fully four-fifths (80%) of the US public believes the President needs Congressional approval for military action abroad. Presidents of both parties, Bush and Obama acted without Congressional approval, a precedent which both current presidential candidates are likely to continue. 
Analysis and Perspectives 
On all major issues of foreign policy pertaining to war and peace, the political elite is far more bellicose than the US public; far more likely to ignore wars that threaten national security; more likely to violate the Constitution;and are committed to increasing military spending even as it reduces social programs. 
The political elites are more likely to intervene or become “entangled” in Middle East wars, against the opinion of majoritarian popular opinion. No doubt the decidedly oligarchical military-industrial complexes, Israeli power configuration and mass media publicists, are far more influential than the pro-democracy public. 
The future portends the political elites’ continuation of military policies, increasing security threats and diminishing public representation. 
Some Hypothesis on the Contradiction between Popular Opinion and Electoral Outcomes 
There is clearly a substantial gap between the majority of Americans and the political elite regarding the military’s role overseas, wars, constitutional prerogives, the demonization of Russia, the deployment of US troops to Syria and the US entanglement in Middle East wars, which it is understood to be Israel. 
Yet it is also a fact that the US electorate votes for the two major political parties that supports wars, back Middle East alliances with warring states, Saudi Arabia and Israel,and sanction Russia as the main threat to US security. ORDER IT NOW 
Several hypotheses regarding this contradiction should be considered. 
1. Close to 50% of the electorate abstain from voting in Presidential and Congressional elections, which most likely includes those Americans that oppose the US military role overseas. In other words the war parties ‘win’ elections with 25% or less of the electorate. 
2. The fact that the mass media vehemently supports one or the other of the two war parties probably influences a minority of the electorate which votes in the elections. However, critics of the mass media have exaggerated their influence because they fail to explain why the majority of the American public respondents are in contrary to the mass media and oppose their militarist propaganda. 
3. Many of the anti-militarism Americans who decide to vote for war parties may be choosing the lesser evil. They may decide there are possible degrees of war mongering. 
4. Americans who oppose militarism may decide to vote for militarist politicians for reasons other than overseas wars. For example, majoritarian Americans may vote for a militarist politician who secures financing for local infrastructure programs, or dairy subsidies or promises of employment, or lowering the public debt or opposing corrupt incumbents. 
5. Americans opposed to militarism may be deceived by demagogic war party presidential candidates who promise peace and who, once in power, escalate wars. 
6. Likewise, ‘identity politics’ can divert anti-militarist voters into supporting war party candidates who claim office because of their race, ethnicity, gender, loyalties to overseas states and sexual preference. 
7. The war parties block anti-militarist parties from access to the mass media, especially during electoral debates viewed by tens of millions. War parties establish onerous restrictions for registering anti-militarist parties, voters with non-violent prison records or lacking photo identification or transport to voting sites or time-off from work. In other words the electoral process is rigged and imposes ‘forced voting’ and abstention: limited choices obligate abstention or voting for war parties. 
Only if elections were open and democratic, where anti-militarist parties were allowed equal rights to register and debate in the mass media, and where financial campaigns are equalized will the contradictions between anti-militarist majorities and voters for pro-war elites be resolved.",0
4082,"Лучше смерть, чем усталость?..","Общество 

Даже сильные духом личности порой нуждаются в поддержке, нуждаются в других людях. Каждому из нас в любой момент может срочно потребоваться, скажем, жилетка для слёз или кнут с пряником, или палочка-выручалочка, или мягкий, но чудодейственный «пендель». «Всё, я больше не могу! Да я сейчас коньки отброшу! Да ну её к чёрту, эту жизнь!» – орём мы в разгуле эмоций, устав от суеты, проблем, стрессов и вечной борьбы за жизнь и с жизнью. На самом-то деле прокричать хочется совсем другое: «Помогите же мне хоть кто-нибудь, люди!..» 
В Нидерландах, стране цветочных полей и песчаных пляжей – могут легализовать проведение эвтаназии не только неизлечимым больным, но и абсолютно здоровым людям, уставшим от перипетий «дурацкой» жизни. Серьёзные слуги народа, одарённые светила медицины и выдающиеся специалисты по этике решили разработать проект гениального закона уже к концу 2017 года. Действительно, чего тянуть кота за хвост? Надоели уже всем эти нытики! Каждому слабаку — по укольчику, и всем будет хорошо. Проблемы простых смертных решатся мигом. 
Задумает, скажем, 20-летний инфантильный юноша распрощаться с жизнью из-за неразделённой, как ему кажется, любви – ему с радостью помогут. Устанет какой-нибудь дядечка-трудоголик пахать на трёх работах – ему укольчик. Поедет у многодетной мамаши крыша от бесконечных капризов маленьких «монстров» – добро пожаловать на процедуру. А в это время остальные сильные, уверенные в себе нидерландцы, будут любоваться тюльпанами, пить вино, запекать рыбу, вкушать канапе, баловаться травкой, заниматься любовью, а по воскресеньям дружно ходить в церковь Святого Иоанна Крестителя – в общем, наслаждаться жизнью! Лишь для тряпок и слюнтяев есть дорога – последний путь называется… 
Сейчас государство тщательно определяет строгие критерии для грядущего нововведения. В частности, чиновники размышляют о том, с какого возраста можно позволить гражданам уходить в мир иной. В 25 – рановато как-то, нет?.. А с 40-летним что делать? Отправить на консилиум к людям в белых халатах, на всякий случай?.. А 60-летнего кандидата на эвтаназию даже и обследовать, пожалуй, не стоит! Пожил ведь своё, и думать тут нечего! Абсурдно? Скорее печально! 
Законы о самоубийстве в разных странах постоянно совершенствуются, приобретают новые формы. В Бельгии с 2014 года процедуру уже официально проводят пациентам, достигшим 12-летнего возраста. В 2011 году жители швейцарского кантона Цюрих проголосовали за легализацию эвтаназии, пока только для «понаехавших», и положили этим начало развитию нового, «суицидального» туризма. В США в 2014 году власти пытались рассмотреть закон об «усыплении нищих» – бродяг, у которых нет денег на лечение. Идея понравилась и министру здравоохранения Литвы, Риманте Шалашявячюте. Она в том же году, из гуманных, естественно, побуждений выступила за эвтаназию для людей, живущих за чертой бедности. Причём, заботливая дама решила, что и детишки из бедных семей тоже не должны понапрасну долго страдать… Уж если предоставлять право на смерть, то всем, и без разбора. И без сожаления, к сожалению. Простите за невольную тавтологию. 
В Нидерландах люди стараются никогда не забывать о днях рождения своих друзей и близких. Забыть о столь значимом событии в жизни родственника или друга (подруги) – это прямо-таки большой грех! По традиции нидерландцы даже к дверям туалета крепят календарь с «напоминалками» о столь важных днях. Парадоксально, что в стране, где народ так высоко ценит каждый прожитый год и с такой заботой относится ко всем знакомым, предлагают ввести новеллу о том, как лучше и удобнее умереть здоровому человеку. Здоровому! Пусть уставшему, сломленному, запутавшемуся, но ведь здоровому!.. Законное право на добровольный уход в иной мир – это абсурд или реалии современности?",0
4083,Hawaii Judge Blocks Donald Trump’s Refugee Reform as Violation of Muslims’ Rights - Breitbart,"A judge in Hawaii has announced he wants a nationwide freeze of President Donald Trump’s updated Executive Order limiting the annual inflow of refugees into the United States, after   lawyers told him it might block the arrival of Muslims, including the    of a   Muslim cleric. [“I think we’ve been going for quite a while,” said the U. S. District Judge, Derrick Watson, at the end of the   hearing when he ruled in favor of the lawyers the state who argued that Trump’s order is a religious restriction against Muslims. The judge’s order reads:  “Upon evaluation of the parties’ submissions, and following a hearing on March 15, 2017, the Court concludes that, on the record before it, Plaintiffs have met their burden of establishing a strong likelihood of success on the merits of their Establishment Clause claim, that irreparable injury is likely if the requested relief is not issued, and that the balance of the equities and public interest counsel in favor of granting the requested relief   …     the Court finds that Plaintiffs, and Dr. Elshikh in particular, are likely to succeed on the merits of their Establishment Clause claim. The case will be reheard and appealed, and may eventually be heard by the Supreme Court. Two other judges are slated to announce on Wednesday their support or opposition to the Executive Order. The hold is aimed at the March 6 Executive Order 13780 which carefully cited legal and constitutional, plus national security reasons, for its temporary stop to the inflow of refugees from six   Muslim countries, pending the development of new screening procedure to exclude migrants who may subsequently attack Americans. Multiple polls show Trump’s reforms are popular. The court order tries to block two sections, Section 2 and Section 6 of EO 13, 780. Section 2 says: The Secretary of Homeland Security, in consultation with the Secretary of State and the Director of National Intelligence, shall conduct a worldwide review to identify whether, and if so what, additional information will be needed from each foreign country to adjudicate an application by a national of that country for a visa, admission, or other benefit under the INA (adjudications) in order to determine that the individual is not a security or   threat. The Secretary of Homeland Security may conclude that certain information is needed from particular countries even if it is not needed from every country.   …     I therefore direct that the entry into the United States of nationals of those six countries [Iran, Libya, Somalia, Sudan, Syria, and Yemen] be suspended for 90 days from the effective date of this order, subject to the limitations, waivers, and exceptions set forth in sections 3 and 12 of this order. Section 6 blocks the arrival of already approved refugees from all countries for 120 days, saying “The Secretary of State shall suspend travel of refugees into the United States under the USRAP, and the Secretary of Homeland Security shall suspend decisions on applications for refugee status, for 120 days after the effective date of this order, subject to waivers pursuant to subsection (c) of this section. ” The judge says his restriction applies to “all places, including the United States, at all United States borders and ports of entry, and in the issuance of visas is prohibited, pending further orders from this Court. ” The legal team which has won the first stage of the case included Doug Chin, Hawaii’s attorney general, who argued that the EO reform was improper because Trump and his deputies have also said during their successful election campaign that they oppose the immigration of Muslims. Other lawyers were provided by the ACLU and the National Immigration Law Center. The judge suggested Trump’s political campaign undermined the legal and constitutional authority of his Executive Order.  “Are you saying we close our eyes to the sequence of statements before this?” the judge asked the government lawyers during the hearing, according to the New York Times. In his order, the judge said his order was justified by campaign statements, this Trump statement from a CNN interview in March 2016:  “But there’s a tremendous hatred. And we have to be very vigilant. We have to be very careful. And we can’t allow people coming into this country who have this hatred of the United States. . . [a]nd of people that are not Muslim. ” The national security for curbs on refugees was also dismissed by the judge, despite numerous cases in which Muslim refugees, immigrants, and visitors from Muslim countries have attacked or killed thousands of Americans since 2001.  “Any reasonable, objective observer would conclude, as does the Court for purposes of the instant Motion for TRO, that the stated secular [national security] purpose of the Executive Order is, at the very least, “secondary to a religious objective” of temporarily suspending the entry of Muslims,” the judge declared. The judge also agreed with the lawyers that the immigrant citizen Muslim cleric has the right to sue the federal government for visas to allow his relatives to live in the United States. According to the Washington Post, a lawyer for the immigrant cleric said “Dr. [Ismail ] Elshikh certainly has standing [to sue the government] in this case. He, along with all of the Muslim residents in Hawaii face higher hurdles to see family because of religious faith   …     It is not merely a harm to the Muslim residents of the state of Hawaii, but also is a harm to the United States as a whole and is against the First Amendment itself. ” In response, the federal lawyers said the plaintiffs have to show harm before any judge can act against Trump’s policies. “’They bear the burden of showing irreparable harm   …     and there is no harm at all,’ said Acting U. S. Solicitor General Jeffrey Wall, who argued on behalf of the government in Greenbelt, Md. in the morning and by phone in Hawaii in the afternoon,” said the Post. Administration lawyers said the constitution, the law and the Supreme Court on their side. For example, the law, at 8 U. S. C. § 1182 (f) says: (f) Suspension of Entry or Imposition of Restrictions by President, Whenever the President finds that the entry of any aliens or of any class of aliens into the United States would be detrimental to the interests of the United States, he may by proclamation, and for such period as he shall deem necessary, suspend the entry of all aliens or any class of aliens as immigrants or nonimmigrants, or impose on the entry of aliens any restrictions he may deem to be appropriate. The Supreme Court has accepted and validated this “plenary power” of the elected president. For example, the court declared in its 1950 judgment, titled Knauff v. Shaughnessy, that: It is not within the province of any court, unless expressly authorized by [congressional] law, to review the determination of the political branch of Government to exclude a given alien. The judge’s opinion is one of several against Trump’s EO, and will face multiple levels of judicial hearings before the issue is decided by the Supreme Court.  ",0
4084,"Taking a Trip, Literally, on Colorado’s Pot Trail - The New York Times","We were somewhere north of Denver, not far from the pot farm, when my neighbor on the party bus pulled hard on his pipe and said: “Know what it is I love about this country? Everyone gets stoned. ” He was a big, bearded fellow who had come up from his cattle ranch in Kansas, and though he didn’t seem like the usual type for a cannabis foodie tour, I felt that he was right. After all, with us on the bus that afternoon was a Whitmanesque array of stoned Americans. There they were, puffing blunts beneath the blinking purple lights: a gay couple from Rhode Island, some multiethnic techies from Atlanta, a rowdy group of white dudes who’d just flown in from Houston for a bachelor party and a    Boston mother with a beach house in the Hamptons. Everyone gets stoned. For purely professional reasons, I was myself at that point something slightly less than wholly sober and shouldn’t have been surprised that our tour that day  —   from farm to head shop to   munchies meal  —   had attracted such a rich assortment of potheads. Then again, there isn’t much surprising about Colorado’s marijuana tourist boom. Imagine visiting Napa Valley  —   but with weed instead of wine. The state’s “green rush,” as everybody calls it, is a   enterprise of hydroponic grow labs and artisanal dispensaries, but the tourist infrastructure that’s emerged to stoke you up and squire you around to see it all operates on a fairly simple principle: Everything is better when you’re high. As I began my exploration of Colorado’s marijuana tourist trade, it occurred to me that a certain amount of lethargy was, well, baked into the notion from the start. So I went looking for something more extensive than a   suds and buds tour, but nothing quite so much as a fully immersive Ganja Yoga Retreat. I found the options dizzying: In the two years since the state first permitted the sale of weed to recreational users, an intricate economy has rapidly sprung up.   ski buffs can ride to the slopes in   charter S. U. V. s, and arriving potheads can schedule pickups from the airport through dedicated livery services like THC Limo. There are stoner painting classes, stoner mountain treks and  stoner chefs who will cook you a   marijuana dinner. Visitors can avail themselves of mobile apps like Leafly and Weedmaps to track down nearby vendors or book their    through websites like TravelTHC. In the end, I elected a   sampler tour of Denver offered at the price of $1, 295, not including airfare, by one of Colorado’s most popular pot tourist firms, My 420 Tours. A cannabis concierge helped me plan my weekend, mellowly insisting on the foodie tour and the private massage with medicinal marijuana oil. After I booked the trip, I spent a few hours browsing through the online Colorado Pot Guide (  courses, vaporizer rentals) and reading up on the relevant regulations. (Smoking in public? No. In a licensed commercial vehicle? Light up.) But then, for a period of weeks, I didn’t hear a word from My 420. Just as I began to wonder if the whole thing was for real, an email arrived with my itinerary. “High Alan,” the little note addressed me  —   at which point I was totally reassured. I should note from the start that I’m not much of a smoker. While bourbon doesn’t last long on my shelf, I get high, at most, a few times a year. That’s why I appreciated the weekend’s first event: an orientation with a cannabis sommelier. I had by then already checked into my hotel downtown, the Crowne Plaza Denver, where a winking desk clerk handed me a large metal vaporizer, my     unit. Alone, upstairs, I took it for a shakedown run. It was only 9 a. m. Having thus obtained the proper frame of mind, I went back down to meet a man named Mike Metoyer, who, as I’d been told, would serve throughout the weekend as my cannabis spirit guide. I found Mr. Metoyer in the lobby, waiting for me in a My 420   with its     corporate logo. He introduced himself and handed me a swag bag. This, I saw, contained a smaller vaporizer for use outside my room, a recent copy of Dope Magazine and  —   because of Denver’s potent homegrown  —   a bottle of lavender oil designed to bring me down if I suffered a panicky high. Like almost everyone I met in the local pot trade, Mr. Metoyer, who is 22 and grew up in a Pentecostal church, had come to marijuana only recently. A few years ago, he told me as we made our way into a ballroom, he’d been working as a docent at a silver mine in the mountains when J. J. Walker, founder of My 420, went on one of his trips. Mr. Walker was apparently impressed and offered Mr. Metoyer a job. “I didn’t believe at first that ‘pot tour guide’ was, you know, an actual position,” he said. “But as you can see, it obviously is. ” Waiting for us in the ballroom was our sommelier, Michael Pyatt, the director of training at Native Roots  —   “the Gucci of dispensaries,” Mr. Metoyer whispered as we sat down at a table. Mr. Pyatt is a tall, thin man of 27, formerly employed in sales at Best Buy. His knowledge of the product, accumulated over years of personal research, was exhaustive and, within a few minutes, he had filled our table with little plastic canisters of weed. “You a smoker?” Mr. Pyatt asked. I told him not so much. And so, in an almost oenological language, he started to describe for me the qualities of the Native Roots proprietary brands: Harlequin, for instance (“a mix of three sativas”) and Sour Kush (“musky, sweet, cerebral with a nice tight nug structure”). As Mr. Pyatt peered into his goody bag for another strain to show, I turned to Mr. Metoyer and asked what kinds of people usually sign up for his tours. “I get everyone,” he told me, “men, women, young, old, but 60 percent of my clients are from Texas. ” (“It’s a   society,” Mr. Pyatt said.) Then Mr. Metoyer added: “Most of our customers are blown away the first time they start smoking on the party bus. They’re like, ‘Wait a sec, you’re sure this is legal?’ When I tell them it is, then they’re like, ‘Whoa, dude, I’ve been waiting my whole life for this! ’” Last year, tens of thousands of people came to Denver for the High Times Cannabis Cup, a marijuana trade show with competitive events (best edible or best sativa flower) and an equally enormous crowd is expected at this year’s gathering, which takes place in Broomfield, Colo. on April 19. “You walk around the state these days and you actually smell the cannabis right out on the street,” Mr. Pyatt said. “It’s just like, dude, game on. ” By that point, he had found a package of his favorite brand, Jellybean, and told me, with a little thirsty lick of his lips, “This one’s got a great head high  —   it’s the perfect daytime smoke. ” My 420 doesn’t have a marijuana vendor’s license and can’t give samples to its customers, but a workaround was hastily arranged. Mr. Metoyer asked if I had had a chance to test the small vaporizer in my swag bag. When I told him I hadn’t, Mr. Pyatt plucked a frosty bud of Jellybean and offered his assistance: “I could, um, demonstrate it for you  —   if you like. ” One perk of a My 420   cannabis vacation was a livery car and driver. When I’d arrived the day before at Denver International Airport, a huge black Chevrolet Suburban had been waiting at the curb. Climbing inside, I discovered leather seats, a lingering smell of skunk weed and, behind the wheel, a man named Tariq Williams. Mr. Williams became my escort for the weekend, driving me to various events, including the next one: a cannabis cooking class. A couple of years ago, Mr. Williams had been driving for the airport service Super Shuttle when he came to the conclusion that recreational pot was about to take Denver’s economy by storm. So he quit his job, bought the Suburban used (for $28, 000) and hasn’t looked back since. “I saw it coming,” he told me that first day, “and I had to get my feet in at an early stage. ” While he isn’t yet making what he once made at the airport, he expects he will be soon. At any rate, everyone he knows works in marijuana these days. His brother, who owns a security company, now has contracts with various dispensaries, and one of his friends does waste removal for a cultivation plant. Other friends work as budtenders, or as hash extractors, or as couriers moving plants from farm to store. I noticed a similar phenomenon at the Stir Cooking School in the Highlands area, a very Martha   outfit  —   exposed brick walls,   wooden floors  —   that had recently embarked on a sideline teaching tourists to cook with marijuana oil. Our class that morning was led by a graduate of the Johnson  Wales culinary school, Travis French, who instructed us in the preparation of weed chicken tacos, weed guacamole and   jicama slaw. The students were another motley crew  —   in an upmarket, foodie sort of way: a husband and wife who owned a weed dispensary in California, a   lesbian couple from Fort Lauderdale and some married academics on a secret holiday from their small Catholic college in the Midwest. I found myself at a work station with two more couples: Jason Lewis, a    chef, and Holly Gulbranson, 36, a hair stylist, who had come in from Atlanta to celebrate her birthday and Scottie and Lauren Long, a young musician and   pair, who were on their honeymoon from Orlando. All of them said that they had come to Colorado for the pot. “Scottie doesn’t drink so we wanted to go somewhere we could both enjoy ourselves,” Ms. Long told me. “The wedding was for everybody else, but the honeymoon’s for us. ” This winter, a study commissioned by the Colorado Tourism Office found that nearly half of the people polled said that the state’s loose marijuana laws had influenced their decision to visit. While state officials have themselves argued that the poll was misleading  —   it never asked whether the influence was positive or negative  —   if the cooking class was any measure, then weed has now joined skiing and microbreweries as one of Colorado’s tourist draws. Mr. Lewis and Ms. Gulbranson had already made the rounds of several Denver restaurants and planned to travel to Pagosa Springs, but the common denominator in their movement through the state was marijuana. Mr. Lewis, a longtime pot enthusiast, told me it was simply nice to be someplace where he didn’t really have to hide his habit. “We do live in Georgia,” Ms. Gulbranson said. It was the same thing with the Longs. In Florida, they explained, they worried all the time about smoking on the street or getting caught with a joint inside their glovebox, but in Denver they could sit on the patio of their   rental and pass a bowl in plain sight of the neighbors. “It was a little weird at first because we’re so used to hiding it,” Ms. Long went on. “But when we came in from the airport, they let us smoke in the car. We were both like: ‘Holy cow, the car!’ ” Maybe I just like drinking, but I have to say, I didn’t get it. I mean, I got it: It was cool getting high without fear of being hassled by the cops. But was that really something around which you could plan a whole vacation? I understand that people go on wine trips, but generally speaking, they’re not popping bottles of shiraz the minute they leave the baggage claim. When I thought about it later, it occurred to me that what I might have been reacting to was the hard sell that Denver’s   class was putting on these poor,      the way in which their stifled desire for pot was being commodified. The longer I stayed in Denver, the more I noticed it. Everywhere you looked there were shrewd little business deals: spend $20 at Dispensary A and you got a coupon for a free drink at Restaurant B spend $20 at Restaurant B and you got a voucher for a $1 joint at Dispensary A. It was even more ubiquitous online. Click onto CannaSaver. com and the bargains all but grabbed you by the throat: 50 percent off Red Dot Edibles! Buy two vaping cartridges and get a free battery! At a certain point, I started to suspect that the city’s reefer tourist moguls were getting their clients high mainly for the purpose of relieving them of their money. “Feel free to load those pipes, guys  —   someone roll a fatty! ,” our guide aboard the party bus encouraged us, as we climbed on for the tour. This was only hours after the cooking class, and those taking part in both events were by that point wasted. But the exhortation to smoke more pot  —   not least, on the way to a pot lab  —   was simply too enticing to pass up. When we reached the lab, my tour mates stumbled off the bus and stood for a moment in the parking lot gazing at the    structure as though it were the Vatican. “Oh yeah, dude,” the cattle rancher murmured with a   nod as we stepped inside. There, we met Meg Sanders, the chief executive of Mindful, the company that runs the lab. Ms. Sanders, knowing her audience, told us that the site housed 8, 000 individual plants of 50 different strains. This elicited an   silence from the potheads, into which she added, waving us on, “All right, let’s head back to Disneyland. ” The technical aspects of the lab were pretty interesting: cryogenic freezers,   ovens, lots of fluorescent lights  —   like something you might find at a pharmaceutical plant or in crime scene photos. Ms. Sanders informed us that every seedling in the building had been tagged at birth with an RFID chip so that the state could monitor its progress from cultivation to retail sale. She was pretty interesting herself: a former financial compliance officer who, like many others, saw an opportunity in pot. “I had a passion for the plant,” she said as we made our way past a giant indoor copse of marijuana, “and”  —   this seemed especially important  —   “there was no glass ceiling. ” Things became a bit less interesting as the lab tour ended and, back onboard the bus  —   joints and pipes ablaze again  —   we took a ride to a Mindful dispensary, the pot vacation version of a museum gift shop. The transformation from tourist to consumer was immediate, if only because our options were so numerous. There, on the shelves before the spellbound heads, was Mindful’s entire product line: transdermal pot patches, marijuana taffy, pot bacon brittle,   vegan pot capsules, Incredible Affogato pot candy bars, CannaPunch cannabis drinks, a Bubba Kush strain of root beer, Wake and Shake canna coffee, Lip Buzz lip balm, Apothecanna pain creams, and, of course, a wide variety of hashes, extracts and smokeables. Next morning, after visiting the hotel gym, I had brunch with Danny Schaefer, the chief executive of Pioneer Industries, parent of My 420. Wanting me to get “the full experience,” Mr. Schaefer urged me to “consume” before our meal  —   if I missed any reportorial details, he’d make sure I got them later. While that was kind, I kept to the restaurant’s menu, listening as he talked about the growth of My 420’s business. In 2015, its second year of operation, the company handled 300 to 600 customers a week, he said, with an average ticket price of $650. This year, he added, ticket sales were already up by 35 percent. Mr. Schafer went on to say that “taboo tourism” was only one part of the local pot economy, which, he added, also included packaging, labeling and lighting companies, not to mention law firms, consultants and  —   because the industry uses only cash  —   heavily armed security firms. It was then that he told me that the ultimate goal of Pioneer Industries was to unite these businesses into a single vocal lobby, and thus turn Colorado into the country’s premier pot vacation destination. “We’ve got skiing, hiking, microbreweries,” he said, “and we’re already the Mile High City. ” But to seize that throne will require competing with states like Washington, which legalized recreational weed in 2012, and Oregon, which did the same on a slightly more restrictive basis in 2014. It will also require the cooperation of state tourism officials who, at least so far, have failed to embrace the vision of Colorado as the Promised Land of pot. “For most travelers, marijuana is a   issue,” said Cathy Ritter, the director of the Colorado Tourism Office. “It’s a very small segment of our travel population. ” When I spoke with her by phone, Ms. Ritter acknowledged that she hadn’t used state money to promote pot tourism because most of the funds would, by definition, be spent outside of Colorado and, as she explained, “It’s pretty clear that that’s a federal offense. ” Recently, the Colorado Cannabis Chamber of Commerce pushed a bill in the state that would allow producers and sellers to open tasting rooms, as wineries and breweries have, and yet the real work of turning Denver into a pot Napa Valley may in the end rest with people on the ground like Mr. Schaefer or like Pepe Breton, whose greenhouse lab we visited after brunch. Mr. Breton’s story was, by then, familiar: He was a former stockbroker who had gone in search of profit as a marijuana farmer. But it seemed to me that he had a different  —   and slightly darker  —   take on the future of the industry. “The big boys are coming,” Mr. Breton said as we walked through his lab. “And when that happens, I won’t be able to compete anymore. I just hope I can sell at the right time and get a good price. ” That evening, after my massage (no, you don’t get high) I went for a long walk through the city. In the twilight, set against the mountains, Denver was changing. You could see it  —   in the construction cranes, in the old brick buildings giving way to boxy condominiums, in the faces of the tourists on the 16th Street pedestrian mall. What would happen, I wondered, when, like Mr. Breton suggested, Philip Morris and Pfizer  —   the big boys  —   arrived, and the quirky, prepubescent marijuana trade suddenly grew up and then went corporate? It was already grasping now, but then? By that point I had crossed the South Platte River to the Highlands again. In the neighborhood of quiet streets, I came across a burger joint and went inside for dinner. The room was warm, college basketball was playing on TV, and I took a seat among the large crowd at the bar. Ordering a beer, it occurred to me that I was very glad to have visited Denver when I did.",0
4086,The FBI Is the Regime’s Secret Police,"The FBI Is the Regime’s Secret Police The FBI Is the Regime’s Secret Police By 0 58 
When FBI Director James Comey announced on July 5 that the Department of Justice would not seek the indictment of Hillary Clinton for failure to safeguard state secrets related to her email use while she was secretary of state, he both jumped the gun and set in motion a series of events that surely he did not intend. Was his hand forced by the behavior of FBI agents who wouldn’t take no for an answer? Did he let the FBI become a political tool? 
Here is the back story. 
The FBI began investigating the Clinton email scandal in the spring of 2015, when The New York Times revealed Clinton’s use of a private email address for her official governmental work and the fact that she did not preserve the emails on State Department servers, contrary to federal law. After an initial collection of evidence and a round of interviews, agents and senior managers gathered in the summer of 2015 to discuss how to proceed. It was obvious to all that a prima-facie case could be made for espionage, theft of government property and obstruction of justice charges. The consensus was to proceed with a formal criminal investigation. 
Six months later, the senior FBI agent in charge of that investigation resigned from the case and retired from the FBI because he felt the case was going “sideways”; that’s law enforcement jargon for “nowhere by design.” John Giacalone had been the chief of the New York City, Philadelphia and Washington, D.C., field offices of the FBI and, at the time of his “sideways” comment, was the chief of the FBI National Security Branch. 
The reason for the “sideways” comment must have been Giacalone’s realization that DOJ and FBI senior management had decided that the investigation would not work in tandem with a federal grand jury. That is nearly fatal to any government criminal case. In criminal cases, the FBI and the DOJ cannot issue subpoenas for testimony or for tangible things; only grand juries can. 
Giacalone knew that without a grand jury, the FBI would be toothless, as it would have no subpoena power. He also knew that without a grand jury, the FBI would have a hard time persuading any federal judge to issue search warrants. A judge would perceive the need for search warrants to be not acute in such a case because to a judge, the absence of a grand jury can only mean a case is “sideways” and not a serious investigation. 
As the investigation dragged on in secret and Donald Trump simultaneously began to rise in the Republican presidential primaries, it became more apparent to Giacalone’s successors that the goal of the FBI was to exonerate Clinton, not determine whether there was enough evidence to indict her. In late spring of this year, agents began interviewing the Clinton inner circle. 
When Clinton herself was interviewed on July 2 — for only four hours, during which the interviewers seemed to some in the bureau to lack aggression, passion and determination — some FBI agents privately came to the same conclusion as their former boss: The case was going sideways. 
A few determined agents were frustrated by Clinton’s professed lack of memory during her interview and her oblique reference to a recent head injury she had suffered as the probable cause of that. They sought to obtain her medical records to verify the gravity of her injury and to determine whether she had been truthful with them. They prepared the paperwork to obtain the records, only to have their request denied by Director Comey himself on July 4. 
Then some agents did the unthinkable; they reached out to colleagues in the intelligence community and asked them to obtain Clinton’s medical records so they could show them to Comey. We know that the National Security Agency can access anything that is stored digitally, including medical records. These communications took place late on July 4. 
Current Prices on popular forms of Silver Bullion 
When Comey learned of these efforts, he headed them off the next morning with his now infamous news conference, in which he announced that Clinton would not be indicted because the FBI had determined that her behavior, though extremely careless, was not reckless, which is the legal standard in espionage cases. He then proceeded to recount the evidence against her. He did this, no doubt, to head off the agents who had sought the Clinton medical records, whom he suspected would leak evidence against her. 
Three months later — and just weeks before Clinton will probably be elected president — we have learned that President Barack Obama regularly communicated with Clinton via her personal email servers about matters that the White House considered classified. That means that he lied when he told CBS News that he learned of the Clinton servers when the rest of us did. 
We also learned this week that Andrew McCabe, Giacalone’s successor as head of the FBI Washington field office and presently the No. 3 person in the FBI, is married to a woman to whom the Clinton money machine in Virginia funneled about $675,000 in lawful campaign funds for a failed 2015 run for the Virginia Senate. Comey apparently saw no conflict or appearance of impropriety in having the person in charge of the Clinton investigation in such an ethically challenged space. 
Why did this case go sideways? 
Did President Obama fear being a defense witness at Hillary Clinton’s criminal trial? Did he so fear being succeeded in office by Donald Trump that he ordered the FBI to exonerate Clinton, the rule of law be damned? Did the FBI lose its reputation for fidelity to law, bravery under stress and integrity at all times? 
This is not your grandfather’s FBI — or your father’s. It is the Obama FBI. 
Reprinted with the author’s permission.",0
4087,"FBI’s Clinton Foundation investigation now ‘a very high priority,’ sources say","November 3, 2016 FBI’s Clinton Foundation investigation now ‘a very high priority,’ sources say 
The FBI’s investigation into the Clinton Foundation that has been going on for more than a year has now taken a “very high priority,” separate sources with intimate knowledge of the probe tell Fox News. 
FBI agents have interviewed and re-interviewed multiple people on the foundation case, which is looking into possible pay for play interaction between then-Secretary of State Hillary Clinton and the Clinton Foundation. The FBI’s White Collar Crime Division is handling the investigation. 
Even before the WikiLeaks dumps of alleged emails linked to the Clinton campaign, FBI agents had collected a great deal of evidence, law enforcement sources tell Fox News. 
“There is an avalanche of new information coming in every day,” one source told Fox News, who added some of the new information is coming from the WikiLeaks documents and new emails. 
FBI agents are “actively and aggressively pursuing this case,” and will be going back and interviewing the same people again, some for the third time, sources said.",0
4088,A 10-Digit Key Code to Your Private Life: Your Cellphone Number - The New York Times,"The next time someone asks you for your cellphone number, you may want to think twice about giving it. The cellphone number is more than just a bunch of digits. It is increasingly used as a link to private information maintained by all sorts of companies, including money lenders and social networks. It can be used to monitor and predict what you buy, look for online or even watch on television. It has become “kind of a key into the room of your life and information about you,” said Edward M. Stroz, a former   crime agent for the F. B. I. who is   of Stroz Friedberg, a private investigator. Yet the cellphone number is not a legally regulated piece of information like a Social Security number, which companies are required to keep private. And we are told to hide and protect our Social Security numbers while most of us don’t hesitate when asked to write a cellphone number on a form or share it with someone we barely know. That is a growing issue for young people, since two sets of digits may well be with them for life: their Social Security number and their cellphone number. Nearly half of all American households have given up their landlines and have only wireless phone service  —   a figure that has risen more than 10 percentage points in just three years. Among people ages 25 to 29, the share of homes that have only wireless phone service stands at 73 percent, according to government statistics. Taylor Gallanter, a    hair stylist in San Francisco, has had her cellphone number since she was 15. She has never had a landline and doubts she ever will. She knows how valuable her cellphone number is. She does not provide it on online forms unless it is required. Using her email address as contact information, she said, seems less invasive and risky. “With just your cellphone number and name, I know they can get all sorts of information about you,” Ms. Gallanter said. In fact, investigators find that a cellphone number is often even more useful than a Social Security number because it is tied to so many databases and is connected to a device you almost always have with you, said Austin Berglas, a former F. B. I. agent who is senior managing director of K2 Intelligence, a private investigator. “The point is the cellphone number can be a gateway to all sorts of other information,” said Robert Schoshinski, the assistant director for privacy and identity protection at the Federal Trade Commission. “People should think about it. ” The use of the cellphone number in new, unanticipated ways has echoes in the history of the Social Security number, which was created in 1936. Its original purpose was to enable the nation’s nascent social insurance system to maintain accurate records of workers covered under the program. It was never meant as a   identification number. Gradually, the simplicity of using a unique number to identify people encouraged the widespread use by other government agencies and corporations. That took off starting in the 1960s, when mainframe computers made it possible to create huge digital files on citizens and customers. The spread of the Social Security number as a quick and easy identifier, found in all kinds of corporate and government databases, has smoothed the way for commerce. But there have been unintended consequences. “That Social Security numbers are so broadly used and often so poorly protected is a major cause of the current epidemic of identity theft,” said Alessandro Acquisti, a computer scientist and privacy expert at Carnegie Mellon University. The total losses in the United States from stolen identities used in crimes like credit card and loan fraud were $15 billion last year, Javelin, a research and consulting firm, estimated. And 11 percent of American adults say they lost money last year in a telephone swindle, according to a Harris Poll survey sponsored by Truecaller, a Swedish maker of a cellphone app with features like caller ID and spam blocking. But if a cellphone number and the intimate computer behind it open a door to new risks, technology, as is so often the case, can also be employed to combat those risks. Take fraud prevention. When shoppers use Affirm, a   that offers an alternative to credit cards for online purchases, the company’s software mines many data sources and approves or rejects a loan within a minute or so. To perform that feat of technical wizardry, Affirm asks borrowers for a few pieces of personal information, including their names and dates of birth. But the strongest identifier and conduit to useful information is the cellphone number, which acts like “the digital equivalent of the Social Security number,” said Max Levchin, chief executive of Affirm. When a customer of Affirm wants to get an installment loan to buy, say, an $850 mattress or a $3, 000 mountain bike, the company sends the person a temporary personal identification number in a text message. The same form of authentication is widely used by banks, payment systems like PayPal and other companies before certain transactions are approved. The temporary ID numbers typically remain valid for only 30 seconds to 180 seconds, increasing the odds that the person trying to borrow or buy is indeed the same person who owns the phone with that number. It’s not foolproof, but if a cellphone is lost or stolen, it is typically locked. It can be hacked into, but that takes a separate set of skills. By contrast, a stolen Social Security number is a permanent pathway to identity theft. “What you can do with the cellphone number and mobile technology represents a pretty substantial advantage in the ongoing war against fraud and identity theft,” said Rajeev Date, a venture investor and former banker, who was previously deputy director of the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau. But a   life presents problems for many independent professionals and workers at   and small businesses, who make business calls on their personal cellphones. So Ms. Gallanter, a partner in a mobile barbershop in a van, became one of the five million people who have installed the new app Sideline this year to add a second number to their cellphones. The service is free for individuals and $10 a month a number for groups of workers in a business, who get extra features like a company directory and voice mail transcription. One of Sideline’s ad mottos is: “Keep your personal number private. Add a second number to your smartphone. ” “This gives you a second mobile identity, which more and more people need today,” said Greg Woock, chief executive of Pinger, a   in San Jose, Calif. that created the Sideline software and service.",0
4089,System Breakdown: Trump's Chickens Come Home to Roost,"2016 presidential campaign by Danny Haiphong 
The crisis that has enveloped U.S. imperialism, under both Republican and Democratic rule, rocked the corporate duopoly system and opened the door for Donald Trump's ascension to power. Decades ago, “the Republicans became the White Man’s Party while the Democrats neutralized the left.” Trump is the result. “A genuine, radical left with any vision at all would not tremble before a Donald Trump Administration or mourn a Clinton loss.” System Breakdown: Trump's Chickens Come Home to Roost by Danny Haiphong 
“The left can no longer afford to suppress the material struggle for liberation in place of a rhetorical struggle against racism.” 
A number of people dropped their jaw in fear after Trump's victory in the 2016 elections. My jaw dropped for a different reason. Trump's victory occurred without the support of the ruling class. Most of his supporters came from the disaffected white working class and petit bourgeoisie (think ""small"" business). The Trump victory is thus a monumental moment in US history. The two-party corporate duopoly could not have drawn a worse hand and the ruling class has settled with Trump out of sheer limitation. US imperialism is in a state of system breakdown. The chickens have come home to roost. 
So how did Trump win? For one, Trump's legions were the only section of the voting age population energized to vote. As BAR's Bruce Dixon has noted , voter suppression has been a common practice in most states for decades. This combined with nearly four decades of capitalist crisis has placed the US political system in a dead-end situation. The Democratic Party has become the truest expression of the ruling capitalist class over this period. It instituted the trade deals, wars, austerity policies, and expanded the police and prison forces necessary to maintain the rule of capitalism in decline. The material conditions of the crisis these policies set into motion ultimately opened the door for Trump's chickens to come home to roost. 
“US imperialism is in a state of system breakdown.” 
Trump's base is on the move namely to resurrect more favorable economic conditions, historically distributed on a racial basis, of a prior stage of capitalism. War on behalf of industrial capital once distributed income and wealth more favorably to a larger portion of whites. Capitalist decline has forever changed these conditions. The Democratic Party and Republican Party are both responsible for the current conditions of depravity, racism, and neo-liberal psychosis that currently plagues US society. Starting in the 1970s, the Republicans became the White Man’s Party while the Democrats neutralized the left. Four decades of two-party misery greatly influenced the outcome of the 2016 elections. 
What is striking about Trump's base is how it was able to compel the Electoral College to betray the wishes of the ruling class. During the Democratic primary, delegates were more than happy to abandon popular will in favor of Clinton. But much has changed since the Democratic Party suppressed the Sanders campaign. WikiLeaks exposed the many crimes of Hillary Clinton. Although Clinton won the popular vote, many Black, Latino, union, and women voters decided not to opt for her as President. Those that did held their nose and were thus seen as less of a threat to the ruling class than the possibility of a dejected Trump base. 
“ The Democratic Party and Republican Party are both responsible for the current conditions of depravity, racism, and neo-liberal psychosis that currently plagues US society.” 
The left in the US must come to terms with reality. It has spent decades trailing behind the crisis of imperialism by throwing its full support to the Democratic Party appendage of the ruling class. So-called white liberals in particular ridiculed the supposedly backward character of white workers and acted as if they possessed an anti-racist bone in their own bodies. The liberal-left as a whole bound themselves to the party of dead-end capitalism in order to avoid the party of the White Man. It was only a matter of time before the two-party corporate duopoly would rupture under the weight of its own contradictions. 
The Trump Administration is thus a logical conclusion of, and not a resolution to, the contradictions of imperialism. The left must now confront what it has avoided for too long. Never has it been clearer that Trump is the logical conclusion to the misery of life under US imperialism. The Democrats overplayed their hand, thinking that rhetoric alone could maintain its false image as the ""left"" wing of the two-party system. Yet even though the Democrats have consistently betrayed their base on behalf of the ruling class, millions of Clinton supporters are in a state of mourning over her loss. 
“The liberal-left as a whole bound themselves to the party of dead-end capitalism in order to avoid the party of the White Man.” 
A genuine, radical left with any vision at all would not tremble before the feet of a Donald Trump Administration or mourn a Clinton loss. The left must explore the many facets of the Trump development. It must no longer ignore the white workers and petty bourgeois Trump supporters that have brought real material demands to the fore. The left can no longer afford to suppress the material struggle for liberation in place of a rhetorical struggle against racism. The ruling class is in disarray and the Trump victory proves it. 
A Trump Presidency won't be a simple trip to the apocalypse. Even with a majority in the House and the Senate, the Republican Party must now choose to align itself to Trumpist politics or continue to collaborate with the Democratic Party to destroy him. There is no doubt that Wall Street, the military industrial complex, and the rest of the bourgeoisie will attempt to control the unpredictable white nationalist billionaire. The New York Times has already made overtures about a ""conflict of interest"" between his business investments and his newfound political position. Of course, the Times never had an issue with Obama when he bailed out Wall Street or chose his cabinet from a list provided by Citigroup. 
“ The left must take advantage of the internal squabbling among the ruling class that is surely to come.” 
Trump is no Wall Street politician so he will inevitably face many contradictions while in office. Will he respect his base's wishes to build mutual ties with Russia and rollback NATO? Will he keep his promise to rid of NAFTA and the TPP? Or will he capitulate to the ruling class, angering his base and potentially setting up an early grave for his Administration? And what will the bourgeoisie do should they not be able to control him? All of these questions must be asked. The left must take advantage of the internal squabbling among the ruling class that is surely to come. Conditions remain favorable to organize a truly radical, left political agenda for social transformation. 
The ruling class will attempt to neutralize the left by controlling Trump’s agenda and simultaneously piecing together the Democratic Party for the 2020 elections. It remains to be seen whether this will effectively save the system from collapse. Because the truth is, Trump is not a reflection of some American apocalypse. His victory is a product of system breakdown. Over the next four years, it would serve the left well to defeat any possibility of a Democratic Party resurrection so a true party of the people can arise in this moment of opportunity. Liberals will mourn, but revolutionaries will fight. Danny Haiphong is an Asian activist and political analyst in the Boston area. He can be reached at [email protected]",0
4090,Michael Moore Owes Me $4.99,"Posted on October 27, 2016 by DavidSwanson 
Michael Moore has made some terrific movies in the past, and Where to Invade Next may be the best of them, but I expected Trumpland to be (1) about Trump, (2) funny, (3) honest, (4) at least relatively free of jokes glorifying mass murder. I was wrong on all counts and would like my $4.99 back, Michael. 
Moore’s new movie is a film of him doing a stand-up comedy show about how wonderfully awesome Hillary Clinton is — except that he mentions Trump a bit at the beginning and he’s dead serious about Clinton being wonderfully awesome. 
This film is a text book illustration of why rational arguments for lesser evilist voting do not work. Lesser evilists become self-delusionists. They identify with their lesser evil candidate and delude themselves into adoring the person. Moore is not pushing the “Elect her and then hold her accountable” stuff. He says we have a responsibility to “support her” and “get behind her,” and that if after two years — yes, TWO YEARS — she hasn’t lived up to a platform he’s fantasized for her, well then, never fear, because he, Michael Moore, will run a joke presidential campaign against her for the next two years (this from a guy who backed restricting the length of election campaigns in one of his better works). 
Moore maintains that virtually all criticism of Hillary Clinton is nonsense. What do we think, he asks, that she asks how many millions of dollars you’ve put into the Clinton Foundation and then she agrees to bomb Yemen for you? Bwahahaha! Pretty funny. Except that Saudi Arabia put over $10 million into the Clinton Foundation, and while she was Secretary of State Boeing put in another $900,000, upon which Hillary Clinton reportedly made it her mission to get the planes sold to Saudi Arabia, despite legal restrictions — the planes now dropping U.S.-made bombs on Yemen with U.S. guidance, U.S. refueling mid-air, U.S. protection at the United Nations, and U.S. cover in the form of pop-culture distraction and deception from entertainers like Michael Moore. 
Standing before a giant Air Force missile and enormous photos of Hillary Clinton, Michael Moore claims that substantive criticism of Clinton can consist of only two things, which he dismisses in a flash: her vote for a war on Iraq and her coziness with Wall Street. He says nothing more about what that “coziness” consists of, and he claims that she’s more or less apologized and learned her lesson on Iraq. 
What? It wasn’t one vote. It was numerous votes to start the war, fund it, and escalate it. It was the lies to get it going and keep it going. It’s all the other wars before and since. She says President Obama was wrong not to launch missile strikes on Syria in 2013. She pushed hard for the overthrow of Qadaffi in 2011. She supported the coup government in Honduras in 2009. She has backed escalation and prolongation of war in Afghanistan. She skillfully promoted the White House justification for the war on Iraq. She does not hesitate to back the use of drones for targeted killing. She has consistently backed the military initiatives of Israel. She was not ashamed to laugh at the killing of Qadaffi. She has not hesitated to warn that she could obliterate Iran. She is eager to antagonize Russia. She helped facilitate a military coup in Ukraine. She has the financial support of the arms makers and many of their foreign customers. She waived restrictions at the State Department on selling weapons to Saudi Arabia, Algeria, Kuwait, United Arab Emirates, Oman, and Qatar, all states wise enough to donate to the Clinton Foundation. She supported President Bill Clinton’s wars and the power of the president to make war without Congress. She has advocated for arming fighters in Syria and for a “No Fly” zone. She supported a surge in Iraq even before President Bush did. 
That’s just her war problem. What about her banking problem, prison problem, fracking problem, corporate trade problem, corporate healthcare problem, climate change problem, labor problem, Social Security problem, etc.? 
Moore parts company from substantive critique in order to lament unproven rightwing claims that Hillary Clinton has murdered various people. “I hope she did,” screams Moore. “That’s who I want as Commander in Chief!” Hee hee hee. 
Then Moore shamelessly pushes the myth that Hillary tried to create single-payer, or at least “universal” healthcare (whatever that is) in the 1990s. In fact, as I heard Paul Wellstone tell it, single-payer easily won the support of Clinton’s focus group, but she buried it for her corporate pals and produced the phonebook-size monstrosity that was dead on arrival but reborn in another form years later as Obamacare. She killed single-payer then, has not supported it since, and does not propose it now. (Well, she does admit in private that it’s the only thing that works, as her husband essentially blurts out in public.) But Moore claims that because we didn’t create “universal” healthcare in the 1990s we all have the blood of millions on our hands, millions whom Hillary would have saved had we let her. 
Moore openly fantasizes: what would it be like if Hillary Clinton is secretly progressive? Remember that Moore and many others did the exact same thing with Obama eight years ago. To prove Clinton’s progressiveness Moore plays an audio clip of her giving a speech at age 22 in which she does not hint at any position on any issue whatsoever. 
Mostly, however, Moore informs us that Hillary Clinton is female. He anticipates “that glorious moment when the other gender has a chance to run this world and kick some righteous ass.” Now tell me please, dear world, if your ass is kicked by killers working for a female president will you feel better about it? How do you like Moore’s inclusive comments throughout his performance: “We’re all Americans, right?” 
Moore’s fantasy is that Clinton will dash off a giant pile of executive orders, just writing Congress out of the government — executive orders doing things like releasing all nonviolent drug offenders from prison immediately (something the real Hillary Clinton would oppose in every way she could). 
But when he runs for president, Moore says, he’ll give everybody free drugs. 
I’ll tell you the Clinton ad I’d like to see. She’s standing over a stove holding an egg. “This is your brain,” she says solemnly, cracking it into the pan with a sizzle. “This is your brain on partisanship.” This entry was posted in General . Bookmark the permalink .",0
4091,Optimism From Hillary Clinton and Darkness From Donald Trump at Campaign’s End - The New York Times,"Hillary Clinton and Donald J. Trump hopscotched from Pennsylvania to North Carolina to Michigan on Monday in the final, frenzied hours of the presidential campaign, offering clashing closing arguments as the sprawling map of the United States was reduced to a string of   states. Accompanied by rock stars,   old friends and their grown children, the Democratic and Republican nominees pleaded with voters to end a traumatic campaign with an emphatic endorsement of their visions for the country. In Philadelphia, Mrs. Clinton drew the biggest crowd of her   campaign to the vast plaza in front of Independence Hall, where Bruce Springsteen, the balladeer of   America, rhapsodized about her values and the candidate portrayed herself as a protector of freedom and equality. “Tomorrow we face the test of our time. What will we vote for  —   not just against?” Mrs. Clinton asked. “Every issue you care about is at stake. ” She concluded with an appeal to those who have waited decades for a female president. “Let’s make history together,” she said. In Manchester, N. H. Mr. Trump took the stage with his family at Southern New Hampshire University Arena as “God Bless the U. S. A. ” blared, blue laser beams illuminated the dark hall and a smoke machine piped a haze over the crowd. Mr. Trump asked a country polarized over his personality and tactics to embrace his plan to thoroughly shake up Washington. “I am asking for the votes of all Americans, Democrats, Republicans, independents,” Mr. Trump said, “who are so desperately in need of change. ” The contrasts between the candidates and their messages were on vivid display in the campaign’s last full day. As she embarked on a   tour, Mrs. Clinton gave a sunny and optimistic summation of her candidacy for the White House. “Tomorrow, you can vote for a hopeful, inclusive,   America,” she told a crowd in Pittsburgh. Mr. Trump, who campaigned in five states on Monday, took a harsher approach, assailing the “crooked media,” attacking a “corrupt Washington establishment” and mocking Mrs. Clinton over and over. “It’s a rigged, rigged system,” he declared in Raleigh, N. C. “And now it’s up to the American people to deliver the justice that we deserve at the ballot box tomorrow. ” As the campaign wound down, both candidates dispensed with ritual. Mrs. Clinton, who relishes upbraiding her opponent, toned down her usual assault on Mr. Trump’s conduct and temperament. And Mr. Trump, who normally seeks to convey confidence at all times, sounded uncharacteristically vulnerable. “They say we’ll get a tremendous amount of credit, win or lose,” he said during a rally in Sarasota, Fla. “I said: ‘No, no, no, no. I don’t want any credit if we lose. ’” Despite the ugliness of the campaign, there were signs that Americans were seizing the opportunity to express themselves at the ballot box in large numbers. Turnout in states that allow early voting was high, and in interviews, many voters said they were eager to bring an end to this unusual, exhausting and still suspenseful election. “I’m totally ready for this election to be over,” said Mary Hoch, 54, who attended Mr. Trump’s rally in Sarasota with a “Make America Great Again” hat on her head and a “Deplorable Lives Matter” pin on her shirt. Ms. Hoch predicted a Trump victory. “I think there are a lot of silent Trump voters,” she said. Daniel Saunders, 58, who attended a rally for Mrs. Clinton in Charlotte, N. C. was just as exasperated by the race. “I’m embarrassed by it,” he said. But Mr. Saunders said he believed that Mrs. Clinton would eke out a win. “These things always tighten up, but I think she’ll pull it out,” he said. Both Mr. Trump and Mrs. Clinton sent their running mates, families and allies across the country to maximize their reach in crucial swing states. Mr. Trump relied on his three oldest children  —   Ivanka, Eric and Donald Jr.  —   along with Rudolph W. Giuliani, the former New York mayor, and Sarah Palin, the former governor of Alaska and 2008 Republican   nominee. Mrs. Clinton deployed President Obama and former President Bill Clinton, as well as Vice President Joseph R. Biden Jr. and the first lady, Michelle Obama, perhaps the most popular political figure in the country. “Tomorrow, with your vote, you can say that this country has always been great,” Mrs. Obama said. “That it is the greatest country on earth. ” Mrs. Clinton’s running mate, Senator Tim Kaine of Virginia, spent much of the day campaigning in North Carolina, which Mr. Obama carried in 2008 but lost four years later to Mitt Romney. “It’s great to see a finish line, isn’t it?” Mr. Kaine said at an outdoor rally in Charlotte. He expressed confidence in the ticket’s chances on Tuesday, but warned supporters against complacency and implored voters to embrace the chance to elect the nation’s first female president. “Every election is important, but not every election will change history,” he said. “If we do what we know how to do, this election will change history. ” Mr. Trump’s running mate, Gov. Mike Pence of Indiana, started the day with a brisk jog across a windswept tarmac in an unlikely spot for a Republican: Duluth, Minn. It was the Republican ticket’s second stop in   Minnesota in two days, and although few signs point to a Republican upset there, a modest crowd near Mr. Pence’s plane lapped up his attacks on Mrs. Clinton. “It’s almost hard to keep up, all the headlines, all the scandals flowing out of just her years as secretary of state,” Mr. Pence said. Both campaigns conspicuously reached across party lines in their final pitches. In Scranton, Pa. Mr. Trump spoke to what he said were “Democratic voters in this country who are thirsting for change. ” In Ann Arbor, Mich. Mrs. Clinton reminded an audience of her days as an intern for President Gerald R. Ford, a Republican from Michigan, and of all the Republican leaders who have endorsed her this year. “We must put country ahead of party when it comes to this election,” she said. Mr. Trump seemed sensitive to the fact that his final 48 hours on the campaign trail lacked the star power drawn to Mrs. Clinton, who was accompanied by musicians like Jay Z, Beyoncé, Lady Gaga and Mr. Springsteen. (Collectively, her surrogates have more than 80 Grammy Awards.) “Beyoncé and Jay Z,” Mr. Trump said dismissively. “I like them. ” But, he added mischievously, “I get bigger crowds than they do. ” But the hypercompetitive Mr. Trump could not resist trying to outshine his rival. In Manchester, he read aloud a letter that he said was from Bill Belichick, the coach of the New England Patriots football team. “Congratulations on a tremendous campaign,” it purportedly read. “You have dealt with an unbelievable slanted and negative media and have come out beautifully. ” (A spokesman for the Patriots said he could not confirm or deny the letter’s authenticity Monday night.) As a final flourish, Mr. Trump claimed that Tom Brady, the team’s quarterback and a hero across New England, had cast a vote for him. In a radio interview on Monday, however, Mr. Brady said he had not yet voted.",0
4092,Abedin & Weiner to Testify Against Clinton,"
 

Huma Abedin, Hillary’s Clinton’s top aide with ties to the Muslim Brotherhood, and Sexter, the former Congressman, Anthony Weiner, are at the center of the most recent FBI investigation. Things are about to get very interesting.
 

 
P lease Donate to The Common Sense Show 
 
PLEASE SUBSCRIBE TO OUR YOUTUBE CHANNEL AND DON’T FORGET TO “LIKE” US 

 

This is the absolute best in food storage. Dave Hodges is a satisfied customer. Don’t wait until it is too late. Click Here for more information.
 


Click here for more information 
 
The sane alternative to Facebook 
Seen.Life-The Facebook alternative- no censorship, no spying– Sign up here 
",0
4093,"Though Awash in Fakes, China Rethinks Counterfeit Hunters - The New York Times","BEIJING  —   Ji Wanchang strolled through a Beijing luxury mall one recent morning with an eye out for luxury coats. But at one store, a clerk told him a   Moncler and other coats were “sample sizes” and not for sale. A second clerk, selling a wolf   Yves Salomon, said the coat was reserved. Mr. Ji sighed. In both cases, the fur wouldn’t match their labels, he suspected  —   and the clerks knew selling a fake to Mr. Ji, who is well known on sight in many of China’s shops, meant big trouble. “Ma’am, I don’t want to make things difficult for you,” he told a sales clerk, who nodded and bowed. “I’ve found problems with your clothes, so please correct them. ” Mr. Ji is what is known in China as a professional counterfeit hunter. Part Ralph Nader, part bounty hunter, Mr. Ji rummages for fake or substandard goods in shops. Then, using China’s consumer protection laws, he collects tens of thousands of dollars from the companies that make or sell them. The laws are part of China’s growing effort to weed out the fake clothes, electronics, food and furniture that swamp its stores and frustrate companies and consumers alike. But Mr. Ji’s livelihood is now under threat. Some government officials say Mr. Ji and the unknown number of others like him abuse a law that was meant merely to empower consumers to report fakes. If proposed new government rules get accepted, people like Mr. Ji will no longer be able to go pro. Even as China grows and matures, and moves to protect brands and ideas, it still struggles with how to get rid of fakes. Overseas governments, overseas companies and even its own increasingly choosy consumers complain that China’s counterfeit products hurt brand names and common people alike. Chinese leaders have stepped up efforts to cull them, in part to protect homegrown companies that are starting to produce their own innovative products. Last year, China’s courts handled about 120, 000 intellectual property cases, up 9 percent from 2014, according to official media. One   effort was intended to empower the consumer. In 2009, the government promised consumers that if they found a product that flouted food safety laws, they could win 10 times the value of that product in compensation. In 2013, China bolstered an earlier consumer protection law by increasing payouts to buyers of other kinds of fake goods, while a decision from China’s supreme court was widely seen as supporting counterfeit hunters. Mr. Ji and his peers have used these laws to their advantage, buying knockoffs in bulk  —   the more they turn in, the more they are paid  —   and filling their storerooms withcounterfeit products. Mr. Ji’s group, the Jinan Old Ji   Rights Defense Work Studio, has a network of about 20 informers who report suspected fake products. He says his biggest success to date is collecting about $178, 000 in compensation from a company that tried to pass off its blankets as pure cashmere. China’s   boom has given counterfeit hunters a new front. “The main purpose of suing them is to ask them to correct themselves,” said Yu Fengxing, another counterfeit hunter, who chases merchants who sell fakes on online marketplaces run by the Alibaba Group, China’s largest   company. He became an   counterfeit hunter after he bought an item marketed by a merchant on Alibaba’s Tmall platform as a foot treatment and discovered that it was probably just makeup. In a statement, Alibaba said it was committed to fighting fakes on its platforms. Among overseas companies, people like Mr. Ji have fans. “A lot of my clients would, in some circumstances, support the activities of these kinds of consumer warriors because ultimately they may be uncovering information that helps us do our job,” said Scott Palmer, an intellectual property lawyer at Sheppard, Mullin, Richter  Hampton, which represents American corporations in China. But government officials complain that the program is increasingly expensive and increasingly abused. Even some foreign business groups complain. Counterfeit hunters often profit “from complaints that target minor product labeling errors instead of true quality or safety issues,” said James Zimmerman, chairman of the American Chamber of Commerce in China, in emailed comments. Proposed government rules released in August and under official consideration said that payouts for fakes would not be available to those who sought them “for commercial purposes. ” Mr. Ji, defending his work, says he has to recoup his legal fees, which he incurs when the companies he accuses of selling fakes fight back. He says he makes about $148, 000 a year but his   pay is only about $30, 000 to $44, 000 after expenses. “When they encounter a fake product, more than 80 percent of Chinese people will just suck it up and not take it very seriously, as long as their lives are not in danger,” Mr. Ji said. “If there are more professional counterfeit warriors, the quality of goods will improve at once. ” Mr. Ji never set out to be a consumer rights activist. Born in the northern region of Inner Mongolia, he was so poor he could not afford to enroll in a university. His jobs have included running a carwash, selling clothes on the street and operating a   food stall. In 2000, a friend of his bought a children’s educational compact disc that turned out to contain pornographic content. Furious, he and his friends “laid siege” to the store where they had bought it, demanding compensation, Mr. Ji said. “At that time, I did not understand what defending your rights is,” he said. Later, Mr. Ji bought a copy of China’s consumer law and a manual on how to tell fakes from genuine products. From that point, he had a new career. On a recent week in October, Mr. Ji traveled to four courthouses in five days across China, filing lawsuits against shopping malls, accusing them of fraud for selling substandard goods. Based in the eastern city of Jinan, he says he goes to court about 100 times a year. Mr. Ji’s work has earned him the enmity of counterfeiters and their thugs, who he says have beaten him up, bound his hands and feet, and telephoned him with death threats. In 2007, police in the southern province of Fujian detained him for 37 days, charging him with extortion, but released him. Still, Mr. Ji views the work as necessary. Every month, he says, he receives more than a hundred phone calls from people curious about how to get compensation from a fake product. On a recent afternoon, a man from the eastern city of Tai’an called Mr. Ji, who was en route to check out a shopping mall in Beijing. How, the caller asked, could he emulate Mr. Ji? Mr. Ji told the aspiring   that he could not “just casually enter any shop and buy eight or 10 pieces and demand compensation. ” His profession was built on navigating tricky relationships with local courthouses and police, Mr. Ji said, adding that recently some thugs from Tai’an wanted “my life, my arms and my legs. ” “Not everyone can be a counterfeit hunter. This industry isn’t a gift that falls down from heaven,” Mr. Ji told the caller. “You haven’t seen the hardships and suffering we’ve gone through. You’ve only seen our glorious side. ”",0
4094,"The Real Effects of Architecture on the Mind, Body, and Spirit","By Tera Graham
We spend an overwhelming amount of time in and around buildings; most Americans never leave the comfort of cities, where sizeable structures abound. Yet, rarely do we consider the profound effects architecture has on our everyday experiences. Only standing at the feet of major architectural monuments — like the Burj Khalifa in Dubai and the Great Pyramids outside Cairo — do we stop and consider how magnificent mankind’s ability to build is.
However, more and more scientists are beginning to realize that architecture, like any art form, has the power to influence how we perceive the world. As we learn how architecture can impact our experience of life, we can better control our environments for maximum efficiency — and maximum pleasure.
The Science and Art of Perception Every second we are awake, our brains track variables like heat, light, odor, noise, and movement to ensure our bodies can continue living. Though we rarely realize it, our minds are always aware of the effects of various environments, and that subconscious perception can dramatically affect our experiences of different places. For example, loud, grating sounds usually make spaces less pleasant, while soft, natural light generally makes spaces more inviting.
Neuroscientists are increasingly discovering that the brain is constantly making associations, and oftentimes, these links employ metaphors that are grounded in the physical world we perceive. The intangible concept of “importance” is generally identified as large, though as an idea, it lacks any size or dimension whatsoever. Similar examples are common in language: Our endeavors are completed “step by step,” as though we are walking the concrete path of our tasks, and being “lost in one’s thoughts” likens deep concentration to exploring a dense forest. It is becoming clear to scientists and artists alike that what we perceive informs what we believe. Fortunately, architects are using this newfound knowledge for the better.
The Application of Metaphor Armed with the awareness that our brains are constantly making connections between the corporeal and the conceptual, today’s architects strive to generate certain unconscious effects with their buildings. One of the most pervasive trends in modern architecture is the metaphor of the tree.
Trees have always indicated shelter for humankind: They offer protection from harsh sunlight, from pouring rain, and from dangerous predators. Plus, as humans strive to right their historic environmental wrongs, the tree has become a symbol of sustainability, nature, and health.
Therefore, several architects are now drawing from trees to create healthful, ecological-seeming buildings. The Kanagawa Institute of Technology in Japan contains a “forest” of pillars that closely resemble white saplings. In Spain, the Metropol Parasol uses laminated timber to form a sinuous canopy over a popular plaza.
By integrating elements of trees ― trunks, branches, leaves ― the architects of these buildings have produced not only aesthetically breathtaking structures but also subtly comforting spaces suffused with nuances of nature. Yet, as neuroscience unlocks more of the cognitive impacts of architecture, all structures could have even more powerful metaphor built in.
The Future of Cognitive Architecture The cognitive revolution is just getting started, and we are only beginning to understand how our brains and bodies take in the world around us. Experts in neuroscience and architecture alike look forward to advancements that can have beneficial applications in all sorts of structures.
For example, nearly everyone has experienced a less-than-ideal working environment. Flickering fluorescent lights, freezing or sweltering temperatures, conflicting design elements, and more can dramatically increase stress amongst a workforce, depleting energy and preventing productivity. When these errors are remedied, the effects of an environment are immediately obvious.
In some industries, especially within the industrial sector, we already have sturdy, somewhat more sustainable, buildings that provide benefits workers need: fabric structures . However, in other fields, like health care or education, we eagerly await breakthroughs that demonstrate real impact. With evidence from cognitive science, we can construct hospitals that help patients heal with design and schools that encourage learning through materials and angles.
Though it happens constantly, perception is an intensely complex task. The spaces around us ― both the ones we create and the ones governed by nature ― inform how we live and how we think. Thus, it is imperative that when we construct, we be amply aware of the effects of our constructions: on the environment and on ourselves.
This article ( The Real Effects of Architecture on the Mind, Body, and Spirit ) was originally created and published by Waking Times and is published here under a Creative Commons license with attribution to and WakingTimes.com . It may be re-posted freely with proper attribution, author bio, and this copyright statement. 
Via: OmniThought 
",0
4095,Photobook: The New Senate Faces of the 115th Congress - Breitbart,"Seven newly elected Senators were sworn into office Tuesday, the start of the 115th United States Congress. Here are the names and faces of the five Democrats and two Republicans who make up the 2017 freshman senate class. [California  —   Kamala Harris (D)  Following a bitter Senate race with Loretta Sanchez, the former attorney general of California Kamala Harris will become the first American Indian to serve in the United States Senate. In a post election interview, Harris promised to “fight” Trump on issues such as immigration, health care, the environment and crime. Illinois  —   Tammy Duckworth (D)  Tammy Duckworth’s victory over the incumbent Republican senator Mark Kirk was one of the few pieces of good news for Democrats on November 8th. A double amputee and veteran of the Iraq war, Duckworth previously served as the Director of the Illinois Department of Veterans as well as the Assistant Secretary for Public and Intergovernmental Affairs in the United States Department of Veterans Affairs. Indiana  —   Todd Young (R) Former congressman Todd Young, who also served a decorated career in the Marine Corps, will replace the retired Dan Coats in Indiana. He has previously sponsored legislation such as the ‘Fairness for Families Act,’ which delayed the introduction of mandatory individual healthcare coverage, as well as the ‘Save American Workers Act,’ which sought to define a full time worker as someone working 40 hours a week, in order to prevent companies from reducing contract hours in order to avoid the healthcare mandate. New Hampshire  —   Maggie Hassan (D)  The former governor of New Hampshire, Maggie Hassan also defeated the incumbent Republican Kelly Ayotte by a narrow 1, 067 votes. A staunch supporter of Planned Parenthood, Hassan has said her top priorities in the Senate will be protecting abortion law and tackling climate change. Maryland  —   Chris Van Hollen (D)  A former congressman and chairman of the Democratic Congressional Campaign Committee (DCCC) Chris Van Hollen will now serve as Chairman of the Democratic Senatorial Campaign Committee (DSCC) for the 2018 election cycle, as well as now representing Maryland in the Senate. With 100 percent approval ratings on a number of progressive causes, he has been touted as a possible presidential candidate in 2020. Louisiana  —   John Neely Kennedy (R)  The incumbent state treasurer of Louisiana, John Neely Kennedy will vacate his role in order to serve Louisiana in the Senate. A former Democrat, his career has involved managing Louisiana’s economic policy and focusing on how the state can effectively save money. A supporter of Donald Trump, Kennedy received campaign support from the   a day before his run off Senate race with Foster Campbell. Nevada  —   Catherine Cortez Masto (D)  Replacing former House Majority Leader Sen. Harry Reid, former Nevada Attorney General Catherine Cortez Masto will become the first Latina woman ever to serve in the Senate. Her campaign was vociferously supported by environmental and   groups, given her support for Planned Parenthood and investment in renewal energies. She defeated Republican Joe Beck by 47 percent to 45 percent. You can follow Ben Kew on Facebook, on Twitter at @ben_kew, or email him at bkew@breitbart. com",0
4096,Life: Animal Rights Win: The San Diego Zoo Has Taped Telescopes To All Of Their Animals’ Heads So That They Can Look At The Planets,"Email 
No matter how you feel about zoos, this story will make you feel good. 
Zoo administrators are always experimenting with ways to make their animals’ caged experiences as accommodating to their needs as possible, with varying degrees of success. But thanks to an innovative and humane new initiative, one of our most beloved institutions is setting a new standard for animal rights. The San Diego Zoo has taped telescopes to all of their animals’ heads so that they can look at the planets. 
What a tremendous step forward! 
For decades, the San Diego Zoo led the way in terms of tourist attractions, but this latest move proves that they are even more committed to treating their animals with dignity. With a telescope affixed to each animal’s head, these incredible creatures can now gaze at the planets just by looking up. Visitors can take great comfort knowing that the ostriches, chinchillas, and all other animals are no longer limited to just looking at trees, dirt, or clouds, as they had been for so many heartbreaking years. 
According to president and CEO Douglas Myers, the project directly addresses a basic right of all animals. 
“When you consider the challenges we face when improving animal captivity, strapping a telescope snugly to each animal’s head is a no-brainer,” said Myers. “These are beautiful creatures that deserve to look at the planets.” 
Indeed, most zoo animals have never had the ability to take in the wonders of our galaxy, but in San Diego it’s now a key part of every animal’s care plan. At any moment, an otter can swivel his head and take a look at Saturn. A zebra can glance up from grazing to observe a sea of constellations seemingly close enough to lick. And when the park welcomed a new fox last month, tourists were able to watch as zoologists strapped a tiny telescope to his head, equipped with a polarized filter to protect his sensitive eyes. 
Wow! 
Well, if you needed another reason to finally visit the San Diego Zoo, you’ve officially got it. Hopefully, this will encourage zoos everywhere to continue to explore new ways to address the welfare of their animals. Thankfully, they now have an excellent place to start.",0
4097,Mark Levin: ‘Why Aren’t the First 100 Days a Measuring Stick for Congress?’ - Breitbart,"Radio host, author, and constitutional scholar Mark Levin said on his syndicated show on Tuesday that the same   measurement of leadership being applied to President Donald Trump should also be used for Congress. [“Why aren’t the first 100 days a measuring stick for Congress and the Democrats?” Levin said. “Can anyone name one piece of positive bipartisan legislation that Nancy Pelosi and Schumer have put forth?”  As to Trump’s first 100 days in office, Levin said he has made some positive moves, despite little assistance from Republican leadership. “The one area where Trump has succeeded, is in unravelling the executive orders of Obama,” Levin said. ”He is using the same power Obama did to undo what Obama did. ” “However, the president is having a tough time with the Republican Congress,” Levin said. “There is no excuse for what Mitch McConnell and Paul Ryan are doing or not doing. ” And, Levin said, this is no time for crossing the aisle to work with Democrats. “It is time to roll Chuck Schumer and the Democrats,” Levin said. The ‘Art of the Deal’ should be the ‘Art of Victory,’” Levin said. CNN reported on the history of the 100 day measurement, which dates back to a president who took over a desperate nation and, thus, a compliant Congress. According to that report: The first 100 days of a   presidency amount to about 3% of an   span, but for decades the opening stretch of an administration has become the barometer of a commander in chief’s governing power, or lack thereof. The measurement began after Franklin Delano Roosevelt entered office amid the tumult of the Great Depression reported. With banks caving in and jobs vanishing, FDR set to work passing laws and establishing new government bureaus to curb the economic suffering. He swore in his entire Cabinet at once, signed 76 bills into law, and began rolling out the New Deal in his first 100 days in office  —   a frenzy of activity that, ever since, all presidents have been matched against. Every president since FDR has had to deal with the   trial, including John F. Kennedy, who used it to his benefit. “All this will not be finished in the first 100 days. Nor will it be finished in the first 1, 000 days, nor in the life of this administration, nor even perhaps in our lifetime on this planet,” Kennedy said. “But let us begin!”",0
4098,Woman Drugged And Gang Raped In Swedish Hotel,"A woman was drugged and raped by four men in a Stockholm hotel by men police describe as being foreign tourists and so far police have made no arrests in the case. [According to police, the incident occurred on Tuesday, March 28th at a hotel in the middle of the Swedish capital.  They say that the woman, herself a resident of another European country, was drugged by four men who then proceeded to take turns raping her. Sources say that the men were foreign tourists, though did not specify which country they were from Swedish paper Aftonbladet reports.  Prosecutor Debika Ray Berghog is leading the investigation into the rape attack but has been largely quiet about the details surrounding the incident. While Berghog has not given detail as to the identities of the suspects, she did confirm that the rape had occurred. “I can not say much more than that it is an ongoing investigation. The investigation is at a critical stage, so currently I can not provide more information,” she said. So far none of the suspects in the case has been arrested as Berghog claims that the case is at a “critical” time in the process.  “We have some measures we are taking. It is hoped that they will give us more clarity on what has happened and how we should proceed,” Berghog said adding, “more than that, I can not say because I do not want to risk ruining the investigation. ” Sexual assault in Sweden has become more and more common according to website “Gang Rape Sweden” which monitors publicly available court documents to assess the scale scope and origin of perpetrators involved in gang rapes. The site claims that the vast majority of those involved in gang rape attacks come from migrant or foreign backgrounds.  The site claims that between 2011 and 2015 there were 125 individuals accused and convicted of participating in group sex attacks and that 105 of them were from a foreign country. More recently Sweden has had two   gang rape incidents in the city of Uppsala that were streamed of shared on social media. The first case, which was   on Facebook, saw three men arrested during the act itself by police.  Witnesses claimed that the men involved were “Middle Eastern” in appearance. The second incident took place in late March and saw two men rape a woman while another one filmed the ordeal and posted the footage to the social media app Snapchat.  Police have so far arrested only one man in connection with the attack.  Follow Chris Tomlinson on Twitter at @TomlinsonCJ or email at ctomlinson@breitbart. com,  ",0
4099,Report: India’s City of ’Worst Engineers’ Sends the Most STEM Students to U.S. - Breitbart,"Hyderabad, the city that sends the most STEM students from India to the United States, is a city with the “worst engineers” in the country, according to a report. [“Software engineers from the city lag much behind those from other Indian cities when it comes to programming skills, a recent Aspiring Minds study of over 36, 000 engineering students in India showed,” reported Quartz. “The employability assessment company tested students from   streams at over 500 colleges across India on Automata, a machine   assessment of software development skills. ”  The results showed that those in New Delhi were the best programmers, followed by Mumbai. At number three came Bengaluru, with half of the points as those in Mumbai, followed by Chennai and Kolkata. In very last place, with a total of 4. 7 points in programming ability and 4. 76 points in programming practices, came Hyderabad. The best city, New Delhi, received 26. 63 points for programming ability and 27. 16 points for programming practices in comparison. “Hyderabad, India, sent the largest number of STEM students (20, 800) to the United States and ranked fourth for the percentage of its students pursuing a STEM degree (80%) during the   period,” declared the report. “Notably, 91% of students from Hyderabad are studying for a master’s degree, versus only 4% for a bachelor’s degree. ” “Lack of programming skills is adversely impacting the IT and data science ecosystems in India,” said Varun Aggarwal,   of Aspiring Minds, which oversaw the study. “The world is moving towards introducing programming to   . India needs to catch up. ” Charlie Nash is a reporter for Breitbart Tech. You can follow him on Twitter @MrNashington or like his page at Facebook.",0
4100,Paul Krugman’s Facebook Friends Excitedly Posting About New Article He Got Published In ‘The New York Times’ - The Onion - America's Finest News Source,"Paul Krugman’s Facebook Friends Excitedly Posting About New Article He Got Published In ‘The New York Times’ Close Vol 52 Issue 43 · News · Internet · News Media · Social Media 
NEW YORK—Sharing the link on their news feeds with captions such as “You have to read this!” and “Check out what a buddy of mine wrote,” Paul Krugman’s Facebook friends reportedly spent Tuesday morning excitedly posting about a new article of his that was published in The New York Times . “Hey everyone, my incredibly talented friend Paul Krugman got an article in the paper! So proud!” wrote the economist’s friend Wendy Shapiro, concluding her post with several exclamation points and a series of clapping hands and smiley face emojis. “This is so, so amazing! And in the New York Times, no less! WAY TO GO, PAUL!” At press time, sources confirmed that none of the 73 people who shared the link had bothered to read the article. Share This Story: WATCH VIDEO FROM THE ONION Sign up For The Onion's Newsletter 
Give your spam filter something to do. Daily Headlines ",0
4101,"For Republican Russia Hawks, a Dilemma Named Rex Tillerson - The New York Times","WASHINGTON  —   Congressional Republicans face a vexing dilemma with the impending presidency of Donald J. Trump: Will they maintain the tough line on Russia that has been central to their foreign policy for decades, or cede that ground to Democrats? For decades during the Cold War, Republicans tried to claim the hawkish mantle when it came to confronting the Soviet Union. Vice President Richard M. Nixon famously squared off against Premier Nikita Khrushchev in 1959, and years later President Ronald Reagan cast the Soviets as an “evil empire. ” Reagan made that kind assertiveness central to his foreign policy and he is credited by many with hastening the downfall of the Soviet Union, the most persistent and formidable adversary of the United States of the last 60 years. And Reagan disciples today in the Republican Party, including Vice   Mike Pence, are many. Reagan helped to frame the template for an American foreign policy that promulgated democracy around the world and curbed what has often been called Russian adventurism. Now Republicans will have to reconcile that party catechism with their vote on Mr. Trump’s selection as secretary of state, Rex W. Tillerson, who is the chief executive of Exxon Mobil and a longtime friend of President Vladimir V. Putin of Russia. Mr. Tillerson, who has described his relationship with Mr. Putin as close, was once presented with the Russian Order of Friendship, one of the highest honors a foreigner can receive. Mr. Trump’s selection of him drew strong condemnation from Democrats and a cool reception from a handful of Republicans like Senator John McCain, Republican of Arizona, a longtime leader against Russian aggression. “Russia is going to be the central litmus test for United States policy,” said Heather A. Conley, a Russia expert at the Center for Strategic and International Studies. “Our allies and our adversaries are watching this very closely, and obviously the names of the cabinet positions are being scrutinized that much more closely. ” Senate Republicans  —   including Senator Bob Corker of Tennessee, chairman of the Foreign Relations Committee  —   who have long been critical of Mr. Putin and of President Obama’s attempt to “reset” relations with Moscow, have praised Mr. Tillerson. “Mr. Tillerson is a very impressive individual and has an extraordinary working knowledge of the world,” Mr. Corker said. That view was echoed by Senator Mitch McConnell of Kentucky, the majority leader. The laudatory response from many Republicans over a choice that a year ago, on paper at least, might have appalled them demonstrates a strong desire to begin a new administration aligned with Mr. Trump. It is the same dynamic that has prevented a larger outcry from congressional Republicans over revelations that Russia interfered with the presidential election. They fear they could appear aligned with Democrats in raising questions about the election’s legitimacy. While congressional leaders called for investigations into possible tampering, they stopped short of ordering expansive efforts like a select committee. At the same time, a majority of Republicans are overjoyed with Mr. Trump’s other cabinet picks  —   staunch conservatives in the world of education, health care and law enforcement  —   and are likely to accede to the  ’s choice for the nation’s chief diplomat. The other selections are “draft picks for conservatives who have been looking to reform those departments for years,” said Kevin Madden, a former adviser to Mitt Romney, who was passed over for secretary of state. “Those cabinet picks have certainly helped build up some of that political capital. ” Still, the contrast from recent years is striking. In 2012, when Mr. Romney was running for president, he called Russia the “No. 1 geopolitical foe,” a position echoing decades of Republican thinking. He was derided by Mr. Obama, his opponent. Mr. Corker and others have joined the most robust voices on Capitol Hill in calling for sanctions on Russia, a position that would seem to put them at odds with Mr. Trump and Mr. Tillerson. He and 20 Senate Republicans tried in 2014 to push through severe new sanction triggers against the nation, and he praised Mr. Obama when he imposed them on Russia for destabilizing Ukraine. Both of the last two major defense bills authorized funding for security assistance to Ukraine, including lethal assistance the Obama administration has refused to provide. This year’s bill authorizes $3. 4 billion for the European Deterrence Initiative, a fourfold increase from last year, focused on increasing the size, capability and readiness of American forces in Europe against growing threats to their security and territorial integrity. Those bills, while championed by Mr. McCain, are in keeping with a long history of bipartisan agreements over checking Russia, like the 1974   Amendment, a trade measure that required emigration criteria to get certain trade benefits. In 2012, led by Senator Benjamin L. Cardin, Democrat of Maryland, Congress overwhelmingly passed more sanctions tied to Russian human rights abuses. Last week, Congress passed the Global Magnitsky Human Rights Accountability Act as part of the broad defense bill, continuing a longstanding bipartisan focus on human rights and anticorruption efforts. “I have found Congress on both sides of the aisle to be entirely robust on the issue of Russia,” said William Browder, chief executive of Hermitage Capital, noting that the Senate passed the 2012 measure 92 to 4. “Since then the situation has gotten only worse between Ukraine, the Crimean War, crimes in Syria, cheating in sports, hacking in American elections and so on,” Mr. Browder continued. “It is hard for me to imagine that Congress would suddenly change their mind about Russia just because Donald Trump has a different view. ” There have been notable exceptions to the Republicans praising Mr. Tillerson. Senator Marco Rubio, Republican of Florida, said this week: “I have serious concerns about his nomination. The next secretary of state must be someone who views the world with moral clarity. ” Senator Lindsey Graham of South Carolina, who often aligns with Mr. McCain, said in a statement that he expected “the U. S.  relationship to be front and center in his confirmation process. ” Two other Republicans, Senators James Lankford of Oklahoma and Ben Sasse of Nebraska, reacted to the news as if they had been presented with their sixth choice on a lunch menu of 10 items. “Senator Sasse has been outspoken against Russia’s recent aggressions,” said his spokesman, James Wegmann. “He also looks forward to diving into every nominee’s record. ” The burden will fall to Mr. Tillerson, and perhaps Mr. Trump, to persuade Mr. Rubio and enough other Republicans that he shares their views on Russia, his friendship with Mr. Putin notwithstanding. The process, Ms. Conley, the Russia expert, said, may well provide clues to allies and adversaries about where the United States is headed under Mr. Trump and a   Congress in what has been a fraught relationship with Russia. “The question is: Is the United States willing to accommodate the Russian annexation of territory, the invasion of its neighbors and its indiscriminate bombing of civilians in Syria, or are we willing to defend principles and rules that go back to the end of the Second World War?” Ms. Conley said. “If the U. S. walks away from these principles, other countries such as Russia will step into the breach and trample on the very rules that keep Americans safe. ”",0
4102,"‘Richard Nixon,’ Portrait of a Thin-Skinned, Media-Hating President - The New York Times","RICHARD NIXONThe LifeBy John A. FarrellIllustrated. 737 pages. Doubleday. $35. While writing “Richard Nixon: The Life,” John A. Farrell could not possibly have known who would be president on the day his fine book was published. That it happens to be Donald J. Trump is, for him, an extraordinary stroke of luck. To read this biography with an eye only toward the parallels between the two presidents would be lazy and unfair, a disservice to Farrell’s nuanced scholarship. But the context here is unignorable. The similarities between Nixon and Trump leap off the page like crickets. There is, first and most superficially, their nonpresidential looks  —   Trump with his roosterly combover, Nixon with jowls so low they formed an   with his nose. More substantively, there’s the matter of their Old Testament fury at the news media. (“The press is the enemy,” Nixon told his aides. “Write that on the blackboard 100 times and never forget it. ”) What else? Their thin skin. Their skyscraping paranoia. Their cavernous memory for slights. It’s hard to think of two modern presidents with a more dire case of political hemophilia. Once wounded, these men never stop bleeding. Like Trump, Nixon was a monomaniac on the stump, obsessed with the enemies lurking within. Nixon, too, had a penchant for sowing mayhem and a gourmand’s appetite for revenge, especially in the wee hours of the morning. (Trump tweets. Nixon made phone calls.) And members of Nixon’s own party feared for his stability. As vice president, he once flew into a rage after contending with a group of hostile student journalists at Cornell University. “What scares the hell out of me is that you would blow sky high over a thing as inconsequential as this,” an adviser told him. “What in goddamn would you do if you were president and get into a really bad situation?” These similarities in character lead to eerily similar behavioral consequences. In 1968, Nixon opened up a back channel to the president of South Vietnam, assuring him he’d get further support if he could just hold out for a Nixon presidency and resist Lyndon B. Johnson’s offers to broker peace. Nearly 50 years later, Michael Flynn had private discussions with the Russians that seemed to promise them a friendlier American policy  —   if they could just sit tight until Trump was inaugurated. Both men went on to claim that their predecessors had wiretapped these discussions. Nixon said he’d been tipped off by J. Edgar Hoover. Confirmation of Nixon’s meddling in Johnson’s peace efforts is the only real news that “Richard Nixon” breaks. But startling revelations are hardly the only criterion for a good Nixon biography. He’s an electrifying subject, a muttering Lear, of perennial interest to anyone with even an average curiosity about politics or psychology. The real test of a good Nixon biography, given how many there are, is far simpler: Is it elegantly written? And, even more important, can it tolerate paradoxes and complexity, the spikier stuff that distinguishes   sinners from   villains? The answer, in the case of “Richard Nixon,” is yes, on both counts. Farrell has a liquid style that slips easily down the gullet, and he understands all too well that Nixon was a vat of contradictions. Some readers may find Farrell’s portrait too sympathetic  —   he’s as apt to describe Nixon as a tortured depressive as he is to call him a malevolent sneak  —   but more readers, I think, will find this book complicating and  . It’s also hard to read a   history of a president’s life without feeling like you’re crawling over the dense folds of an accordion. But most chapters in “Richard Nixon” have room to breathe. The development of Nixon’s character in this book is subtle. He doesn’t start out as a rampaging narcissist and megalomaniac. Over time, it was power combined with profound insecurity that misshaped him. He had no ability to tolerate the slings and arrows of outrageous public humiliations, of which he probably suffered a disproportionate many, and he responded with the venom of a toadfish. The press trolled him. Even Dwight D. Eisenhower trolled him. Once, Ike was asked to name an important decision Nixon had helped him make as his vice president. “If you give me a week, I might think of one,” he replied. Farrell follows a mostly chronological structure. We go to Whittier, Calif. where Nixon was raised by an ogre of a father, a fellow so bad at farming he couldn’t grow lemons. As a young man, Nixon was awkward, square, hopeless at making small talk. I could read a whole book of his love letters to Pat, his future wife. They’re endearing and pathetic, the desperate pleas of the runt of the litter. “Yes, I know I’m crazy!” he wrote in a note he shoved under her door. “And that   …     I don’t take hints, but you see, Miss Pat, I like you!” In some ways, the Watergate years, because they’re so familiar, are the least interesting stretch of this book. (Though here’s a detail I’d forgotten: Nixon had a mole in almost every opponent’s campaign, a thumb in every pie.) It’s Farrell’s chapters about race that prove the most textured and dizzying: It was over this issue that the president’s Quaker upbringing and Machiavellian impulses seemed most overtly at war. When Nixon first ran for Congress, he was made an honorary member of the local N. A. A. C. P. so progressive was he on matters of race. Yet while running for president, he made it clear he’d “lay off   crap,” and once in office he mastered the rhetorical art of exploiting racial grievances. Thus began the South’s transformation from a block of   states to a G. O. P. sea. You can also draw a through line from Nixon’s contempt for the liberal elite to Trump’s boastful claims of political incorrectness. That vaudevillian public disdain for East Coast intellectuals, Ivy League blue bloods, cosmopolites  —   all of it started with Nixon. It was he who first used the phrase “the silent majority. ” He came by that populism honestly. He started from nothing, and he found the culture of Washington, which went gaga over pretty, privileged boys like John F. Kennedy, infuriating. What his populism didn’t mean, however, was stripping the welfare state to the studs. The public still had a taste for big government back then. During Nixon’s presidency, he signed the Occupational Safety and Health Act and established the Environmental Protection Agency. The most charitable biographies paint Nixon as a tragic figure, and that’s precisely what the president is here. Farrell’s Nixon is smart and ambitious, a visionary in some ways (China) but also skinless, both driven and utterly undone by  . It may be the way he differs most, at least psychologically, from our current president. Trump has shown almost no evidence of   ever, about anything. He appears to sail through life unencumbered by introspection. He’d yield no more depth if you used an oil rig. But grandiosity and profound insecurity often find the same form of public expression: recklessness. “I sometimes had the impression that he invited crisis and that he couldn’t stand normalcy,” Henry Kissinger once said. I’ll leave it up to the reader to determine which president he’s best describing.",0
4103,Game Over: These Guys Are No Longer Big Sports Fans - The New York Times,"You would be   to find someone more devoted to the Cleveland Browns than Jeff Stemler. He exulted over the wins. After losses, he was so angry that he couldn’t speak. The team was part of his identity. It started in his childhood, when the quarterback Brian Sipe led the Browns to improbable   victories. As an adult, Mr. Stemler became a   holder. He cried when the team moved to Baltimore in 1995, and he found love again when the National Football League awarded Cleveland with a new Browns franchise in 1998. But somehow, after hundreds of Sundays at the stadium or in the television glow, it all came to an end. It wasn’t because the Browns were bad, necessarily. It was something else. Something deeper. Mr. Stemler, a    landscape supplies salesman in Columbus, Ohio, pinpoints the moment to a Sunday in October 2014, when the Browns thumped the Pittsburgh Steelers,  . As giddy fans spoke of a new era in Cleveland, Mr. Stemler felt nothing. “Is this really what makes me happy?” he asked himself. “Everyone is going nuts, and I’m just kind of sitting there,” Mr. Stemler added. “I remember this guy looking at me and asking: ‘What’s wrong? Why aren’t you excited? ’” The strange feeling did not go away. “I think I have gotten to a point in my life where I need to let things go that don’t bring me enjoyment,” he said. “I think as you get older, you realize you don’t hang on to things that don’t bring you joy. If it’s not making me happy, then why do it? Don’t just do it because you feel like you should be doing it. That’s what I was doing  —   I was going up every Sunday for the Browns, and I was dreading it. ” Most fans develop a bond with a team as children. For reasons that may go unquestioned, they stick with it, no matter the emotional toll. In the view of the New Yorker writer and editor Roger Angell, our connection to sports is ultimately tied to caring: “deeply and passionately, really caring  —   which is a capacity or an emotion that has almost gone out of our lives,” he wrote in 1975. But then there are those fans who begin to question why they care so much. Once doubt takes hold, they wonder why they spend so much time and emotion on mere games. Before they know it, they are on a path that takes them away from the majority culture for whom sports adulation is the norm. Julio Guerrero, 33, was an impressionable boy when the quarterback Brett Favre came on the scene for the Green Bay Packers in 1992. As Favre gave new life to the Packers, Mr. Guerrero, who lives in Milwaukee and manages a call center, became devoted to the team and joined the Sunday ritual that defines football fandom. “You don’t miss a game unless you have like a really special family function, like a wedding or a funeral,” he said. “That is part of your Sunday. It’s part of the culture. It’s what you do. You go to work five days a week and you make sure you watch the Packers. ” Mr. Guerrero embraced Favre’s style of play. Here was an unruly kid from Mississippi who won over Green Bay fans with his gunslinger style and led the team to a Super Bowl victory. It seemed as if the fun would go on forever. But when Favre left the Packers in 2008, Mr. Guerrero sensed his devotion starting to wane. Somehow he couldn’t relate to Favre’s successor, Aaron Rodgers, and he realized his fandom had reached an end when he wasn’t thrilled by the Packers’ Super Bowl victory in 2011. He no longer spends his Sundays in front of the TV. He has become the guy at work who can’t talk about the game on Monday morning. He has built a new life for himself that doesn’t include football. “I think the new set of friends I have are more into music and movies and arts, which is more of what I am into these days,” Mr. Guerrero said. “I don’t really feel that connected anymore to people who go to the bar and watch the football game every Sunday. ” Even before he attended the University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill, Robert McNees lived for its basketball team, the Tar Heels. Now an associate professor of physics at Loyola University Chicago, he can still see a freshman named Michael Jordan hitting the game winner against Georgetown in the 1982 N. C. A. A. tournament championship game. Dr. McNees’s affection for the team lasted well after he graduated. But as he grew older, he began to realize that much of his emotional attachment was bound to his fond memories of his college days. His moment of reckoning came in 2012. After holding a   lead with two and a half minutes to go against Duke, North Carolina ended up losing at the buzzer. Dr. McNees was inconsolable. Then he started to question himself. “I was bummed out after that,” he said. “Then I was bummed out about the fact that I was so bummed out about it. Why? These are two groups of   to    playing a game. It should not have that much of an impact on a grown man. ” Dr. McNees, 43, decided to take a step back. He has not sworn off the Tar Heels altogether, but he no longer watches every game. And when he does, he is careful not to allow the outcome to ruin his day. Finding that kind of middle ground is not an option for most fans, including Rob Jordan, a    lawyer in Manhattan. As a child, he had posters of the baseball stars Ken Griffey Jr. and Mike Piazza on the walls of his bedroom. As Mike Schmidt cried while announcing his retirement at a 1989 news conference, Mr. Jordan wept right along with him. His fandom deepened with the rise of fantasy sports. He became well versed in even the most obscure baseball, basketball and football players, and he said he won thousands of dollars as a result of his expertise. About the time he turned 30, he decided that fantasy sports was no longer the best use of his time. And it wasn’t a big step from cutting out fantasy to leaving behind sports fandom altogether. Recently, Mr. Jordan gave up cable TV, meaning he no longer has access to ESPN. He didn’t bother to watch an inning of the 2016 World Series  —   not even Game 7, which was viewed by 40 million  —   although it was broadcast on network television. “I think there was a point where I consciously looked around and said, ‘Hey, I can keep admiring and celebrating the accomplishments of somebody else for a minimal amount of   entertainment value, or I can better allocate that time toward my own dreams and projects,’” Mr. Jordan said. “Clearly, I came out on the side of the latter. ” “It got to a point where even seeing a grown man in his   wearing a jersey with some other name on the back struck me as immature and odd,” he added. “You say, ‘Come on man, grow up. ’”",0
4104,Boston Globe: Donald Trump ’YouTube’s Biggest New Star’ - Breitbart,"Donald Trump’s weekly presidential addresses have become YouTube hits. Unlike the addresses of past presidents  —   which attracted little attention  —   Trump’s videos have “become surprise online blockbusters  —   with record numbers of Internet viewers,” the Boston Globe’s Annie Linskey reports. [From the Boston Globe,  “He loves doing them,” said Cliff Sims, a West Wing staffer who oversees the address and meets the president each week, often first thing in the morning, with a   folder containing the script. “The most powerful weapon we have in our communications arsenal is President Trump speaking directly to the American people. ” The average audience for Trump’s first 15 weekly addresses was 1. 7 million views. That’s more than three times as big as the average viewership Obama received in the same time period last year, according to a Globe analysis of publicly available data.   …     Each week the Democrats faithfully offer a rebuttal of sorts with their own   address. (Under Obama the Republicans did this, too.) The job of delivering an opposition message rotates between the Democrats in House of Representatives and the Senate. These are not as popular. For the rest of the article, click here.",0
4105,Russia Requires Apple and Google to Remove LinkedIn From Local App Stores - The New York Times,"WASHINGTON  —   Smartphone users in Russia can no longer download the LinkedIn app on iPhone or Android devices, following a similar move in China to block The New York Times app on iPhones. The demand by Russian authorities to remove LinkedIn in Apple and Google app stores comes weeks after a court blocked the professional networking service for flouting local laws that require internet firms to store data on Russian citizens within the nation’s borders. The action is the equivalent of a nation banning “Catcher in The Rye” and then forcing booksellers to remove the title from their shelves. It puts Apple and Google in a difficult position. The companies are strong proponents of open internet policies and free speech but are now being asked to be agents for governments that censor its citizens. When LinkedIn’s website was blocked, the apps stopped functioning properly. Removing them from the Google Play store and Apple’s App Store may not have cut off access to content, but it sent a signal that countries can push the tech giants to remove the apps. Direct blocking of websites has been done by China, Russia, Turkey and several other nations for years, usually through their   internet service providers. But civil rights groups say the pressure authoritarian governments are now placing on Apple and Google is a new wrinkle. “Apps are the new choke point of free expression,” said Rebecca MacKinnon, who leads a project on open internet tracking at New America. Increasingly, United States tech companies are complying with those demands. In the early 2000s, American internet firms strongly pushed back on demands by China to comply with censorship rules within the country’s internet controls, known as the Great Firewall. Recently, Facebook has been working on a censorship tool to be able to access China, where it is currently blocked along with Twitter and Google. LinkedIn, which is owned by Microsoft, said it was “disappointed” with the decision by Russian regulators to block the service, which the company confirmed was extended to apps in Russian Apple and Google Play stores. “It denies access to our members in Russia and the companies that use LinkedIn to grow their businesses,” said Nicole Leverich, a spokeswoman for LinkedIn. Apple confirmed it was asked to remove its LinkedIn app in Russia about a month ago. It has also confirmed it was asked by China to block The New York Times app, but declined to comment further on both events. Google would not confirm it has removed LinkedIn in Russia but said it adheres to local laws in the countries in which it operates. More nations have enforced their own internet laws in recent years. Turkey intermittently blocks social media, such as during the attempted government coup last summer. It has also forced YouTube to remove content it considers disparaging of its   founder Mustafa Kemal Ataturk. European nations have also drawn up their own privacy laws and in 2014 a court declared its citizens could demand internet companies like Google unlink information about users upon request. Tech companies and civil rights advocates warn that the increasing push by nations to create their own internet rules will Balkanize the internet and potentially lead to privacy violations and the stifling of political dissent. Other countries, however, criticize Silicon Valley and the United States government for setting the norms and rules for the internet. “Internet free speech and internet freedom are increasingly under attack all over the globe, and not just from authoritarian regimes,” said Robert M. McDowell, a former member of the Federal Communications Commission and partner at Cooley law firm. “It appears to be a   ratchet with speech control getting tighter. ” LinkedIn has several million users in Russia, it said. In November, a Russian court ruled that the professional networking site broke local laws that require foreign internet firms to keep their servers holding information on Russian accounts within the nation. Most American internet companies in Russia operate in violation of the law, but without explanation, Russian regulators at a body known as Roskomnadzor took the rare step of enforcing its rules. The Russian regulators could not be immediately reached for comment. The action came at a tense moment in   States relations related to cyber affairs. Russia has been accused of hacking into American accounts, including the Democratic National Committee, to try to influence the presidential election. American intelligence officials concluded in a declassified report released on Friday that the president of Russia, Vladimir V. Putin, ordered the campaign.",0
4107,Hillary Wants Aggressively Interventionist Foreign Policy,"10-27-1 6 The first Bill and Hillary Clinton co-presidency included eight years of Balkan and other wars of aggression. Bush/Cheney exceeded their lawlessness. Obama outdid the worst of both previous administrations - attacking seven countries, destabilizing others, orchestrating coups in Honduras, Paraguay and Brazil, threatening Venezuelan democracy, enforcing puppet rule in Haiti, continuing Plan Colombia aid, responsible for massacres, disappearances and torture of regime opponents, along with instituting increasingly anti-Sino/Russia policies, risking confrontation with both countries. On October 27, the Wall Street Journal said 2016 electoral politics scrambled traditional positions on foreign policy and international intervention, obliterating many of the usual partisan distinctions and presenting political challenges for whoever wins in November. Hillary will likely exceed the worst of Obamas aggressiveness on the international stage, according to her public statements and (what) top aides say. Shell be more hardline on Russia, China and Iran, risking direct confrontation. Earlier she said I think Ive been very clear that my position is in favor of what I called smart power that uses all the tools at our disposal, and military power always should be a last resort. Her views as first lady, US senator and secretary of state show how often she favors it aggressively, her rage for wars insatiable. As president and commander-in-chief, shell likely circumvent international and constitutional law like her predecessors, waging war on any nation she chooses. Former acting CIA director Michael Morell, a likely Hillary administration appointee, urges a more muscular US geopolitical role, including new sanctions on Russia and Iran, earlier saying: Ships leave Iran on a regular basis carrying arms to the Houthis in Yemen. I would have no problem from a policy perspective of having the US Navy boarding their ships and if there are weapons on them to turn those ships around. This type aggressiveness would risk greater Middle East war than already, maybe involving Russia and China, challenging US interventionism - knowing their nations are next if its not stopped. Earlier, Hillarys top national security advisor Jake Sullivan said (w)e need to be raising the costs to Iran for its destabilizing behavior, and we need to be raising the confidence of our Sunni partners. Last years nuclear deal failed to change overall US policy toward Iran - wanting pro-Western puppet governance replacing its sovereign independence. Instead of cooperating with Iran in furthering regional peace and stability, a Hillary administration appears planning to challenge it confrontationally - perhaps with another war in mind, a far greater challenge than against other Middle East states, especially with Russia likely to intervene if asked. Stephen Lendman lives in Chicago. He can be reached at lendmanstephen@sbcglobal.net. His new book as editor and contributor is titled ""Flashpoint in Ukraine: How the US Drive for Hegemony Risks WW III."" http://www.claritypress.com/LendmanIII.html Visit his blog site at sjlendman.blogspot.com. Listen to cutting-edge discussions with distinguished guests on the Progressive Radio News Hour on the Progressive Radio Network. Donate to Rense.com Support Free & Honest Journalism At Rense.com Subscribe To RenseRadio! Enormous Online Archives, MP3s, Streaming Audio Files, Highest Quality Live Programs",0
4108,California Today: Is a U.C. Education Affordable Anymore? - The New York Times,"Good morning. (Want to get California Today by email? Sign up.) Since the lofty idealism of the 1960s, the goal of making college affordable for all Californians has been in dogged decline. Tuition at both the University of California and California State systems has tripled over the last 15 years. And now, leaders of both institutions are pondering another increase. The result, according to a new survey, is that many Californians no longer see a path into public higher education. The study by the Public Policy Institute of California found that 85 percent of Californians surveyed now think that tuition costs at the state’s public colleges and universities present a problem. “It’s not about quality,” said Mark Baldassare, the president of the nonprofit research group. “It’s about affordability. ” To critics, the worries are more evidence of a betrayal of mission enshrined in California’s higher education system: that any resident who worked hard enough would be guaranteed a   university education. At the moment, the University of California’s undergraduate tuition and fees are roughly $13, 500 a year, well above the national average for public universities. At Cal State, about $6, 900. A University of California spokesman, Ricardo Vazquez, noted that the Public Policy Institute survey showed that a wide majority of Californians judged the quality of instruction at the state’s public colleges and universities favorably. But, he added in a statement, “The findings also show that Californians are aware and concerned, as is U. C. that public higher education in the state is severely underfunded. ” According to the University of California, the system relied on state funding for nearly a quarter of its budget as recently as 2002. That figure is now about 10 percent, after more than $1 billion in cuts. Still, representatives of both Cal State and the University of California said that the tuition of a majority of their students was fully covered by financial aid. The costs of transportation, textbooks and housing, however, are another matter. University students have reported struggles with soaring housing costs in the areas surrounding many of the campuses, in places like Irvine, Santa Barbara and Berkeley. In July, a survey found that one in five University of California students sometimes went hungry. A study this year by the Institute for College Access and Success, a nonprofit advocacy group, found that even after subtracting aid,   students in both the Cal State and University of California systems had to come up with as much as $13, 000 a year. “And by low income, I mean with a family income that’s under $30, 000,” said Debbie Cochrane, vice president at the organization. “So, that is a hefty price tag. ” The Times is doing something new: Our reporters who are investigating the Oakland warehouse fire will be providing regular updates on their findings. We are also asking readers for help in tracking down information, and for suggestions on what issues related to the fire we should explore. Email oaklandfire@nytimes. com. • In the   Ship aftermath that left 36 people dead, fire departments are cracking down on illegal warehouses nationwide. [The New York Times] • Lawmakers in Washington approved a bill that provides $558 million in drought relief for California. Senator Barbara Boxer has vowed to fight it. [McClatchy] • California is preparing to lead the resistance as nativist ideologues around Donald J. Trump itch for him to be merciless. [The New York Times Editorial Board] • The   chose Andrew F. Puzder, a Southern California   executive, as labor secretary. He opposes raising the minimum wage. [The New York Times] • Los Angeles prosecutors accused four big retailers  —   J. C. Penney, Sears, Kohl’s and Macy’s  —   of tricking shoppers. [Los Angeles Times] • Millions of Bay Area residents were informed that their stinky tap water is safe to drink. [San Francisco Chronicle] • Palm Springs millennials are returning home to open restaurants where the rent is cheap. [LA Weekly] • The Emerald Cup, a marijuana fair in Santa Rosa, is expected to draw 30, 000 people this weekend. [San Francisco Chronicle] • Movie Review: “La La Land,” starring Ryan Gosling and Emma Stone, succeeds as both a romantic comedy and a showbiz melodrama. [The New York Times] • Photographs: The year’s best actors channeled classic   looks. [The New York Times] It was supposed to be the Woodstock of the West. Instead, the Altamont Speedway Free Festival became one of the more notorious days in rock history. It was this week in 1969 that the Bay Area concert headlined by the Rolling Stones descended into mayhem as Hells Angels beat dozens of concertgoers and, in one case, stabbed an    to death within 20 feet of the stage. Organizers had wanted to host the concert, which was also to feature the    Grateful Dead, among other acts, at San Francisco’s Golden Gate Park. But the plans fell apart. At the last minute, Dick Carter, the owner of Altamont, offered his raceway in the city of Livermore. A rambling army of hippies  —   estimated at more than 300, 000  —   swept into the outdoor site. According to Joel Selvin, author of “Altamont: The Rolling Stones, the Hells Angels, and the Inside Story of Rock’s Darkest Day,” the planning was a debacle. Nobody was in charge, he said. There was no water or food concessions and too few toilets. Bad acid was everywhere. The Hells Angels had been enlisted to handle security. One of the motorcycle club’s primary duties: Keep fans a safe distance from the stage. Armed with pool cues, the bikers whacked and punched concertgoers. Briefed about the degenerating situation, the Dead refused to play. But the Stones went ahead. As scuffles broke out during their set, Mick Jagger pleaded for calm: “Come on now. That means everybody just cool out!” Then, for reasons uncertain to this day, Meredith Hunter, a black man dressed in a lime green suit, pulled a revolver near the stage. He was swiftly stabbed by a Hells Angel and pummeled by others, killing him. The stabbing was captured by filmmakers who made it a central scene in a documentary about the Stones called “Gimme Shelter. ” (Alan Passaro, the Angel who wielded the knife, was later indicted on a charge of murder but acquitted by a jury on grounds of  .) Altamont ultimately became a shorthand in the larger culture for the hippie movement’s dark underbelly. The episode did not spell the end of the counterculture, said Mr. Selvin, the author. “But it was a terrible loss of innocence. ” California Today goes live at 6 a. m. Pacific time weekdays. Tell us what you want to see: CAtoday@nytimes. com. The California Today columnist, Mike McPhate, is a   Californian  —   born outside Sacramento and raised in San Juan Capistrano. He lives in Davis. Follow him on Twitter. California Today is edited by Julie Bloom, who grew up in Los Angeles and attended U. C. Berkeley.",0
4109,To pander to Hispanics Hillary states some whoppers on Univision,"To pander to Hispanics Hillary states some whoppers on Univision page: 1 link Ah, Hillary. You change your accent depending on who you talk to. You tell Blacks in an interview you carry hot sauce everywhere. You try to appeal to Native Americans with Elizabeth Warren (hahahaha) but for her this is a low. USing her own grandchild....it isn't the first time she has used the grandchild either. It was the excuse for Bill and Loretta also... Link First, when asked, she says her favorite food is Mexican. In an article this year for “Thrillist,” detailing her favorite restaurants in the state of the New York, Clinton listed Rao’s (Italian), Northern Lights Creamery (gelato ice cream), Lange’s Little Store (sandwiches), Charlie The Butcher’s (meat) and others. But she didn’t list a single Mexican establishment. Second, she went on to tell the hosts her 2 y/o granddaughter is learning Spanish. Really? I mean she should have walked on stage with an El Chapo t-shirt, a sombrero and a six pack of Sol for goodness sake. Now, i know, this is not a big deal but stop and think. She is pathological. Is that who we really want in the White House? Someone who will say ANYTHING to ANYBODY in order to get them to agree. Using your grandchild to pander to a voting block. She is Nasty. If I was HIspanic this may not drive me to vote Trump, even though they should and will, I certainly would not vote for someone as fake as she is. Only good thing was she got a bottle of Tequila for her birthday. I am sure Bills foot massagers in his library will love it.... edit on 10pm31pmf 2016-10-26T14:56:02-05:000202 by matafuchs because: (no reason given) edit on 10pm31pmf 2016-10-26T14:57:05-05:000205 by matafuchs because: (no reason given)",0
4110,Watch: MSNBC’s Rachel Maddow Asks if Trump Will Send Her ‘to a Camp’ - Breitbart,"Wednesday on Bravo’s “Watch What Happens Live With Andy Cohen,” MSNBC host Rachel Maddow said that she would like to ask   Donald Trump if he is going to send her “to a camp. ”  Reading a viewer question Cohen asked, “If you booked Donald Trump on your show, what would your first question be?” Maddow replied, “Ah, are you going to send me or anybody that I know to a camp?” (  The Hill) Follow Pam Key on Twitter @pamkeyNEN",0
4112,SHOCKING: Hillary’s Looking At Disaster & Anthony Weiner’s To Blame,"SHOCKING: Hillary’s Looking At Disaster & Anthony Weiner’s To Blame Posted on October 28, 2016 by Rebecca Diserio in Politics Share This 
Hillary Clinton just got hit with a huge roadblock by the FBI in her quest for the presidency, and things are looking pretty dire for her campaign and election hopes. However, the Clintons play dirty, and she won’t go down easily. Yet, in a crazy turn of events, it looks like the fall of Hillary Clinton is linked to none other than Anthony Weiner, and what’s been exposed now going to shock the whole world. Hillary Clinton (left), Anthony Weiner (right) 
Hillary’s campaign was rocked today by FBI James Comey as he announced the reopening of the investigation into Hillary’s email server and sending of classified emails. When Hillary spoke in Iowa after the huge announcement, she was delusional as she gave her prepared comments and said nothing about the FBI’s case against her. 
Adding fuel to the fire, Clinton campaign manager Robby Mook did something pretty damning, just minutes after the Comey announcement. He deleted his entire Twitter feed and years of tweets that must have incriminated him in some way to Hillary’s email scandal. But, that’s not all. 
Fox News is reporting that the FBI found other emails from another government official, not from WikiLeaks but coming from an investigation into Anthony Weiner , which may indicate that his wife Huma Abedin, Hillary’s closest aide, is the link to the disaster Hillary is now facing: 
“A senior law enforcement official separately told Fox News the FBI decision is not linked to WikiLeaks messages or any hack, and the newly discovered emails did not come from the Clinton server – but from another device from another government official.” 
Hillary doesn’t live in the real world very well, so she won’t go quietly, even though it’s pretty clear her campaign is probably over. Even when facing defeat against Barack Obama in 2008, she would not give up. 
Even when it came to the battle for the Democratic nomination, Hillary Clinton refused to concede defeat until the bitter end and then past it. Not only did Hillary refuse to drop out even when Obama was the clear winner, while her people threatened a convention floor fight, but she insisted on staying on in the race for increasingly bizarre and even downright disturbing reasons. 
In South Dakota, Hillary explained that there was no reason for her to drop out because somebody might shoot Barack Obama, “We all remember Bobby Kennedy was assassinated in June in California.” [via Sultan Knish ] 
Even after Obama had clinched the delegate votes, Hillary’s speech brought back the Al Gore argument that George Bush didn’t win the election in 2000, saying, “Nearly 18 million of you cast your votes for our campaign, carrying the popular vote with more votes than any primary candidate in history. Even when the pundits and the naysayers proclaimed week after week that this race was over, you kept on voting.” Robby Mook (left) deleted his entire Twitter feed after FBI re-opened email case, Huma Abedin & Hillary Clinton (right) 
Look for Hillary, refusing to drop out of this campaign, and We the People need to put pressure on the FBI to conclude this investigation before Election Day. We cannot have a sitting president who will be going to prison, and yet, we know that Hillary Clinton will refuse to drop out no matter how dire this situation truly is. 
The mere fact that we all know she is guilty of sending classified documents makes her unfit to hold any political office ever again, and Americans must demand Hillary Clinton is held accountable. It’s time we take back our country and put Hillary in prison where she belongs.",0
4113,Should I Get Botox?,"Support Us Should I Get Botox? 
source Add To The Conversation Using Facebook Comments November 1, 2016 at 6:25 am 
I think that maybe she can use a very natural makeup as an enhancement for her features to make her skin look softer and fresher. More than those lines her skin looks tired. Exfoliation, hydration, and a natural makeup will do a great difference in her.﻿ November 1, 2016 at 6:25 am 
Botox is a toxin, it's not for ""taking care of your skin"". If you want to actually take care of your skin and reduce the appearance of your wrinkles, you should do a deep chemical peel once a year, derma roll every month, and use prescription Retin-A in between those things. Keeping the skin hydrated and nourished with consistent exfoliation is the key to young skin. So vitamin e oil, steam facials and natural moisturizers on the regular. As far as feminism and skincare/plastic surgery, I think it's less a gender issue than a reach to maintain biological attraction. Youth equals fertility, and – because we're animals – to attract a mate, generally it's about how ""fertile"" you appear. Call it peacocking or whatever you will, it's not anti-feminist to care about how you look.﻿",0
4114,Cop Versus Two Informed Teens who Refuse to Submit to an Unlawful Detainment,"posted by Eddie Below is a great example of how police harass the innocent. C.J. and Matt were simply walking, at night. They had committed no crime and presented no threat to another’s property or person when a police officer decided to detain them. 
This police officer had no reasonable suspicion to stop these guys so he says they were loitering. Apparently walking through a public space at night, is now loitering. After stopping them, the officer claims that not answering questions is ‘suspicious activity.’ Apparently the 5th Amendment to the Constitution is ‘suspicious’ to this cop. Some people will say that he should have consented and answered the questions this cop was asking. However they have probably never heard this lecture, by officer George Bruch of the Virginia Beach Police Department, explaining why you should ‘never, never, never, ever talk to the police, ever.’ The police will all to often use your own words to imply that a crime has been committed, even if you are innocent. Around the 4:30 mark in the video, C.J. makes this officer look pretty silly. It was good that C.J. got this jab in early as the night had apparently just started for these cops. Tax payer money well spent.",0
4115,An Alternate Narrative on Hillary Clinton and Donald Trump,"Email 
Elections in the United States are far and away the most expensive in the entire world. In 2012, the Federal Election Commission reported that $7 billion was spent on the presidential campaign. By the time the ink is dry on the 2016 election, the number will likely be even higher. American voters take for granted that political campaigns provide value that allows them to choose the candidate that best represents their ideology and policy positions. But, is this really the best system? Is it even a good one? 
The astronomical cost of campaigns in the U.S. prohibits all but a small handful of individuals with the celebrity and access to obscene sums money the realistic opportunity to compete. It should be no surprise that the two finalists for president in 2016 are both multi-millionaire oligarchs. Even so, they are dependent on raising hundreds of millions of dollars from big business and other special interests. 
Is it reasonable to expect that after such a process the winner of the election will be able to represent the interests of the average citizen rather than the super-wealthy elite individuals and corporations whose patronage allowed them achieve victory at the polls? 
A recent Princeton University academic study disputes this notion. Martin Giles and Benjamin Page write that statistical measures demonstrate that elites and business interests have an impact on policy directly correlated to their wealth, while the average voter has no discernible impact on policy at all. The influence of regular citizens is so low, the authors argue, that it would be inaccurate to characterize the American political system as a democracy. 
As greater economic power necessarily translates to greater political power, a reasonable remedy to the situation would be to decrease inequality in the United States. If inequality was drastically rolled back to a level closer to that found after the end of WWII – through massive taxes on wealth, income and capital gains, along with the abolition of inheritance – perhaps the conditions would exist for fair elections based on competitive campaigns. 
But absent such a drastic realignment of the politico-economic system, are there better possibilities for American citizens to elect officials that represent their interests? The nation has seen that Barack Obama’s promises in 2008 to represent “hope and change,” to end the wars in Iraq and Afghanistan, close Guantanamo, operate transparently, limit domestic surveillance and reform taxes were, in reality, little more than hot air. 
What if instead of being allowed to create his own narrative, a summary of his undistinguished record as an lawyer from elite universities and corporate-friendly record state representative and politician was what voters had to guide their expectations of how he would govern? 
Perhaps the U.S. could look to Cuba, where the Revolutionary government – facing unrelenting subversion and destabilization for decades by its imperial neighbor to the north – has managed to eliminate money from politics entirely. At the municipal level, candidates spend no money and do not campaign at all. Instead, voters are presented with short biographies to reference in determining who they believe would better represent them. 
As the U.S. prepares for its latest electoral spectacle in a few weeks, I offer sample bios for the two presidential candidates, Hillary Clinton and Donald Trump, based on what they may look like if they were running for office in Cuba . ***",0
4116,War on Weed: Bayer-Monsanto Working on Genetically Modified Corporate Cannabis?,"Big Cannabis – on the lines of Big Pharma – is on the cards. At least that’s what Germany-based pharmaceutical giant Bayer’s $66 billion takeover of America-based agrichemical giant Monsanto (a leading producer of RoundUp Ready genetically modified crops) indicates. Financed from a consortium of corrupt, in-debt, and influential banks (including Goldman Sachs, HSBC, JP Morgan, and Bank of America), the multi-billion-dollar deal (negotiated by the Rothschild Banking Cartel) brings Bayer ( famous for selling heroin to children and financing Nazi concentration camps ) closer to the multi-billion-dollar cannabis market through its ”mission” to create a one-stop shop for seeds, crop chemicals and computer-aided services to cannabis growers .
#Cannabis is Non Toxic but #Monsanto will make it toxic by making a GMO version. #SaveCannabis #VoteNoOn64
— David (@rskls) September 6, 2016
Cannabis proponents believe the largest all-cash deal on record will destroy the infant marijuana industry by introducing genetically modified cannabis seeds, highly expensive cannabis-based drugs, monopolistic use of patents, and restrictive business practices. Leafly notes:
“The worry is that the combined firm will have the financial and political influence to do to cannabis what it has already done to corn, tobacco, and other cash crops — namely, use pricey patented cannabis seeds (Roundup Ready Blue Dream, anyone?) that favor large-scale operators and rigidly control how all cannabis farmers farm. The merger, in other words, could be the first step toward Big Cannabis .”
Monsanto’s decades old intimate ties with the Scotts Miracle-Gro Company — a leading producer of pesticides for commercial and consumer lawn and garden use (who was ordered to pay $12.5 million in criminal fines and civil penalties for violations of Federal Pesticide Laws in 2012) — is especially a matter of concern. Monsanto and Scotts Miracle-Gro have long been partners with the DEA to produce hormones and carcinogenic chemicals used in the wars against marijuana and coca plants.
Jim Hagedorn, who took over Scotts Miracle-Gro in 2001, shared his intention to “invest, like, half a billion in the pot business” with Forbes in July, calling cannabis the biggest thing he has ever seen in lawn and garden. Forbes reports:
Scotts Miracle-Gro shelled out $135 million last year on two California-based businesses [including the $130 million buyout of General Hydroponics] that sell fertilizers, soils and accessories to pot growers. It recently spent another $120 million on a still-undisclosed lighting and hydroponics equipment company in Amsterdam and promises to invest about another $150 million by the end of 2016.
Altogether, the deals are bigger than the largest single acquisition in the history of Scotts Miracle-Gro, which takes in $160 million of profit on $3 billion in sales annually.",0
4117,Facebook to Appeal Court Ruling Imposing Austria’s ’Hate Speech’ Ban Globally - Breitbart,"Facebook is appealing an order to impose Austria’s social media laws against hate speech on the platform worldwide. [“The court case involves comments posted to Facebook about the leader of Austria’s Green Party, which the party claims are illegal under the country’s hate speech laws,” reported Fortune. “An appeals court in Vienna agreed and ordered Facebook to take them down not just in Austria but everywhere else as well. ”  According to Reuters, the court also said that “merely blocking them in Austria without deleting them for users abroad was not sufficient. ” The order would mean that citizens of other countries where “hate speech” laws are   could have their free speech restricted under Austrian law to stop negative posts being made and shared. “Should Facebook comply globally with Russia’s   laws, or Thailand’s laws against insulting the king, or Saudi Arabia’s blasphemy laws?” asked Daphne Keller, a lawyer at the Center for Internet and Society at Stanford University. “Would Austria want those laws to dictate what speech its citizens can share online? This ruling sends a signal to courts around the world that they, too, can enforce their national laws to ban speech around the world. ” Keller also added that since the post was a political comment, the court order is particularly “troubling,” raising questions as to whether political censorship is being enforced. “There is no place for hate speech on Facebook and this post was removed from our platform last year as requested,” said a Facebook spokesman to Fortune. “However, we will appeal this particular case before the Austrian Supreme Court to have better legal clarity around this specific post and the categorization as ‘unlawful’ as the new decision substantially reversed the original court decision. ” Charlie Nash is a reporter for Breitbart Tech. You can follow him on Twitter @MrNashington or like his page at Facebook.",0
4118,"Donald Trump, Chasing Campaign Cash, Veers From Battleground States - The New York Times","Donald J. Trump’s campaign schedule is being driven by his   needs, prompting him to appear in heavily Republican states like Georgia and Texas and diverting his attention from battlegrounds where Hillary Clinton is spending her time. Mr. Trump’s aides, scrambling to raise money to compete against Mrs. Clinton’s cash juggernaut and extensive donor network, have scheduled   in places like Georgia, North Carolina and Texas this week. The private events for donors were often scheduled first, followed by his campaign rallies, according to two people involved in Mr. Trump’s   who insisted on anonymity. Even some of Mr. Trump’s appearances in battleground states have been tied to  : A New Hampshire rally on Monday night was planned in conjunction with a   in Boston, but both events were canceled after the deadly shooting in Orlando, Fla. on Sunday. Mr. Trump has informed people raising money for his campaign that he is not interested in traveling to states for donor events unless there is a rally scheduled as well, according to the people involved. Those rallies have often garnered Mr. Trump national cable news coverage, the type of news media attention that fueled his primary campaign. But the result for now has been that Mr. Trump is campaigning in states where he has far less risk of being defeated by Mrs. Clinton than states that are likely to be competitive, like Michigan, Ohio and Wisconsin, Rust Belt states with large numbers of the white   voters who have been most receptive to Mr. Trump’s message. “A travel schedule driven by   needs that takes you away from battleground states is one that’s full of missed opportunities,” said Kevin Madden, a Republican strategist and former Mitt Romney adviser. With Mr. Trump in the South, Mrs. Clinton has been spending her week in Ohio and Virginia, two of the most crucial states for winning the presidency. She was also in Pennsylvania, another state where Mr. Trump’s brand of populism could be effective, but where he has spent little time since becoming the presumptive Republican nominee. Mr. Madden noted that Mr. Trump was uniquely able to generate national television coverage and newspaper headlines wherever he happened to be. “But he needs to flip states like Colorado, Ohio, Virginia and Florida in order to win,” he added. “I’d rather be driving national coverage from those locales than not. ” Mrs. Clinton’s campaign is also beginning an advertising blitz in battleground states this week, on top of commercials that have already been run in those places by the “super PAC” supporting her, Priorities USA. Mr. Trump remains confident that he can flout conventional campaign practice by relying on a small staff and heavy news coverage. But even so, and despite his reliance on assistance from the Republican National Committee, his campaign faces heavy potential costs for television advertising, polling and building operations in key states. Raising money to pay for those items through the campaign is difficult: Donors may give no more than $5, 400 a person through the party convention in July. After that, they are limited to donating $2, 700. At this point in the presidential cycle in 2012, Mr. Romney was raising more than $1 million a day for himself and the party. There is no indication that Mr. Trump is approaching that pace. Moreover, while Mr. Trump lent his campaign more than $43 million in the primaries, he has shown little inclination to   his general election campaign in a   way. Yet many Republican   have openly questioned why they would donate to a candidate who has claimed a net worth of $10 billion. Hope Hicks, Mr. Trump’s spokeswoman, called his   operation “a tremendous success,” adding that “the money is pouring in for the party. ” She declined to answer specific questions. Mr. Trump’s campaign has carefully guarded information about his  : His aides telephoned attendees for the Boston event to call it off, rather than emailing them, the people involved said, and have closely held lists of coming   events another candidate might distribute those dates widely to help build interest. Unlike Mrs. Clinton, who has been able to tap a   network of allies and donors, Mr. Trump is trying to build one from scratch and on the fly. But he has struggled to sign on some of his party’s top donors. Local party figures in different cities have declined to add their names to his invitations, meaning many have been sent without lists of   a standard practice, according to veteran   in both parties. That has kept Mr. Trump in New York raising money, as he did last week, or heading to California for   events. While he has said he will put both states in play, neither has been in reach for a Republican presidential candidate in decades. Other concerns have been the potential for protests outside the   prompting organizers to choose     sites. An Arizona   for Mr. Trump on Saturday will be held at the former home of Senator Barry Goldwater, the conservative firebrand and Republican nominee in 1964 who is often blamed for exacerbating racial tensions. In Texas, where Mr. Trump will hold   over two days, campaign aides had sought to hold events in two cities, Irving and Grand Prairie. But they were rejected by local officials, who told The Dallas Morning News that they had been approached only a few days ahead of time and cited concerns about security. They eventually found a location in Dallas for a Thursday rally.  On Twitter, Beth Van Duyne, the mayor of Irving, tried to soften the blow. “I trust and support the opinion of Irving’s Police Chief,” she wrote on Tuesday. “That said, Trump is welcome to visit any time. ”",0
4119,"Error'd: ""X"" Marks the Spot","Besides contributing at @TheDailyWTF, I write DevDisasters for Visual Studio Magazine, and involved in various side projects including child rearing and marriage. 
Dan writes, ""This happened when selecting 'see more' under my (Your) recommendations. Maybe there's buried treasure somewhere?"" 

""I found this while browsing Ikea jobs,"" Ian J. wrote, ""A series of tasks...based on generic profile details. I might have a shot!"" 

""Flavor? I hope it comes in pumpkin spice!"" writes Stephanie F. 

""Part of me doesn't want to see the bill, but another part can't wait to see my bill,"" wrote Dallas H. 

Aeden M. writes, ""There has to be a threat somewhere on this machine, even the computer thinks it's a possibility."" 

""Looks like upwork.com may need to be more picky of the freelancers they use on their site,"" writes Jeremy . 

""No matter my score, I find that my overall Windows experience is impacted by this 'error',"" writes Steve . 
[Advertisement] Manage IT infrastructure as code across all environments with Puppet . Puppet Enterprise now offers more control and insight, with role-based access control, activity logging and all-new Puppet Apps. Start your free trial today!",0
4120,ASSANGE CLAIMS ‘CRAZED’ CLINTON CAMPAIGN TRIED TO HACK WIKILEAKS,"Home › POLITICS › ASSANGE CLAIMS ‘CRAZED’ CLINTON CAMPAIGN TRIED TO HACK WIKILEAKS ASSANGE CLAIMS ‘CRAZED’ CLINTON CAMPAIGN TRIED TO HACK WIKILEAKS 0 SHARES 
[10/27/16] Julian Assange has claimed the Hillary Clinton campaign has attacked the servers being used by WikiLeaks. Despite the Ecuadorian embassy shutting down his internet until the US election is over, the website will continue publishing, according to Assange. 
“Everyday that you publish is a day that you have the initiative in the conflict,” Assange said via telephone at a conference in Argentina on Wednesday. 
The whistleblowing website has been releasing emails from Clinton’s campaign chair, John Podesta, on a daily basis since early October. 
Assange claimed the release “whipped up a crazed hornet’s nest atmosphere in the Hillary Clinton campaign” leading them to attack WikiLeaks. 
“ They attacked our servers and attempted hacking attacks and there is an amazing ongoing campaign where state documents were put in the UN and British courts to accuse me of being both a Russian spy and a pedophile,” he added. 
Ecuador’s decision to shut down his internet was described by Assange as a “strategic position” so that its “policy of non-intervention can’t be misinterpreted by actors in the US and even domestically in Ecuador.” 
He said he was sympathetic with Ecuador, insisting they face the dilemma of having the US interfere with their elections next year if they appear to interfere with the US elections next month. Post navigation",0
4121,D.C. Area Planning ’Full Scale’ Terror Attack Drill Wednesday - Breitbart,"Local governments in the Washington D. C. area will reportedly hold a “ ” terror attack drill Wednesday. [The drill is designed to prepare the area for an attack involving multiple locations and “teams of perpetrators” and will occur across six undisclosed locations in D. C. northern Virginia, and Maryland, the Metropolitan Washington Council of Governments announced in a press release.  Hundreds of volunteer actors, emergency medical personnel, police, and fire officials will participate in the drill. “Law enforcement officials practice and exercise their skills on their own regularly because that’s the best way to ensure we are always ready to respond quickly and professionally,” Scott Boggs, the Council of Government’s Managing Director of Homeland Security and Public Safety, said in the release. “On April 26, we’ll go one step further and stage a very realistic emergency event involving multiple sites and actors posing as the casualties. However, there is no reason for residents to be alarmed because the exercise will occur in a controlled environment,” Boggs added. Officials say the drill will start at 7:30 a. m. Wednesday and go until afternoon. The drill has been planned for more than a year and was designed as a way to “address terror attacks such as what unfolded in 2015 in Paris” in restaurants, cafes, and concert halls, Newsweek reported.",0
4122,Why Was this Natural Medicinal Substance Just Banned by the DEA?,"posted by Eddie If you’ve been keeping up with alternative media outlets the past couple weeks, you probably know that the DEA just classified kratom, a tropical deciduous tree with leaves used for various medicinal purposes (1) , a Schedule 1 substance. This puts it in the same class as heroin (2) . Vendors are already struggling to import it, and some have gone into hiding (2) . Kratom has been called a lifesaver for sufferers of mental or physical conditions made worse by pharmaceutical drugs. Despite this (and despite the harms caused by opiates), the scandal-ridden DEA has set its sights on fighting yet another helpful natural substance proven to work better for the treatment of various conditions than its pharmaceutical counterparts. An uprising began the moment the DEA announced the decision. Activists and kratom users everywhere are refusing to take it lying down and are working to correct the false image this classification paints of a misunderstood medicine. Blurring the Line By classifying it Schedule 1, the DEA is essentially telling us kratom is as bad as heroin. A little research reveals that not only is it nowhere near as bad as heroin or other opiates, but it can be used to treat opiate addiction. Anything that alters the mind is a drug, and by making classifications like this, the DEA is seriously blurring the line between beneficial and harmful drugs while confusing the public and proliferating ignorance. Nature produces countless mind-altering chemicals we’re supposed to use to heal the body and elevate the mind and soul. In this day and age, people are becoming aware of the power of nature to heal many of the problems created by man. This unjustified action against one of many beneficial natural substances serves only to expose the fact that the DEA is out of touch with the rest of the world. No Longer a Legitimate Authority Cassius Kamarampi writes that we have no reason to consider the DEA’s authority legitimate in the wake of their recent scandals (2) . One scandal, which broke wide open in the media, involved agents holding sex parties with prostitutes in Columbia supplied by local cartels (2) . This ultimately forced the head of the DEA, Michelle M. Leonhart, to step down (2) . It’s as if the agency wants to bring attention away from their misdeeds and onto the latest supposedly dangerous drug. Perhaps they intend for the backlash to make people forget their scandals and continue to bicker about which drugs the government should or shouldn’t let the masses use. If this is the case, there’s one thing they didn’t consider: activists don’t forget. You can’t expect independent thinkers to excuse the scandals of an agency that targets them with unfair laws. Ultimately, this classification will drive researchers and activists to expose more corruption within an agency that can no longer be taken seriously but is nonetheless dangerous to those who oppose it. It’s Up to Us The masses aren’t always quick to question the ulterior motives of government agencies they’ve been conditioned to believe exist for the greater good. This is one reason the backlash from the activist community is so strong: we know by this point that it’s up to us to make a change. The struggle against an unjustified classification of a natural medicinal substance has to be particularly coherent, well organized and founded upon a strong sense of cohesion to make up for the apathy in society. We won’t have much help and we may find ourselves in opposition to people who know no better than to believe what the government or DEA tells them, but it helps to know there are millions around the world who, like us, are fighting for the positive change we know we can have. We just have to strive for it together. Kratom’s Medicinal Uses Let’s take a look at some of kratom’s reported medicinal uses. The information below doesn’t paint a complete picture of what it can do, but the uses we’ll learn about are enough to convince anyone it shouldn’t be illegal or considered as dangerous as heroin. According to Natural Blaze , kratom isn’t an opiate but functions similarly by attaching to activating opioid receptors in the brain – without the harsh side effects (2) . Among other benefits, chewing on kratom leaves can alleviate chronic pain and anxiety as well as help in the struggle against addiction (2) . This is due to the leaves’ natural euphoric effects, which, again, come without the negative side effects of opiates (2) . According to OrganicFacts.net , kratom’s benefits include lowering blood pressure; boosting metabolism; relieving pain; improving the immune system; increasing sexual energy; easing anxiety; preventing diabetes; eliminating stress; and inducing a healthier state of sleep (1) . Kratom (or Mitragyna speciose) is native to Southeast Asia where it’s used for its medicinal properties (1) . It’s no stranger to being banned: it was banned in Thailand despite that it’s indigenous there and used regardless (1) . It’s described as a natural opium substitute with unique chemical compounds and nutrients found in its leaves (1) . It contains a wide range of alkaloids and other organic substances, and despite being banned it’s still widely used in Thailand; studies estimate that up to 70% of males in the country chew anywhere from 10-60 leaves daily (1) . As a less harmful substitute for opium, it exhibits no addictive qualities (1) . This in itself makes kratom a great treatment for addiction and other physical or mental health problems (1) , which is more than we can say about most of big pharma’s drugs. Organic Facts provides an in-depth description of each of kratom’s medicinal properties, paraphrased below. Pain Relief Kratom is best known for relieving pain in a way similar to opiates (1) . This is due to the analgesic properties of the alkaloids and nutrients in its leaves, which impact the hormonal system and relieve pain quickly (1) . The alkaloids and nutrients increase the amount of serotonin and dopamine released into the body; this can either mask or alleviate pain (1) . The alkaloids essentially dull the body’s pain receptors (1) , and this opium-like quality is considered kratom’s “most important application” (1) . Improving Immune System Health The alkaloids also have a “major” combinative effect on the strength and resilience of the immune system (1) , and research that’s still being checked suggests chewing on the leaves can prevent illness or reduce its severity (1) . If the DEA’s ban were lifted, research could continue unhindered and the truth could eventually reach a mainstream audience. Improving Sexual Drive Many see kratom as an aphrodisiac and fertility booster (1) . The extra energy and blood flow received from the leaves can help increase fertility, re-energize a tired libido, and improve duration as well as conception rates (1) . Treating Anxiety & Mood Swings The leaves are often chewed by sufferers of chronic stress, depression, anxiety and mood swings for their anxiolytic (anti-anxiety) properties (1) . Chewing them can also regulate hormones in the body, providing relief from symptoms of chemical imbalance without the need for dangerous pharmaceutical drugs (1) . Helping Recover from Addiction Kratom has been used to cure addiction to opiates and other harmful substances for thousands of years (1) . Opium addiction has been a major problem in countless cultures throughout history. Since chewing kratom leaves provides a similar sensation to opium without the comedown or other negative side effects, addicts trying to get clean consider it a “tolerable solution” that helps them cover and cope with symptoms of withdrawal (1) . Keeping the Heart Healthy Studies connect chewing kratom leaves with a drop in blood pressure; the leaves’ chemical components reduce inflammation throughout the body when they impact its hormones (1) . The affected areas include the arteries and blood vessels (1) . It can even prevent serious heart conditions such as stroke, heart attack or atherosclerosis by relieving tension in the cardiovascular system (1) . Treating or Preventing Diabetes Kratom’s effect on blood sugar levels isn’t as well-known as its treatment for pain or addiction (1) . Limited research suggests the leaves’ alkaloids regulate the amount of insulin and glucose in the blood, preventing the dangerous peaks and troughs often suffered by diabetics (1) . Because of this, kratom could potentially prevent diabetes or help those who already suffer with it to manage it (1) . Side Effects Any mind-altering substance comes with its share of side effects, but like cannabis, kratom’s lack of serious or dangerous side effects is one of its most remarkable qualities. The effects listed below are only common for first or second time users, and they diminish as the body acclimates to regular use (1) . They include fatigue, nausea and constipation, as well as a “kratom hangover” that can come with headaches or nausea the morning after the first or second use (1) . This pales in comparison to what opium addicts experience, and most would probably be glad to have a natural medicinal substance to help them through their recovery. Nature Can’t Be Outlawed The following is my opinion and may or may not reflect the ideals of those who are more involved in the fight against kratom’s criminalization. Kratom’s recent classification can be likened in many ways to the Marihuana Tax Act of the 1930s. The medicinal benefits of cannabis were well-known during that time, as it was used for medicine throughout the United States. The benefits of hemp were also well-known. As it became apparent to billionaires with control over the media that they couldn’t make as much money from hemp as they could lumber, cotton and other less easily replaceable resources, they deemed cannabis the evil Mexican marihuana and outlawed it with the help of heavily publicized propaganda campaigns. Kratom might not come with the array of industrial benefits provided by hemp (feel free to correct me if it does), but I’d imagine the government and DEA have a similar intention in outlawing it. The Struggle for Freedom As many have pointed out, this latest development is just another instance in the overall struggle between government agencies and the people they try to control through oppressive and intimidating laws. It represents the struggle for freedom; in this case, the freedom to use nature the way it’s intended without fear of persecution. This includes the use of substances with medicinal uses big pharma can’t market. The government’s efforts to stifle the use of these substances for the benefit of pharmaceutical companies (or other industries aligned against them) is futile. As Damian Marley put it, “people will always be who they want, and that’s what really makes the world go ‘round”. Rather than fight it, the DEA should accept that the masses are slowly embracing natural approaches to treating, curing and preventing disease. They should also accept that the effort to suppress the use of any natural substance with proven benefits for the mind or body is futile in the big picture. Conclusion The struggle between the DEA and sensible free thinkers is birthed from our resistance to their attempt to control or prevent the natural relationship between man and the psychoactive chemicals found in nature. Humans have interacted with natural mind-altering substances for centuries, and despite how hard any government agency tries to prevent this interaction, it will continue indefinitely because it exists for a reason. The truth about kratom is already spreading as a result of the backlash from the DEA’s decision. If we can make people aware of its medicinal properties and inspire them to take action, we can reverse a decision made out of negligence for the lives that will be affected by it. Criminalizing the innocent only creates crime where there was none, and at this pivotal point in mankind’s evolution, we should be past this kind of backward thinking. Sources: “Health Benefits of Kratom Leaves”, Organic Facts – https://www.organicfacts.net/health-benefits/other/kratom-leaves.html Cassius Kamarampi, “Kratom Now Schedule 1: Cartel Sex Scandal Shamed DEA Suppresses Herb Imports”, Era of Wisdom , August 31, 2016 – http://www.eraofwisdom.org/kratom-now-schedule-1-herb-imports-suppressed-cartel-sex-scandal-shamed-dea/ From Around the Web Founder of WorldTruth.Tv and WomansVibe.com Eddie ( 8932 Posts ) 
Eddie L. is the founder and owner of WorldTruth.TV. and Womansvibe.com. Both website are dedicated to educating and informing people with articles on powerful and concealed information from around the world. I have spent the last 36+ years researching Bible, History, Alternative Health, Secret Societies, Symbolism and many other topics that are not reported by mainstream media.",0
4123,Assassination Attempt? Donald Trump Rushed Off Stage In Reno By Secret Service After Protester Flashes Gun,"This report is still developing…
Donald Trump has been rushed off the stage in Reno by Secret Service agents. It is unclear exactly what happened but unconfirmed reports indicate that an anti-Trump protester in the crowd flashed a gun.
Crowd response and Secret service activity immediately following Trump’s evacuation from the stage shows at least one individual being restrained just feet from where Trump was speaking.
Has the Secret Service thwarted an assassination ?
Video:
JUST NOW: Donald Trump was just rushed off stage during his Nevada campaign rally: https://t.co/7fTJ3N3MQN pic.twitter.com/Hm7CRdFDTU 
— CBS News (@CBSNews) November 6, 2016 

BREAKING NEWS: Donald Trump rushed off stage by Secret Service in Reno after ‘incident’. pic.twitter.com/pxNgtWxO0x 
— Piers Morgan (@piersmorgan) November 6, 2016 

BREAKING: Secret Service rush Donald Trump off the stage in Reno, Nevada pic.twitter.com/ombbUkldme 
— Washington Examiner (@dcexaminer) November 6, 2016 
",0
4124,Sputnik and Jill Stein Want A Vote Recount,"Sputnik and Jill Stein Want A Vote Recount
Apparently the Russian news site and the Green Party candidate want a vote recount that could remove “peace with Russia” Trump and install “nuclear war with Russia” Hillary. 
https://sputniknews.com/us/201611241047810414-stein-sputnik-interview-election-recount/ 
The post Sputnik and Jill Stein Want A Vote Recount appeared first on PaulCraigRoberts.org .",0
4125,Hackers Dump More Intel From NSA’s Elite Equation Group,"Videos Hackers Dump More Intel From NSA’s Elite Equation Group The new leak purportedly reveals IP addresses of NSA controlled servers in 49 countries that are used to launch offensives against NSA targets. | November 1, 2016 Be Sociable, Share! This June 6, 2013 file photo shows the sign outside the National Security Agency (NSA) campus in Fort Meade, Md. 
In August, anonymous hacker(s) dumped a cache of cyberweapons that appeared to originate with The Equation Group , an elite, NSA-affiliated hacking squad. 
The leakers called themselves The Shadow Brokers, and they sought bTc1,000,000 for access to the remainder of The Equation Group’s files. Earlier this month, arrested NSA contractor Harold Thomas Martin was accused of being the source of the leak to The Shadow Brokers, though not necessarily deliberately (he may have been hacked by The Shadow Brokers). 
The Shadow Brokers have had no takers for their auction, and so they’re now dumping more files, presumably to stir up interest. 
The new leak purportedly reveals IP addresses of NSA controlled servers in 49 countries that are used to launch offensives against NSA targets. If the leaks are to be believed, they show that the NSA uses hacked servers in China and Russia to attack other countries. The dump contains some 300 folders of files, all corresponding to different domains and IP addresses. Domains from Russia, China, India, Sweden, and many other countries are included. According to an analysis by the security researcher known as Hacker Fantastic, the dump contains 306 domains and 352 IP addresses relating to 49 countries in total. If accurate, victims of the Equation Group may be able to use these files to determine if they were potentially targeted by the NSA-linked unit. The IP addresses may relate to servers the NSA has compromised and then used to deliver exploits, according to security researcher Mustafa Al-Bassam. “So even the NSA hacks machines from compromised servers in China and Russia. This is why attribution is hard,” Al-Bassam tweeted on Monday. This work by Boing Boing is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-ShareAlike International License.",0
4126,"Left-Wing Columnists Throw Tantrum, Attack Bill Maher Over MILO Appearance - Breitbart","  columnists from a variety of media outlets have thrown their toys out of the pram in response to MILO’s appearance on “Real Time With Bill Maher” yesterday evening. [Daniel Holloway of The Chicago Tribune, attacked Maher for giving MILO the opportunity to “renew attacks on familiar targets,” despite the fact that Maher repeatedly challenged MILO on the show.  Yiannopoulos continued by repeating his assertion that Jones, who has been a writer and cast member on “Saturday Night Live” for four seasons, is “barely literate. ” His claim went unchallenged by Maher. Neal Broverman of The Advocate argued that Maher “crossed the line” by having MILO on the show, before criticizing the liberal commentators use of the word “fag. ” If it wasn’t bad enough that Bill Maher gave gay troll Milo Yiannopoulos a huge forum by featuring him on his HBO show, the straight TV host thought it appropriate to call him a “fag” during the interview.   …     On top of Maher’s disgusting choice of words, he introduced Yiannopoulos like he was a Hollywood celebrity joking and almost flirting with him like he was having George Clooney, Jennifer Lawrence, or some innocuous actor on his show. Hannah Gold of Jezebel was similarly outraged, claiming Maher is now a “monster” for his decision to invite MILO on as a guest for Friday night’s show. The thing about Maher is that —  though he’s made too many nasty jokes about minorities and women for me to ever enjoy him —  he is usually pretty good at making fun of everyone. He didn’t do that in his interview with Yiannopoulos. I’m sure Maher of all people can appreciate the truth about how much that fucking sucked. Mary Papenfuss of The Huffington Post, falsely labeling MILO a “white nationalist,” criticized Maher for allegedly letting MILO off easy for what she regards as his controversial stances on several issues. The   appearance between Bill Maher and Milo Yiannopoulos on HBO’s “Real Time” came off more like a mutual admiration society. At one point, the host even playfully referred to the white nationalist as an “impish, British fag. ” Black Lives Matter activist DeRay Mckesson slammed Maher, accusing him of helping to amplify MILO’s “bigotry,” while also falsely associating the Dangerous Faggot with “white supremacy. ” Bill Maher was complicit in amplifying bigotry in that Breitbart interview. He not only allowed it but left it unchecked.  —   deray mckesson (@deray) February 18, 2017,  But the prize for hyperbolic outrage surely goes to Daily Kos blogger “Chitown Kev. ” “The gall of Bill Maher to compare Milo to the late, great Christopher Hitchens was stunningly unmitigated,” wrote Kev. “I mean, really? REALLY?”",0
4127,Meeting Between Bill Clinton and Loretta Lynch Provokes Political Furor - The New York Times,"WASHINGTON  —   An airport encounter this week between Attorney General Loretta E. Lynch and former President Bill Clinton has welled into a political storm, with Republicans asserting that it compromised the Justice Department’s politically sensitive investigation into Hillary Clinton’s email practices while she was secretary of state. The Obama administration declined to say on Thursday whether the meeting between Ms. Lynch and Mr. Clinton, in Phoenix on Monday night, was appropriate. The press secretary, Josh Earnest, said that the investigation of Mrs. Clinton would be free of political influence and that he would leave it to the attorney general to explain the meeting. Ms. Lynch said the meeting with Mr. Clinton was unplanned, largely social and did not touch on the email investigation. She suggested that he walked uninvited from his plane to her government plane, which were both parked on a tarmac at Phoenix Sky Harbor International Airport. “He did come over and say hello, and speak to my husband and myself, and talk about his grandchildren and his travels and things like that,” Ms. Lynch said at a news conference in Los Angeles on Wednesday, where she was promoting community policing. “That was the extent of that. And no discussions were held into any cases or things like that. ” That did not mollify Republican lawmakers, who said the meeting raised questions about the integrity of the government’s investigation. Since last summer, the F. B. I. has been investigating whether Mrs. Clinton or her aides violated laws on the protection of classified material by using a private email address and  server in the Clintons’ home in Chappaqua, N. Y. The F. B. I. is expected to make a recommendation to the Justice Department in the coming weeks. While some legal experts said they believed criminal indictments in the case were unlikely, the investigation continues to cast a shadow over Mrs. Clinton’s presidential campaign. “In light of the apparent conflicts of interest, I have called repeatedly on Attorney General Lynch to appoint a special counsel to ensure the investigation is as far from politics as possible,” Senator John Cornyn, Republican of Texas and a member of the Judiciary Committee, said in a statement on Thursday. “This incident does nothing to instill confidence in the American people that her department can fully and fairly conduct this investigation, and that’s why a special counsel is needed now more than ever,” he said. Donald J. Trump, the presumptive Republican nominee, seized on the incident, describing it in a radio interview as a “sneak” meeting and saying it exposed the rigged nature of the process. Even some Democrats expressed uneasiness with the appearance the meeting created. “I do agree with you that it doesn’t send the right signal,” Senator Chris Coons, Democrat of Delaware, said in response to a question on CNN’s “New Day” program. Ms. Lynch “has generally shown excellent judgment and strong leadership of the department, and I’m convinced that she’s an independent attorney general. But I do think that this meeting sends the wrong signal, and I don’t think it sends the right signal. I think she should have steered clear, even of a brief, casual, social meeting with the former president. ” At the White House, Mr. Earnest was asked repeatedly about the propriety of the meeting. He defended what he said was Ms. Lynch’s long record of independence as a federal prosecutor. But he stopped short of saying the administration viewed the meeting as appropriate. “I wasn’t there for the meeting,” Mr. Earnest said, “but the attorney general was, and she was asked a direct question about it, and she answered it. I think that is consistent with everybody’s expectations. ”",0
4129,Clinton Investigation Re-Opened Due to Emails Uncovered in Weiner Sexting Case,"
During an investigation into former New York congressman Anthony Weiner’s lewd texting with an underage girl, new communications were uncovered on the congressman’s computer which have given FBI Director James Comey cause to re-open the investigation into Hillary Clinton’s handling of classified information.
On Friday, Comey notified the leaders of the congressional oversight committees that the investigation has been re-opened. In his letter, he wrote:
In connection with an unrelated case, the FBI has learned of the existence of emails that appear to be pertinent to the investigation. I am writing to inform you that the investigative team briefed me on this yesterday, and I agreed that the FBI should take appropriate investigative steps designed to allow investigators to review these emails to determine whether they contain classified information, as well as to assess their importance to our investigation.
According to FBI officials, the emails were discovered after the bureau seized a device which was used by both the former congressman and his estranged wife, Huma Abedin, a top aide to the Clinton Campaign, which contained related information to their investigation into Weiner’s “sexting” escapade with a 15-year-old girl in North Carolina.
Hillary Clinton seems to be confident that the FBI will not bring charges against her.
“[FBI Director James Comey] himself has said he doesn’t know whether the emails… are significant or not,” Clinton said to reporters on Friday. “I’m confident whatever they are will not change the conclusion reached in July. Therefore it’s imperative that the bureau explain this issue in question, whatever it is, without any delay.”
Donald Trump, speaking to a crowd in New Hampshire on Friday afternoon, tipped his hat to the FBI for having the “courage” to correct “the horrible mistake that they made.”
“Hillary Clinton’s corruption is on a scale we have never seen before,” Trump said. “We must not let her take her criminal scheme into the Oval Office.” Delivered by The Daily Sheeple 
We encourage you to share and republish our reports, analyses, breaking news and videos ( Click for details ). 
Contributed by The Daily Sheeple of www.TheDailySheeple.com . 
This content may be freely reproduced in full or in part in digital form with full attribution to the author and a link to www.TheDailySheeple.com. ",0
4130,RT crew comes under fire as Aleppo militants launch massive new assault (VIDEO),"RT crew comes under fire as Aleppo militants launch massive new assault (VIDEO) 11/03/2016 
RUSSIA TODAY RT’s Murad Gazdiev and his crew came under fire in Aleppo as militant groups holding the eastern part of the city launched a new assault on government-held western areas, trying to break the blockade, after rejecting an offer to leave the city with their arms. 
The neighborhood “ has been relatively quiet for the past two days and we wanted to see what was happening there ,” RT’s Gazdiev reported from Aleppo. “ There are still dozens of civilians there, not everyone managed to leave. ” 
The rebels apparently launched a major new offensive against the government-held part of the city, radio communications intercepted by the Syrian military indicate. 
“ There were apparently two or three suicide car bombs blown up very close to us. We hid. We saw many shells landing meters away from us, ” Gazdiev said. 
The Syrian Army helped the RT crew along with civilians being evacuated from the area. 
Earlier on Wednesday, the Russian military said that last week’s attempts by the militants to break through the blockade around the city had failed, and suggested that they leave Aleppo through one of two corridors opened for that purpose. 
Russia and Syria halted airstrikes on eastern Aleppo two weeks ago amid a flurry of criticism from the West over civilian casualties in the city. Moscow said civilians were being held by the militants as human shields, but agreed to keep warplanes away from the city. 
The offer to leave Aleppo by Friday night was rejected by some groups controlling the eastern part of the city. 
Russia’s earlier attempts to allow militants to leave and civilians to be evacuated from eastern Aleppo were thwarted by the more belligerent groups, which opened fire at anyone trying to use the corridors – both those meant for armed people and unarmed civilians.",0
4131,"Your Friday Evening Briefing: Prince, Donald Trump, Game of Thrones - The New York Times","(Want to get this briefing by email? Here’s the  .) Good evening. Here’s the latest. 1. In the days before he died on Thursday, Prince was spotted riding his bike, hosting a party and visiting a record store. But there were hints of health troubles in recent weeks. Mourning continued Friday for a   musician, sex symbol and style icon who took high heels to new heights. A cause of death has not yet been identified. _____ 2. Virginia’s Democratic governor is restoring the voting rights of 200, 000 convicted felons, reversing a Civil   law he said was intended to disenfranchise  . Terry McAuliffe circumvented the swing state’s   Legislature, a move likely to provoke a G. O. P. backlash. Though most of the felons are   a core Democratic constituency, their electoral effect is likely to be modest. _____ 3. Donald J. Trump has been more accepting of sexual minorities than his rivals for the G. O. P. nomination. “If two people dig each other, they dig each other,” he wrote in 2005 to congratulate Elton John on his marriage. Meanwhile, his new campaign chief told Republican leaders that Mr. Trump knew he needed to reshape his image, and suggested that the candidate’s bombastic style has largely been an act. _____ 4. While the Museum of Modern Art is expanding, with the help of a $100 million donation from the California billionaire David Geffen, the Metropolitan Museum of Art is in peril. The institutions’ diverging circumstances speak to the booming audience for Modern and contemporary art, and the Met’s struggle to keep up with it. The Met is facing deficits and possible staff cuts, and development of a new wing is stalled. _____ 5. President Obama and the first lady, Michelle Obama, dined with Queen Elizabeth II and her husband, Prince Philip, in London. The lunch kicked off a   British visit for President Obama, during which he is encouraging British people to vote against leaving the European Union. London’s mayor, Boris Johnson, published a provocative essay alluding to views that Mr. Obama is motivated by a radical   agenda. _____ 6. An international group of experts investigating the disappearance of 43 students in 2014 described running into harassment, stonewalling and intimidation. Far from uncovering the answers the Mexican authorities promised, the investigators said a lack of government cooperation had left them unable to solve the case. _____ 7. Welcome back to Westeros. HBO’s “Game of Thrones” returns for its sixth season on Sunday, leaving its legions of fans straining to remember where the show left off in June. Catch up on where 11 main characters were last seen. We’re sorry to say we know nothing about the status of Jon Snow. _____ 8. The suicide rate in the U. S. is at its highest level in nearly 30 years, with women and   Americans hit especially hard, federal data analysis found. The overall rate rose by 24 percent from 1999 to 2014, increasing to 13 deaths per 100, 000 people. “It’s really stunning to see such a large increase in suicide rates affecting virtually every age group,” a health care adviser said. _____ 9. Republicans have gotten what they seemed to want: a depleted, defanged Internal Revenue Service. The target of   sentiments that in recent years have grown in intensity, the I. R. S. is fighting back, arguing that budget cuts have forced the agency to collect less money and pursue fewer fraudsters. “You really shouldn’t be able to reduce the amount you spend on I. R. S. decrease their performance ability and then complain about their performance,” an analyst said. _____ 10. Finally, some bad news if you’re a single woman in China. That handsome, exotic foreigner who wants to take you out on a date might actually be a spy, Chinese officials are warning. Though a   cartoon was posted in subway stations, streets and living areas, residents seemed unconvinced they were being used for state secrets. Hope that you have an excellent weekend, and that your love life remains  . Your Evening Briefing is posted at 6 p. m. Eastern. And don’t miss Your Morning Briefing, posted weekdays at 6 a. m. Eastern, and Your Weekend Briefing, posted at 6 a. m. Sundays. Want to look back? Here’s last night’s briefing. What did you like? What do you want to see here? Let us know at briefing@nytimes. com.",0
4132,"Where Have You Gone, Angelina Jolie? Celebrities Vanish From Fashion’s Front Row - The New York Times","Was it just a year ago that Katie Holmes, Jennifer Hudson and Lucy Liu snatched up most of the light and much of the air at Zac Posen’s fall show? A scant six months later, Mr. Posen was host to a somewhat less lustrous contingent, one that included Malin Akerman, Kelly Bensimon and Olivia Culpo. (Who?) Last February, Claire Danes, Laura Linney and Amy Schumer lent their aggregate star power to Narciso Rodriguez’s show. By September, the designer’s paparazzi bait was confined to a lineup highlighted by Jessica Alba and Jessica Seinfeld. So it went. And now, on the eve of another round of New York shows, it seems safe to predict a similar thinning of celebrity ranks, as top film and music personalities disappear from their gilded   perches, their dwindling presence matched only, some say, by their diminishing impact. “You can still expect to see certain celebrities in the front row,” said Tommy Hilfiger, who began trumpeting his alignment with entertainment world players as far back as the 1980s. But these days, Mr. Hilfiger suggested, designers and major Seventh Avenue brands need to rethink their marketing strategies. In itself, he said, “a star’s presence does nothing to move the needle. ” That realization, somewhat slow to dawn in fashion circles, accounts in part for a perceptible drop in celebrity attendance. “In the late 1990s and early 2000s, the shows were really ” said Billy Farrell, who heads BFA, an events photography agency. “As a house photographer, I used to get a long list of faces. Now at any given show, one or a maximum of five celebrities are guaranteed to go backstage or sit in the front row wearing the designer clothes. ” That paucity of   personalities is ascribed to a string of factors: celebrity overexposure, a generalized fashion fatigue and, chief among them, shrinking fashion budgets. “People don’t have as much money as they used to, and they’re scared,” said Kelly Cutrone, a fashion publicist. Aware that the payoff may be negligible, many designers are reluctant to part with the thousands, or tens of thousands, of dollars in an effort to ensure the presence of, say, a Jessica Chastain, a Julianne Moore or, for that matter, a Lady Gaga, pop culture luminaries who, once they arrive, may or may not deign to speak to the press. For designers, the topic is a touchy one. Among those who declined to comment were Georgina Chapman and Keren Craig of Marchesa, Carolina Herrera, Marc Jacobs, Mr. Rodriguez, Jeremy Scott, Diane von Furstenberg, Alexander Wang and Vera Wang. But publicists and others strategizing behind the scenes were more voluble, citing, among other causes, a certain jadedness among consumers. “People can tell it’s a paid front row,” Ms. Cutrone said. “Does anyone really believe that Drew Barrymore and Diane Kruger are going to Seven jeans because they like Seven jeans?” More troubling, still, is the widening view that fashion itself is losing much of its vaunted cachet. “The shows are not cool anymore,” said Teri Agins, the author of the 2014 book “Hijacking the Runway: How Celebrities Are Stealing the Spotlight From Fashion Designers,” which chronicles the evolution of the celebrity front row. European houses may still attract stars of a certain caliber, Ms. Agins noted, some drawn by Europe’s cachet, others compelled by   cosmetic and marketing contracts. But in New York, she said, “the novelty is gone. ” Oversaturation has played a role. In recent years, invitations were issued, vetted and approved by teams of publicists, Hollywood agents,   stylists and, as often as not, the stars themselves, many of whom are snapped each season hopscotching from show to show, their influence diluted by their ubiquity. “We sort of cooked our golden goose,” said James LaForce, a veteran fashion publicist. “At the end of the day, all their pictures seemed to run together. ” “We’re at the end of that cycle now,” he added. “It feels   something from another era. ” By most accounts, that era dawned in the early to   when the shows, once scattered in showrooms, galleries and ballrooms all over town, were brought together under the tents at Bryant Park. At the time designer front rows were judiciously seeded with “friends of the house,” among them society figures, and the occasional television personality, Broadway ingénue or authentic megastar. “They were people we dressed, people I often had dinner with, people whose children we knew and sometimes dressed,” the designer Dennis Basso said. At Mr. Basso’s fashion extravaganzas over the years, Diane Sawyer might have been seen rubbing shoulders with Ivana Trump, Martha Stewart spied sitting flank to flank alongside Mary J. Blige. “The celebrity front row was a form of preshow entertainment,” Mr. Basso recalled. It generated the kind of frisson that a parade of clothes might not in itself provide. In that seemingly innocent era, shows were   trade events, largely the province of store buyers, journalists and a smattering of   ladies who lunched. That picture altered in the   when Uma Thurman wore a   Prada dress to the Oscars. “It was a sort of milestone,” said Simon Doonan, the creative ambassador for Barneys New York, “a sign that it was groovy for a designer to dress a celebrity. ” So groovy, in fact, that before long the celebrity front row went from a mildly provocative attraction to fashion’s main event, transforming, as Ms. Agins writes, “what was once a clubby ritual for fashion insiders into a multiplatform extravaganza showcased in print, on TV and everywhere on the internet. ” In those heady days, she observed, the front row itself became part of the content of fashion show. Today, some argue, that content is debased. “What constitutes a celebrity now has changed,” said Fern Mallis, a fashion consultant and the former executive director of the Council of Fashion Designers of America. “It’s no longer necessarily that   Hollywood diva. ” The diva, it seems, has ceded her power to models and social media megastars like Gigi Hadid, Kylie Jenner and Irina Shayk, pop idols who bring to the table a large internet following but lack the gravitas of Ms. Chastain and her rarefied peers. “The rise of celebrity bloggers, reality stars and others who are famous simply for being famous turns a lot of people off,” said Leslie Sloane, a prominent Hollywood publicist. “Those girls may be lovely, but they’re not fashion. ” Just as   is the tendency of those who do turn up to stay mum. Lady Gaga appeared last season at the show of Brandon Maxwell, her    posing gamely for photographers but turning away reporters. Also taking no interviews were Ms. Holmes at Zac Posen, and Zoê Kravitz and Ms. Jenner at Alexander Wang, whose show in September was one of the few that attracted marquee names like Madonna and her daughter Lourdes. That kind of drawing power does not come cheap. Hard figures are elusive, but insiders estimate that fees for attendance can range from $25, 000 to more than $100, 000. In the   practice known industrywide as    an   attraction like Angelina Jolie could command close to $1 million, Mr. Hilfiger said. Such sums, which vary according to a celebrity’s clout, are expected to cover the cost of   airfare and hotel accommodations, as well as wardrobe, hair, makeup and other amenities. They are   numbers, for sure. But just two or three years ago, they were routinely factored into many designers’ marketing budgets. In distributing funds, Mr. LaForce said, “we would game the situation. ” It was a little like a commodities market, sums parceled out “based on who was available and who would take what,” he said, adding, “Still, in the end we would say it was absolutely worth it. ” For some designers, it still is. “To have celebrities appear in our clothes adds a sense of heightened reality,” said Michael Kors, whose celebrity turnout last season included Emily Blunt Cynthia Erivo, the   winning Broadway star and Sienna Miller. “You see the clothes on the runway, then you see our clothes from the last show on the celebrities in the front row, and you get it. The message has come full circle. ” No one would argue that the fame game is entirely played out. But for some designers, attention has shifted from actors and musicians to other kinds of pop stars. “A handful of supermodels out there have enormous social media followings, Gigi Hadid being the leader,” Mr. Hilfiger said. “She’s the girl next door with an exotic twist. ” (Ms. Hadid’s mother is Dutch her father is Palestinian.) Mr. Hilfiger was prompt to exploit Ms. Hadid’s growing global appeal, enlisting her to walk his runway, appear in his advertising campaigns and design a capsule collection of her own. The success of those moves was measurable, he said, in 2. 2 million social media impressions, a 900 percent increase in total   over the previous year, and tens of millions in sales of the Hadid line. Plenty of people were impressed, among them designers of an altogether different ilk. “We understand the power involved in that alignment we won’t pretend that we don’t,” said Ryan Lobo, who, with Ramon Martin, designs Tome, a collection aimed largely at a haute bohemian clientele. Mr. Lobo and Mr. Martin, however, prefer a nuanced approach that takes celebrity marketing back to its roots. At their shows they tend to seat loyalists, prominent clients like the artists Shirin Neshat and Kara Walker, alongside such    personalities as Sandra Bernhard. “We aim to make the mix intriguing,” Mr. Lobo said, “like a dinner party with people who don’t normally have access to each other. ” Picking up the analogy, Mr. Martin added: “These people are our personal icons, and there will be others. You know we’re always going to add a chair to the end of the table. ”",0
4133,An Identity-Politicized Election and World Series Lakefront Liberals Can Love,"An Identity-Politicized Election and World Series Lakefront Liberals Can Love An Identity-Politicized Election and World Series Lakefront Liberals Can Love By 0 9 
It’s the perfect time to be an affluent white and politically correct North Side Lakefront – or other kind of – Liberal and sports fan in the Chicago area. Think about it. Your beloved Chicago Cubs are finally going to their first World Series since 1945 and they will be doing a battle against a team with the worst racist Native American logo in major U.S. professional sports: the Cleveland Indians – yes, the “Indians.” The Indians’ Chief Wahoo – a wild grinning caricature – is the single most offensive, politically incorrect image in sports today. 
It’s enough to make folks forget that the Cubs are owned by a politically active right-wing Republican family, the Ricketts, one of whom recently contributed $1 million to the racist and sexist bigot Donald Trump. And that the Cubs’ storied ballpark Wrigley Field will be jammed with rich white people who can swallow up secondary market World Series tickets selling for as high as $18,000 . And that the Cubs owe no small part their ability to overcome their “ Billy Goat curse ” (proclaiming that they’d never go again to the final championship series) largely to massive infusions of big Ricketts money required to purchase free-agent veterans to go along with their younger stars. 
Meanwhile, the liberals’ party has a presidential candidate Hillary Clinton who is about to become the national government’s first female chief executive after trouncing the aforementioned bigot Trump in the November 8 th …",0
4134,Why ‘Useless’ Surgery Is Still Popular - The New York Times,"Before a drug can be marketed, it has to go through rigorous testing to show it is safe and effective. Surgery, though, is different. The Food and Drug Administration does not regulate surgical procedures. So what happens when an operation is subjected to and fails the ultimate test  —   a clinical trial in which patients are randomly assigned to have it or not? The expectation is that medical practice will change if an operation turns out not to help. If only. It looks as if the onus is on patients to ask what evidence, if any, shows that surgery is better than other options. Take what happened with spinal fusion, an operation that welds together adjacent vertebrae to relieve back pain from   discs. Unlike most operations, it actually was tested in four clinical trials. The conclusion: Surgery was no better than alternative nonsurgical treatments, like supervised exercise and therapy to help patients deal with their fear of back pain. In both groups, the pain usually diminished or went away. The studies were completed by the early 2000s and should have been enough to greatly limit or stop the surgery, says Dr. Richard Deyo, professor of   medicine at the Oregon Health and Sciences University. But that did not happen, according to a recent report. Instead, spinal fusion rates increased  —   the clinical trials had little effect. Spinal fusion rates continued to soar in the United States until 2012, shortly after Blue Cross of North Carolina said it would no longer pay and some other insurers followed suit. “It may be that financial disincentives accomplished something that scientific evidence alone didn’t,” Dr. Deyo said. Other operations continue to be reimbursed, despite clinical trials that cast doubt on their effectiveness. In 2009, the prestigious New England Journal of Medicine published results of separate clinical trials on a popular back operation, vertebroplasty, comparing it to a sham procedure. They found that there was no benefit  —   pain relief was the same in both groups. Yet it and a similar operation, Kyphoplasty, in which doctors inject a sort of cement into the spine to shore it up, continue to be performed. Dr. David Kallmes of the Mayo Clinic, an author of the vertebroplasty paper, said he thought doctors continued to do the operations because insurers pay and because doctors remember their own patients who seemed better afterward. “When you read a study, you reflect on whether it is representative of your patient population,” Dr. Kallmes said. “It is easy to conclude that the answer is ‘no.’ The mean age in the study is different or ‘I do it differently. ’” “I think there is a placebo effect not only on patients but on doctors,” Dr. Kallmes adds. “The successful patient is burned into their memories and the    patient is not. Doctors can have a selective memory that leads them to conclude that, ‘Darn it, it works pretty well. ’” The latest controversy  —   and the operation that arguably has been studied the most in randomized clinical trials  —   is surgery for a torn meniscus, a sliver of cartilage that acts as a shock absorber in the knee. It’s a condition that often afflicts   and older people, simply as a consequence of degeneration that can occur with age and often accompanying osteoarthritis. The result can be a painful, swollen knee. Sometimes the knee can feel as if it catches or locks. So why not do an operation to trim or repair the torn tissue? About 400, 000   and older Americans a year have meniscus surgery. And here is where it gets interesting. Orthopedists wondered if the operation made sense because they realized there was not even a clear relationship between knee pain and meniscus tears. When they did M. R. I. scans on knees of   people, they often saw meniscus tears in people who had no pain. And those who said their knee hurt tended to have osteoarthritis, which could be the real reason for their pain. Added to that complication, said Dr. Jeffrey N. Katz, a professor of medicine and orthopedic surgery at Harvard Medical School, is the fact that not everyone improves after the surgery. “It is not regarded as a ” he said. As a result, he said, many doctors have been genuinely uncertain about which is better  —   exercise and physical therapy or surgery. That, in fact, was what led Dr. Katz and his colleagues to conduct a clinical trial comparing surgery with physical therapy in   people with a torn meniscus and knee pain. The result: The surgery offered little to most who had it. Other studies came to the same conclusion, and so did a   published last year of nine clinical trials testing the surgery. Patients tended to report less pain  —   but patients reported less pain no matter what the treatment, even fake surgery. Then came yet another study, published on July 20 in The British Medical Journal. It compared the operation to exercise in patients who did not have osteoarthritis but had knee pain and meniscus tears. Once again, the surgery offered no additional benefit. An accompanying editorial came to a scathing conclusion: The surgery is “a highly questionable practice without supporting evidence of even moderate quality,” adding, “Good evidence has been widely ignored. ” So what should patients be told? Should they even be offered the surgery? Patients should be told that physical therapy is a good   therapy for pain relief, Dr. Katz said, but that surgery also relieves pain. Pain relief can take longer with physical therapy, he says. With surgery, he said, patients have to recover from the operation but are likely to be back at work within two weeks. “At the end of the day,” he said, “patients ought to choose. ” Of course, how they choose might depend on how the choice is presented. Here’s how Dr. Gordon H. Guyatt, a professor of medicine and epidemiology at McMaster University in Hamilton, Ontario, who wrote the editorial in The British Medical Journal, would deal with the clinical trial data: “I personally think the operation should not be mentioned,” he says, adding that in his opinion the studies indicate the pain relief after surgery is a placebo effect. But if a doctor says anything, Dr. Guyatt suggests saying this: “We have randomized clinical trials that produce the highest quality of evidence. They strongly suggest that the procedure is next to useless. If there is any benefit, it is very small and there are downsides, expense and potential complications. ” Hearing that, he says, “I cannot imagine that anybody would say, ‘Go ahead. I will go for it. ’”",0
4135,Six Self-Defense Handguns Under $350,"A dependable   handgun can be a literal lifesaver not just for the wealthy, but for Americans of all socioeconomic classes. For that reason, Breitbart News presents a list of six   guns that people may purchase for less than $350. [Some of the guns on the list are semiautomatics, which means they hold bullets in a detachable magazine and fire one round every time someone pulls the trigger. The other guns on the list are revolvers, which hold bullets in a cylinder that cycles and fires one bullet each time the user pulls the trigger.  Any of the guns on the list could be used to defend a life:    : The     is a 9mm semiautomatic that holds ten rounds in the magazine and one in the chamber for a total of 11 rounds. The gun has no external safety and is double action only. The firing mechanism creates a longer trigger pull —  which is a   in and of itself —  making accidental discharges more difficult. The   weighs 14 ounces, which is light enough for comfortable, everyday carry. Approximate price for a     is $ $320.   Ruger LCP: The Ruger LCP is a semiautomatic handgun chambered in . 380 and one of the most popular handguns on the market. It weighs in at 9. 6 ounces and holds six rounds in the magazine and one in the chamber, for a total of seven rounds. Like the     the Ruger has no external safety mechanism. Rather, it has the long    trigger pull that helps prevent accidental discharges. The LCP is a durable gun in a slightly smaller caliber than the   which may make the LCP a better choice for women or anyone looking for reduced recoil. Approximate price for a Ruger LCP is $ $270.    Taurus PT 738: The Taurus PT 738 is a lightweight polymer carry gun chambered in . 380. It holds six rounds in the magazine and one in the chamber, for a total of seven rounds. The PT 738 weighs in at 10. 2 ounces, which makes it comfortable for daily carry, even in lightweight clothing. The PT 738 has no external safety. Rather, it has the longer   trigger pull as found in the Ruger LCP and    .  Approximate price for a Taurus PT 738 is $ $270.       : The     is a super compact semiautomatic chambered in . 32 caliber. It holds seven rounds in the magazine and one in the chamber, for a total of eight rounds. The   only weighs 6. 6 ounces, and that light weight makes it ultra comfortable for daily carry. For about $15, one can purchase a clip that affixes to the side of the   and slides over the top of a boot, where it holds the gun against the calf and at the ready should trouble strike, or one can clip it on top of a pair of pants by the belt. The light weight, small size of the   makes it a great gun for purse carry, too. If carried in a purse, it should still be placed in a holster so the holster can prevent the trigger from snagging on something that might lead to an accidental discharge. Approximate price for a     is $250.    Taurus 85 Revolver: The Taurus 85 is a classic   revolver chambered in . 38 Special. At 21 ounces, it is slightly heavier than some of the guns on this list and much heavier than others, but it has two strong points in its favor: 1. Dependability. 2. Stopping power. The Taurus 85 is a great revolver for a man or a woman, as the weight of the gun makes the recoil of . 38 Special ammunition manageable. For anyone wondering how heavy 21 ounces would feel for daily carry, a Glock 19 weighs just over 23 ounces, and it is one of the most popular carry guns ever. So the Taurus 85 would be a great gun for home defense, as well as concealed carry. Approximate price for a Taurus 85 is $340.    North American Arms . 22 Magnum: The North American Arms . 22 Magnum is a miniature   revolver which can be hidden somewhere close at hand as a   firearm. The gun weighs 6. 5 ounces and is single action only, which means the hammer has to be pulled back for every shot, just as with a   from the Old West. The gun’s diminutive size makes it easy to hide in a fake book or any number of places in a home or office, and a   . 22 Magnum round in   ammunition could save a life. Approximate price for a North American Arms . 22 Magnum is $ $240.  As with all gun purchases, a gun for   is only the first step. The owner also needs to shoot it enough to become familiar with it, to know where bullets will go if he has to shoot it under duress. And he must familiarize himself with the laws of his state so he understands when it is legal to shoot and when it is not. When these steps are complete, he can own the gun with confidence, knowing he has done what is necessary to be ready if he needs to defend his life or the lives of his family members. AWR Hawkins is the Second Amendment columnist for Breitbart News and host of Bullets with AWR Hawkins, a Breitbart News podcast. He is also the political analyst for Armed American Radio. Follow him on Twitter: @AWRHawkins. Reach him directly at awrhawkins@breitbart. com.",0
4136,"Visiting the African-American Museum: Waiting, Reading, Thinking, Connecting, Feeling - The New York Times","I’m going to level with you. Getting inside the Smithsonian’s National Museum of African American History and Culture is hard. “Advanced timed passes for April 2017 Available on January 4th,” the website laughs. So with all due respect to the buckets of cash raised to fix Dorothy’s ruby shoes, the opening of the Blacksonian is the museum event of the year  —   probably the century. (Yes, “the Blacksonian,” because no one is going say that whole name and no one’s going to say “NMAAHC,” either, because no one wants to hear “God bless you” every time somebody does.) The wait to create a national museum of black history and culture was decades long. And the result amounts to a major bureaucratic, academic and emotional achievement. Now everybody wants in. So some of us have to wait. I got in on a chilly autumn Sunday, after a stranger, who had more passes than she needed, gave an extra one to me. There aren’t many places where gluttony becomes largess, but it does at the Blacksonian. While you’re standing there, hoping a look of pity turns into a pass, there’s plenty of time to roll your eyes at the faint fragrance of barbecued meat from the food truck parked along Constitution Avenue, or to ask someone to hold your spot in line while you consult with the man selling   pies nearby. There’s also plenty of time to admire the edifice you’re waiting to enter: three tiered trapezoidal stacks of   gating that sheaths a giant glass box. I had assumed that the gating was iron or actual bronze. Nope. Aluminum. Aluminum siding. But it’s the most vivid, most alive, aluminum siding you’re ever going to see. Obviously, we’re talking about architecture not black hair, but the edges lay perfectly. Designed just a little differently, the gating might have read as defensive, as a meticulous: “Keep out. ” But the panels are too porous for combat. They extend cautious warmth, instead: “Take care. ” The trapezoids, we’ve been told, evoke a Yoruba crown, imputing a sense of majesty. You can see that, especially in the museum’s silhouetted logo. Yet viewed from the minor distance of 14th Street and Constitution, with the Washington Monument playing the role of antenna, it’s a fortress. But  —   unlike, say, the pink marble of its neighbor the National Gallery of Art, or the   curvilinear limestone of the National Museum of the American Indian  —   the Blacksonian is brown. In the course of a day, depending on the weather and the light, that aluminum skin turns every shade of that color. In the sunlight, it’s golden, sepia in the shade,   when it’s overcast. At dusk, it’s mahogany and deep chestnut after a cloud gobbles up the sun. The building can be all of these browns without ever getting to black, as if it knows that no black person is actually, phenotypically black. So the building, a mighty, physical construct, memorializes a figurative one. “Black” is the concept that gets unpacked, rebuilt and celebrated within the museum. Inside, there’s more waiting to be done  —   for the very good restaurant, for the ladies’ room, for entry to the museum’s deep lower levels. Building waiting into the experience feels right for a place that tells the story of a people who’ve had to wait for everything else. The anticipation for the subterranean history galleries already feels mythic. You might know, for instance, that the museum’s narrative history starts underground, and gradually brings you up  —   into the present, into the ample light that pours through the great glass enclosure. But that doesn’t account for the emotional toll of all the waiting and reading and thinking and connecting and feeling to come. It doesn’t account for the experience of standing in the immense concourse and seeing the faces of the hundreds of people waiting with you, the endless hues of skin. This standing around is simultaneously boring and one of the happiest, most poignant things I’ve ever done with monotony. Here we all are, imported as Africans, standing around as   checking our phones, laughing, talking, taking group selfies, waiting with white people from this country and from Europe, with all kinds of Latinos, all kinds of Asians, all kinds of Arabs, to interact with a version of a story of what America truly is. During that wait for the underground galleries, natural impatience threatens to upstage the human majesty of it all. You don’t know why it’s taking so long to get there. Once you reach the entrance, you see. You’re waiting for an elevator. The Blacksonian has one pivotal conceit, one metaphorical device that you need to embrace despite its hokiness, despite its comical proximity to a set of stairs, and it’s the elevator. The elevator is an enormous glass box that comfortably fits about 30 people. The operator welcomes you to a time machine that’s going to carry you from the 21st century to the 15th. It was a device I knew I’d bought into when the operator asked whether we were ready, and I honestly couldn’t say that I was. Despite waiting all morning for this  —   despite waiting all my life, really  —   I was overcome with stress. Suddenly, I was unready to see any of the 37, 000 procured, purchased and donated objects, even as the box began its descent and landed its cargo at the year 1400. The stress never left. And it probably shouldn’t have. That’s history. It’s heavy. You just bear the weight as you set forth to graze thousands of chronologically arranged facts, names, photographs, things, explanatory guides, problems. The museum doesn’t tell you how to proceed. You’re not doing it wrong, even though a school of museum criticism  —   and to be fair, some museumgoers  —   expect  . Maybe the Blacksonian doesn’t instruct you on where next to graze. But you’re always oriented. And it’s the orientation that gets to you. Until the installation on slaves’ role in the Revolutionary War, for instance, the ceilings in the galleries are low (Kobe Bryant and LeBron James are among the museum’s   donors, and I wish their heads luck). With a crowd, the walkways narrow the lighting is almost notional, polite, correspondent with one solemn detail after the next. You can see more than well enough to understand that enslaved labor was foundational for the colonies. You can hear that anyone speaking is doing so almost reluctantly. You feel simultaneously overheated and spiritually chilled. In these early galleries, you’re always in someone’s way. There’s always some image you’re not seeing, some wall text you practically have to kiss in order to read. It’s strange: Here we are, climbing past one another, inspecting the historical molecules that make us us. Objects, stories, illustrations, faces, ideas and legislation will magnetize you to them, will imprint themselves upon you. That happened to me almost immediately, with the   wall of slave ships. It carries the names of vessels and their countries of commercial origin (always Europe, often Portugal). It specifies the date of disembarkation and tallies the number of passengers versus the number of survivors. The wall appears to be a single structure, full of information that you have to both crouch and get on the tips of your toes to make out. Then you realize that it runs the length of much of one side of the gallery, and that the decorative presentation has fooled then floored you. It’s such a horrifyingly casual display that it becomes grimly amusing before it turns devastating. The awkward presentation feels morally apt. The Atlantic Ocean was once a sloshing highway to transport slaves. The work you do to see that wall is emblematic of the work to be done by visitors all over the historical galleries. You reach the end of Reconstruction on the lowest level and have to climb a ramp to get to the civil rights era. That doesn’t feel accidental. It’s effort that seems meant as a terribly loaded abridgment of the work black people have always done in this country. Progress is a StairMaster. The Blacksonian reveals a wicked, poetic sense of humor about this history. You exit that long, tight, airless gallery into a huge open space with virtually no ceiling, and you realize you weren’t breathing. And then you catch your breath only to look up and see, on a platform, a statue of Thomas Jefferson. Arrayed behind him are rows and rows of bricks painted with the names of some of his slaves  —   Hercules and Jupiter and lots of Sallys. Surrounding him are equally proportioned statues of Harriet Tubman, Benjamin Banneker, Phyllis Wheatley and the Haitian revolutionary Toussaint Louverture  —   black people the museum argues are equally important. They loom near Jefferson. They haunt him. Abraham Lincoln, too, is morally conjoined here, on the abolition of slavery. He is as bound to Frederick Douglass, as Tony Curtis is chained to Sidney Poitier in “The Defiant Ones. ” Lincoln’s not a hero at the Blacksonian. He’s a man with a nagging mandate from Douglass to do the right thing. He’s another brick in the wall. The time machine transports you to other places  —   to an old slave cabin, a heartbreakingly perfunctory bill of sale for a black girl, the coffin of young, murdered Emmett Till, to photograph after photograph of slaves who radiate a kind of melancholic neutrality. Encountering so many long faces makes you aware of the length of yours. They also dare you to wonder: Who, among these ancestors, was the first to have the audacity to be pictured with a smile? The wonder keeps growing. How did this country ever evolve from a wall listing the amount paid for so many black people to the wall on the great ground floor featuring the many black people who helped pay to build the museum that would display either wall? How did we get from the funereal assessment of American history below ground to the vibrant galleries on the upper floors that salute black hair, black comedy, black athletes, black scientists, black travel, black art, black body language, Chuck Berry’s Cadillac? (That’s not quite the story down the Mall, at the Museum of the American Indian, and I carried that heaviness around with me, too.) The Blacksonian takes astonishing care to correct a crucial misrepresentation of slavery. I, at least, am guilty of necessarily focusing on the very real degradation of the work and not on the dignity and ingenuity of the workers. Over and over, the word “skill” appears in the display texts to describe the innovation slaves made to streamline agriculture and industry. Though the labor was evilly got and cruelly maintained, the laborers were innovators, creators and artisans. We call this place a museum, but to behold its impregnability, to feel centuries of pain and pride, to receive the story of how black people helped forge this nation (first by whip then by will) to find, at the twilight of one historic presidency and the dawn of what promises to be a very different one, that the forging must (must) continue  —   to see that metal gating reaching up, up, up  —   is to sense that the Smithsonian’s National Museum of African American History and Culture really should have an additional name, one worthy of all that forging and hammering and ironing out. It should also be called the Blacksmith.",0
4137,The Hillary Era is Coming: Worry!,"Photo by Veni | CC BY 2.0 
I trust that I am not the only one to have noticed that in rural areas and economically distressed neighborhoods in towns and cities, lawn signs for Donald Trump are everywhere, while Hillary signs are rarer than Teslas and Maseratis. 
I think I understand the Trump signs: they are cries of defiance. 
Hillary’s supporters are harder to figure out. I suspect that most of them would just as soon not advertise their intentions November 8. Even if they think that there is no other way to stop Trump, they understand that, by voting for Hillary, they are embarrassing themselves. 
Lawn signs apart, the evidence that Trump is kaput is, by now, overwhelming. He seems finally to have done his campaign in – to such an extent that even diehard anti-Trump fear mongers concede the inevitability of the Clintons’ return to the White House. 
Trump’s campaign had been on life support for weeks when the pussy grabbing tape surfaced, followed by a seemingly endless stream of women – a dozen or so already — accusing the Donald of groping them and worse. 
Then, in the third debate, Trump announced that he would “wait and see” before accepting the legitimacy of a Clinton victory. This seems to have been the final straw for all but the most bona fide “deplorables.” 
And so, the writing is on the wall: Hillary will win just as surely as the sun will rise tomorrow – well, not quite, but almost. 
There is no reason to rejoice in her victory, only in Trump’s defeat. 
And even that isn’t as obvious as it seems . Hillary probably the lesser evil all things considered. But Trump is very likely the less dangerous of the two. 
The man is an adolescent in a septuagenarian’s body, with a tendency to act out. But at least he is not a Russophobe or a neocon or a “humanitarian” intervener intent on regime change in countries that resist American domination. 
This would include not only the usual victims, countries incapable of harming the United States militarily, but Russia and China as well. 
It is relevant too that the supposed lesser evil is a committed neoliberal and a Wall Street toady, and that Trump’s “crooked Hillary” taunts hit the target more often than not. 
These considerations, and others like them, should cause concern to those who are fine with lesser evil voting in general, but who think that there are thresholds beneath which lesser evil considerations should not apply. 
There is no need to agonize over these issues, however; not in this case. When Trump became the Republican nominee, lesser evil arguments became moot. 
This would still be the case even if more voters were not quite so willfully blind to the dangers inherent in Clinton’s determination to maintain American world domination by any means necessary, and to her fondness for military “solutions.” 
Lesser evil considerations are irrelevant because Trump is and always has been bound to lose to any Democrat, even to her. 
I have been pressing this point and its corollary — that anti-Trump hysteria is a distraction – from Day One. As recently as a month ago, hardly anyone agreed with me. 
If only I had a dollar for every time I have been taken to task for not seeing the parallels between the Trump phenomenon and the rise of Nazism in the final years of the Weimar Republic! I would be a rich man today. 
But because it is now recognized that Trump’s chances of becoming President are, for all practical purposes, nil, no one is pressing that line these days. I used to be out on a limb; I no longer am. 
It would be only natural to take pleasure in this turn of events, and I would — but for the fact that a Trump defeat implies a Clinton victory. That prospect is, at best, only slightly less nightmarish. 
Worse, it doesn’t seem to matter that all but the most flagrant worrywarts now finally concede that there will never be a President Trump. Liberals and centrists and even a few foolish leftists are still going all out for Hillary. 
From the dead center to the soft left, the consensus view is still that now is a time to boost, not knock, Hillary’s campaign — especially in the dozen or so states where the Electoral College outcomes could not have been determined years ago with absolute certainty. 
It is remarkable that so many people cannot let anti-Trump hysteria go; that they are so focused on Trump’s misogyny, temperamental instability, and narcissistic blather that they don’t see that the only thing we need fear, where Trump is concerned, is, so to speak, the fear itself. 
However, in Hillary’s case, there really is something to fear: that she is about to become the Commander-in-Chief of the most lethal military force in the history of the world. 
On that point, her supporters are in denial, and even people who know better than to support her for her own sake remain determined to waste their votes by adding to her totals. Apparently, they think that this is a way to send the message that Trumpian “fascism” shall not pass. 
How much better it would be if they would use their votes to build alternatives to the neoliberal perpetual war regime that Hillary and Bill and their co-thinkers have helped fashion! 
The best chance for that, at this point, is Jill Stein’s campaign on the Green Party ticket. 
Stein cannot win, of course; a vote for her is only a protest vote. But there is nothing wrong with that. Hillary needs to know that she has no mandate to end the world “as we know it,” and this is one of many ways to convey that message. 
Pundits who claim otherwise are dead wrong. Those who pile on for Hillary are wasting their votes; protest votes aimed at Hillary are not wasted at all. 
I would imagine that at least some Trump voters are thinking along similar lines. But the racism, nativism and Islamophobia of their candidate tarnishes the messages their votes will convey. They therefore cannot register with any real clarity. 
The message protest votes for Stein convey is, on the other hand, as clear and distinct as can be. 
And if she garners at least five percent of the total votes cast, the Greens will have access to federal funding in future elections, and will have a much easier time gaining ballot access in all fifty states. 
This would not make for much of a “political revolution,” even in Bernie Sanders’ highly attenuated sense of the term, but it would make future elections less mind-numbing and degrading, and it could ultimately lead to more far-reaching transformations of the political scene. 
Now that Trump has all but killed off the GOP, the duopoly party system is in jeopardy, and all kinds of political realignments have, at last, become feasible. *** 
I wasn’t just being contrarian when I went out on a limb about Trump’s chances; and my confidence was in no way based on inferences from polling data or statistical extrapolations. 
Let the blogosphere’s “political junkies” and the corporate media’s talking heads knock themselves out with that. What they do is useful only for entertaining people who care about the horse race aspect of presidential elections. It is distressing how many Americans indulge in that spectator sport. Most of them are essentially apolitical. 
I was confident that I was right about Trump’s chances because I knew that what people tell pollsters when an election seems far off is basically irrelevant for predicting the election’s outcome. Information about how they and people like them voted in the past is more relevant, but not by much. 
This is especially true when, as in this case, disdain for one or the other candidate, or for both, is a dispositive factor in many voters’ minds. 
I was also fairly sure that, rightly or wrongly, more people fear and loathe Trump than fear and loathe Hillary; and that, if they didn’t at the outset, they would before long – because Trump was all but certain to undermine himself, and because there is so much dirt out there on the Donald’s sleazy connections and moral turpitude that even God-fearing Republicans, capable of believing almost any nonsense, were bound eventually to be repulsed. 
I suspected too that Trump never really wanted to be President; that he only got into the race to promote his brand, and because he is an egotist and publicity-hound. 
Trump hates to lose, however — especially to the likes of Hillary — and so, at some point, he must have decided to give the campaign his all, even if it meant bringing the Trump brand down with him. 
Should it come to that, I will shed crocodile tears for his brood, Ivanka especially. A worthwhile thing to do in the months ahead would be to work to make that happen; to do everything possible to assure that the damage done to all things Trump will be irreversible. What a delightful irony that would be! 
There are plenty of Hillary-haters in the Donald’s base who hate Hillary because they consider her the embodiment of coercive goody-goodyism, or because they think she is disdainful of people like them (people in the “deplorables” demographic), or because they think that she is too leftwing. 
The idea that she is too leftwing is nonsense, of course; she is not nearly leftwing enough. That anyone would think otherwise is a testament to the media’s ability to shape public perceptions and to the degree of political ignorance rampant in some quarters of the American electorate. 
But “vast rightwing conspiracy” Hillary-haters are spot on right about the rest of it — and two out of three isn’t bad. 
Even so, there are better reasons than theirs to dread the prospect of a Clinton presidency. They all have to do with the service Hillary has done, and will go on doing, for the miscreants who control the commanding heights of America’s and the world’s capitalist order, and with her untrammeled, ideologically-driven bellicosity. 
Hillary knows how to game the system; and she and Bill know how to benefit from doing so. But, for all her vaunted “experience,” she is clueless about the world. And although she and her fans boast of her “pragmatism,” that woman is seriously inept. 
Most of what she undertakes to do is ill conceived, and nearly all of it turns out badly. 
In short, the lesser evil, if that is what she is, is a very great evil indeed. 
It won’t take long, once she moves back into the White House and starts putting her stamp on the empire’s depredations, for the scales to fall from the eyes of all but her most gullible supporters. 
I am even more sure of this than I was of Trump’s defeat, but I will take even less joy in being proved right again. What lies ahead, with Hillary in control, is too horrible to contemplate. Join the debate on Facebook ANDREW LEVINE is a Senior Scholar at the Institute for Policy Studies, the author most recently of THE AMERICAN IDEOLOGY (Routledge) and POLITICAL KEY WORDS (Blackwell) as well as of many other books and articles in political philosophy. His most recent book is In Bad Faith: What’s Wrong With the Opium of the People . He was a Professor (philosophy) at the University of Wisconsin-Madison and a Research Professor (philosophy) at the University of Maryland-College Park. He is a contributor to Hopeless: Barack Obama and the Politics of Illusion (AK Press).",0
4138,Justin Trudeau Faces Unprecedented Ethics Probe over Private Island Getaway with Imam - Breitbart,"Canada’s Ethics Commissioner Mary Dawson has announced she will launch an investigation into Prime Minister Justin Trudeau’s use of a private aircraft to travel to a private island in the Bahamas over the New Year holiday, the first such ethics probe of a prime minister since the ethics office was established in 2007. [Following a formal request for an investigation into Justin Trudeau’s use of the aircraft, owned by the Ismaili Shiite leader the Aga Khan, Dawson wrote in response that she was “satisfied” that the situation merited an official investigation. “I have therefore commenced an examination under subsection 44( 3) of the [Conflict of Interest] Act to determine whether Mr. Trudeau has contravened sections 11 and 12 of the Act in connection with his recent stay at and travel to the Aga Khan’s privately owned island,” she wrote, according to Canada’s CBC.  The federal Conflict of Interest Act prohibits the use of private aircraft on the part of the prime minister “for any purpose except in exceptional circumstances,” requiring Dawson to approve all such uses before they occur. Trudeau did not submit a request to Dawson for approval before using the aircraft. Using a private aircraft in such a way, which may be seen as a form of bribe coming from someone receiving as much government largess as the Aga Khan, also violates Liberal Party ethics rules Trudeau himself championed. According to the Toronto Sun, the maximum sentence for the ethics charges Trudeau is facing is a $500 fine for each of two violations Dawson is considering, which the newspaper notes is a “relatively paltry sum for a prime minister who earns more than $350, 000 a year and gets a free home. ” Trudeau’s office initially refused to reveal where the prime minister was spending the New Year’s holiday, other than to confirm it would be outside of Canada. Before leaving the country, Trudeau had delivered a traditional end of the year message in which he called the holiday a “once in a lifetime opportunity to ring in the new year together” among fellow Canadians for the 150th anniversary of the nation’s founding. Canada’s National Post later revealed that the Trudeau family celebrated the new year on the Aga Khan’s private island, located in an island cluster locally referred to as “the Hamptons of the Bahamas” due to the names of the   owners of those islands. Trudeau reimbursed the government for use of federal aircraft to fly to Nassau, the capital of the Bahamas. The Aga Khan is the head of the Ismaili Shiite branch of Islam, an imam “philanthropist and hereditary spiritual leader,” according to NBC News. He is also a longtime friend of the Trudeau family, which the Prime Minister acknowledged in response to the ethics review. “This was our family vacation and it was with someone who has known me since I was a toddler and been a   friend of the family,” told CBC about the vacation, in response to whether he would take the vacation again knowing it would launch an unprecedented probe into the ethics of his actions. While not answering the question, Trudeau said he was “happy to take all of the questions” Dawson sent his way. The CBC also asked Trudeau to explain why he did not submit the private jet use for Dawson’s review, as the law demands. “We’re going to have all sorts of conversations with her, I’m sure, in the coming days and all this will be ironed out,” he responded. “It was a family vacation and we were focused on that,” Trudeau added. Last week, when journalists revealed that Trudeau had taken the trip on the Aga Khan’s aircraft, Trudeau told Canadian media, “we don’t see an issue on that. ” While certainly the flashiest, this is not Trudeau’s first ethical conflict since taking office in late 2015. In November 2016, Trudeau admitted to having discussed political issues with Chinese millionaires at a Trudeau Foundation fundraiser, a violation of lobbying laws. Upon being confronted by conservative MPs over his presence at the lavish fundraising events, Trudeau insisted it was necessary for him to attend because it would allow him to “create economic growth for the middle class. ”",0
4139,Eight Tips To a Deeper and More Relaxing Sleep,"Eight Tips To a Deeper and More Relaxing Sleep Ad 728×90 – HBS Account – 2149237058061490 http://blogs.naturalnews.com/eight-tips-deeper-relaxing-sleep/ 
By Mike Dan 
Posted Thursday, October 27, 2016 at 10:43am EDT 
Keywords: art of sleeping , bedtime , comfortable mattress , deep sleep , naps , quality of sleep , relaxing sleep , Sleep , sleep deep 
The quality of sleep has a great impact on one’s productivity. It will determine how effective and alert you will be throughout the next day. The importance of having a relaxing sleep to the body cannot be over-emphasized . It serves as a means to recharge the body and brain, and give rest to all the vital organs of the body. It is important for the body’s general health and vitality. 
However, the quality of sleep matters. Making your sleep deep, relaxing and refreshing goes a long way to impact your health. Just as your body needs a good and balanced meal every day, the body equally needs a deep and refreshing sleep. It is unfortunate however that deep sleep evades most people. The good news is that there are tricks that could be learned to make sleep more enjoyable. There are little things you can do to ensure a deep and relaxing sleep. Here are some of them: Get Your Worries Off the Way 
If you are the type that thinks about your struggles during bedtime, you have got to find a way to deal with it. You could schedule a time to ruminate about your struggles during the day. You could schedule a time to discuss your struggles with a confidant or write them in a journal. By getting it out of your chest, you will be keeping it off your mind which then limits the chances of it disturbing your sleep. Keep Your Naps Short 
Many people advise doing away with afternoon nap If you desire a good night and relaxing sleep. However, if you desire to nap at all, keep it short. You could adopt some simple routine such as: Maintaining a schedule: Make it early in the afternoon. Keep it short – brevity is the key. Limit afternoon nap to a maximum of 30 minutes. Try a More Comfortable Mattress for relaxing sleep 
A typical human spends over 30% of his/her entire life sleeping. If relaxing sleep is this vital, then attention should be given to where the “art of sleeping” is done – the mattress. However, an uncomfortable mattress could also limit the quality of sleep gotten. How do you know when to change mattress? Do you have to try several sleeping positions before you can sleep? Are you fond of waking up and shifting positions? Do you wake up with back and joint pains? 
If you can identify with the above, it is time to consider a new mattress. A good mattress should provide support for your curves and natural spine. Limit Light Exposure hinders relaxing sleep 
There is a natural occurring hormone in the body called Melatonin. It is controlled by exposure to light and helps regulate your sleep-wake cycle. You feel sleepy when the brain secretes more melatonin, which occurs majorly during the dark. However, less melatonin is secreted when there is light, making you more alert. Many aspects of our life can alter the production of melatonin. However, during the night, you could develop some habit that will influence the production of melatonin. Some of such are: Within 1 to 2 hours of your bedtime, avoid bright light. Reduce the brightness of your phone or tablet if you must use it Avoid late-night TV, it suppresses melatonin Avoid reading with backlit device Sleep in a dark room, Use heavy curtain to shade light from outside 
Make Vigorous Exercise a Priority 
One of the many advantages of exercise is that it helps enhance sleep. Hardly will you see any good exerciser that does not enjoy a sound sleep at night. They are hardly a victim of insomnia. Exercise increases the amount of time you spend in deep and restorative stages of sleep. 
Vigorous exercise makes your sleep deep. However, light exercise as simple as some minutes of the walk could also improve your sleep quality. Note however that it could take a while before you see the influence of exercise on your sleep, but it will come. However, avoid exercising when it’s close to your bedtime, at least 3 hours to your bedtime is ideal. Carefully Choose Your Meal 
The food you eat, especially some hours to your bedtime also influences the level and quality of your sleep. Caffeine and nicotine intake should be reduced; they contain a stimulant that can keep you alert for hours. Also do away with smoking, it does not help your sleep. Avoid Background Noise 
You should avoid things that will interfere with your sleep regarding noise. White noise is helpful; an ideal one can help you block out unnecessary ones. A fan is ideal as it not only maintains a consistent flow of air but also provides a continuous background noise. 
You can get a white noise machine or even get the app on your mobile phone. Some white noise gives the impression of rain, wind, etc. You could also go for a varied sound such as that of a babbling rock, waterfall or a croaking frog. Match Your Pillow to Your Sleep Position 
Pillows are an essential sleep aid and could make a great deal between having a good night sleep or a bad one. Your pillow can help lower back pain by using it to support your knees if you sleep on your back While sleeping on your side, your pillow could come between your knees. This maintains alignment with the hips. Used to sleeping on your tummy, a flat pillow is advised so as not to strain your neck.",0
4140,"For The Small Price Of $2.3 Million, You Could Own This Beautiful, Self-Sufficient Island","For The Small Price Of $2.3 Million, You Could Own This Beautiful, Self-Sufficient Island Posted on Subscribe to our mailing list and get interesting stuff and updates to your email inbox. Thank you for subscribing. We respect your privacy and take protecting it seriously x 
By Brianna Acuesta This island costs less than most celebrity homes. 
A Scottish island by the name of Tanera Mor is for sale, as its permanent residents recently moved out and put the island, along with its cafe, post office, schoolhouse, and 9 homes, on the market. 
The island boasts stunning views, traditional houses that have been recently restored, and self-sufficiency that is unmatched on other islands. 
The 760-acre isle is powered by wind turbines and generators and has a freshwater treatment plant. It’s part of a group of other islands called the Summer Isles and has an established tourism business that brings in a bit of revenue. 
This particular island is the biggest in the isles and is located just 1.5 miles away from the Scottish coast. 
The scenery itself is reason enough to buy this island, or any of the three lots that are being offered separately. It’s got 7 miles of cliffs, coves, and beaches to meander and relax on and you can walk across the whole island easily because it’s only 1.6 miles long. 
Over 164,000 native trees were recently planted to combat severe winds, giving the island a more natural feel. Despite the winds, the surrounding waters are said to be ideal for aquatic hobbies such as sailing, fishing, and diving; there’s even a historic pier to utilize for some of these activities. Also listed on the website for this property is that it’s common to look out and see porpoises, dolphins, basking sharks, and otters close by. 
Included in the sale are four neighboring small islands that are completely uninhabited but contain tidal pools and other treasures. Considering a nice apartment in a big city like Manhattan costs just as much and has considerably less space, this deal may seem like a steal. While you might be giving up that city vibe, you’d be replacing it with amazing views and a relaxing life. 
Would you consider buying this island? Please share, like, and comment on this article! 
Featured Image Credit: Tim Winterburn 
This article ( For The Small Price Of $2.3 Million, You Could Own This Beautiful, Self-Sufficient Island ) via NB is free and open source. You have permission to republish this article under a Creative Commons license with attribution to the author and TrueActivist.com Tags:",0
4141,New Report Uncovers Secret Trump Server That Repeatedly Communicated With Russia,"By Sean Colarossi on Mon, Oct 31st, 2016 at 8:47 pm While the media continues to focus on the Clinton email non-story, news about Donald Trump's ties to Russia continues to gain steam. Share on Twitter Print This Post 
While the media continues to focus on what is increasingly becoming a non-story – FBI Director James Comey’s vague letter regarding more emails related to Hillary Clinton – news about Donald Trump’s ties to Russia continues to gain steam. 
Not only did NBC just report that the FBI is now in the preliminary stages of investigating Trump’s ex-campaign manager’s connection to Russia, but Slate also reported on Monday that a Trump server may have repeatedly been communicating with a Russian bank. 
Slate claims that while a group of computer scientists was looking into the Russian cyber attack of the DNC, they stumbled onto something unexpectedly. 
The report: 
In late July, one of these scientists—who asked to be referred to as Tea Leaves, a pseudonym that would protect his relationship with the networks and banks that employ him to sift their data—found what looked like malware emanating from Russia. The destination domain had Trump in its name, which of course attracted Tea Leaves’ attention. But his discovery of the data was pure happenstance—a surprising needle in a large haystack of DNS lookups on his screen. “I have an outlier here that connects to Russia in a strange way,” he wrote in his notes. He couldn’t quite figure it out at first. But what he saw was a bank in Moscow that kept irregularly pinging a server registered to the Trump Organization on Fifth Avenue. 
More data was needed, so he began carefully keeping logs of the Trump server’s DNS activity. As he collected the logs, he would circulate them in periodic batches to colleagues in the cybersecurity world. Six of them began scrutinizing them for clues. 
The researchers quickly dismissed their initial fear that the logs represented a malware attack. The communication wasn’t the work of bots. The irregular pattern of server lookups actually resembled the pattern of human conversation—conversations that began during office hours in New York and continued during office hours in Moscow. It dawned on the researchers that this wasn’t an attack, but a sustained relationship between a server registered to the Trump Organization and two servers registered to an entity called Alfa Bank. 
This news doesn’t come out of nowhere. Trump has repeatedly praised Vladimir Putin as a strong leader, all while taking pro-Russia positions throughout the campaign that come straight off a Kremlin wishlist. 
The Clinton campaign was quick to jump on the report in a statement by Clinton Senior Policy Adviser Jake Sullivan: 
This secret hotline may be the key to unlocking the mystery of Trump’s ties to Russia. It certainly seems the Trump Organization felt it had something to hide, given that it apparently took steps to conceal the link when it was discovered by journalists. 
This line of communication may help explain Trump’s bizarre adoration of Vladimir Putin and endorsement of so many pro-Kremlin positions throughout this campaign. It raises even more troubling questions in light of Russia’s masterminding of hacking efforts that are clearly intended to hurt Hillary Clinton’s campaign. We can only assume that federal authorities will now explore this direct connection between Trump and Russia as part of their existing probe into Russia’s meddling in our elections. 
Trump’s pro-Russia rhetoric and policy positions are not a coincidence. The more information that comes out, the clearer it is that the Republican nominee has connections to Russia that he is hiding from voters. 
With just a week until Election Day, this is the explosive story the media should be focusing on. It’s critical that the American people know what kind of financial ties a potential president has with an American adversary, especially when that adversary is Russia.",0
4142,"Bayefsky: France Prepares Yet Another Anti-Israel International Assault, with Obama’s Blessing - Breitbart","President Obama has gone rogue and only one man can protect American democracy in the next few days: the  . [On January 15, 2017, with only five days left after 2, 917 days in office, President Barack Obama is planning once again to feed Israel to the international wolves. The move is intended to tie the hands of President Donald Trump and is a direct repudiation of the will of the American electorate who rejected Obama’s calamitous foreign policy and a repeat performance by his secretary of state.  On Sunday, France is scheduled to hold an international conference to unleash an international mob on Israel. The meeting is taking place with Obama’s direct connivance.   have been lined up to impose their preferences on the Middle East’s only democracy. Israelis are still dying in Israeli streets after seventy years of unending Arab terror  —   and the folks sitting in Paris munching on croissants know best how to protect Israeli national security. The     by France and its Arab allies  —   with the blessing of President Obama  —   raises unavoidable questions: Who will attend? If they attend, how senior a representative will be sent by the main players on the Security Council: the U. S. Russia, and the United Kingdom? Will attendees sign on to an outcome document imperiling Israel that is already circulating? Will the Middle East Quartet  —   composed of the U. S. the EU, Russia and the UN  —   approve of the outcome document? Will a UN Security Council subsequently approve of the outcome document before January 20, 2017? The French meeting follows on President Obama helping to ram through a UN Security Council resolution on December 23, 2016 that was clearly intended to unleash a legal and economic pogrom against the Jewish state. It didn’t take long for Palestinian terrorists to get the message: sidelining a negotiated solution between the parties by   an Israeli villain at the UN was a greenlight for the enforcers in Gaza City and Ramallah. President Obama’s collusion on   jettisons decades of bipartisan policy prioritizing a negotiated path to   peace, and flies in the face of overwhelming bipartisan opposition in Congress reconfirmed by the House just last week. Since the point of this flurry of international activity by   is to scuttle and deny President Trump’s foreign policy remit,   participants in the French mugging of the Jewish state need to know  —   now  —   what they should expect five days later on January 20, 2017. UK Prime Minister Theresa May has already made calls to the incoming team and expects to be   on the list of early visitors welcomed to the White House in the spring. EU countries will similarly come asking for help easing   fallout, tackling refugee problems, and buttressing security needs. The Middle East Quartet is desperate to continue its role supervising the   conflict and to avoid a return to sole American custody. The UN is an economic ward of the United States  —   to the tune of upwards of 10 billion a year  —   currently parked in the middle of a place many diplomats prefer to home. So here are some suggestions that may be communicated to those interested in a productive relationship with the man in office five days later and his colleagues now in charge of the purse strings on Capitol Hill  —   if the French refuse at their peril to postpone it altogether: As for the UN, there is only one subject that   understand and it isn’t a Congressional memo begging the institution to treat Israel better the next time. A promise to insist on an immediate halt of the transfer of funds to the UN pending a thorough accounting of expenditures and a strategic review of the   relationship, would be a good start. The rogue in the White House is poised to derail any prospect of   peace in the foreseeable future, further endanger Israel’s security and the country’s ability to safeguard Jewish identity. If his   believe it will be   expect the onslaught to proceed as planned. Anne Bayefsky is the Director of Touro Institute on Human Rights and the Holocaust  President of Human Rights Voices.",0
4143,Michael Klare: Whose Finger on the Nuclear Button?,"Here's something interesting from The Unz Review... Recipient Name Recipient Email => 
I was born on July 20, 1944, the day of the failed officers’ plot against Adolf Hitler. That means I preceded the official dawning of the nuclear age by exactly 369 days, which makes me part of the last generation to do so. I’m speaking not of the obliteration of two Japanese cities by America’s new “wonder weapon” on August 6th and 9th, 1945, but of the Trinity test of the first atomic bomb in the New Mexican desert near Alamogordo on July 16th of that year. When physicist Robert Oppenheimer , the “father of the atomic bomb,” witnessed that explosion, the line from the Hindu holy book, the Bhagavad Gita , that famously came into his head was: “I am become Death, the destroyer of worlds.” 
How apt it still remains more than seven decades later, at a moment when nine countries possess such weapons — more than 15,000 of them — in their arsenals, most of which are now staggeringly more destructive than that first devastating bomb, and as TomDispatch regular Michael Klare points out today, some of which are closer to possible use than at any point in at least a couple of decades. For those of us who lived through the years of bomb shelters, atomic movie monsters , the Cuban Missile Crisis (which left me, age 18, fearing I might be toast in the morning), the rise and fall of antinuclear movements, and nuclear nightmares of a sort I still remember vividly from my youth in a way I no longer recall the dreams of last night, it’s a horror to imagine that nuclear war is still with us; even more so, because, in Election 2016, we have a presidential candidate who is not only ignorant about those weapons in hard-to-believe ways, but who wonders why “we can’t use them,” and who might months from now have his finger on that “nuclear button” (or rather command of the nuclear codes that could launch such a war). Don’t tell me that this isn’t a living nightmare of the first order. 
I find it eerie in the extreme and unnervingly apt that the Clinton campaign has brought back a living icon of our nuclear fears, the little girl from the 1964 election who appeared in the famous (or infamous) “ Daisy ” ad President Lyndon Johnson ran against Republican contender Barry Goldwater (who, in retrospect, seems like the soul of stability compared with you know whom). She was then seen counting to 10 as she plucked petals off a daisy just before an ominous, echoing male voice began the countdown to an atomic explosion that filled the screen. Now, that girl, Monique Luiz , a grown woman, is shown saying , “The fear of nuclear war we had as children, I never thought our children would ever have to deal with that again. And to see that coming forward in this election is really scary.” 
She’s now 55 years old and, however the Clinton campaign may be using her, there’s still something deeply unnerving for those of us who had hoped to outlast the nuclear age simply to see her there more than five decades later. And if you think that’s unnerving on the eve of the most bizarre presidential election in memory, then read today’s piece by Michael Klare and imagine just how unsettling, in nuclear terms, the years ahead may prove to be.",0
4144,Re: Hillary Slights Comey In Presser Responding To FBI Bombshell,"Email 
Democratic presidential nominee Hillary Clinton responded to the latest bombshell about her emails by demanding FBI director James Comey immediately release everything the FBI has discovered. 
She also falsely accused Comey of only sending the letters to Republicans, suggesting he was causing a political firestorm by doing so. Clinton held a brief four-minute press conference with reporters in Iowa Friday, where she has been campaigning. 
“I have now seen Director Comey’s letter to Congress,” Clinton said to open her remarks. “We are 11 days out from perhaps the most important national election in our lifetimes … so the American people deserve to get the full and complete facts immediately.” https://twitter.com/NBCNightlyNews/status/792142514471907329 
“The director himself has said he doesn’t know whether the emails referenced in his letter are significant or not,” she continued. “I’m confident whatever they are will not change the conclusion reached in July. Therefore it’s imperative that the Bureau explain this issue and question, whatever it is, without any delay.” 
Clinton said the recent announcement from Comey came as a complete surprise to her and her staff, and that she only learned about it thanks to “this letter sent to Republican members of the House.” 
While Clinton’s rhetoric implies that Comey only contacted Republicans, that’s not the case. While only Republicans are listed at the top of Comey’s letter (because they hold all House committee chairmanships) Comey’s letter was also copied to the Democratic ranking members of each committee. 
Clinton also dismissed as a “rumor” reports that the email investigation was reopened due to discoveries made during a separate investigation of former Democratic representative Anthony Weiner. Weiner is the husband of top Clinton aide Huma Abedin, though she announced her separation from him following revelations last month that Weiner sexted with an underage girl. That sexting triggered an FBI investigation of its own, which has now circled all the way back to Clinton. 
“We’ve heard these rumors,” Clinton said. “We don’t know what to believe. That’s why it is incumbent upon the FBI to tell us what they’re talking about, because right now your guess is as good as mine, and I don’t think that’s good enough.” 
She then wrapped her conference by once again slamming Comey for supposedly only contacting Republicans. “If they’re going to be sending this kind of letter that is only going originally to Republican members of the House, they need to share whatever facts they have with the American people.” 
  The Daily Caller Foundation  ",0
4145,Rex Tillerson’s Hope for a Media-Free Bubble May Burst - The New York Times,"SEOUL, South Korea  —   Rex W. Tillerson, the new secretary of state, offered the diplomatic understatement of the month on Saturday when he told the sole reporter he permitted on his airplane: “I’m not a big media press access person. I personally don’t need it. ” Perhaps, by breaking with a   of past practice and flying off without the regular State Department correspondents on board, Mr. Tillerson was hoping to continue to operate in a style that worked well for him as chief executive of Exxon Mobil. In that job, he could negotiate complex oil and gas deals behind closed doors and then inform his board of directors and shareholders afterward. Certainly, his predecessors at the State Department have all wished for more time, space and secrecy to work through some of the world’s knottiest problems. The North Korea crisis that dominated this trip is a prime example of one that, if mishandled, could easily veer into war. Yet long experience teaches that foreign policy is rarely made in the kind of   bubble that Mr. Tillerson wants. Maybe John Hay had that luxury as secretary of state under Presidents William McKinley and Theodore Roosevelt, when the United States was just emerging as a global power. But in the modern era, everyone from Dean Acheson to John Kerry has found that superpower diplomacy abhors a news vacuum. When America’s top diplomats create one, adversaries and allies usually fill it with their own narrative of events, their own proposals, their own accounts of encounters with Washington. Sure, there have occasionally been secret deals  —   Henry Kissinger’s mission to China when he was President Richard M. Nixon’s national security adviser, for example  —   but they are rare. And American diplomats generally have little luck presenting the world with faits accompli. Both at home and abroad, public diplomacy is about persuading the world that a particular solution is in the global interest, not just the American interest. And that often means building an argument while the diplomacy is in progress, or else risking a loss of influence and control of the narrative. That, and ego, are usually what make a secretary of state a “media press access person. ” Mr. Tillerson got a brief taste of this reality even before beginning his somewhat rocky first outing in Asia. China tried to box him in by reviving an old proposal for a “freeze” of North Korea’s nuclear and missile programs in return for an   freeze of all military exercises with South Korea. It is one of those ideas that sound eminently sensible at first hearing. Who would oppose a diplomatic timeout for North Korea’s nuclear and missile tests, which are escalating toward demonstration of an intercontinental ballistic missile that could splash down off Seattle or Los Angeles? After all, that’s how diplomacy with Iran began six years ago, ultimately leading to a nuclear deal that, love it or hate it, took an apparently imminent military conflict and defused it for a decade or so. Doing something similar with North Korea is an idea that some American proliferation experts embrace as the   option on a menu of nothing but bad options. At a brief news conference in Seoul, Mr. Tillerson did use the words “imminent threat” to describe the North Korean program, and accurately noted that a freeze “would leave North Korea with significant capabilities that would represent a true threat, not just to the region, but to American forces. ” But other than that, he never grappled   with the Chinese arguments in favor of their proposal  —   which left the door open for his Chinese counterpart to restate his case in Beijing. As a senior South Korean official told me after Mr. Tillerson’s meeting, “there are South Korean politicians”  —   including one or two who could become president after a snap election next month  —   “who may find the Chinese approach preferable to the risk of a conflict. ” The Chinese example here is a small one, but it is telling. In past administrations, the State Department would have used the long flight to Asia to give reporters a sense of its arguments and   strategy. The secretary of state would have wandered back to the press seats on the plane and offered, on “background,” the administration’s thinking about the major issue of the day. Mr. Kissinger was a master of this spin James A. Baker III, Colin L. Powell, Condoleezza Rice and Hillary Clinton were no novices, either. And often, it is more than spin: It is a way for the secretary to test whether an idea has a   longer than the plane ride. “It’s not about access. It’s about context,” John Kirby, who has served as spokesman for both the Pentagon and the State Department and is considered one of the best at navigating the process, wrote on Twitter in response to Mr. Tillerson’s declarations. Mr. Kirby is right: The most important paragraphs in most articles about diplomatic news are the explanatory ones that lay out the administration’s strategy and assess whether it is tenable in light of history, or the facts on the ground, or other realities that the secretary of state may not want to discuss. As Mr. Kirby himself has noted, State Department correspondents work a bit differently from those at the White House. They do not often shout their questions, and television cameras are absent from many of the most important briefings. “Many have covered the beat for decades,” he noted over the weekend. “They know the complexities, the history. ” (Not all of us took the “decades” part as a compliment.) The group that has covered the State Department is heavy with former foreign correspondents and war correspondents who have lived around the world, have sources in foreign capitals and write books about the global challenges the country faces. Their   conversations have been known to run to wonkish topics like deterrence theory. So it might not be surprising that Mr. Tillerson doesn’t want them in the back of his airplane, talking to his staff and probing how the new administration’s approach to North Korea and China might differ from what predecessors tried. As he said in that interview with the one journalist he brought along  —   a reporter from the Independent Journal Review, a   website that had never covered a State Department trip before  —   Mr. Tillerson has something more   in mind. “I view that relationship that I want to have with the media, is the media is very important to help me communicate not just to the American people, but to others in the world that are listening,” Mr. Tillerson was quoted as saying. “And when I have something important and useful to say, I know where everybody is, and I know how to go out there and say it. ” There is something to be said for his approach. Clearly, Mr. Tillerson wants to shake up the foreign policy elite, and that starts with a press corps that feeds in the very swamp this administration says it wants to drain. He also says he is saving money by using a smaller plane (though news organizations pay steeply for each employee who flies with the secretary). This early in Mr. Trump’s tenure, many policy decisions have not yet been debated thoroughly within his administration, so as Mr. Tillerson noted on Saturday, there is not much for him to say. And there would be considerable risk in getting out ahead of his sometimes mercurial boss. (That boss, Mr. Tillerson conceded, went ahead and posted a Twitter message complaining that “China has done little to help!” without running it past him first.) Yet there is something else that Mr. Tillerson’s policy forgoes: the often useful symbolism of top American officials’ being seen to travel with a free and intrusive press asking questions that leaders do not want to hear. When Mr. Kerry was in Bahrain last year, the visit gave the State Department press corps a chance to publicly interrogate his very uncomfortable Bahraini counterpart about some specific human rights abuses in the country. (“I’m glad you asked that,” Mr. Kerry told correspondents later on his plane, making it clear that he knew local reporters could not have done so.) When President Abdel Fattah   of Egypt barred the State Department press pool last year, the State Department itself lodged an objection. None of those considerations mattered much when Mr. Tillerson traveled on behalf of the world’s largest oil company. As he said, he personally did not need reporters then, and he doesn’t now. But as secretary of state, he now has 320 million shareholders, and many of them have a stake in how he conducts America’s    business around the world.",0
4146,Att’y General Loretta Lynch Pleads The 5th When Asked Questions About Obama’s Iran Ransom Payment,"NTEB Ads Privacy Policy Att’y General Loretta Lynch Pleads The 5th When Asked Questions About Obama’s Iran Ransom Payment “Every Obama administration official and department involved in the Iran Deal appear to be running for cover,” the source said. “Like we feared, the Iran deal is turning out to be a disaster and Iran is emboldened in its aggression. Evidently Attorney General Lynch and the Department of Justice have decided ‘refusal to cooperate’ is their best strategy. by Geoffrey Grider October 28, 2016 Attorney General Loretta Lynch is declining to comply with an investigation by leading members of Congress about the Obama administration’s secret efforts to send Iran $1.7 billion in cash earlier this year, prompting accusations that Lynch has “pleaded the Fifth” Amendment to avoid incriminating herself over these payments 
Sen. Marco Rubio (R., Fla.) and Rep. Mike Pompeo (R., Kan.) initially presented Lynch in October with a series of questions about how the cash payment to Iran was approved and delivered. 
In an Oct. 24 response , Assistant Attorney General Peter Kadzik responded on Lynch’s behalf, refusing to answer the questions and informing the lawmakers that they are barred from publicly disclosing any details about the cash payment, which was bound up in a ransom deal aimed at freeing several American hostages from Iran . Loretta Lynch Pleads the Fifth To Protect Obama In Iran $1.7 Billion Hostage Money 
The response from the attorney general’s office is “unacceptable” and provides evidence that Lynch has chosen to “essentially plead the fifth and refuse to respond to inquiries regarding [her] role in providing cash to the world’s foremost state sponsor of terrorism,” Rubio and Pompeo wrote on Friday in a follow-up letter to Lynch, according to a copy obtained by the Free Beacon . 
The inquiry launched by the lawmakers is just one of several concurrent ongoing congressional probes aimed at unearthing a full accounting of the administration’s secret negotiations with Iran. 
“It is frankly unacceptable that your department refuses to answer straightforward questions from the people’s elected representatives in Congress about an important national security issue,” the lawmakers wrote. “Your staff failed to address any of our questions, and instead provided a copy of public testimony and a lecture about the sensitivity of information associated with this issue.” Obama on Iran payment: ‘We do not pay ransom’ 
“As the United States’ chief law enforcement officer, it is outrageous that you would essentially plead the fifth and refuse to respond to inquiries,” they stated. “The actions of your department come at time when Iran continues to hold Americans hostage and unjustly sentence them to prison.” The lawmakers included a copy of their previous 13 questions and are requesting that Lynch provide answers by Nov. 4. 
When asked about Lynch’s efforts to avoid answering questions about the cash payment, Pompeo told the Free Beacon that the Obama administration has blocked Congress at every turn as lawmakers attempt to investigate the payments to Iran. 
“Who knew that simple questions regarding Attorney General Lynch’s approval of billions of dollars in payments to Iran could be so controversial that she would refuse to answer them?” Pompeo said. “This has become the Obama administration’s coping mechanism for anything related to the Islamic Republic of Iran—hide information, obfuscate details, and deny answers to Congress and the American people.” Obama Administration Finally Admits $400M To Iran Was Ransom For Hostages 
“They know this isn’t a sustainable strategy, however, and I trust they will start to take their professional, and moral, obligations seriously,” the lawmaker added. 
In the Oct. 24 letter to Rubio and Pompeo, Assistant Attorney General Kadzik warned the lawmakers against disclosing to the public any information about the cash payment. 
Details about the deal are unclassified, but are being kept under lock and key in a secure facility on Capitol Hill, the Free Beacon first disclosed . Lawmakers and staffers who have clearance to view the documents are forced to relinquish their cellular devices and are barred from taking any notes about what they see. 
“Please note that these documents contain sensitive information that is not appropriate for public release,” Kadzik wrote to the lawmakers. “Disclosure of this information beyond members of the House and Senate and staff who are able to view them could adversely affect the diplomatic relations of the United States, including with key allies, as well as the State Department’s ability to defend [legal] claims against the United States [by Iran] that are still being litigated at the Hague Tribunal.” 
“The public release of any portion of these documents, or the information contained therein, is not authorized by the transmittal of these documents or by this communication,” Kadzik wrote. Congressional sources have told the Free Beacon that this is another part of the effort to hide details about these secret negotiations with Iran from the American public. 
One senior congressional source familiar with both the secret documents and the inquiry into them told the Free Beacon that the details of the negotiations are so damning that the administration’s best strategy is to ignore lawmakers’ requests for more information. 
“Every Obama administration official and department involved in the Iran Deal appear to be running for cover,” the source said. “Like we feared, the Iran deal is turning out to be a disaster and Iran is emboldened in its aggression. Evidently Attorney General Lynch and the Department of Justice have decided ‘refusal to cooperate’ is their best strategy. But this is dangerous and ultimately won’t protect them from anything.” source SHARE THIS ARTICLE Geoffrey Grider NTEB is run by end times author and editor-in-chief Geoffrey Grider. Geoffrey runs a successful web design company, and is a full-time minister of the gospel of the Lord Jesus Christ. In addition to running NOW THE END BEGINS, he has a dynamic street preaching outreach and tract ministry team in Saint Augustine, FL. NTEB #TRENDING",0
4147,Who reckons this might not be a legit iPhone charger?,"Next Swipe left/right Who reckons this might not be a legit iPhone charger? @Miradoreltd over on Twitter notes, “We have a sneaking suspicion this might not be a legitimate iPhone charger.”",0
4148,У генпрокурора Украины нашли дорогую квартиру в Ялте,"0 комментариев 32 поделились 
""Скандал разгорелся в середине сентября, когда издание ""Наши гроши"" обнаружило целое жилое здание (семь квартир и одно нежилое помещение) в центре Киева на улице Эспланадной, которым владела гражданка по фамилии Светлана Рыженко"", — написал Лещенко в своем блоге на сайте ""Украинской правды"" . 
Она оказалась бухгалтером в фирме Ирины Луценко. 
Затем все у того же сельского бухгалтера обнаружилась еще одна недвижимость — квартира в Ялте общей площадью в 145 метров, которую все местные так и называют ""квартирой Луценко"".Ее не так давно выставили на продажу за 1 миллион долларов, отметил Лещенко. 
""Однако, кроме дома в Киеве, у бухгалтера Луценко из села оказалась еще одна недвижимость — в Крыму. Это квартира вЯлте площадью 145 метров, которая недавно была выставлена на продажу за 1 млн долларов"", — отметил Лещенко. 
""Другими словами, Луценко, всю жизнь работавший на госслужбе, оформил на подставных лиц огромных размеров дорогостоящую недвижимость, не имея подтвержденных для этого легальных доходов"", — заявил Лещенко. 
По словам депутата, Луценко продал недвижимость в Киеве депутату от Блока Порошенко Глебу Загорию после развязавшегося скандала. 
Напомним, как сообщала Правда. Ру, генпрокурором Украины Юрий Луценко стал в мае 2016 года, сменив на этом посту ставшего неугодным экс-генпрокурора Виктора Шокина, на отставке которого настаивали американские кураторы украинской власти. 
Представил к назначению Луценко лично Петр Порошенко . При этом президенту Украины даже пришлось внести некоторые законодательные изменения: Порошенко подписал закон о Генпрокуратуре, согласно которому ведомство может возглавить человек без юридического образования. В том, что эти изменения писались исключительно под кандидатуру нового генпрокурора, сомневаться не приходится. 
Несмотря на то, что Луценко не имеет профильного образования, он целых два раза успел возглавить МВД Украины. Есть в его биографии и другие ""полезные"" для занимаемой должности факты. К примеру, в 2010 году Луценко был арестован, а через два года — и осужден на 4 года по делу о растрате государственных средств в особо крупных размерах. В 2013 году Виктор Янукович своим президентским указом помиловал ряд осужденных, среди которых оказался и Луценко. 
Спустя еще год в судебном порядке с будущего генпрокурора были сняты все обвинения, а сам он признан ""политически пострадавшим"" от репрессий прежнего руководства страны. 
Читайте последние новости Pravda. Ru на сегодня",0
4149,Greenwald: The Democratic Party ’Has Collapsed as a National Political Force’ - Breitbart,"Wednesday on Fox News Channel’s “Tucker Carlson Tonight,” The Intercept’s Glenn Greenwald excoriated the Democratic Party for what he suggested was not learning from the lessons of the party’s 2016 presidential election loss.  Greenwald pointed out the losses Democrats have suffered in prior elections, particular at the state level and said that the party wasn’t learning from its mistakes, but doubling down on what it had done before. He noted that the GOP have   of the governorships and are just one state house away from having the ability to convene a constitutional convention. “It is a party that has collapsed as a national political force in the United States,” Greenwald said. “It’s not just the national presidential election. ” Follow Jeff Poor on Twitter @jeff_poor",0
4150,Впервые за 30 лет США направили подводный ракетоносец в Тихоокеанский регион | Аналитический центр Катехон. Геополитика и Традиция.,"Главная » Новости » Впервые за 30 лет США направили подводный ракетоносец в Тихоокеанский регион Впервые за 30 лет США направили подводный ракетоносец в Тихоокеанский регион вторник, 1 ноября, 2016 - 12:45 
США направили на военную базу на Гуаме стратегический подводный ракетоносец ""Пенсильвания"". При этом Стратком (Стратегическое командование США) подчеркивает, что сроки, как и цели нахождения подводной лодки на тихоокеанской базе не раскрываются. 
""Данный конкретный визит на Гуам отражает приверженность США обороне союзников в Индо-Азиатско-Тихоокеанском регионе и дополняет многочисленные учения, операции и другую деятельность в рамках военного сотрудничества с государствами-партнёрами"" - сообщает пресс-служба ВМС США. 
Несмотря на то, что руководство США считает одну лодку ""критически важным, стабилизирующим и чрезвычайно эффективным элементом американских сил ядерного сдерживания"", вряд ли Вашингтон пойдёт на открытую конфронтацию с сильным соперником - Россией или Китаем. Таким образом, можно сделать вывод о том, что ракеты могут быть направлены либо на Корейский полуостров, либо на Индо-Пакистанский регион. Однако то, что в последнее время не прекращаются американо-южнокорейские учения и консультации, наиболее вероятной целью видится КНДР. 
Тем не менее, Россия, Китай и, вероятно, ряд других стран примет к сведению факт переброски. Особенно в свете того, что в Китае проходит сейчас крупнейшая военно-техническая выставка, в ходе которой китайскому руководству представлены, в том числе, секретные виды вооружения. Материалы по этой теме ",0
4151,Comment on Police Officer’s Wife Caught Faking a Robbery In a Scheme To Frame Black Lives Matter by The Cat's Vagina (Nasty Woman),"Home / Blue Privilege / Police Officer’s Wife Caught Faking a Robbery In a Scheme To Frame Black Lives Matter Police Officer’s Wife Caught Faking a Robbery In a Scheme To Frame Black Lives Matter The Free Thought Project October 30, 2016 1 Comment ( RT ) A Boston police officer’s wife has been charged with faking a robbery which she attempted to frame the Black Lives Matter Movement for. 
Maria Daly reported a burglary at her home in Millbury on October 17 and claimed her jewelry and some money had been stolen. She told police her home had been graffitied with the letters, “BLM.” 
“Something wasn’t quite right,” Millbury Police Chief Donald Desorcy said . “I think that was pretty obvious and as a result of that investigation, the officers did their due diligence and followed through with the investigation that we had.” This is white supremacist Maria Daly, the wife of Boston cop Daniel Daly.She staged a fake robbery of her home, and tried to blame #BLM pic.twitter.com/vrdqg1cM6r 
— Tariq Nasheed (@tariqnasheed) October 29, 2016 
CBS Boston reports Daly took to social media soon after the fabricated robbery, saying, “We woke up to not only our house being robbed while we were sleeping, but to see this hatred for no reason.” 
“If you would of [sic] asked me yesterday about this blue lives and black lives matter issue my response would of [sic] been very possitive [sic],” the now private Facebook account continues. “Today on the other hand I have so much anger and hate that I don’t like myself. This is what we have to deal with these days and it makes me sick that this is what was on the side of my house.” 
Despite Daly’s best efforts, the police were able to tell no robbery took place. @crystalhaynes The poor lady just needs some help.. 
— Mark Scanlon (@markscanlon50) October 28, 2016 
“Basically we came to the conclusion that it was all fabricated,” said Desorcy. “There was no intruder, there was no burglary.” 
Police concluded Daly fabricated the robbery due to financial difficulty. Daly confessed and returned the items she claimed were missing, which amounted to $10,000 in jewelry. 
Desorcy told reporters, “We weren’t going to sweep this under the rug,” and that he felt sorry for the family. 
Daly’s husband Dan is not suspected of being involved in his wife’s crime. Share Google + The Cat’s Vagina (Nasty Woman) 
So, is she going to be brought up on the same charges that any one of us would be for staging a crime and lying to police, or will she avail herself of Blue (Dick Holster) Privilege? Social",0
4153,Re: ‘D*ckileaks’? NY Post unveils tomorrow’s Weiner cover for your pleasure,"— Bethany S. Mandel (@bethanyshondark) October 28, 2016 
For those of you who were waiting, the wait is over: Tomorrow's cover: Weiner sext probe found dirt on Hillary https://t.co/6z0BJkr23s pic.twitter.com/hAk6D02j8y 
— New York Post (@nypost) October 28, 2016 
So, does it live up to your expectations? 
— Shoshana Weissmann (@senatorshoshana) October 28, 2016 ""Stroking Gun""– that's pretty funny! https://t.co/sSec2Z3isp",0
4154,"Sexual Assault Suspect Not Allowed to Defend Himself, Could Cause ’Psychological Harm’ to Accuser - Breitbart","A student at Amherst College in Massachusetts accused of sexual misconduct is being refused the right to defend himself on the basis that it could cause “psychological harm” to his accuser. [The unnamed student was expelled from Amherst College despite arguing that his accuser had actually assaulted him, while a judge blocked his attempt to subpoena his accuser into releasing text messages on the grounds that   the case “would impose emotional and psychological trauma” on her.  “[The student] was blackout drunk at the time —  a detail that Amherst administrators deemed ‘credible,’ on subsequent review,” wrote Reason, who used the “John Doe” placeholder name for the student, before adding, “Of course, it’s questionable whether a blackout drunk student can actually provide the level of consent that Amherst’s sexual misconduct policy requires. ” The incident in question took place years ago, during the late night   early morning hours of February   2012. Jones was Doe’s girlfriend’s roommate at the time. Jones went to Doe’s dorm room and sexual activity ensued: Jones performed oral sex on Doe. But Doe was blackout drunk at the time —  a detail that Amherst administrators deemed “credible,” on subsequent review. Of course, it’s questionable whether a blackout drunk student can actually provide the level of consent that Amherst’s sexual misconduct policy requires. Other factors cast doubt on the idea that Jones was the victim and Doe the perpetrator. After leaving Doe’s dorm room, Jones texted another male student and asked him to come to her dorm room for sex. She also texted a residential advisor about her “stupid” decision to engage in sexual activity with her roommate’s boyfriend. In these text messages, Jones admitted that she was “not an innocent bystander. ” She also complained about how long it was taking this second male student to do anything sexual with her. She did not file a complaint against Doe until two years later. Based upon the “preponderance of the evidence” standard that was established by the Obama administration, Doe was expelled from Amherst. Legal scholars KC Johnson and Stuart Taylor of The Volokh Conspiracy at The Washington Post argue that the preponderance standard established by the “Dear Colleague” letter of the Obama administration “told all of the more than 7, 000 colleges that receive federal money to use the lowest possible standard of proof” in determining the outcome of sexual assault cases on college campuses. President Trump’s Secretary of Education nominee Betsy DeVos was harshly criticized by the left for donating to the Foundation for Individual Rights in Education (FIRE) which supports the notion that the burden of proof in campus sexual assault cases should be higher and that all accused should be afforded proper due process. Tom Ciccotta is a libertarian who writes about social justice and libertarian issues for Breitbart News. You can follow him on Twitter @tciccotta or email him at tciccotta@breitbart. com",0
4155,"A Shopping Mall at Ground Zero, Uninformed by Its Sacred Land - The New York Times","“The advice that I would give to people today, if they’re home from work, is to  —   is to go about a normal day,” Mayor Rudolph W. Giuliani said on Sept. 12, 2001. “Take the day as an opportunity to go shopping, be with your children. Do things. Get out. Don’t feel  —   don’t feel locked in. ” Go shopping. Mr. Giuliani’s   counsel on the day after a terrorist attack killed 2, 753 people in Lower Manhattan was quickly stripped of context and turned into caricature  —   retail as opiate. When the going gets tough, the tough go shopping. I don’t think he meant that shopping would solve the problems of a city struggling to awaken from an unparalleled nightmare. But it was the first thing that came to his mind. The role of retailing at ground zero came to mind again last week on my first visit to the Westfield World Trade Center shopping mall, which opened in August. The experience was at once heartening and dispiriting. Heartening, because Santiago Calatrava’s soaring Oculus now teems with people. The cantilevered “diving boards” over the great hall have instantly become downtown’s version of the crowded balconies at Grand Central Terminal, the ideal spot to take that perfectly symmetrical architectural panorama. (With a selfie in the bargain.) Things will only get livelier when subway stations are opened at either end of the hall, and the Oculus grows into its role as a transit corridor. Dispiriting, because there is little to suggest that Westfield World Trade Center occupies consecrated ground. Apart from the bravura of Mr. Calatrava’s design, and the   marble floors, this mall could be just about anywhere. And unlike the   mall of the original trade center, there seems to be no place yet to get your shoes shined or a key copied. It was also dispiriting because I could have seen this coming years ago. As a reporter, I failed to pay enough attention to the role played by Westfield America in the redevelopment. That left me susceptible to the official line that the Oculus was a transportation center with shops appended. It is now clear that the Oculus is  —   and was always intended to be  —   a shopping mall with an ancillary transportation purpose. Lynne B. Sagalyn’s new book, “Power at Ground Zero: Politics, Money and the Remaking of Lower Manhattan,” lays out some clues I neglected. Westfield had big ideas for a trade center mall years before the attack. The company is a shopping center operator founded by Frank P. Lowy and based in Australia. Its American arm was the partner of Silverstein Properties, which signed a contract with the Port Authority of New York and New Jersey in April 2001 to take over the trade center. Westfield looked at the expansive trade center plaza and the already profitable underground mall, and dreamed greater dreams, Ms. Sagalyn wrote: “150, 000 square feet of additional shopping space created by raising the plaza one level, opening up the concourse with a grand entrance to bring light into the underground areas, and making better connections with ramps and staircases to provide access to the new level. ” Silverstein and Westfield remained the leaseholders after the trade center was destroyed. Though city planners sought to recreate the street grid that had been obliterated by the original trade center, Westfield was adamantly opposed. “Frank Lowy had built his mall empire on the highly successful model of the suburban center the design of this prototype  —   large, undivided pedestrian spaces without passing cars and trucks  —   was totally oriented to making it as easy as possible for consumers to spend money,” Ms. Sagalyn wrote. Westfield pulled out of the project in September 2003 but paid $1 million for an option to return. “Nothing had changed about the company’s ambition to control the retail opportunity in one of the country’s most valuable locations,” Ms. Sagalyn wrote. Four months later, Mr. Calatrava’s design for the World Trade Center Transportation Hub was unveiled. The mezzanine level was the working heart of the PATH commuter railroad terminal. But the birdlike    shell between Church and Greenwich Streets  —   now known as the Oculus  —   was what captured the city’s imagination. And that is where the Port Authority intended to accommodate many of the trade center stores. “The Transportation Hub offered exceptionally good retail space with strong   profit potential,” Ms. Sagalyn noted. Westfield returned and eventually put $2 billion into the project, Ms. Sagalyn said. The Oculus structure, built by the Port Authority, cost $483 million out of the overall $4 billion budget for the hub. On Sunday, the 15th anniversary of the attack will be marked with a solemn ceremony at the trade center. This is Westfield’s first chance to show itself as a corporate citizen there. “Due to the sensitive nature of the day,” Westfield told its tenants in a recent letter, “we’re recommending to our retailers  —   in part based upon guidance from our community partners  —   that they not open for business until the conclusion of the ceremony at approximately 12:30 p. m. This is 90 minutes after our traditional open hours on Sundays. ” Last week, I canvassed 50 of the 60 tenants currently at the trade center. Of the 21 that responded to an email inquiry, 19  —   including Apple, Breitling, Charles Tyrwhitt, Fossil, John Varvatos, Kate Spade, Kiehl’s, Kit and Ace, L. K. Bennett, Moleskine, Sephora, Sugarfina and Thomas Sabo  —   said they would honor the   request. Two other stores, COS and House of Samsonite, said they would not open until 1 p. m. The John Varvatos store said it would donate 20 percent of the day’s sale proceeds to the   Tribute Center. Westfield also plans to turn the enormous LED advertising billboards in the concourses over to video programming by the National September 11 Memorial and Museum. The restraint is commendable. I’m not certain it suffices for the magnitude of the moment. But it certainly hews to Mr. Giuliani’s suggestion, made long ago.",0
4156,2017 N.C.A.A. Tournament Bracket: Who Has the Edge in Each Region? - The New York Times,"Villanova ( ) which won last year’s N. C. A. A. men’s basketball tournament on a   at the buzzer in the championship game, was awarded the top overall seed in this year’s bracket, released Sunday evening, one day after winning the Big East tournament. The other No. 1 seeds include North Carolina ( ) the team Villanova beat in that thrilling 2016 title game Kansas ( ) which has now received a top seed seven times in Coach Bill Self’s 14 seasons and Gonzaga ( ) from the West Coast Conference, which despite several deep runs and, now, 19 straight berths has never made the Final Four. The preseason Nos. 1 and 2 in the Associated Press poll, Duke ( ) and Kentucky ( ) earned No. 2 seeds. Both are loaded with talent, including several freshmen expected to turn pro later this year, and while each struggled at times due to inexperience and injury, in recent weeks they seem to have cohered, respectively winning the Atlantic Coast and Southeastern Conference tournaments. The   team from the   was conference champion Arizona ( ) with a   while the Big Ten’s   member was   Purdue ( ). Northwestern ( ) was virtually assured of its first berth ever in the nearly 80 years of the tournament. Here’s a breakdown of each region:   Gonzaga was installed as a No. 1 seed for the second time in program history, but the last time, in 2013, did not go so well. The Bulldogs lost to   Wichita State in the second round. But while Gonzaga ( ) still has never been to a Final Four, the Bulldogs are a worthy No. 1: They lost only to Brigham Young and outscored opponents by more than 23 points a game. The Zags’ biggest problem? Arizona, the   champion, lurks at No. 2. NORTHWESTERN IS IN Is something in the water in Chicago? First the Cubs win the World Series, and now the Wildcats, the darlings of the Big Ten, are in the tournament for the first time.   Northwestern will face Vanderbilt in a battle of colleges used to being overlooked  —   sometimes for good reason  —   in sports. UPSET SPECIAL Harvard in 2014. Yale in 2016. Don’t bet against the Ivies. Princeton, unbeaten in the conference, winner of the league’s inaugural tournament, has won 19 in a row. You can make it 20. Sorry, Notre Dame. Winning a   title was clearly valued by the selection committee, which made North Carolina a No. 1 seed despite its loss to Duke in the Atlantic Coast Conference tournament. The South might be the most fun region to watch: North Carolina, the   blue bloods Kentucky and U. C. L. A. and Wichita State and Wake Forest all have   scoring offenses. OH, YOU AGAIN A Wichita   rematch? Sign us up. Too bad it would come in the second round. Three years after a classic    game, Wichita State could be poised for revenge. One analyst, Ken Pomeroy, rates the   Shockers as the nation’s   team. UPSET SPECIAL Louisville Coach Rick Pitino and his son Richard, who leads Minnesota, are the first   coaching duo in one N. C. A. A. tournament. But Minnesota is a good bet to go down to Middle Tennessee State, which is   and which eliminated Michigan State a year ago. Kansas may have the easiest path to the Final Four of any of the No. 1 seeds. The Jayhawks would not normally like seeing Michigan State in its region, but the   Spartans have been troubled by injuries. Louisville, the No. 2 seed, is typically tough on defense, but the Jayhawks appear rested and ready as they chase their first N. C. A. A. title since 2008. TEAM OF DESTINY Something happened in those few harrowing seconds when Michigan’s plane skidded off the runway in an aborted takeoff en route to the Big Ten tournament. The Wolverines, the eighth seed in that tournament, won four straight games to earn a No. 7 seed in this one. A deathly scare seems to have given Michigan new life. UPSET SPECIAL Few picked Iona to win even the M. A. A. C. tournament, but don’t be shocked if the Gaels stun No. 3 Oregon. The Ducks are reeling after losing the senior Chris Boucher (11. 8 points, 6. 1 rebounds, 2. 5 blocks) to a knee injury. It was no surprise that Villanova, the Big East champion, received the bracket’s No. 1 overall seed. But the Wildcats ( ) could end up meeting Duke ( ) for a trip to the Final Four. Despite three straight wins over ranked teams en route to the Atlantic Coast Conference tournament title, the Blue Devils failed to supplant North Carolina  —   whom they defeated in two of three meetings this season  —   as a No. 1 seed. HARD TO FORGET Try to remember this name: Jesusemilore Talodabijesu Ojeleye. Better known as Semi, the junior forward leads   Southern Methodist, a No. 6 seed that has won 16 in a row. Coach Larry Brown’s abrupt resignation last summer seemed to galvanize the Mustangs, who are third in the nation in scoring defense. All five starters are 6 feet 6 inches or taller. UPSET SPECIAL South Carolina is staggering in with six losses in its past nine games and was probably   as a No. 7. The Gamecocks will struggle with Marquette, which leads the nation in   shooting percentage (43 percent). You want a hot team for your bracket? How about Michigan, which has not lost since its plane slid off the runway in Ypsilanti on Wednesday. No one was hurt, but the accident meant the team had to travel to the Big Ten tournament on game day morning and wear makeshift uniforms for their first round game. Not a recipe for success? Think again. Michigan, seeded just eighth, reeled off four straight wins in four days, over No. 9 Illinois, No. 1 Purdue, No. 4 Minnesota and No. 2 Wisconsin to take the tournament. Hot teams in conference tournaments have sometimes immediately flamed out in the N. C. A. A. tournament, so there’s no guarantee Michigan’s run will continue. But if you believe in momentum, you might want to give the Wolverines a close look. Arizona, Bucknell, Duke, East Tennessee State, Florida Gulf Coast, Gonzaga, Iona, Iowa State, Jacksonville State, Kent State, Kentucky, Michigan, Middle Tennessee, Mount St. Mary’s, Nevada, New Mexico State, New Orleans, North Carolina Central, North Dakota, Northern Kentucky, U. N. C. Wilmington, Princeton, Rhode Island, South Dakota State, Texas Southern, U. C. Davis, Vermont, Villanova, Wichita State, Winthrop. 28 and Counting for Kansas: The Jayhawks will make their   28th consecutive appearance in the tournament, passing North Carolina’s mark from  . Kansas also won the Big 12 conference this year for an N. C. A. A. Division I record 13th straight time, breaking U. C. L. A.’s conference streak from  . After Kansas was upset by Texas Christian,   in the Big 12 tournament, we’ll see if the Jayhawks are able to play up to their seeding, which they have not always been able to do in past tournaments.",0
4157,3 Playwrights on How Mass Shootings Forced Them to Write - The New York Times,"Mass shootings happen in public spaces and private offices. They happen at places of worship and study, work and play. And increasingly, they happen onstage  —   in fictional tragedies and verbatim dramas that explore the psychology of the shooters and the consequences for the affected individuals and communities. The past several years have seen Jessica Dickey’s “The Amish Project” Stephen Karam and PJ Paparelli’s “columbinus” Simon Stephens’s “Punk Rock” Scott Z. Burns’s “The Library” David Greig’s “The Events” Julia Cho’s “Office Hour” Rajendra Ramoon Maharaj, Adam Mace and Christian Lee Branch’s “Mother Emanuel” and a host of    —   each instigated by one or more instances of gun violence. This month brings three new plays inspired by the 2012 events in Newtown, Conn. in which a man opened fire at Sandy Hook Elementary School, killing 26 children and adults before taking his own life. Eric Ulloa’s “26 Pebbles,” presented by the Human Race Theater Company in Dayton, Ohio, is a documentary drama in the style of Tectonic Theater Project’s “The Laramie Project. ” Mr. Ulloa, an actor turned writer, based the play on the more than 60 interviews he did with Newtown residents. By contrast, Martín Zimmerman’s “On the Exhale” and Courtney Baron’s “When It’s You” use the Newtown catastrophe as a stimulus for anguished fictions. Mr. Zimmerman’s play, which opens on Sunday at the Roundabout Underground, is a monologue voiced by a nameless literature professor who finds herself fixated on a weapon used in a mass shooting. Ms. Baron’s piece, a Keen Company production that begins performances on Feb. 28 and is also a solo show, uses a multiple murder to meditate on what we owe to one another. The New York Times spoke to these writers about representing gun violence onstage and their own experiences with firearms. These are edited excerpts from the conversations. What inspired your play? I was tired of my own complacency whenever something horrific happens that I can’t understand, this being a traumatic one because it was   and   old children. I was tired of doing Facebook posts with my personal comments about how angry I am and sending it into the void. I wanted to see if I could offer anything as a writer. Have you ever shot a gun or had experience with gun violence? I was not raised in a gun house. My dad owned a gun because he was a   manager. I’m pretty common sense on gun control: I believe that people have the right to own a personal handgun for safety if they feel the need to. I don’t feel the need to. There’s a good police force out there that will do it for me. How do you as a playwright handle violence onstage?  We use a very theatrical conceit when the moment happens, it’s an actual giant shattering of glass. I promised every person I interviewed that I would never try to make this a piece of sensationalism. I don’t want to see that. We’re dealing with children, and that’s some touchy ground. That’s not the story I’m trying to tell. Do you think your play will register differently in the Trump era?  I would never thank him for anything. But I’ve got to thank him because the climate he’s created in this country has made this piece relevant. I had students on opening weekend saying, “It made me realize that I want to become an activist. ” This    liberal heart was in heaven. What inspired your play? I knew that nothing legislative was going to happen after Sandy Hook it filled me with such boiling rage. I really just couldn’t imagine how furious you would be if you lost a child like that. That was the seed. Also, I’ve been   fascinated with the contradictions over what it means to operate a weapon, that in order to do it effectively you need to be calm, almost meditative. Have you ever shot a gun or had experience with gun violence? I’ve shot a rifle  —   a   rifle at Boy Scout camp. I have never encountered any gun violence personally in Chicago, where I live. But I have read articles about someone living in my neighborhood, driving a route that I drive all the time and seeing someone get shot in the head. How do you as a playwright handle violence onstage?  I have yet to see realistic violence rendered onstage that didn’t take me out of the experience: I’m so aware that what I’m watching is not real. We do ourselves a disservice when we try to make theater a literal space. It’s always way more effective to enlist an audience’s imagination. When you see weapons onstage, your eyes just go to them. It’s troubling, but they’re really fascinating, seductive, complex machines. If we put them onstage, you’re just going to be waiting for that thing to discharge, waiting for that sound. Do you think your play will register differently in the Trump era? I don’t know if this is still true in the age of Trump, but I would say that   gun control was the issue about which I felt the greatest despair. These objects are so seductive it’s almost impossible to control ourselves around them. Once you have access to this really powerful machine that gives you the illusion of power, it becomes really difficult to imagine yourself separated from it. You have to acknowledge that clearly there is some emotional connection going on, some deep fears and deep longings and deep love. What inspired your play? When Sandy Hook happened, my daughter had just turned 7. I think it woke me up. I grew up in a political family and my dad was very, very wrapped up in politics, but I had never taken on anything on my own. The only way I know how to write is the smallest, most microcosmic way. I had attempted to write something more overtly political, more of a polemic, and it didn’t feel true to me. Have you ever shot a gun or had experience with gun violence? I grew up in Dallas. It wasn’t odd to see gun racks in trucks. I shot rifles at summer camp just like everybody else did. Many of the families in the neighborhood I grew up in had guns. We didn’t think, like, “Oh, there are weapons of murder in our homes. ” They were kind of casually for protection. When I was in college, my girlfriend and I were like, “Well, what happens at a gun show?” So we went to one. And it was kind of spectacular. First of all, there was a bar. And there were guns for ladies, which was the craziest thing to me  —   little, pretty guns specifically for ladies. And the ladies were lined up. How do you as a playwright handle violence onstage?  Violence is more about entertainment than it is about the reality of what happens to people. It’s like sex onstage. It doesn’t work. I studied with Romulus Linney at Columbia, and he was always like: “Don’t put a gun onstage. It’s going to be horrible. ” Do you think your play will register differently in the Trump era?  I think it has to do with personal culpability as a member of society. In light of the election, whatever one’s political bent is, we have to take on social responsibility. I don’t think we should carry the bag of guilt in the heaviest way, but we are culpable. You cannot live in a vacuum. So you have to examine what’s important to you and what you can do about it.",0
4158,"Democrats Skip Votes, Delaying Confirmation of Trump Nominees - The New York Times","WASHINGTON  —   Democrats on the Senate Finance Committee sought to stall the confirmations of Steven Mnuchin and Tom Price, President Trump’s picks for Treasury secretary and secretary of health and human services, by refusing to attend scheduled votes on Tuesday. As Mr. Trump’s dramatic firing of his acting attorney general threw the capital into tumult, Democrats on Tuesday also seized on the contentiousness to try to block Senator Jeff Sessions’s nomination as attorney general because they said he was too close to Mr. Trump. In describing their tactic of boycotting the votes on nominees to Treasury and to health and human services, Senator Ron Wyden of Oregon said that recent news reports suggested Mr. Mnuchin and Mr. Price had given false statements in their nomination hearings. He said more information was needed before making judgments about the nominees. “We have made clear that we need additional information,” Mr. Wyden said. Senator Debbie Stabenow, Democrat of Michigan, assailed the nominees for failing to be honest with the committee. “The truth matters,” she said. “That’s not what has been happening here. ” Republicans expressed dismay at the delay. “I think this is a completely unprecedented level of obstruction,” said Senator Patrick J. Toomey, Republican from Pennsylvania. But with a Supreme Court vacancy nearing its   point after a long blockade by Republicans, Democrats were not exactly feeling the heat, at least not yet. During a   hearing before the Senate Judiciary Committee, Democrats painted Mr. Sessions as an extremist legal savant for Mr. Trump in support of   ideologies, while Republicans portrayed him as a   lawyer and    prosecutor who would enforce the law as written. “How could we possibly conclude that this nominee will be independent?” asked Senator Dianne Feinstein of California, the top Democrat on the Senate Judiciary Committee. She said that Sally Q. Yates, the former acting attorney general fired late Monday, showed “guts” and independence in refusing to defend Mr. Trump’s executive order banning immigrants from seven largely Muslim countries. “I have no confidence that Senator Sessions will do that,” Ms. Feinstein said. Democrats hope to turn the tumult into a referendum on Mr. Sessions, an Alabama Republican, and whether he would have the independence to serve as the nation’s chief law enforcement official after emerging as one of Mr. Trump’s closest advisers in the presidential campaign. Democrats are already calling it “the Monday night massacre” after Mr. Trump fired Ms. Yates, the acting attorney general, for refusing to defend his immigration order in court. Senator Charles E. Grassley of Iowa, the chairman of the Judiciary Committee, said in opening the hearing that there was still “no mystery” whether Mr. Sessions would be confirmed, since the Republicans hold a majority. He urged approval of Mr. Sessions as quickly as possible to restore leadership at the Justice Department. At Mr. Sessions’s nomination hearing this month, Democrats challenged him repeatedly about whether he would have the independence to stand up to Mr. Trump if the president veered into legally questionable terrain. Mr. Sessions assured the lawmakers that he would be able to “say no” to the president and would not be a “mere rubber stamp for the president. ” Mr. Sessions said he was not involved in drafting the contentious executive order on immigration. Republicans showed no sign of breaking rank as they defended Mr. Sessions, a friend of many senators who served alongside a number of them on the committee. The hearing evolved into dueling portraits of what Senator Patrick J. Leahy, Democrat of Vermont, called “two different people. ” Senator John Cornyn, the Texas Republican, scoffed at the “faux outrage” from Democrats who cast Ms. Yates’s stance as a “a   act of political courage. ” Democrats, he said, were unfairly making Mr. Sessions the target of their anger because they “still seem to be upset about the results of the election. ”",0
4159,German footballer does impressive keepie uppies with his chewing gum,"Next Prev Swipe left/right German footballer does impressive keepie uppies with his chewing gum While some of us have trouble chewing gum and walking at the same time, Borussia Dortmund player Felix Passlack can do some very impressive keepie uppies with his.",0
4160,ESPN Warned that Focus on Cable TV Reveals Failing Future Model - Breitbart,"As cable TV sports giant ESPN continues to contract with a massive loss of subscribers, and a corresponding loss of advertising income even as its budget continues to rise, some are warning that the network’s focus on cable TV is a very bad business model going into the future. [ESPN has lost an astounding 12 million subscribers since 2011, according to a lengthy new analysis of the network’s status by Bloomberg.  Indeed, in the final quarter of 2016 the network lost 621, 000 subscribers in a single month, the most it has ever lost at one time. The sports network’s losses drove down the stock of network owner Disney by seven percent last year. Faced with the fall in subscribers and the consequent drop in advertising revenue, ESPN recently announced a major round of layoffs to save what was reported as “tens of millions” of budget dollars. It was later revealed that the layoffs will affect mostly   talent. The fall of ESPN coincides with the rise of liberal political content seen on the air, content many say is driving even more subscribers away. The complaints about the liberal politics being ladled over its sports coverage became so pervasive that the network’s ombudsman, Jim Brady, felt pressured to write an extensive article about the problem on the network’s website. But, as Bloomberg notes, the network faces another, more   problem. The way Americans consume entertainment  —   especially sports  —   is in flux with many dumping cable TV and relying more on the internet, and streaming video on mobile devices. ESPN, it appears, is so focused on its pay TV business model that it is failing to keep up with the customers’ needs. In response to this charge, though, ESPN executives insist that the move to “cut the cord” is exaggerated, Bloomberg says. While other cable TV networks are now offering streaming services, ESPN has found it difficult to emulate the model. HBO, for instance, charges a $15 a month fee for customers to watch its programming over the internet. But, ESPN would drown with such a low fee. According to Bloomberg, to pay its budget, ESPN would need 43 million customers paying $15 a month to survive with internet services. It is an unrealistic number. A major budget problem are the exorbitant fees that the network has to pay to the various leagues for broadcast rights. ESPN’s broadcast fees amount to more money than many networks spend on their entire budget. As ESPN’s future continues to be questionable, one solution would be for the leagues to understand that the days of the billions in broadcast rights it had been seeing are likely coming to an end. In the future, those fees will simply have to be cut if the leagues want to stay on broadcast TV and internet services. It all portends a future where professional sports will be earning far less money than it has been used to seeing, and that this gravy train is probably coming to an end. Follow Warner Todd Huston on Twitter @warnerthuston or email the author at igcolonel@hotmail. com.",0
4161,Life: Lucky Break: This Teen Boy Just Got Another 4 Years To Plan His Viral Coming-Out Video,"Email 
This kid just seriously hit the jackpot. 
Fifteen-year-old Taylor Hutton has known that he’s gay for as long as he can remember, and over the past few months he’s been working up the courage to finally tell his friends and family the truth. Taylor even planned to film some of those moments and post them on YouTube, in hopes that they might help other kids going through a similar experience. But just when this teen was ready to stop hiding who he really is, something incredible happened: Donald Trump and Mike Pence were elected into the White House, and Taylor just got another four years to plan his viral coming-out video! 
Um, luckiest teen ever? 
Up until now, Taylor figured he’d just prop his iPhone up to record the moment he came out to his parents, but after watching the presidential election results come in last night, Taylor knew that he needed to scrap that plan immediately. This lucky teen now has until at least 2020 before he can safely come out of the closet, and that’s more than enough time to come up with the sort of next-level viral video idea that could seriously break the internet! 
Instead of releasing some half-baked, hastily edited video on his YouTube channel this spring, Taylor will now get to spend at least the next four years of a Trump/Pence administration dreaming up the most heartwarming and totally shareable coming-out video imaginable. And depending on how the next election goes, this kid just might get the chance to keep brainstorming camera angles and staging options in his head until he’s well into his mid-20s or older. 
So awesome! With cameras only getting better and better, it’s possible that four years from now we’ll even get to witness Taylor finally arrive at some sort of peace with himself in stunning, crystal-clear 8K resolution. 
Best of luck to you over the next four years, Taylor! We can’t wait for you to release that coming-out video as soon as doing so doesn’t put you under immediate danger from your own government. With all that extra time to plan it out, it’s going to be so great!",0
4162,The Ruling American Oligarchy,"PaulCraigRoberts.org October 29, 2016 
I am now convinced that the Oligarchy that rules America intends to steal the presidential election. In the past, the oligarchs have not cared which candidate won as the oligarchs owned both. But they do not own Trump. 
Most likely you are unaware of what Trump is telling people as the media does not report it. A person who speaks like this is not endeared to the oligarchs. 
Who are the oligarchs? 
—Wall Street and the mega-banks too big to fail and their agent the Federal Reserve, a federal agency that put 5 banks ahead of millions of troubled American homeowners who the federal reserve allowed to be flushed down the toilet. In order to save the mega-banks’ balance sheets from their irresponsible behavior, the Fed has denied retirees any interest income on their savings for eight years, forcing the elderly to draw down their savings, leaving their heirs, who have been displaced from employment by corporate jobs offshoring, penniless. 
—The military/security complex which has spent trillions of our taxpayer dollars on 15 years of gratuitous wars based entirely on lies in order to enrich themselves and their power. 
—The neoconservatives whose crazed ideology of US world hegemony thrusts the American people into military conflict with Russia and China. 
—The US global corporations that sent American jobs to China and India and elsewhere in order to enrich the One Percent with higher profits from lower labor costs. 
—Agribusiness (Monsanto et.al.), corporations that poison the soil, the water, the oceans, and our food with their GMOs, herbicides, pesticides, and chemical fertilizers, while killing the bees that pollinate the crops. 
—The extractive industries—energy, mining, fracking, and timber—that maximize their profits by destroying the environment and the water supply. 
—The Israel Lobby that controls US Middle East policy and is committing genocide against the Palestinians just as the US committed genocide against native Americans. Israel is using the US to eliminate sovereign countries that stand in Israel’s way. 
What convinces me that the Oligarchy intends to steal the election is the vast difference between the presstitutes’ reporting and the facts on the ground. 
According to the presstitutes, Hillary is so far ahead that there is no point in Trump supporters bothering to vote. Hillary has won the election before the vote. Hillary has been declared a 93% sure winner. 
I am yet to see one Hillary yard sign, but Trump signs are everywhere. Reports I receive are that Hillary’s public appearances are unattended but Trumps are so heavily attended that people have to be turned away. This is a report from a woman in Florida: 
“Trump has pulled huge numbers all over FL while campaigning here this week. I only see Trump signs and stickers in my wide travels. I dined at a Mexican restaurant last night. Two women my age sitting behind me were talking about how they had tried to see Trump when he came to Tallahassee. They left work early, arriving at the venue at 4:00 for a 6:00 rally. The place was already over capacity so they were turned away. It turned out that there were so many people there by 2:00 that the doors had to be opened to them. The women said that the crowds present were a mix of races and ages.” 
I know the person who gave me this report and have no doubt whatsoever as to its veracity. 
I also receive from readers similar reports from around the country. 
This is how the theft of the election is supposed to work: The media concentrated in a few corporate hands has gone all out to convince not only Americans but also the world, that Donald Trump is such an unacceptable candidate that he has lost the election before the vote. 
By controlling the explanation, when the election is stolen those who challenge the stolen election are without a foundation in the media. All media reports will say that it was a runaway victory for Hillary over the misogynist immigrant-hating Trump. 
And the liberal, progressive opinion will be a relieved and off guard as Hillary takes us into nuclear war. 
That the Oligarchy intends to steal the election from the American people is verified by the officially reported behavior of the voting machines in early voting in Texas. The NPR presstitutes have declared that Hillary is such a favorite that even Republican Texas is up for grabs in the election. 
If this is the case, why was it necessary for the voting machines to be programmed to change Trump votes to Hillary votes? Those voters who noted that they voted Trump but were recorded Hillary complained. The election officials, claiming a glitch (which only went one way), changed to paper ballots. But who will count them? No “glitches” caused Hillary votes to go to Trump, only Trump votes to go to Hillary. 
The most brilliant movie of our time was The Matrix. This movie captured the life of Americans manipulated by a false reality, only in the real America there is insufficient awareness and no Neo, except possibly Donald Trump, to challenge the system. Americans of all stripes—academics, scholars, journalists, Republicans, Democrats, right-wing, left-wing, US Representatives, US Senators, Presidents, corporate moguls and brainwashed Americans and foreigners—live in a false reality. 
In the United States today a critical presidential election is in the process in which not a single important issue is addressed by Hillary and the presstitutes. This is a total failure. Democracy, once the hope of the world, has totally failed in the United States of America. Trump is correct. The American people must restore the accountability of government to the people. The Best of Paul Craig Roberts Tags: Paul Craig Roberts, a former Assistant Secretary of the US Treasury and former associate editor of the Wall Street Journal, has been reporting shocking cases of prosecutorial abuse for two decades. A new edition of his book, The Tyranny of Good Intentions , co-authored with Lawrence Stratton, a documented account of how americans lost the protection of law, has been released by Random House. Visit his website . Copyright © 2016 Paul Craig Roberts",0
4163,Florida Election Worker Goes Public With Massive Voter Fraud Happening Right Now - USAPoliticsNow,"usapoliticsnow admin 2016 Election , US News 
Voter fraud has been a running theme in this election with the Democratic party and will continue to be through the election. Trump has been warning voters for months about fraud and it’s certainly happening, especially in swing states like Florida. 
This time around, absentee ballots are being fraudulently filled out in Democratic Broward County, Florida, which was just discovered with a sworn testimony via affidavit. The witness describes going into a back room where SOE employees were sitting at a table with stacks of absentee ballots, filling them out assembly line style. 
Here’s a larger version of the section listed in the Tweet… 
Newsmax reports, According to the affidavit, the former employee alleged that on Monday about 8:30 p.m. she had been told to take a stack of absentee ballot forms to what is known as the Pitney-Bowes Room at the Supervisor of Elections (SOE) office in Lauderhill, Fla. Through the locked door’s window, she saw four workers sitting at a table in the room with “stacks of documents and writing something,” according to the affidavit. 
She knocked on the door — and an SOE worker opened the door, took the stack from her “and closed the door,” she alleged. “The employee seemed very rushed.” When the former employee returned a short time later with a second stack, the woman was allowed into the room. 
Newsmax reports, According to the affidavit, the former employee alleged that on Monday about 8:30 p.m. she had been told to take a stack of absentee ballot forms to what is known as the Pitney-Bowes Room at the Supervisor of Elections (SOE) office in Lauderhill, Fla. 
Through the locked door’s window, she saw four workers sitting at a table in the room with “stacks of documents and writing something,” according to the affidavit. She knocked on the door — and an SOE worker opened the door, took the stack from her “and closed the door,” she alleged. “The employee seemed very rushed.” When the former employee returned a short time later with a second stack, the woman was allowed into the room. 
",0
4164,Hillary Is 70 Days Away From Controlling All Food and Water,"

 
If Clinton is elected, Obama will hand her the power of a dictator.
Upon Inauguration Day, Clinton will have the power to to the following:
 
As President, Hillary Clinton Would Have the Power to Enact Slave Labor According to EO 13603, the President, or the head of any federal agency that he shall designate, can conscript â€œpersons of outstanding experience and ability without compensation,â€ in both â€œpeacetime and times of national emergency.â€ Â I can hear the Obama supporters now as they will write to me and say, â€œObama would never do that, you are drinking from the Kool-Aidâ€.Â Well, here it is, you can read it for yourself.
Sec.Â 502.Â Â Consultants.Â The head of each agency otherwise delegated functions under this order is delegated the authority of the President under sections 710(b) and (c) of the Act, 50 U.S.C. App. 2160(b), (c),Â to employ persons of outstanding experience and ability without compensationÂ and to employ experts, consultants, or organizations.Â The authority delegated by this section may not be redelegated. 
Hillary Will Have the Power to Nationalize All American Food and Food Production Through Executive Order 13603, Obama has granted himself the authority control all food and now has the unique ability to starve America into submission as it relates to his handing the country off to the bankers in the name of perpetuating the New World Order and ridding the planet of the weak and those who will not willingly go along with the intentional destruction of America. Here are some of the key provisions of EO 13603 and its impact on the control of the American food supply.
With the stroke of his pen, Obama has total and absolute control over all food where hisÂ EO 13603 Â states: 
e)Â â€œFood resourcesâ€ means all commodities and products, (simple, mixed, or compound), or complements to such commodities or products, that are capable of being ingested by either human beings or animals, irrespective of other uses to which such commodities or products may be put, at all stages of processing from the raw commodity to the products thereof in vendible form for human or animal consumption.Â â€œFood resourcesâ€ also means potable water packaged in commercially marketable containers, all starches, sugars, vegetable and animal or marine fats and oils, seed, cotton, hemp, and flax fiber, but does not mean any such material after it loses its identity as an agricultural commodity or agricultural product. (f)Â â€œFood resource facilitiesâ€ means plants, machinery, vehicles (including on farm), and other facilities required for the production, processing, distribution, and storage (including cold storage) of food resources, and for the domestic distribution of farm equipment and fertilizerâ€Śâ€ 
This unconstitutional EO is particularly disturbing in that it clearly states that the government has control over anything that is â€œcapable of being ingested by either human beings or animalsâ€Śâ€Â If you thought that you and Fido were going to get through the coming food crisis by storing and consuming dog food, think again.
It is important to assess how devastating this Executive Order could prove to be to the American people though a brief assessment of Americaâ€™s food vulnerability.
This is only the tip of the iceberg. Listen to Dave Hodges describe just how dangerous Clinton could be if elected.

 
L ike what we do?Â Please consider donating to The Common Sense Show â€“ CLICK HERE 
More Critical Reads You Need to SeeÂ by Dave Hodges! Click Here!Â 
Subscribe to My Website at: Â www.thecommonsenseshow.com 
Check Me out OnÂ Youtube 
Check out our radio show on Sunday nights which airs on Global Star Radio Network from 8pm-11pm Eastern. The following icon is located in the upper left hand corner of our 

Next Guest:Â STEVE QUAYLE, DOUG HAGMANN, JOE HAGMANN 
 

This is the absolute best in food storage. Dave Hodges is a satisfied customer. FOR A SHORT TIME, WE ARE OFFERING 5% OFF OF ALL PURCHASES-USE COUPON CODE â€œhodgesnov5â€ Donâ€™t wait until it is too late.Â Â Click Here Â for more information. 
If the bad guy has night vision and you donâ€™t he wins. Donâ€™t be a victim, find out more byÂ Â CLICKING HERE Â Â 


From the Hagmann blood sugar protocol to the Hodges joint protocol, Dr. Broer has helped hundreds of thousands of people. There is something for everybody atÂ Healthmasters.com . Â Â FOR COMMON SENSE SHOW LISTENERS YOU CAN TAKE 5% OFF ALL NEW ORDERS. SIMPLY USE THE COUPON CODE â€œHODGESâ€ 
Â Â 

The sane alternative to Facebook 
Seen.Life-The Facebook alternative- no censorship, no spyingâ€“ SIGN UP HERE By Dave Hodges | N ",0
4165,Comment on The New York Times Calls For Obama To Support A UN Resolution That Would Divide The Land Of Israel by MaxRockatansky33,"10 Signs That An All-Out Attempt Is Being Made To Sabotage The Trump Campaign Michael’s Latest Video The New York Times Calls For Obama To Support A UN Resolution That Would Divide The Land Of Israel   October 9th, 2016 
While most Americans are focused on the endless circus surrounding Donald Trump and Hillary Clinton , a drama of earth-shattering importance is playing out behind the scenes. Most people seem to assume that we don’t have to be concerned about Barack Obama anymore because his second term is scheduled to end in a few months, but the truth is that an absolutely critical decision is in his hands right now. Both Donald Trump and Hillary Clinton have said that they will not support a proposed UN Security Council resolution that would formally establish a Palestinian state, that would set the parameters for the new state, and that would grant them East Jerusalem as their capital. So at this moment there is a tremendous amount of international pressure on Barack Obama to support such a resolution, because the U.S. veto power on the UN Security Council is the only thing standing in the way of formally dividing the land of Israel. I wrote about this in August , in September , and now I am writing about it again in October. If Obama is going to do this, it needs to happen by January 20th, 2017, and so for the next few months we are officially in “the danger zone”. 
On Thursday, the New York Times editorial board added their voice to the growing chorus of those calling for a “parameters resolution” in a piece entitled “ At the Boiling Point With Israel “… 
The best idea under discussion now would be to have the United Nations Security Council, in an official resolution , lay down guidelines for a peace agreement covering such issues as Israel’s security, the future of Jerusalem , the fate of Palestinian refugees and borders for both states . 
In the article, the New York Times editorial board also strongly endorsed the U.S. State Department’s recent condemnation of Israel’s plan to build new housing units in the West Bank. 
I have included the official State Department statement on this matter below. Just like Barack Obama did at the UN recently , the State Department referred to Israel’s presence in the West Bank as an “occupation”… 
We strongly condemn the Israeli government’s recent decision to advance a plan that would create a significant new settlement deep in the West Bank. 
Proceeding with this new settlement, which could include up to 300 units, would further damage the prospects for a two state solution. The retroactive authorization of nearby illegal outposts, or redrawing of local settlement boundaries, does not change the fact that this approval contradicts previous public statements by the Government of Israel that it had no intention of creating new settlements. And this settlement’s location deep in the West Bank, far closer to Jordan than Israel, would link a string of outposts that effectively divide the West Bank and make the possibility of a viable Palestinian state more remote. 
It is deeply troubling, in the wake of Israel and the U.S. concluding an unprecedented agreement on military assistance designed to further strengthen Israel’s security, that Israel would take a decision so contrary to its long term security interest in a peaceful resolution of its conflict with the Palestinians. Furthermore, it is disheartening that while Israel and the world mourned the passing of President Shimon Peres, and leaders from the U.S. and other nations prepared to honor one of the great champions of peace, plans were advanced that would seriously undermine the prospects for the two state solution that he so passionately supported. 
Israelis must ultimately decide between expanding settlements and preserving the possibility of a peaceful two state solution. Since the recent Quartet report called on both sides to take affirmative steps to reverse current trends and advance the two state solution on the ground, we have unfortunately seen just the opposite. Proceeding with this new settlement is another step towards cementing a one-state reality of perpetual occupation that is fundamentally inconsistent with Israel’s future as a Jewish and democratic state . Such moves will only draw condemnation from the international community, distance Israel from many of its partners, and further call into question Israel’s commitment to achieving a negotiated peace. 
As you can see on the official State Department website , that press release was issued on October 5th. 
At the exact same time, Hurricane Matthew was rapidly gaining strength, and it ultimately became the first category 5 hurricane to form in the Atlantic since 2007. It proceeded to slam into the southeastern United States, causing billions of dollars of damage in the process. The following comes from Wikipedia … 
Preparations began in earnest across the southeastern United States as Matthew approached, with several states declaring a state of emergency for either entire states or coastal counties; widespread evacuations were ordered for extensive areas of the coast. On October 6, U.S. President Barack Obama declared a federal state of emergency for Florida. [1] The federal disaster declaration was later extended to include Georgia and South Carolina. [2] In Florida, over 1 million lost power as the storm passed to the east, with 478,000 losing power in Georgia and South Carolina. 
When will we learn? 
For decades the pattern has always been the same. Every time we come against Israel, the consequences are immediate and they are dramatic. 
Unfortunately, our leaders never seem to learn, and now we stand on the precipice of perhaps the biggest betrayal of Israel of all time. Here is more from the New York Times about why they believe it is important to put “pressure” on Israel in the form of a UN Security Council resolution… 
The most plausible pressure would come from Mr. Obama’s leading the Security Council to put its authority behind a resolution to support a two-state solution and offer the outlines of what that could be. That may seem like a bureaucratic response unlikely to change anything, but it is the kind of political pressure Mr. Netanyahu abhors and has been working assiduously to prevent. 
No, such a resolution would not just be “a bureaucratic response”. 
A UN Security Council resolution would be legally binding on both Israel and the Palestinians, and whoever is elected in November would not be able to go back and undo it. 
Such a resolution would permanently divide the land of Israel, it would give formal UN recognition to a Palestinian state for the very first time, and it would hand East Jerusalem over to the Palestinians. 
And according to the Times of Israel , the UN Security Council could begin discussing these matters as soon as next Friday… 
The Security Council is expected to hold a session next Friday under the official banner: “The settlements as the obstacle to peace and a two-state solution.” 
The meeting, initiated by the Palestinians, is considered the opening salvo to a resolution condemning Israel for settlement activity. 
This process could result in just a resolution condemning Israeli settlement activity, but there is also a tremendous amount of concern that Obama could use this as an opportunity to “leave a legacy” in the Middle East. Here is more from the Times of Israel … 
Israeli government members have been worried that Obama, before leaving office in January but after a successor is chosen in November, may seek to impose or advance a solution to the Israeli-Palestinian conflict, or at least set out parameters for how it should be solved, including through the Security Council by not using the US veto for any anti-Israel resolutions . 
According to a Channel 2 report Thursday, an Israeli official charged that the “disproportionate criticism” from Washington over the latest construction plans was “an alibi” to cover plans by Obama to take anti-Israel actions in the final weeks of his presidency. 
If this happens, it will be the worst thing that Barack Obama has done during his entire time in the White House. 
Whether it is Barack Obama or someone else, the truth is that someday the U.S. government will have a major role in dividing the land of Israel, and it is one of the most important prophetic markers that we are watching for. 
Because once the land of Israel gets divided, all hell is going to break loose in America. 
I have discussed the potential consequences for dividing the land of Israel on television , and in my new book I warn about all of the historic disasters that are coming to this nation. 
If we get to January 20th and another president takes over and there has been no UN Security Council resolution, perhaps we can breathe a little bit of a sigh of relief. 
But if Barack Obama does what the New York Times and so many others are urging him to do, the consequences for this country and for the world will be absolutely unimaginable. 
So while you are keeping up with the latest insults that Trump and Clinton are hurling at one another, don’t forget about Obama, because what he decides to do regarding Israel in the months ahead is going to have dramatic implications for all of us. 
About the author: Michael Snyder is the founder and publisher of The Economic Collapse Blog and End Of The American Dream. Michael’s controversial new book about Bible prophecy entitled “The Rapture Verdict” is available in paperback and for the Kindle on Amazon.com.* Russia Is Preparing For A Nuclear War With The United States » watchmannonthewall 
Let’s see: If I remember correctly, Mr. Obama’s first visit to Israel came shortly after He was sworn in to begin his second term, about March of 2013. He never went there during his first term. 
He went to Jerusalem and encouraged college students to stand up to the Prime Minister, to seek “peace” the way Obama wanted it done, not the way Mr. Netanyahu publically stated it needed to come about. He sent advisors to the opposition to try and prop it up to keep the PM from being able to again form a goverment when Netanyahu called for early elections, while helping Israel’s enemies move right up to its borders in a number of places. He has been busy dividing the land of Israel, its people, for the last four years. Has anyone noticed he has done the same here, during the exact same period of time? Scipture says, “Do unto others as you would have them do unto you” and “Love your neighbor as you love yourself.” Those who don’t care for scripture say it this way, “What goes around, comes around.” Either way, the outcome is the same! iris 
It certainly appears that he has wanted Israel’s demise all along. GIVVO6_B 
Unfortunately he doesn’t and his Mentor Rahm Emanuel (ex Israeli soldier) would not allow it. A.S. 
If G-f forbid, Israel is divided, I said this once and I said this again. When the Gaza expulsion happened, a day later Katrina happened. Around 10,000 Jews were lost their homes when expelled. Around 100,000 Americans lost their homes. 
This time, it will not be 10x, but 40x. 40 is a mystical number in Judaism. It is the number that relates to punishment and repentance. The rain lasted for 40 days during the flood. Moses was up on the mount for 40 days. The Jews were walking the desert for 40 years. This time, G-d will use 40x. 
According to a google search: The total population of all settlements in the West Bank was nearly 400,000 in 2014, excluding East Jerusalem. As of December 2015, altogether over 800,000 Israeli Jews resided over the 1949 Armistice Lines (including east-Jerusalem neighborhoods), constituting approximately 13% of Israel’s Jewish population. 
However, we are at the end of 2016 and I believe many people were accounted for, especially those that hold dual citizenship. I would put the number at about 1.25 million. If we take 1.25 M x 40 = 50 M. That is 50 million people that will lose their homes. So what may happen? 
California has about 50 million people. A 10.0 Earthquake could strike and destroying everything into rubble. The North East U.S. has about 50 million people. Another hurricane could strike, this time flooding everything by about 10 feet of water. The area around the New Madrid fault line has about 50 million people. The Earthquake could strike and destroy everything. Or maybe the Yellowstone volcano will erupt, burying by 10 feet of ash 1/3 of the U.S. That is way more than 50 million people, but G-d loves Israel and doesn’t look at what happens from his vengeance. 
So take your pick people. Who is willing to offer themselves to be the sacrifice? Will people in CA stand by Obama? They seem to be behind Hillary. Will people in the North East stand by Obama? They seem to be behind Hillary too! If you want to have your homes, schools, roads, malls, community, etc., then tell Obama “NO NO NO. Dividing Israel will be the death of us.” 
I hope Obama is listening. Because his legacy may just well be something like the state of California being turned into rubble. The North East being flooded with 10 feet of water. The midwest begin turned into rubble. 1/3 of the U.S. being buried with 10 feet of volcanic ash. How will Obama apologize for this? How will be come to the rescue? iris 
I agree with you, A.S., those who come against His chosen people and I believe that also includes those who have put their hope and trust in Yeshua of Bethlehem, will only curse themselves. It may not always be a physical torment or event, but I’ve lived long enough to see that hatred, arrogance and their associated behaviors, always end up destroying individuals, families, etc. He is faithful to all of His promises and His warnings are meant to be taken just as seriously. He is so much bigger than all of the theologies and doctrines man can come up with, greater than our challenges, fears, sins and sorrows. GIVVO6_B 
You mean like the hatred shown by land stealing mass murdering Jews towards the Palestinian natives of Palestine. PK Hodges 
The Palestinians, also known as Hamas, ISIS, Islamics, Syrian refugees, and many other names (but always Islamic by religion) are none other than ye old Canaanites. David described them in Psalm 83 (Plus allies).The ancient families who inhabited the land that God took from them because they served other gods, created ones, and not Him. He renamed this land “The Promised Land.” He took it and gave it to tiny Israel, His own people. This is the background. Now that we are in the very last pages of Revelation, and Jesus is coming back very, very soon (no, not someday. He’s closer than someday. He’s almost here.), they are back for revenge. They are the 10 horns on the Beast. These guys, these horns or kingdoms are described to John as “was is not (Islam was not around in John’s day. Neither were any other Canaanite kingdom), will be again shortly.” I call them the One Hour Kingdom. That’s what they are prophetically. They are here for one brief hour, but in that time, they will destroy wonderfully as Daniel puts it. You could say they are the Hitmen for the Beast because they have given the Beast their authority and power in exchange for the promise that they will again have a kingdom. Of course, the Beast cannot give what it doesn’t have to give, but they are sure giving it a go. Don’t you think? Theirs is a virtual kingdom in the devil’s virtual fairytale kingdom of today, but it sure does look real, feel real and sound real. (The lie always does). Those refugees (often referred to as rapeugees) are pouring into Europe, and whereever they go, the Governments there are giving them full support. In fact, they are bending over backwards to please them: handing them money, food, clothing, the best places to live, and punishing any person who speaks against the chaos, the havoc, the riiots, the rapes, the murders that are happening in these nations. 
Meanwhile, back last year, on the last day of September 2015, two flags were symbolically raised together (united stand…Well, okay, as united as kingdoms who love hate and hate love can be). The flags were raised over the UN building. Whose flags were they anyway? The two flags were none other than the Vatican, the small horn (smallest kingdom in the world, also known as a city-state), and Palestine (the kingdom that is a virtual kingdom for one hour). 
Nest thing we know is that the world is preaching Islam even more than before. What I mean by preaching is that they are promoting it in every way, shape and form they can. Anyone that protests against Islam is called what? Islamaphobic or Zenophobic or Nazis. 
Obama even gave the One Hour kingdom a big promotion in his most recent State of the Union address. Yep, they want the land god took from them back, but not by humbling themselves before the One true God and the Son He sent to save all whom call on His name. In fact, they point blank refuse to recognise the son of God as being the Son of God. No.They want to steal the land.. They want revenge. The leaders of Islam preach revenge. Tell me, if you’ve never had something in the first place, how could it be called as revenge? Revenge is trying to get even for something from the past. Revenge is trying to get back something that used to be yours. 
But, are they settling for the area called the Promised Land. No, Siree. Why do that when a Caliphate, a world wide kingdom is so much bigger and better? Keep watching. The Word of God is being fulfilled and will be fulfilled to the letter. Do not believe every thing you are hearing in the world. Those guys speak with twisted mouths. Our bproblem is we’ve been taking the word of scientists and newsmen, the world’s wisemen, as the gospel truth, and placing it above what God’s Word says. Make sure you take every word, everything you hear and compare it to the what the Bible says about it. No conclusion jumping allowed. No opinions. There is only one truth. Not many versions of the truth. (Note: the Word of God is written by many men but inspired by One God who is not schizophrenic.) “You’ll shall know the truth and the truth shall make you free.” Get into the Word. Say it. Pray it. Believe it over anything you hear, see or feel. Believe it and do it (act on it, live it). And then?:Wait before the Lord. And Let Him show you what is truth and what is not. We cannot find truth in a world that is following a dragon who is the Father of lies, theories and opinions, and false predictions). God wants us to know the truth, so that we will be prepared. He will unlock His word and give us greater understanding so that we can endure in faith till the end and be saved. chief white eunuch 
Your comment is too long to read but the Islamics are descendants of Ishmael & Bible calls them wild. They could be Canaanite descent but I think that mainly refers to descendants of Cain. GIVVO6_B 
Utter nonsense! The Palestinians are the people of the land who previously worshiped at the Temple and then converted to Christianity. chief white eunuch 
Palestinians are Arabs. GOOGLE SEARCH + google images Most Arabs seem to be Muslim. Over 50% of Muslims believe in Sharia Law!!! 
Ishmaelites iris 
yep. They’ve killed everyone else off, too, including most of the Christians and Jews outside of Israel, which lived in enclaves in the ME for a very long time, until about 30 years ago and counting, that is. JF 
The ancient Romans gave the lands of Judea and Samaria that name. It never existed before then. iris 
True. JF, you probably know this, but the Brits double crossed Disraeli after he basically saved their behinds in the 1800s. All he asked for in return was a homeland for his people. He died in 1881 without that promise they made to him, being kept. Israel didn’t get a homeland again until 1947, took effect in 1948. But, the Brits and others, conveniently chopped up areas of “Palestine”, (even affected countries like Nigeria), all to do with natural resources of the countries they had overseen for so long, especially, oil (British Petroleum). I don’t think they expected or probably even wanted, Israel to make it this long. I think they fully expected that the war which was instigated by surrounding Arab nations the day after Israel’s statehood came into effect, would be quick and decisive. God had a different idea though, and has been fulfilling prophecy about the end times. Those born in 1947 on, are the “generation which will see all these things come to pass”, because like it or not, that fig tree, Israel, has again put forth, just as Jesus said would happen. carson 
so hamas is christian? If you called a hamas’er a christian he’d probably beat you silly or worse… 
Did many palestinians ‘disappear’ when hamas came to full power? 
And what is the right of return that is taught in arab/palestinian countries, and what if a palestinaian speaks against it..etc etc etc. 
so the folks who stayed and celebrated and followed hamas are christians? 
Or did what christians were there flee and or go underground or were disappeared. 
and if christians are a minority in every other nation why would they be a majority in gaza area? 
oh so many questions, worth looking into if one is duped into thinking gaza is full of christians. 
And aside from that and no matter should we be praying and preaching the gospel to all, palestinians included, arabs, muslims and all..eternity is forever, it’s not about this world or it’s tribes or gangs, it’s about Christ and who will escape the wrath of God for sin and unbelief/rejection of Christ. iris 
ha ha ha … The award for dumbest comment goes to …PK Hodges greanfinisher . 
I see absolutely nothing wrong at all with a U.N. resolution mandating the creation of a Palestinian state provided that it also includes the recognition of Israel’s existence. JF 
That land, and much more actually, was given to the Jewish people for all eternity. www.tomatobubble.com 
No, it wasn’t. Plus, the Jewish people of today are impostors who have no genetic link to the ancient Hebrews anyway. They are not the same people. iris 
Some simple DNA testing of those living in and outside of Israel who claim Jewish heritage, will dispel that myth. There are many Arabs living in Israel, although they too, have Semitic bloodlines. Funny, most Arabs living in Israel know how good they’ve got it, and don’t want to leave. I’m sure there are also plenty of purposefully placed Arab trouble makers there, however. iris 
And UN shills. watchmannonthewall 
One thousand years with the Lord is as a day, so said Peter and David. It has not quite been 2 days since He left to return to His Father and so that is how He is coming quickly. 
Understand the prophesy within the writiings of John where Jesus spent 2 days, 2,000 years, with the Samaritan woman, the GENTILE, at the well (giving out Living Water) before he went back into Galilee, after beginning His ministry in Jerusalem at Passover. 
There is a reason Hosea writes, “Come, let us return unto the LORD: for He has torn, and He will heal us; He has smitten, He will bind us up. After TWO DAYS He will revive us; in the THIRD day, He will raise us up and, and we will live in His sight.” (Hosea 6:1-2) 
After the two days comes the third day. This is the day we will live in His sight and is also the same day we are revived. This is the “day” we become the nation He intended for us to become at Sinai. Why? Because His Word doesn’t return unto Him void but accomplishes the purpose for which He sent it! Sinai hasn’t yet been fulfilled! 
This “day” is counted from His death and resurrection, and begins about 2030 C.E. This “day” is just around the corner and we will live in His sight as He rules from Jerusalem. 
It is also the 7th day, or the Sabbath rest for the people of God which the writer of Hebrews speaks of in Hebrews 4. Jesus, Yeshua, is also “LORD of the Sabbath”, the 7th millennium. He is its KING of Kings and LORD of Lords! 
The key to interpreting scripture is to know how the Father defines HIS terms. We should not pay attention to man’s definitions of terms. Doing so will only lead us astray in our doctrine, and it has. www.tomatobubble.com 
Who cares? The earthly, anti-Christ state of Israel has no place in God’s plan. The Israelites of the Old testament have been replaced by the Christian church in the New Testament as God’s chosen people. 
Galatians 3:29. “And if you are Christ’s then you are Abraham’s seed, and heirs according to the promise.” All the promises of scripture are for God’s people. Today Christians are that people if they “continue in His (God’s) goodness.” Rom. 11:22 . Jim Davis 
Who cares, indeed. If you care more about Israel’s borders than you own country’s borders, well, you might just be a cuckservative! iris 
You cited Romans. According to Paul, and I believe the Old and New Testaments are inspired and authoritative, then if you are a Gentile Christian, you are grafted into Israel. Their olive tree bears you. If God has forsaken them, He could just as flippantly (according to your theology) forsake you, for your sin put Jesus Christ on the Cross, also. But He is faithful to His promises, and His unconditional election. According to Romans 11, He has concluded all under sin, so that He might show mercy to all. You have extrapolated in your isogesis, putting in a figurative Greek interpretation of something which is meant to be taken literally. iris 
Yeshua, Jewish, also all of the apostles and the first evangelists. In Romans 11, Paul foretold of the fulfillment of prophecy which is to come, that all of Israel will someday come to faith in Him as Messiah, witnessed by Zechariah. There was much anti Semitism in place among Greeks during the 2nd century, when Supersessionism, also known as Replacement Theology, took hold. It insidiously made its way into the beginnings of the RCC, and its poison was pervasive in the European culture which influenced Luther and Calvin. That didn’t make it canonical by any means. The Biblical concepts of God’s love, election, grace and mercy are connected, not allegorical, not related to a flippant Greek mythological god. Yeshua still loves His people and when one dismisses them in the way that Replacement Theology does, God Himself is not only dismissed, it pierces “the apple of His eye”. www.tomatobubble.com 
Whatever, keep on in your delusion. The Christian church is the true Israel, not the current earthly Israel. Jews can be saved by converting to Christianity, apart from that they are God’s enemies. GIVVO6_B 
Yeshua as you call him named the Jews as “Whited walls, full of dead men’s bones” He also said they were of their father the Devil, who was liar and a murderer from the beginning. You don’t really know anything about Christianity at all do you? It is certainly clear you do not read and understand what is written in the New Testament. carson 
john 8:44 was summed up in john 8:42.. If God were your Father you would love Me..said Jesus. 
But with the replacement’ers the gentiles/chinamen or those of mayan descent or south pacific islanders descent or african or anyone but jews..all get a free pass from having the devil as their father even though they too do not love Christ? Wake up and stop listening to what tickles the ears. 
also if the church has replaced israel then joel 3:2 reads really odd..for my heritage Israel (for my heritage the church? Since you say the church/believers have replaced israel) whom they have scattered..(so the church was scattered?) and parted my land…what? what land? the ‘land’ doesn’t matter per the replacement’ers theory, what land could God be talking about..etc etc. 
and romans 11:26-28..as concerning the gospel they are enemies for your sakes, but as touching the election they are beloved for the fathers sake…enemies for your? sake? Yet BELOVED? It’s not hard to figure out when you read the whole chapter and the rest of the bible, the book of acts as another one, after Christ was hung on a cross and after He ascended keeps repeating how God is attempting to save israel/jews to that day, this is after the event of Christ supposedly shutting out israel/the jews for ever more, so if their shut out why is God still saving them in the book of acts and after and still to this day and the event/day that’s coming due, that day of romans 11:26. 
it’s clear the replacement’ers have it wrong just from 3 area’s of verses not to mention the many more truths/verses. iris 
Perfectly said, thank you, carson. Only those who put their trust and hope in Yeshua of Bethlehem as God come in the flesh and their savior because of what He did for us on the Tree, have a reconciled relationship with God, but to reinterpret Scripture and state that God has annulled an irrevocable promise He has made, slaps Him in the face. carson 
Hi iris..God bless you! 
It’s also odd and that people don’t stop and think..in their youth they too walked in darkness and evil and ruined the world and ruined their surroundings, same stuff they blame only the jews for in smaller scale. And yet God had mercy and granted them faith in Christ (if indeed they be in Christ at all). iris 
Absolutely. It amazes me that replacers have such an adamant faith in the doctrine of election, but can only apply it to themselves. I’ve shared your same observation about their concept of mercy; if they grasp the concept, but can’t share it, that reminds me of Jesus’ statement of not being forgiven if one does not forgive. White supremacy groups and radical jihadists share this same self righteous attitude against Jews and Israel, what does that say? Imo, it’s a good example of a mental assent “profession” of Christian faith, but with no heart change; no empathy, no mercy, no love. 
If there were a personal relationship with Him through faith in God’s great grace, mercy and love, given for us all and displayed to us all by His reconciling, atoning death, and that, when we were all still His enemies, according the the very Jewish Paul, then thanksgiving, humility, awe and worship of God, would be quite evident. They would reflect Jesus and point to Him, not vaunt themselves and single out a people group for judgement and wrath according to their taken out of context understandings of Scripture. 
Perhaps they don’t have much awareness of the depth of their own depravity, which ironically, replacers are also always talking about. They need to get a small glimpse of the pain they have caused their Jewish Messiah’s heart by hating His people. He died on purpose for replacers, white supremacists and radical jihadists, too, however. God bless you, also, carson! carson 
Hi iris, good observations and I’ve noticed the same, also how through many’s own speech it comes out that their hearts are very much tied to this present world and it’s kingdoms and as the world fails they pick up a scapegoat to blame for the worlds failing. Loving the world blinds a person and leads to scapegoating..hope they wake up to the devils snares and get free in Christ Jesus! Yep know them by their fruits. JF 
And he still loves his chosen people regardless of what man says. iris 
Yep, He loves all people, and requires us to love Him with everything we have and are. If we really know Him, we’ll love Him in return, love all people, and as we love ourselves. “By their fruits, you shall know them”. Doesn’t mean we approve or help when it comes to sinful attitudes and behaviors, but we’ll love. JF 
Any real Christian recognizes our ties to Israel. Your church is definitely not a true church. The Jewish people are the ‘apple of God’s eye’ and God does not change his mind. www.tomatobubble.com 
Read Galatians 3:29. “And if you are Christ’s then you are Abraham’s seed, and heirs according to the promise.” 
The vast majority of Jews are not in Christ and most likely never will be, so how can they still be Abraham’s seed. iris 
That verse is talking about a spiritual truth, and while you are so correct if you realize that personal faith in Messiah is tantamount, the same writer of Galatians also wrote Romans, and he stated that one day, although for now they are “partially blinded” to the truth, the whole nation of Israel will recognize Him as their Messiah. Then, the physical and spiritual, irrevocable promise God made to them as a people, will be manifested. He’s not done with anyone, believer or not, until He calls it, and He hasn’t called it. Why can’t you have mercy on them, if He had mercy on you? Why can’t you recognize that even now, Israel is the safest haven in the ME for Christians and other religions, including practicing Muslims, as long as they obey the nation’s laws? The Christians there appreciate Israel. Jesus told us to pray for our enemies, so if you count Jews and Israel as such, you could do that. The Christians there, do. MaxRockatansky33 
Western Civilization is called Judeo-Chrisitan. We can’t allow that serpents of Crescent will destroy this. Darlene F. Burgi 
Most of Christ’s historical sites are on the portion the Palestinians are pushing for. They simply want to destroy these sites. I care. No it won’t have any bearing on my eternal soul, but we need to make sure these sacred sites are kept protected and open to Christians all over the world. iris 
I hope they’re protected, too, and all of the historical Jewish sites, also, but they’ve already destroyed some of those. Meanwhile, we get Roman arches of conquest and Nimrod statues paraded around the world. GIVVO6_B 
What a complete load of old bollocks that has been preached by religious numpties like you for 2,000 years. The kind of people that burned others at the stake and murdered the entire population of Jerusalem in 1099. thomas jefferson 
I watched as THE POPE had one arm of NETANYAHU,and OBAMA had his other arm,and they forced him to a table with a agreement to DIVIDE ISRAEL,and then forced him to sign it,dividing ISRAEL in to pieces,THEN THE LORD GOD OF HEAVEN ,DESTROYED ITALTY and THE UNITED STATES,new york was wipped off the map,you couldn’t even see where it had been,just miles of burned dirt in every direction……… MaxRockatansky33 
Again. The same article about dividing of Holy Land. There will be no Palestinian State. Netanyachu will not allow this to happen. Barack Hussein will not force this. Stop scaremongering. carson 
netanyahoo may not allow it, or then again…but either way it’s shown in joel 3:2 so will eventually happen. 
and from joel 3:12 Let the heathen be wakened, and come up to the valley of Jehoshaphat: for there will I sit to judge all the heathen round about, 3:14 Multitudes, multitudes in the valley of decision! For the day of the Lord is near in the valley of decision. and psalm 2 
Why do the heathen rage, and the people imagine a vain thing? 
2 
The kings of the earth set themselves, and the rulers take counsel together, against the LORD, and against his anointed, saying, 
3 
Let us break their bands asunder, and cast away their cords from us. 
4 
He that sitteth in the heavens shall laugh: the Lord shall have them in derision. MaxRockatansky33 
The Bible is the instruction for the Establishment. Hitler read Nostradamus prophecies and the Bible as well. iris 
That’d be great, Tatiana, if their daily, publicly repeated mantra, as well as Iran’s, and other nations, wasn’t calling for “Death to Israel, Death to Jews!”. They refuse peace talks, and every dialogue attempted has ended, as they consistently insisted that Israel had no right to exist. It’s a one sided deal on their part. RW 
Michael, Could this become the fulfillment of Daniel 9:27? Will this UN “peace” covenant be seven years in duration? Will it allow Israel to build the third Temple, which will sit slightly to the north of the Dome of the Rock Shrine, in line with the Eastern Gate in accordance to Revelation 11:1-2? 
– Institute of Biblical Defense Seattle, WA",0
4166,Comment on BBC targets children to promote the transgender propaganda by BBC targets children to promote the transgender propaganda — Fellowship of the Minds | childreninshadow.wordpress.com | CHILDREN IN SHADOW ::: CHILDREN IN WAR,"Posted on October 30, 2016 by DCG | 1 Comment 
From Daily Mail : The BBC has been accused of acting recklessly after targeting children as young as six with a programme about a schoolboy who takes sex-change drugs. 
Parents are angry that the show, available on the CBBC website, features a transgender storyline inappropriate for their children. 
And concerned campaigners said it could ‘sow the seeds of confusion’ in young minds. The programme, Just A Girl, depicts an 11-year-old’s struggle to get hormones that stunt puberty, making it easier to have sex-change surgery in the future . 
One mother, writing on the Mumsnet website, said her daughter had become worried after seeing the video . She said her girl, who likes wearing boys’ clothes and playing football, had ‘asked me, anxiously, if that means she was a boy’. 
Tory MP Peter Bone said: ‘It beggars belief that the BBC is making this programme freely available to children as young as six. I entirely share the anger of parents who just want to let children be children. 
‘It is completely inappropriate for such material to be on the CBBC website and I shall be writing to BBC bosses to demand they take it down as soon as possible.’ 
Former Culture Secretary Maria Miller voiced her concerns over the BBC tackling the subject in ‘an age-appropriate way’, saying such issues should be raised ‘where children can have support from parents’. 
And Tory MP Julian Brazier said: ‘This programme is very disappointing and inappropriate. Children are very impressionable and this is going to confuse and worry them. ’ 
Family campaigner Norman Wells said: ‘It is irresponsible of the BBC to introduce impressionable children as young as six to the idea that they can choose to be something other than their biological sex.’ 
Just A Girl is the fictional video diary of a child who calls herself ‘Amy’ and dresses as a girl. It is hosted on the CBBC website, aimed at children aged between six and 12 . 
In the half-hour programme, Amy – played by an actress – reveals she was born a boy called Ben but has already started using puberty-halting drugs. 
Such hypothalamic blockers provoked a furore two years ago when The Mail on Sunday revealed an NHS clinic was willing to give them to children as young as nine. 
Critics cited research claiming that most teenagers confused about their gender never go through with surgery, with many realising they are gay. The BBC row comes amid growing controversy over gender issues, fuelled by a number of high-profile cases. 
In one, a Christian couple were threatened with having their 14-year-old daughter taken away because they oppose her plans to become a boy. In another, a seven-year-old boy was ordered to be removed from his mother’s care as ‘she was raising him as female’, causing him ‘a great deal of emotional harm’. 
In Just A Girl, Amy says: ‘When I was born, Mum said Dad was so pleased that he had a boy to take to the football. But Mum knew I was different. She realised early on that I was born in the wrong body.’ 
She adds: ‘My Mum supported me when I did a PowerPoint presentation to my class about transitioning and that I wasn’t going to come to school in boys’ clothes any more, but girls’ clothes. I wasn’t Ben, I was Amy.’ 
Later Amy is shown telling a friend, Josh – a boy who wants to be recognised as a girl – that she is on hormone blockers, saying it took ‘ages’ to get them after ‘loads of tests and talks at the clinic’. ‘Once they realised I was trans for real, [I] got them,’ she says. In another entry, Amy tells viewers she has developed a crush on a boy called Liam, but confides: ‘Liam thinks I’m just a girl, but I’m not. I’m trans. And what’s he going to say if he finds out? Stop being my friend? Why? I’m still me, aren’t I?’ 
Child psychotherapist Dr. Dilys Daws said the programme could confuse children. She said that, while it was natural for youngsters to wonder what it would be like to be the opposite sex, the BBC was irresponsible to feature the ‘extreme’ step of gender change for six-year-olds because they were too young to grapple with such issues . 
The programme generated hundreds of comments on Mumsnet. One mother, who said her seven-year-old had watched the show, asked: ‘Am I being unreasonable to think this is an inappropriate topic for a young age group?’ 
Another replied: ‘Don’t think this is remotely suitable for a seven-year-old. To start suggesting that children can be transgender when they’re far too young to actually have a gender is reckless and damaging. A small boy who is told that he can become a girl may take this as meaning that sex changes are possible, that sometime in the future he’ll wake up with a girl’s body.’ 
Another user added: ‘I don’t think hormone therapy should be normalised any more than 12-year-olds drinking or doing recreational drugs should be normalised.’ 
Other critics slammed the BBC. Mr Wells, director of the Family Education Trust, said: ‘The more we promote the idea that a boy can be born into a girl’s body and a girl can be born into a boy’s body, and that drugs and surgery can put things right, the more children will become utterly confused. Respecting and preserving a child’s birth sex should be seen as a child protection issue. ’ 
But some parents on Mumsnet were more positive. One wrote: ‘I don’t believe there is “too young” for stuff like this. The earlier you teach your children that everyone is different and that nobody is “normal” the better.’ 
Dr .Polly Carmichael, a clinical psychologist specialising in transgender children, said: ‘Raising awareness of these issues is the best way to challenge stigma and discrimination associated with identity issues. Programmes like Just A Girl can contribute to a healthy and informed public discussion. ’ 
The BBC said: ‘Just A Girl is about a fictional transgender character trying to make sense of the world, deal with bullying and work out how to keep her friends, which are universal themes that many children relate to, and which has had a positive response from our audience. CBBC aims to reflect true life, providing content that mirrors the lives of as many UK children as possible. ’ 
DCG",0
4167,Celebrity Deathmatch: Darkmoon Sages Make Their Final Predictions on US Election,"Is Trump the lesser of two evils or are both candidates equally unelectable? 
THE GREAT DEBATE BEGINS: We’ll know who is right tomorrow! 
SARDONICUS (to Flopot) : I know it makes your blood boil to consider the “lesser of two evils” scenario. But LD has always been a conscientious non-voter and is therefore unlikely to be voting for either Trump or Hillary. Nor am I for that matter, since I am a UK resident and do not get to vote in the American elections. 
You really must reconcile yourself, Flopot, to the fact that Hillary is held in such visceral loathing that her millions of haters feel they have no option but to vote for her opponent, Donald Trump, even though they are aware of the Donald’s many faults and his Zionist connections. 
It’s either not voting at all or voting for the lesser of two evils. 
FLOPOT : You don’t understand the meaning of “lesser of two evils”. It is a con trick; it doesn’t exist. Donald will pursue the same globalist wars and cultural revolutions as any other Zionist puppet. It is a meme that exists to get your consent to continue the same evil. 
HARBINGER: Hear hear. Exactly Flopot. As I’ve stated umpteen times, Trump is good cop, Hillary is bad. But sadly, Sardonicus does not see the ‘grand plan’ even though the likes of Zbigniew Brzezinski and Carroll Quigley do, both very much part of that process. 
There is not one politician in the west who becomes what they are, without a careful vetting procedure. Classic example is Jeremy Corbin , whom many thought was going to be the saviour of Labour and take it to the Zionists, when he has proven without any shadow of a doubt that he’s a rampant Zionist, even though who goes on pro Palestine marches. 
Trump is a puppet. Clinton is a puppet. May is a puppet. Merkel is a puppet….. There is not ONE politician in the west who isn’t part of the ‘grand plan’ and it’s why everything works according to plan. 
SARDONICUS (to Flopot and Harbinger) : Yes, I understand exactly what both you and Harbinger are saying and I can sympathize with your viewpoint. You are saying there is NO LESSER OF TWO EVILS here since both candidates are EQUALLY EVIL. Because both are Zionists and will deliver a program to further Jewish interests. That’s what you’re saying, right? 
The only difference, as Harbie indicates, is that one of these two candidates is playing the “bad cop” (Hillary) and the other is playing the “good cop” (Trump). So it’s nonsense to vote for the “good cop” as the “lesser of two evils” when both cops are equally evil when the chips are down. 
This is your argument and I can sympathize with it only if you are correct in your initial assumption that Trump has no redeeming features whatever and is a total charlatan and liar who will break every single promise of his if he gets into the White House. 
You are entitled to that assumption, but you are NOT entitled to believe that your assumption is universally shared. Kevin MacDonald certainly doesn’t believe that Trump is a thorough scoundrel who will sell all White America down the river as soon as he is elected. Nor do the thousands of White Nationalists and other White Americans who share MacDonald’s perfectly acceptable and intellectually defensible views. 
These millions of Trump supporters do NOT believe that Trump is an unmitigated scoundrel who will break his promise to build a wall to keep the Mexicans out. Trump has said he has no intention of starting a war with Russia. Hillary has made no such promise. Trump has said he will crack down on illegal immigrants, especially Muslim immigrants from hostile Muslim states. Well, MacDonald and his White Nationalists are giving Trump the benefit of the doubt. 
I for one refuse to think that Kevin MacDonald and the millions who are hoping for a resurgence of White ethnic interests are deluded and mistaken in their advocacy of Donald Trump. They could be right. Trump could be their man and actually deliver the goods, i.e., improve the lives of millions of White Americans who are now suffering under Jewish hegemony and a multiculturalism that has gone mad. 
The pessimism both of you share in regard to the irredeemable character of Donald Trump is simply a subjective state of mind. It’s an opinion, not a fact. 
I may choose to say, “I can’t stand garlic and onions.” This makes me a garlic-and-onion pessimist. My subjective viewpoint that garlic and onions are horrible vegetables does not make it a scientific fact that garlic and onions are horrible vegetables. The garlic and onion eaters of the world are entitled to tell me to get lost if I told everyone to give up eating garlic and onions. 
So it is with Flopot and Harbinger with their Trump pessimism. They are making a logical mistake in confusing impressions with facts. It is not a FACT that Trump is a scoundrel; at the most it is a subjective opinion. 
HP : Trump is not a politician who has been a politician who grew up a politician and lived and breathed politics all his adult life. Apart from business/social, of course. 
He’s an Alpha businessman who just happens to be waaay more intelligent and personally powerful than 99% of the political mediocres who envy and hate him. 
He came from out of nowhere and like a freight train rolled right over them before they could even cry foul or man an offense against him based on their default slime factor M.O. 
Hell, he vetted them ! Even as the entire weight of the political, M$M, Hollywood, Academia, foreigners, etc., etc., set upon him like no other in memory near or far. But they couldn’t even put a dent in him, or scare him off, and you know the vile demons tried very hard. 
He didn’t scare. But he did and does scare them. A lot. 
Being a uber-quick study, he easily overtook and surpassed the half-bright bureaucrat politicians and within one solitary year he IS The Alpha Politician. 
Putin (and his 12 time zones full of natural resources) will no doubt enjoy Trump. Putin will respect his intelligence, embrace his personality, utilize his uber-business talents and skills, and very very importantly, hugely importantly.. share their big big patriotism for their nations, their citizens.. 
In other words: The world gets an early Christmas present this year! 
UNGENIUS: Well said, HP! I would add only one statement: Trump is not a murderer, but Killery is a murderer of long standing which should make a choice simple between the two. 
GILBERT HUNTLY: Sardonicus, thanks for your healthy and sane perspective! Well said! 🙂 
LOBRO: Seconding that. And add HP’s perceptive comment [ above ] to the score for level headed reason. 
ARIADNATHEO: Sardonicus, Harbinger and Flopot: You are all wrong, as I used to be, I admit. 
“Jewish hegemony,” “zionism” …. are nothing but red herrings that distract our attention from the real enemy. It’s not “Jews, Jews, Jews,” it’s Goyim, goyim, goyim. I owe it to Amy Martin to have finally understood who are, to cite her “the two more powerful lobbyists in the US” — the Podesta brothers! 
Also who are the real rulers whose vast web of corruption brought them virtually absolute power: the Clintons! No Jews are involved anywhere. 
Amy is really good (AND good looking). Why did RT get rid of her? 
KAREN: Ariadnatheo, great satire! 
FLOPOT: Satire reveals truth, though. We’re our own worst enemy — gullible goy; the malleable toy. 
ARIADNATHEO: This is a prediction I trust [ short amusing video ]. 
If you watch, make sure it is BEFORE lunch. 
JOHN KIRBY: Sounds like the usual shakedown. 
THE DOT (having the last word, unedited) : 
@ darkmooners charlatans 
you have been supporting the cretin clown d j dumpy from day one just because that you are sick and mentaly diseased racist pigs just like him your lunatic drivel is just like his . guess what Adriana you sick horny hog ,your Donny will not win ,loser I seen a gifted seer and some mysterious unseen someone ,she can look at the future do some kind of time travel ,I was told that ,but my mind couldn’t accept it ,so i asked for a proof ,the future winning lottery numbers.she asked for my soul then i ran away . before that she said that she visited tomorrow and Donny lost the election . now Adriana and the rest of you dark spirited hyenas ,who is crazier you or me or that witch We’ll know tomorrow (Ed) Like this? Share it now. 7 thoughts on “ Celebrity Deathmatch: Darkmoon Sages Make Their Final Predictions on US Election ” Flopot says:",0
4168,‘Extreme Events’ Are Happening Worldwide,"Around the Web Founder of WorldTruth.Tv and WomansVibe.com Eddie ( 8893 Posts ) 
Eddie L. is the founder and owner of WorldTruth.TV. and Womansvibe.com. Both website are dedicated to educating and informing people with articles on powerful and concealed information from around the world. I have spent the last 36+ years researching Bible, History, Alternative Health, Secret Societies, Symbolism and many other topics that are not reported by mainstream media.",0
4169,Malala Announced That She Plans To Become Prime Minister Of Pakistan,"Videos Malala Announced That She Plans To Become Prime Minister Of Pakistan At a conference this month in the United Arab Emirates, Malala announced that she intends to one day be the prime minister of Pakistan. | November 1, 2016 Be Sociable, Share! Malala Yousafzai gestures as she speaks to an audience during a discussion of her book, “I am Malala” hosted by the John F. Kennedy Library and held at Boston College High School Saturday, Oct. 12, 2013, in Dorchester, Mass. (AP Photo/Jessica Rinaldi) 
Malala Yousufzai is a remarkable young woman who has made headlines and is known globally for the brave work she does in Pakistan, her home country. Her fight for the right for everyone to have a proper education, especially women, has put her life at risk many times and she even survived an assassination attempt where she was shot in the head. 
When she was just 17, she won the Nobel Peace Prize and her book, I Am Malala, is a national bestseller. Now, at the age of 19, she is still working harder than ever to improve education in both Pakistan and other countries worldwide. One of her most recent moves was opening a school for refugee girls aged 14-18 in Lebanon, on the border of Syria. 
At a conference this month in the United Arab Emirates, Malala announced that she intends to one day be the prime minister of Pakistan. She said that when she grew up, women were really only allowed to be doctors, teachers, and housewives. However, her education and activism has helped her see the world and her place in it different. “When I saw women role models, it broadened my vision. I saw Benazir Bhutto as a woman leader [who was] twice the prime minister of Pakistan. I heard about women athletes, women astronauts, women artists, women entrepreneurs … It allowed me to recognize the potential that I had, and that I can have as a woman, to achieve anything in my life,” she said. “My dream changed from becoming a doctor to becoming the prime minister of Pakistan.” It may seem prestigious to be a doctor as a female in Pakistan, which it certainly is, the job does come with strings attached. Though the huge majority of medical students are female, only 23 percent of registered doctors are women. This is because being a doctor or even in medical school is a big selling point for marriage proposals, so the majority of women wind up getting married and not working as doctors. The ratio of medical students and their propensity for excelling more than their male counterparts is likely culturally-driven as well. One fifth-year medical student gave his opinion on the issue: “Boys go out, hang out with their friends,” he said. “Girls can’t go out as much, so they stay at home and rote-learn.” Malala can truly do anything she sets her mind to, whether it be going to medical school, becoming prime minister , or continuing with her activist efforts. This young woman has so far stunned the world into listening what she has to say as she raises awareness about what a lack of education can do to women in hers and other countries. Education for girls is necessary to improve the world and the quality of life for people everywhere, and Malala will not rest until significant changes are made to include girls in school. This work by True Activist is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-ShareAlike International License.",0
4170,"ABC Poll Oversamples Dems by 9%, Claims Hillary Leading","ABC Poll Oversamples Dems by 9%, Claims Hillary Leading Mainstream media oversampling Democrats to create fake Hillary lead Kit Daniels - October 27, 2016 Comments 
In another example of poll rigging, an ABC presidential poll surveyed 9% more Democrats than Republicans and showed Hillary Clinton leading by 12% – with a 3% sampling error! 
ABC claims it’s a “12-point race” with Clinton ahead after polling a “random” national sample of 1,155 likely voters, but the poll’s methodology reveals the poll was heavily biased in favor of Hillary. 
“Results have a margin of sampling error of 3 points, including the design effect. Partisan divisions are 36-27-31 percent, Democrats-Republicans-independents,” ABC said near the bottom of the poll. 
Of course Hillary will be ahead in polls dominated by Democrats, but ABC and other mainstream media outlets are betting that voters won’t bother to look at a poll’s methodology to find the bias. 
Even if there’s more registered Democrats than Republicans nationally, they don’t outnumber them by nearly 10% because otherwise Republicans wouldn’t be winning national races. 
“These kind of misleading polls really strike at their credibility as pollsters,” wrote media analyst Aaron Rossiter. “They seem to want the big Hillary lead, probably to throw off the poll averages and suppress Republican voter turnout.” 
And if the fact that mainstream polls are “adjusted” to manufacture a Hillary lead still sounds doubtful to you, just read this leaked email from Democratic consultant Tom Matzzie: 
“I also want to get your Atlas folks to recommend oversamples for our polling before we start in February. By market, regions, etc. I want to get this all compiled into one set of recommendations so we can maximize what we get out of our media polling.” 
The email also includes this report from The Atlas Project on how to rig polls to get the desired result: 
For example, in Florida, a key battleground state, Democratic consultants recommended oversampling African-American and Hispanic voters who lean Democratic so the polls favor Democrat candidates: 
– General election benchmark, 800 sample, with potential over samples in key districts/regions 
– Benchmark polling in targeted races, with ethnic over samples as needed 
– Targeting tracking polls in key races, with ethnic over samples as needed",0
4171,Vladimir Putin declares victory in US Presidential elections,"Wednesday 9 November 2016 by Davywavy Vladimir Putin declares victory in US Presidential elections 
Vladimir Putin has been elected the 45th President of the United Stares after a stunning victory last night. 
Putin, who was a surprise contender when he entered the race last year, consistently outperformed expectations outpolling all challengers and besting his competition in debates. 
Putin has announced that he will run the United States through a proxy as he is much too busy running the far more important country of Russia. 
In a shock victory, American voters showed they were prepared to overlook Putin’s history of running the KGB in favour of his perceived strong leadership and no-nonsense attitude. 
Doubts over his economic record were also waved aside, with uncomfortable facts such as Russian GDP halving in the last three years being dismissed as scaremongering. 
“You fellow Americans,” said Putin in his acceptance speech. 
“I have so many people to thank for my victory; Edward Snowden, Julian Assange, Bradley Manning, but not least of all the Democratic Party, who put up the only candidate even I could beat. 
“Oh, and I mustn’t forget to congratulate myself too for putting the whole thing together. 
“God bless America,” he added with a smile. Get the best NewsThump stories in your mailbox every Friday, for FREE! There are currently ",0
4172,"Texas State Rep. Claims Death Threats, Assault from Fellow House Members","Texas State Representative Matt Rinaldi ( ) claimed to have been threatened by a fellow lawmaker and assaulted by another during a Memorial Day closing session. Others claim it was Rinaldi that made death threats against Democrat legislators. [The incident occurred following protests in the House Gallery and a reported comment from Rinaldi that he called immigration officials about the protesters.  In a post on Rinaldi’s official Facebook page, the representative stated Representative Poncho Nevarez (  Pass) threatened his life. He claimed the threat occurred after he threatened to call Immigration and Customs Enforcement (ICE) officers about protesters in the House Gallery holding signs saying “I am illegal and here to stay. ” Texas Department of Public Safety troopers removed the protesters from the gallery after they became disruptive and held up signs protesting the state’s new sanctuary city law. Rinaldi claimed he called ICE after “Several Democrats encouraged the protestors to disobey law enforcement. ” Rinaldi also claimed to have been assaulted by Rep. Ramon Romero (  Worth) after he told Democrats he called ICE. He stated several of his colleagues heard the threats and witnessed the assault. Breitbart Texas reached out to Rinaldi to obtain more information about the altercations and to get the names of witnessing representatives. Despite leaving messages via phone, email, Twitter, and Facebook, Rinaldi and his staff did not respond to inquiries. His official statement posted on Facebook and Tweeted states: Nevarez did respond to inquiries from Breitbart Texas about the incident and recalled different details about the encounter. Nevarez stated that Rinaldi’s claims are very different from the events that actually took place. The representative from South Texas revealed that while tempers did flare during the heated session, the only threats came from Rinaldi who said “he would put a bullet in (Nevarez’s) head. ” Nevarez said the situation began when Rinaldi bragged to three other representatives about calling U. S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement in regards to the various groups of protesters who had gathered at the Capitol to protest   more commonly known as the “sanctuary cities bill. ” Rinaldi’s actions led to an escalating argument that turned into a shoving match on the House Floor, Nevarez stated. When the scrum began, Nevarez said that he went in the middle of it to push people back. He yelled at fellow representatives that they needed to “take it outside. ” “This is not the way to do it, this is not the place to do it, they needed to take it outside,” Nevarez said. “Does that merit putting a bullet in my head?” When asked about Rinaldi’s claims about Nevarez having said he would “get him” on the way to his car, the state representative said they are fabrications of an unstable individual. According to Nevarez, various other representatives witnessed the events and heard when Rinaldi yelled out that he would put a bullet in Nevarez’s head. “Does that warrant me getting killed?” Nevarez asked. “He has a violent nature, today he revealed his nature. We won’t let him push us around. ” State Rep. Justin Rodriguez (  Antonio) said he heard Rinaldi threaten to “put a bullet in Nevarez’s head, in a press conference video Tweeted by the Texas Tribune. WATCH: @RepJRod: “There was a threat made from Rep. Rinaldi to put a bullet in one of my colleague’s heads. ” #txlege https:  .  pic. twitter.   —   Texas Tribune (@TexasTribune) May 29, 2017,  Rodriguez later Tweeted that he stands by his comments made in the video. The Texas Legislature is in the final day of its 2017 session. The legislature meets only every other year to conduct the State’s business unless a special session is called by the governor. This session has seen the passage of historic, but emotional legislation relating to prohibiting sanctuary cities in Texas. Senate Bill 4, authored by Senator Charles Perry ( ) is now the law of the state. The law which prohibits sheriff’s and police chiefs from ignoring immigration detainers and prohibits them from having policies forbidding officers from asking about immigration status becomes effective on September 1, 2017. The bill provides civil fines and even criminal penalties to law enforcement officials choosing to ignore immigration authorities. Twitter user @BrandonMond Tweeted some photos of protesters from inside the Capitol Rotunda. Pictures from the #NoSB4 protest at the Texas Capitol today. Texas fights back! pic. twitter.   —   (((Bear Peretz))) (@BrandonMond) May 29, 2017, The 85th Session of the Texas Legislature adjourned sine die later on Monday afternoon. Ildefonso Ortiz is an   journalist with Breitbart Texas. He   the Cartel Chronicles project with Brandon Darby and Stephen K. Bannon.  You can follow him on Twitter and on Facebook. Bob Price serves as associate editor and senior political news contributor for Breitbart Texas. He is a founding member of the Breitbart Texas team. Follow him on Twitter @BobPriceBBTX and Facebook.  ",0
4173,Billionaire Tom Steyer Launches Ad Campaign Against Rex Tillerson - Breitbart,"Billionaire environmentalist Tom Steyer is pushing an ad campaign targeting former ExxonMobil CEO Rex Tillerson, Donald Trump’s pick for Secretary of State. [The ad, launched by Steyer’s NextGen Climate   group, claims that as CEO of ExxonMobil, Tillerson put his company’s interests first and did business with Russia.   But Steyer, a former hedge fund manager, has his own record of doing business with the Russians. In 2010, Steyer’s hedge fund Farallon Capital Management profited from a sale of its stake in a Russian oil firm to a investment firm owned by Russian billionaire Gennady Timchenko, according to the Free Beacon. Timchenko was later targeted by Treasury Department sanctions in 2014, due to his relationship with Vladimir Putin. Steyer, a committed supporter of environmental causes and Democrats, endorsed Hillary Clinton in June 2016, and hosted a fundraiser for her in 2015. “Tell your Senators to reject Rex Tillerson and protect American interests, not corporate interests,” the   ad concludes. Steyer spent more than $75 million in in the 2016 election, as his NextGen Climate action group spent millions to combat Trump with ads including this one: Trump’s transition team should expect environmental groups to unite against Tillerson’s nomination, due to his former position as head of ExxonMobil.",0
4174,New Home Sales – Tightrope Walk Over a Windy Canyon,"New Home Sales - Tightrope Walk Over a Windy Canyon By Lee Adler.   The Commerce Department reported today that sales of newly built homes posted a seasonally adjusted month to month increase of 3.1% to an annualized rate of 593,000. The department revised the August headline number down by 5.6% from 609,000 to 575,000. Without that revision the headline number this month would have been down by 2.7%. Surprise, surprise. Revise, revise.  ",0
4175,Bernie Sanders endorsed Hillary Clinton because his Life was Threatened,"Tomi Lahren suggested in an interview that the Clintons are responsible for multiple murders.
A prominent journalist working at Glenn Beck’s TheBlaze who had endorsed Hillary Clinton is suggesting in a new interview that Bill and Hillary Clinton are responsible for multiple murders.
Tomi Lahren spoke about comments she recently made about the Clintons having a high body count and that Bernie Sanders is only supporting Hillary out of fear he might mysteriously disappear in an interview on The Jamie Weinstein Show .
Weinstein asked Lahren during the interview: ‘You think Bernie Sanders is supporting Hillary Clinton because he’s afraid he is going to mysteriously disappear. You went on to say that the Clintons have a high body count. Do you believe that the Clintons really are killing people?’
She responded by saying: ‘You know, sometimes we look at patterns and we look at things that are happening and sometimes you can’t dismiss everything as a conspiracy.’
Weinstein then asked Lahren if she was referring to the conspiracy theory held by some that the Clintons were somehow responsible for the death of Vince Foster, a close friend of the couple who was found dead in 1993 of what was later ruled to be a self-inflicted gunshot wound.
‘The list – I will let your listeners go on and look at some of these examples and they can decide for themselves,’ said Lahren.
‘But there’s been some mysterious circumstances that have surrounded – we just saw, what with the DNC leaks and then what happened to a person that worked for the DNC that was in charge of that?’
Lahren was referring to the death of Seth Rich, who was murdered near his home in Washington DC this past July.
Soon after, DailyMail.com learned that he was set to start working for Hillary’s campaign.
Weinstein pointed out to Lahren that Rich’s parents said they do not suspect anything ‘suspicious,’ to which she replied: ‘Well, his family doesn’t want to be in a body bag either, Jamie.
‘I have got to be honest with you. What was it? He came in and was robbed, but his wallet and his watch weren’t taken? So he was robbed and what was he…’
And another claim: ‘Sometimes you can’t dismiss everything as a conspiracy,’ said Lahren (Clinton above with Vince Foster, whose death Lahren also finds mysterious)
One more claim: Lahren also spoke about the death of DNC worker Seth Rich (above), saying his parents are keeping quiet out of fear of ending up in a ‘body bag’
At this point Weinsten jumped in to say: ‘You think he might have been killed by the Clintons?’
Lahren responded to this by stating: ‘I don’t know if he was killed by the Clintons or a Clinton hit person. I’m not going to sit here and be what you want me to be which is a conspiracy theorist, but I will say…’
Weinsten then cut in briefly to point out he was just asking Lahren questions.
Lahren continued: “I think there are a lot of circumstances that surround the Clinton family that aren’t explainable and I will let people go on and research it for themselves. And if they think there is something fishy going on, I leave it to them. I certainly do.”
Source 
",0
4176,Union Boss (and Former Miss America) Hits the Road in ‘Fun Home’ - The New York Times,"Kate Shindle is compiling quite the résumé. Once she was Miss America. Now she’s a labor leader, the president of Actors’ Equity. And this week she began playing the nation’s most famous lesbian cartoonist, Alison Bechdel, in the touring production of the   “Fun Home. ” Over the next year, Ms. Shindle will be traveling from city to city, introducing the country to one of the more unlikely recent musical successes, while simultaneously leading her union as it works to improve pay and benefits for more than 50, 000 actors and stage managers across the United States. It’s a complicated juggling act, and one that Ms. Shindle has decided to turn into a yearlong adventure. A Queens resident accustomed to traveling by subway and bicycle, she bought a used green Nissan Rogue, loaded in some clothing and a computer, and hit the road, heading first to Cleveland, where the tour’s performances began on Sunday. She also cut off the long brown hair she has worn since adolescence, the hair that was once crowned by a tiara. After failing to persuade the show to let her wear a wig, she chopped most of it off the day before the first rehearsal, and has had multiple trims since, each one bringing her nearer to the   style favored by Ms. Bechdel. “Yeah, it’s pretty funny about Kate,” Ms. Bechdel said in a wry email about the casting. “She’s a former Miss America, I’m a former Miss America  —   what are the chances? !” (That’s a joke  —   Ms. Bechdel, for any of you who might be confused, was never Miss America.) “But seriously, being portrayed by her in the musical feels like a lovely, twisting kind of cultural progress, like a Möbius strip  —   suddenly there’s this inexplicable but undeniable continuity between the marginal lesbian and the beauty queen,” Ms. Bechdel added. “I find it delightful. ” Ms. Shindle, who is 39, straight and single, is delighted as well. She saw the show for the first time in January  —   six months after it won the Tony Award for best new musical  —   and said, “By the time I left the theater, I just thought: ‘Oh, that’s mine. I’m going to go get that. ’” “There was a lot that resonated with me, in terms of the family dynamics,” she added. “And I think it’s exciting to take this show, with the topics that it addresses, across the country right now, so the activist part of my brain flipped on, too. ” For Ms. Shindle, the journey is not as odd as it might seem. As Miss America, in 1998, her cause was AIDS activism, and she used the visibility that came with her stature to champion disease prevention through safe sex and needle exchange programs. Now, by leading the cast of “Fun Home,” she is helping to introduce a musical about the sexual awakening of a lesbian, and the simultaneous unraveling of her gay father, to the nation. The juggling is not without precedent  —   Actors’ Equity is administered, on a    basis, by a paid staff the elected officials, like Ms. Shindle, are not paid, so, as she said, “a girl’s got to make a living. ” Ms. Shindle, who was elected last year to a   term as president, and who this year led the union as it endorsed a presidential candidate (Hillary Clinton) for the first time, said she would participate in meetings by phone, fly back to New York as needed and continue to focus on priorities like gender parity and racial and ethnic diversity. Among the most pressing issues facing the union: Off Broadway actors are agitating for better pay, Broadway actors are looking to share in profits from shows they help develop, and Los Angeles actors are battling new union rules that affect the thriving   scene there. Ms. Shindle grew up in Moorestown, N. J. and found herself drawn to the stage in seventh grade, when she wrote a paper about theater. (“It was a terrible paper,” she said. “I got a bad grade on it. ”) Undaunted, at her tiny Roman Catholic high school she took on multiple roles  —   in one production of “Fiddler on the Roof,” she played the violin in the pit while also performing as  . She enrolled at Northwestern University to study theater, but was also competing in pageants, which were familiar to her because, when she was a child, her family had volunteered with the Miss America pageant. During her junior year, she was chosen as Miss Illinois and then as Miss America, and she took a year off for her reign, during which she traveled the country talking about AIDS, a subject that had piqued her interest after a family friend, and two theater professors at Northwestern, died of the disease. “I was really angry  —   it seemed to me that we knew how to stop transmission, and we weren’t doing it because of politics,” she said. “And because of what Miss America is, and was, to the country, people invited me places that no AIDS activist could get into. ” As for the gender politics of the Miss America pageant, Ms. Shindle said they didn’t bother her at the time. “Now I look at how the presence and existence of that organization makes other women feel like they have to participate in those kinds of judgments, but at the time I just thought, ‘You know, nobody’s forcing me to get up on stage in a swimsuit,’ and it actually felt pretty good to get to the point where I was O. K. doing that,” she said. “And, to me, the end justified the means, because I was a    college student who suddenly had a national forum to speak about an issue that I thought was really important. ” She returned to Northwestern to finish her degree, and then moved to New York, working at times as a waitress and selling real estate, but also as an actor, making her Broadway debut as an understudy in “Jekyll  Hyde,” and then landing the role of Sally Bowles in “Cabaret,” first in the touring production and then, briefly, on Broadway. Later, she was in the original Broadway cast of “Legally Blonde,” where she met the producers who now oversee “Fun Home. ” Her roles have been limited by her height  —   she is 5 feet 11 inches tall. As a result, she said, “I never had ingénue years  —   it’s just really hard to pair me with somebody who is going to aesthetically give the look that most directors want. ” “I’ve played my share of strippers and hookers and other tall people  —   women on their own negotiating the world  —   and I did a show where I played the personification of time, and I played a   hybrid,” she said. “Now I get to play this character for whom whether she can stand on a stage with a man and be more petite than he is is nowhere in the equation. ” The show’s director, Sam Gold, who has been restaging it for the road, said that Ms. Shindle’s history and her union activism help her with the role. “I’m not used to having someone in the room who has a whole life other than actor,” he said, “and it grounds Kate. ”",0
4177,Foundation for Individual Rights in Education Condemns UC Berkeley Riots - Breitbart,"The Foundation for Individual Rights in Education (FIRE) released a statement condemning the actions of the protesters at the MILO event at UC Berkeley Wednesday night. [“FIRE condemns both violence and attempts to silence protected expression in the strongest terms,” the statement reads.  The use of mob violence to respond to constitutionally protected expression is an affront to our nation’s liberal traditions. And as so often happens, it has also proven deeply counterproductive, sabotaging its apparent aim. Instead of silencing Yiannopoulos, the violent response ensured that his message was broadcast nationwide. The events at Berkeley should alarm citizens from across the political spectrum who hold dear the liberal values enshrined in the First Amendment. FIRE will continue to insist that the proper answer to speech you hate is more speech, and we stand with the vast majority of Americans who live according to this principle every day. An updated statement was released on Thursday morning which contained a greater analysis from FIRE. The organization noted how they had praised UC Berkeley Chancellor Nicholas Dirks for refusing to cancel MILO’s event but were disappointed it did “not appear that the campus was prepared for the magnitude of the disruption, and the speech was canceled as a result. ” FIRE also responded to President Trump’s threat to cancel UC Berkeley’s federal funding, noting that “under current law, public universities that enforce blatantly unconstitutional speech codes and private universities that violate their own promises of free speech do not face the same potential loss of federal funding for censoring campus speech that they do for violating other federal civil rights laws and regulations. ” However, they also argued that since they had seen no evidence themselves “that Berkeley as an institution made any effort to silence Yiannopoulos,” it would be “deeply inappropriate” to cut off federal funding to UC Berkeley when those rioting were “not under its control and in contravention of its policies. ” DANGEROUS is available to   now via Amazon, in hardcover and Kindle editions. And yes, MILO is reading the audiobook version himself!  Jack Hadfield is a student at the University of Warwick and a regular contributor to Breitbart Tech. You can follow him on Twitter @ToryBastard_, on Gab @JH or email him at jack@yiannopoulos. net.",0
4178,Comment on Whoopi Goldberg shilling $139 ugly Christmas sweaters by Steven Broiles,"Whoopi will probably still sell these even if she moves out of the United States. Whoopi’s new sweater line/Getty Image 
From NY Post : Whoopi Goldberg , who has Emmy, Grammy, Oscar and Tony awards to her name, can officially call herself a designer. 
The 60-year-old “ View ” co-host has designed nine “ugly Christmas sweaters” to go on sale at Lord & Taylor and Hudson’s Bay beginning Tuesday. 
“I’ve always liked them,” Goldberg told the New York Times . “They make me happy. I’ve worn them for many years. I thought about all the things I’d love to see on a sweater.” 
The sweaters retail for $139 each and are made from wool, alpaca, cashmere and cotton. And the designs range from an octopus-Menorah mash-up to images of both black and white Santa Clauses. 
“You might start right after Thanksgiving, and wear them all the way through Hanukkah and New Year’s and then you’re done for another 12 months until it rolls around again,” she says. “Anything before Thanksgiving is too early. I’m old school. I come from the protocol of ‘O.K., here’s Halloween and then you have Thanksgiving.’ No Christmas at Halloween.” This womyn is now a “fashion designer” 
While this is Goldberg’s first foray into the fashion world, if the sweaters fly off the shelves, she may design other items . 
“I’d love to design holiday footwear,” Goldberg mused. “I’d love to design housewares. If you’re going to have things in the house, you might as well not be bored by them.” 
DCG",0
4179,"Rachel Maddow Lands a Scoop, Then Makes Viewers Wait - The New York Times","Rachel Maddow had a big scoop, and she handled it her way. With a single tweet on Tuesday, Ms. Maddow, the MSNBC anchor, set the political world ablaze, announcing at 7:36 p. m. that she was poised to reveal previously unseen tax records from President Trump on her 9 p. m. program. (“Seriously,” Ms. Maddow added.) In the     world of online news, 84 minutes struck some journalists as an awfully long time to wait. The White House took advantage, releasing a   statement that detailed Mr. Trump’s tax figures from 2005 before MSNBC had a chance to air its own report. The Daily Beast and other news outlets ran items as well. Ms. Maddow, who is enjoying the biggest viewership of her show’s   run, did not appear to mind. She opened her program on Tuesday as she usually does: with a deliberately paced,   monologue, in this case reviewing Mr. Trump’s past refusal to release his taxes to catch up viewers on why this new revelation mattered. The revelation itself, however, was held back until after the first commercial break, a windup that some fellow journalists, eager for any bombshells, found exceedingly lengthy. “If you have news, Rachel please tell us. Soon. I’m not young,” tweeted Bob Ley, an ESPN anchor. “Of course  —   right after a commercial break. This is the worst episode of American Idol,” complained Zeke Miller, a White House reporter for Time. The wait, about 20 minutes in all, may have irked political reporters, but it was of a piece with the strategy Ms. Maddow has laid out for herself and her staff. In an interview last week, she described “a real sense of responsibility” to educate her 2. 6   audience, particularly those who may be casual consumers of the news. “There’s new people here every night,” Ms. Maddow said in her NBC office in New York. “I don’t feel like I’m doing a clubhouse update. I don’t feel like I’ve got a choir that was here at last night’s practice too. I definitely feel like, hey, if you’re new, let me meet you where you are. ” Ultimately, the reporting that Ms. Maddow eventually aired on Tuesday night’s show  —   two pages from a single,   federal tax return  —   was less groundbreaking than the mere fact that a portion of the president’s records had surfaced at all. The journalist who obtained the records, David Cay Johnston, a former tax reporter for The New York Times, said that the documents arrived “over the transom” in his mailbox. Mr. Johnston even speculated   that Mr. Trump had sent the documents himself. The discussion between Ms. Maddow and Mr. Johnston veered into some odd directions, with Mr. Johnston mentioning a connection between Mr. Trump and the mob. And Ms. Maddow’s opening monologue raised lingering questions about links between Mr. Trump and Russia  —   questions that no simple 1040 form, like the one sent to Mr. Johnston, could address. It was not until the end of the program that Ms. Maddow invited on an NBC News political reporter, Hallie Jackson, who dialed in by telephone for a more sober analysis of the tax findings. By then, Ms. Maddow’s show was about to end. On Twitter, journalists complained that Ms. Maddow had overhyped her findings with the initial teasing tweet, noting that the information in the returns did not amount to a scandal. Others asked why so much of the focus was on Ms. Maddow and not the subject at hand. “The President of the United States has not released his tax returns,” wrote Peter Hamby, a journalist at Snapchat who previously worked for CNN. “Journalists are attacking Maddow for using her show to discuss this. ” Good reviews or bad  —   scoop or no scoop  —   Ms. Maddow’s Tuesday program is sure to keep her at the center of the political conversation. Last week, Ms. Maddow achieved a ratings milestone, beating out Fox News heavyweights Bill O’Reilly and Tucker Carlson among viewers aged 25 to 54, the most coveted demographic in television news. “Never imagined I would want to choose a restaurant based on their willingness to turn on Rachel Maddow’s show,” the Politico reporter Josh Dawsey wrote on Twitter on Tuesday evening. “Yet here we are. ”",0
4180,"Syrian War Report – November 2, 2016: ISIS and Al-Nusra Attempt to Cut Off Govt Supply Line to Aleppo","Trump Whistles His Dogs ‹ › South Front Analysis & Intelligence is a public analytical project maintained by an independent team of experts from the four corners of the Earth focusing on international relations issues and crises. They focus on analysis and intelligence of the ongoing crises and the biggest stories from around the world: Ukraine, the war in Middle East, Central Asia issues, protest movements in the Balkans, migration crises, and others. In addition, they provide military operations analysis, the military posture of major world powers, and other important data influencing the growth of tensions between countries and nations. We try to dig out the truth on issues which are barely covered by governments and mainstream media. Syrian War Report – November 2, 2016: ISIS and Al-Nusra Attempt to Cut Off Govt Supply Line to Aleppo By South Front on November 2, 2016 …from SouthFront 
The Syrian Air Force has delivered a high number of air strikes in western Aleppo, targeting militants in in Al-Assad, Rashidin 4, Rashidin 5, the 1070 Apartment Project (1070 AP), Southern Sawmills and along the road to Khan Tuman. 
Since November 1, the fighting in the area has become stationary. The western part of the al-Assad Neighborhood is contested. The al-Nusra led coalition, Jaish al-Fatah, controls the southwestern part of the 1070 AP. The militants’ attacks on the 3000 Apartment Project have failed. 
In the 1070 AP, the government forces keep control of 3 groups of buildings. The supply line #1 has been cut off by Jaish al-Fatah. The supply line #2 is vulnerable to fire by militants. The government-controlled sector is separated from Jaish al-Fatah units by an open ground. This is why the militants are not able to take control of these building blocks. 
Clashes in this non-populated area allow the Syrian military to use its advantage in firepower to whittle the jihadist manpower and military equipment, repelling their frontal attacks. Jaish al-Fatah suicide vehicle-borne improvised explosive devices remain the main threat to the army’s defenses. 
While Jaish al-Fatah cannot take control of the 1070 AP, the alliance’s attacks on the 3000 Apartment Project will hardly be able to lead to any success. 
Syrian troops have repelled an ISIS attack on the government only supply line to Aleppo in the sector between Ithriyah and al-Salamiyah. ISIS attacked the Syrian army in the Wadi al-Adhib region but was forced to retreat after a fierce battle. Last weekend, al-Nusra Front, the leading force of Jaish al-Fatah, attacked the supply line in the sector between Ithriyah and Aleppo, but also failed. 
This clearly shows that despite all controversies, ISIS and the so-called ‘moderate opposition’ are playing in the same game, attempting to prevent liberation of Aleppo by the government forces. 
Turkey’s engineer units are currently building a military base, with an airfield, in the area of Ziyar, south of the Syrian border town of al-Rai, the As Safir newspaper revealed. The newspaper believes that the Turkish regime is going implement the Iraq-like strategy in Syria and set a series of military installations in order to project the military power in the area. 
On November 1, Iraqi security forces (ISF) liberated the strategic Kurdish village of Gogjali in the eastern outskirts of Mosul and seized the nearby state-TV building. By doing this, the ISF has entered the ISIS-controlled city for the first time since it was occupied by ISIS in 2014. Related Posts:",0
4181,Re: Sources Say Grand Jury Convened in Coverup of LaVoy Finicum Murder – 4 FBI HRT Team Members May Be Indicted,"Email 
At least two sources are confirming that a Grand Jury has been called to decide if there is enough evidence to indict four FBI HRT team members in the coverup of LaVoy Finicum , who was shot and killed on January 26, 2016 by Oregon State Police. 
Guerilla Media Network reports : 
Guerilla Media Network received information 10 days ago that a Grand Jury had been called to decide if there was enough evidence concerning a coverup by ""FBI HRT"" Team Members on the ground in Burns Oregon, to formally charge them with a crime. Members of HRT, (Hostage Rescue Team) have been accused of shooting at LaVoy Finicum as he exited his vehicle on January 26, 2016 with his hands in the air. 
Legal sources in Portland told GMN that they were aware the Grand Jury had been convened but did not have information about an actual indictment, at the time the information was passed down to us. 
GMN went on to report that Bob Powell of The Truth is Viral stated that he confirmed with sources at the Justice Department that an indictment may soon come against the 4 agents involved in the coverup. 
""In all there were 4 shots fired at Mr. Finicum by these rouge agents, before and after he exited his truck,"" Powell said. 
Finicum's widow, Jeanette Finicum, also confirmed that she had heard about the convening of the Grand Jury as well. She has also filed a wrongful death lawsuit against Oregon State Police and called on American Patriots to stand against the growing tyranny of the central government . 
""I'll believe it – When I see it,"" said Mrs. Finicum on Wednesday. 
Though the Oregon State Police were apparently responsible for actually shooting Finicum to death , the FBI claimed to investigate several of their agents concerning failing to report that they fired shots at Finicum and his vehicle . They apparently disposed of the bullet casings as well. 
Listen to Bob Powell's report on what is taking place. Don't forget to Like Freedom Outpost on Facebook , Google Plus , & Twitter . You can also get Freedom Outpost delivered to your Amazon Kindle device here . shares",0
4182,Gardasil is a Decision We Will Always Regret,". Gardasil is a Decision We Will Always Regret Reading about the young lives that have effectively been destroyed by Gardasil tears my soul; not on... Print Email http://humansarefree.com/2016/11/gardasil-is-decision-we-will-always.html Reading about the young lives that have effectively been destroyed by Gardasil tears my soul; not only for these young women, but for their parents, their friends and for the millions of families around the globe that may yet be hoodwinked into thinking they are protecting their daughter — or son. Sharyl Attkisson, the former CBS reporter who became an independent truth investigator and author, filed this report back in 2008. In 2006, the National Vaccine Information Center railed against Merck’s insistence that Gardasil was just fine to inject into preteens. President Barbara Loe Fisher was livid when she wrote: ""Merck’s pre and post-licensure marketing strategy has positioned mass use of this vaccine by pre-teens as a morality play in order to avoid talking about the flawed science they used to get it licensed."" But nothing stopped the train. And the shots, and the serious injuries, including death, kept mounting. Natural News reported the tremendous grief of Katy Robinson’s parents, after this vibrant child took the Gardasil shot in 2010 at the tender age of 11. “Katie’s list of symptoms included the following: 24/7 headaches and migraines, 24/7 stabbing ear pain, hyperacusis, fatigue, abdominal pain, nausea, all over joint pain, constant sore throat, visual disturbances, light sensitivity, cognitive issues such as memory and severe comprehension problems, random numbness and tingling, weird “bug crawling” skin sensations, generalized weakness throughout her body (it was difficult for Katie to just sit in the shower to bathe), dizziness, fainting and heart palpitations. “She slept long hours and stayed in her bedroom shielding herself from the noise of everyday living... She was also highly positive for Mycoplasma Pneumonia... Katie even had the classic Bartonella rash (looks like purple and red stretch marks) surrounding her breasts and hips which is confirmation of an active Bartonella infection... [a] diagnostic center diagnosed Katie with the beginning stages of Dysautonomia (a malfunctioning automatic nervous system). We were told that there was no cure and that symptoms were managed with medications...” Thousands of dollars and hours later, the parents discovered that the Gardasil Vaccine can “activate a latent Bartonella infection that was otherwise being suppressed by a properly functioning immune system.” They finally knew that it was Gardasil injections that nearly destroyed their daughter and still do not know if she will ever return to normal. They live with regret. Finally, a little too late, the American College of Pediatricians is now warning parents about Gardasil. But what they are warning about is an entirely new subset of difficulties. The Holistic Works reports: “Gardasil vaccines could be ‘associated with the very rare but serious condition of premature ovarian failure (POF),’ says the America College of Pediatricians (ACP)... “[L]ong-term ovarian function was not assessed in either the original rat safety studies or in the human vaccine trials,” explains the ACP. “Even more, because doctors are so aggressively propagandized by the cash-rich vaccine industry, they don’t even realize that HPV vaccines can cause ovarian failure.” Toxic ingredients in Gardasil and all vaccines are already known to cause harm. From The Holistic Works also stated: “The ACP explained that ‘potential mechanisms of action have been postulated based on autoimmune associations with the aluminum adjuvant used and previously documented ovarian toxicity in rats from another component, polysorbate 80.’ “In other words, the science already knows about the mechanisms of potential harm caused by these ingredients. “It’s not a mystery, and it’s not even debatable that injecting children with aluminum, mercury, MSG, formaldehyde and polysorbate 80 will inevitably cause severe damage in some of those children.” By D. Samuelson  ",0
4183,"Frau von Maus aufgefressen, weil sie nicht sofort kreischend auf Stuhl gesprungen ist","Dienstag, 8. November 2016 Frau von Maus aufgefressen, weil sie nicht sofort kreischend auf Stuhl gesprungen ist Remscheid (Archiv) - Es ist eine Tragödie, die leicht hätte verhindert werden können: Eine 43-jährige Frau ist heute im nordrhein-westfälischen Remscheid in ihrer eigenen Wohnung von einer Maus angegriffen und grausam zerfleischt worden. Nach Polizeiangaben hatte es die Frau leichtsinnigerweise unterlassen, rechtzeitig auf einen rettenden Stuhl zu springen und zu kreischen. Wie aus dem Polizeibericht hervorgeht, bereitete das Opfer Susanne B. gerade gemeinsam mit einer Freundin Essen zu, als das Nagetier ohne jede Vorwarnung in der Küche erschien. Daraufhin rettete sich die 38-jährige Freundin der Frau geistesgegenwärtig sofort auf einen Stuhl und versuchte, das Tier mit lautem Kreischen zu verjagen. So kann nichts passieren. Susanne B. hingegen sei unbeeindruckt stehengeblieben und habe erklärt, es handle sich nur um eine ""völlig ungefährliche Maus"", die ""niemandem"" etwas zuleidetue – laut dem Bericht ihre letzten Worte, bevor sie von dem Tier angefallen und vor den Augen ihrer entsetzten Freundin zerfleischt und gefressen wurde. Als die von der Freundin verständigte Polizei in Begleitung eines Notarztes eintraf, waren von Susanne B. nur noch eine Blutlache und einige Kleidungsfetzen übrig. Die Maus war spurlos verschwunden. Um tödliche Mausangriffe wie diesen zu verhindern, raten Experten, beim Erblicken einer Maus sofort ein erhöhtes Möbelstück (Stuhl, Sofa, Schrank) zu erklimmen und dort auszuharren, bis sich die blutrünstige Bestie wieder verzogen hat. Biologen zufolge können Mäuse nämlich nicht klettern, weil ihre Krallen ausschließlich auf das Aufschlitzen und Zerteilen von Menschen ausgelegt sind. Auch möglichst hysterisches Kreischen hilft bei der Abwehr der herkömmlichen Hausmaus, die aufgrund der Größe ihrer Ohren derartige Töne im oberen Frequenzbereich nicht verträgt. In Remscheid wird derzeit noch nach der flüchtigen Maus gefahndet, Polizisten mit Katzenstaffeln patroullieren seit dem frühen Nachmittag in der Nachbarschaft. Der Augenzeugin zufolge ist die Gesuchte grau-braun, etwa ein bis drei Jahre alt und hat dunkle Augen. Sachdienliche Hinweise an die zuständige Polizeidienstelle werden mit bis zu 200 Euro belohnt. fed, ssi, dan; Fotos: Shutterstock; Hinweis: Erstmals erschienen am 5.11.15 Artikel teilen:",0
4184,"Obama Cashes In: Set to Take $400,000 for Speech to Wall Street Firm - Breitbart","Barack Obama has agreed to a $400, 000 fee for speaking to a prominent Wall Street firm, according to Charlie Gasparino of the Fox Business Network. [Former president Obama will speak to a health care conference sponsored by Cantor Fitzgerald in September, Gasparino reports.  #BreakingNews @POTUS44 agrees to speak at Wall Street conference. @CGasparino has the latest pic. twitter.   —   FOX Business (@FoxBusiness) April 24, 2017,  The huge fee puts Obama at the top of the list of speaking fees for former government officials. Former Fed chair Ben Bernanke charges between $200, 000 and $400, 000, former Treasury Secretary Tim Geithner charges $200, 000, and former President George Bush charges around $150, 000, according to a person familiar with the matter. Hillary Clinton received over $200, 000 apiece for each of her speaking engagements at Goldman Sachs. Those payments later were used against her by political rivals, who argued they were evidence that the former Secretary of State was too close to Wall Street. Gasparino points out that Obama has been out of office for less than 100 days.",0
4185,"Africa’s Tennis Talent, Though Obscure, Is Burgeoning - The New York Times","Fifteen years ago, I was a Peace Corps volunteer living in a village of mud huts on the dry Sahel landscape of northern Ivory Coast. The nearest market town, Ferkessédougou, was 20 miles away, and every Thursday morning I would mount my Trek 820 and pedal out past the last huts, announcing in limited   my intention to ride to Ferké and return by sundown. In town, I would collect groundnut paste and cucumbers, down a cold Coke and buy a local newspaper. Once, below the   fold, I saw a picture of a man playing tennis. The man was bending low for a backhand, and his form evoked something of yesteryear.   attire, planted leg, clean   stroke. The man was Ivorian, and Abidjan, Ivory Coast’s largest city, had just hosted some kind of national tennis tournament. At this information, I considered my days on the high school tennis team and my friends in Ferké and the village. I figured I might just be one of the best tennis players in the entire country. Today, I live across the African continent in Rwanda, and I thought of this photo recently when a United States Tennis Association newsletter dropped into my inbox acclaiming a charity project with the subject line “Maine Woman Brings Tennis to Africa. ” No, she did not. And I am nowhere near the best player in any African country. If my difficulty handling the   groundstrokes of    Ernest Habiyambere, Rwanda’s top player, is any indication, I should be ashamed I ever considered the possibility I was a national contender. Except for two South Africans, no players from   Africa will play in this year’s United States Open, but the world’s poorest continent indeed plays tennis, and plays it well. I have spent some time exploring African tennis during my many years in   Africa. I have watched Habiyambere clean up at local tournaments, sat courtside at International Tennis   junior championships, and been stomped by Ghanaian teenagers. I suspect that  —   to inversely paraphrase the U. S. T. A. newsletter  —   an    could bring Africa to tennis sooner than we think. Regional ascendancy tends to happen quickly in sports. In 1990, only six Eastern Europeans were among the top 50 players in women’s tennis. Today a legion occupies nearly half of those slots. The world’s   man, Novak Djokovic, led a class of Serbian players who emerged in the  . For its part, Africa has scaled to the heights of another sport over the same period: soccer. The youngsters who watched Cameroon’s pioneering run to the 1990 World Cup quarterfinals have filled roster spots on Europe’s greatest teams, including superstars like Samuel Eto’o, who scored more than 100 goals for Barcelona. Is African tennis the next African soccer? Where might the African counterpart to Djokovic, who struck tennis balls in an empty Belgrade swimming pool as a child, be found ripping forehand after forehand? To understand African tennis is to understand the fate of the game’s juniors, the children who learn the game as ball boys at private clubs, the teenagers who rally with local businessmen for cash to enter tournaments, and the talent tapped by the I. T. F. to compete worldwide. It is also to understand why, in any given week, rarely is more than a single black player from   Africa ranked among tennis’s top 1, 000 players. Habiyambere likes this, an opportunity for an angle when a backhand lands near his service line and hangs waist level. At the sight of this sitter, he cocks low and then snaps his racket through the ball, drilling a forehand that smacks the clay and kicks off the deuce side beyond the flail of Olivier Havugimana, Rwanda’s No. 2 player. Habiyambere has early control of the Gasigwa Memorial Tournament final. It is March at Cercle Sportif de Kigali, Rwanda’s premier tennis club. Rwanda, an area smaller than Massachusetts, is known as the land of a thousand hills, and Cercle Sportif sits pinched between two of them. The leafy Kiyovu neighborhood rises above the club’s six clay tennis courts on one side on the other, a soccer field sunk at the valley bottom abuts the poorer Gikondo neighborhood. At Court 1, Rwanda’s tennis establishment has clustered on a wooden grandstand to watch Habiyambere and Havugimana: older weekend players in Adidas tracksuits, returned members of the diaspora in slacks and oxford shirts, and Maj. Gen. Jean Bosco Kazura, whose résumé includes the military campaign to end Rwanda’s 1994 genocide and a nice kick serve to the backhand. Shouts of “ !” and “oui!” punctuate clean baseline winners. The felt concussion of competitive tennis  —   of racket thud, air hiss and    friction  —   is all over this match. The players are wearing white   emblazoned with a blanched photo of   Gasigwa, for whom the tournament is named. Last year, Gasigwa, 31, collapsed and died at Cercle Sportif while jogging around the soccer field. He was one of Rwanda’s most accomplished tennis players, having won the national tournaments of Kenya, Uganda and Tanzania. Habiyambere learned the game from Gasigwa and is his heir apparent. In 2013, at 13, Habiyambere won the    East African Junior Championships in Tanzania, dropping only two sets. Over the next months, he won matches at regional   tournaments. Then he reached the semifinals of the   African Junior Championships, narrowly losing to the eventual continental champion. His run caught the attention of the I. T. F. the organizer of the tournaments, the sport’s governing body and the institution most responsible for developing junior players in countries without serious tennis traditions or budgets. The I. T. F. awarded Habiyambere a scholarship to its training center in Morocco, and he was soon playing in junior tournaments across Europe, telling the Rwandan news media that a professional tennis career was his dream. “I want to be among the best tennis players this country will ever have,” he said. Tennis may be played worldwide, but excluding Antarctica, Africa is the only continent with a lone player among the top 50 men or women: Kevin Anderson, a white South African. Many of Anderson’s countrymen and women  —   all white  —   have excelled in elite tennis, including the former No. 3 Amanda Coetzer Wayne Ferreira Kevin Curren, Africa’s last Grand Slam singles finalist and Johan Kriek, who won    Australian Open titles in the 1980s. North Africans have also starred. The Moroccans Younes   and Hicham Arazi were   players who made deep runs in Grand Slam tournaments in the early 2000s. Ons Jabeur of Tunisia won the girls’ title at the French Open in 2011, and No. 53 Malek Jaziri of Tunisia will play at the United States Open this week. Technically, a North African has won Wimbledon: Jaroslav Drobny of Egypt in 1954. Czechoslovakian by birth, Drobny defected in 1949 and settled on Egyptian citizenship before securing British papers. But aside from South Africans,   Africa is deeply underrepresented in world tennis. Once ranked 74th, Yahiya Doumbia of Senegal won two ATP tournaments in France, in Lyon in 1988 and in Bordeaux in 1995. For most fans, Doumbia’s will be the only unrecognizable name on the list of those competitions’ champions, dropped in among John McEnroe, Pete Sampras, Ivan Lendl, Andy Roddick and Richard Gasquet. Nduka Odizor of Nigeria topped out at No. 52 in 1984, a year after he won his only ATP tournament. Odizor learned to play tennis in Lagos but was spotted there by a visiting University of Houston professor, who sponsored a move to Texas, where Odizor finished high school and became an   for Houston. Emigration from Africa to lands of greater tennis opportunity remains viable. The   black player from   Africa today is Takanyi Garanganga of Zimbabwe, which has its own history of successful white players. Garanganga benefited from Zimbabwe’s relatively strong junior program, but the country’s economic woes and interest from a United   Zimbabwean coach prompted his family to move to Atlanta when he was 13. Garanganga climbed the junior rankings, emerged as a top college prospect and declined scholarship offers to turn pro in 2009. Although once ranked as high as No. 288, Garanganga was 495th as of last week. The only other black African players in the men’s top 1, 000 are No. 930 Alexis Klegou of Benin, who grew up in France and attended Texas AM, and No. 988 Duncan Mugabe, a Ugandan who has played mostly in Africa. The   black African women are No. 551 Valeria Bhunu of Zimbabwe and No. 892 Lesedi Jacobs of Namibia. At Cercle Sportif, Habiyambere has little trouble with Havugimana, one of the few players within Rwanda’s borders capable of giving him a match. Habiyambere wins,     closing with a   winner down the line to break and a service game held at love. Three days later, I take the court for my weekly session with Habiyambere. He charges expatriates like me $6 for an hour’s lesson. It is the only income his family earns. One hot January several years ago, when I lived in Accra, Ghana, I boarded a minibus headed west to Winneba, home of Ghana’s National Sports College and site of the I. T. F. ’s West and Central African Junior Championships. I was playing tennis regularly with one of Ghana’s   juniors. As with Habiyambere, I paid him several dollars an hour to hit and, basically, to be badly beaten. In Winneba, a taxi dropped me at a semicircle campus of concrete basketball courts, concrete classroom buildings and concrete dormitories. Through these were the tennis courts, and while they were lined with concrete grandstands, the backstop fences were sturdy and the courts painted the fresh green and blue of professional tournaments. They were the first hardcourts without cracks that I had seen in Africa. I met Amine Ben Makhlouf, the director of the I. T. F. training center in Casablanca, Morocco. A Moroccan a few years past his playing prime, Ben Makhlouf was there to manage the tournament and scout promising players. I asked him if there was   talent in Africa. “Our feeling,” Ben Makhlouf said, “is if Africa can make it in football, why not tennis?” The   boys’ draw included a New     named William Bushamuka. He would eventually rank among the world’s top 200 juniors, train at IMG Academy in Florida and compete for the University of Kentucky, where today he ranks among the top collegians. Bushamuka did not win the tournament. Seydou Diallo did. Diallo was from sparsely populated Mali, its team   by a Peace Corps volunteer who estimated there were only 40 Malian children playing organized tennis. One of them  —   Diallo  —   beat Bushamuka twice, in the   stage and in the semifinals. The lanky Diallo possessed height that suggested a power game, but he relied instead on looping groundstrokes to pin opponents behind the baseline and wear them down with consistency. In both victories over Bushamuka and in the final against Nigeria’s best player, he dropped the opening set before his unassailable defense frustrated his opponents into impatience, errors and lost sets. For Ben Makhlouf, such evidence of African tennis promise abounds. When I spoke with him again this year, he cited the presence of Africans on American college teams and the success players have had with I. T. F. traveling teams. “We have seen that some of them who were part of the training center made good results by beating some of the top European players,” he said. Ben Makhlouf’s colleague Thierry Ntwali, a Rwandan who runs the I. T. F. ’s East Africa training center, told me, “It’s possible to get our best players in the top 50, top 20, in I. T. F. juniors rankings. ” Ntwali’s best evidence is Sada Nahimana, a    girl from Burundi. Nahimana has won continental championships three times, and excluding South Africans, she is the   junior from   Africa, at No. 176. “We feel that around the age of 17, she will be top 50,” Ntwali said. At Wimbledon this year, Serena Williams was asked if she was surprised that so few African women played on the world tour. “Yes,” she replied. Williams, who has conducted clinics on the continent, said she saw “so much talent. ” She added, “There has to be, one day, a player from Africa that can do really well. ” I sat with Habiyambere one morning at Cercle Sportif’s bar. He spoke imperfect English, a reflection of spotty schooling in Rwanda, which has spurned French. Although English became an official language after the 1994 genocide  —     exiles toppled the perpetrating government  —   it was not till 2009 that the country, a former Belgian colony, switched to English in schools. The result is a tennis club where only younger players and educated members possess any English, scores are called in French, and net chatter carries on in Kinyarwanda. Habiyambere was describing his rise from disciple of Gasigwa to I. T. F. prospect at the federation’s High Performance Center in Morocco. “I was thinking I would never go in Europe,” he said. “I went in Europe because of tennis. ” Habiyambere had proved too strong for the competition at the smaller East Africa I. T. F. center. The move to Morocco, where the Malian Diallo was also training, was intended to push Habiyambere up the federation’s Pyramid of Opportunity, the pinnacle of which is a   junior ranking, an achievement thought to indicate that a boy can mature into a   man. An important step is participation on travel teams because, Ben Makhlouf said, “the best way to improve is to play competitions. ” Habiyambere’s first European match, on his first trip out of Africa, was in France. “I was excited,” he said. “First match I was really scared. ” Habiyambere lost and listed the reasons: “changing weather,” “you’re thinking too much,” “my body was tight. ” But he settled down and won elsewhere in Europe. “The time you play more matches,” he said, “is the time you feel like you get match it’s normal. You feel like it’s practice. You feel like, I can do this I can do this. ” Still, Habiyambere did not win any tournaments on the tour. I asked if he thought the European players were simply better. “The difference was, they have more matches,” he said, adding, “For them, the tournaments and matches, they don’t get scared. ” One day last year at the Morocco center, Habiyambere collapsed during training. He recovered but fainted again days later. Habiyambere could not articulate a diagnosis, but I. T. F. coaches I spoke with suggested he was having seizures, an ailment the federation would not monitor. They sent Habiyambere home to Rwanda. Doctors in Rwanda found no medical problems. Habiyambere said he was assured that he could return to Morocco if he felt better. But since last August, he has played only at Cercle Sportif. Ntwali, of the I. T. F. told me that Habiyambere was welcome back but that the federation needed proof he was medically sound. Habiyambere’s coach at Cercle Sportif, Sylvain Rutikanga, insisted that Habiyambere was healthy and that returning to the I. T. F. was a matter of paying tuition or playing tournaments to revive his scholarship. Tuition was not something Ntwali had mentioned. Vagueness of diagnosis, conflicting stories, opacity of the way forward, authorities acting (or not) for the powerless  —   Habiyambere is in a limbo all too common for many young Africans. He is highly skilled in his discipline, but without the means to leverage it. Another thing makes it difficult for Habiyambere: His father died when he was very young, relatives were lost in the 1994 genocide, and his mother has back and leg problems so severe that Habiyambere says she cannot work. “I’m the one who tries to take care of her,” he said. For an East African tennis champion, for a    ranked among the world’s top 750 juniors, fainting at tennis practice is not just a setback. It might mean a life derailed. “Ernest can be a bon joueur”  —   a good player  —   Rutikanga said. In Rutikanga’s French, the phrase translates better as “someone who can make it. ” “He has everything he has everything,” Rutikanga said. “He has la force he has la tête”  —   the strength and the head. “He is in bon condition. Now, he trains all alone. Now, it hurts me. ” Rutikanga is considered by many the best teaching coach in Rwanda. At 43 and with   tournament experience, he can still play with Habiyambere or feed flawless balls to a diplomat. Rutikanga made clear something I have heard at clubs across the continent. In Africa, he said, “the players who play tennis, they are people who come from families who are not rich. ” Habiyambere is an example, but so is Rutikanga. He came from a poor family, but one that lived near Cercle Sportif. As a child, Rutikanga could not afford club membership  —   I pay $110 annually for unlimited court time  —   but he was captivated by the foreigners and wealthy Rwandans driving by his neighborhood to play tennis. There was a back door: play at the more welcoming Hotel Diplomat courts by day and work for tips as a Cercle Sportif ball boy by night. “All the players you see here,” Rutikanga said of Cercle Sportif, “first they worked as ball boys. ” When Rutikanga talks about “the players,” he is making a distinction between club members and the young men and women who can really hit. Those players almost exclusively emerge from the handful of ball boys who fetch netted serves and water the dusty clay, or from clinics that Cercle Sportif holds for neighborhood children. (The club, at the Rwanda Tennis Federation’s request, is more open to nonpaying children than in Rutikanga’s childhood days.) Thus, the tennis talent pool in Rwanda is tiny and impoverished. I brought this up with Ben Makhlouf, the I. T. F. center director. “How many players are getting the right training, are getting the right coaching, are getting the right competition?” he said. “Let’s be nice: We will find a hundred persons. But if you go, for example, to a city like Barcelona, and all the academies there, you will find 5, 000  —   only in Barcelona. ” Further, Africa’s elite talent is so scattered it lacks competition for itself  —   hence the I. T. F. strategy of congregating top African players and exposing them to European competition. “We don’t have enough players playing competition at such level compared to Europe,” Ben Makhlouf said. In the case of Habiyambere, Ntwali, of the I. T. F. said bluntly, “Rwanda does not produce enough competition for him. ” No one is more aware of this than Habiyambere. “Our coaches, they are good,” he said proudly of Cercle Sportif and Rwanda. “They are not very good, but they are good. But the thing, you can’t coach someone who is not playing tournaments. ” The value of competition, Habiyambere said, is not just being pushed to another level but also facing different styles of play. “You have some people who hit hard, who hit flat,” he said. “There are some who like to push the ball inside the court. They make you like running. You find some players who have a lot of spin. ” He added, “You play matches you feel comfortable you feel the confidence. ” The U. S. T. A. newsletter that caught my eye recently, about “bringing tennis to Africa,” was highlighting an American volunteer’s   clinic in Cameroon and donation of rackets. Used equipment and guest clinics might help address the quantity factor of African tennis, perhaps drawing a few more youngsters to the game. But when it comes to Africa’s dearth of   players, the “lack of resources” lament boils down to access to competition. Habiyambere never asks me for a new racket he asks me for a bus ticket to Nairobi for the Kenya Open. Eric Hagenimana, a Rwandan coaching at a New Mexico tennis club, and Garanganga, today’s top black player from Africa, do not harp on poverty when describing Africa’s tennis plight. Hagenimana, 31, posted a youth record that still stands as the Rwandan benchmark. He reached No. 102 as a junior and defeated a    Kevin Anderson. “I don’t think about resources to produce a good tennis player,” Hagenimana told me over a Skype call from Albuquerque. “Look at Serbia, Djokovic and other guys from there. It doesn’t matter where you start. ” But support  —   financial and otherwise  —   becomes critical when players are vying for ranking points and meager prize money on the   professional circuits, Hagenimana conceded. Tennis careers come not to winners of junior tournaments but to players who show up week in and week out at disparate tournaments, cobble victories together to secure higher rankings, and maintain the rigor year after year. The costs of these logistics pose a serious challenge even for American and European players, who at least have several   tournaments each month to choose from and often have backing from their families to keep the dream alive. Garanganga said those juniors also had the advantage of an accepted “blueprint for tournaments kids need to play by the time they are 16 if they decide to turn pro. ” But if you are from the steep dirt streets by Cercle Sportif, you may have had access only to the 23 boys’ I. T. F. tournaments and the 14 men’s Futures tournaments that were held across   Africa in 2015. And a   bus ticket to Nairobi amounts to months of wages for the average family airfare to North Africa, where tournaments are more frequent, can run $1, 000. Garanganga said African coaches, tennis federations and parents often had distorted perceptions of players’ options. “The reason why we have junior players with some skill they haven’t developed is because they don’t have the right guidance to transition into the professional career,” he said. A couple of months ago, Habiyambere showed me a spreadsheet prepared by a local coach. The cost of competing in two Futures tournaments in Egypt totaled $3, 000. What, Habiyambere asked, could I do? His question captured more than an unfathomable financial stratosphere. It captured the mechanics of a livelihood. Hagenimana and Garanganga are tennis pros, but so are Habiyambere and the players at Cercle Sportif. There, a member typically forms a relationship with a single   and the association runs deeper than lessons and hourly rates. The relatively negligible fee I pay to hit with a national champion is supplemented by an unspoken expectation that I will pay for many sessions in advance that I will bring gifts of racket string when I return from an American vacation that I will have cash on hand should there be a problem at home that I will not abandon my coach for another that I will help sponsor him to compete in tournaments. All this I do. The fate of the best tennis players in Rwanda, then, is closely tied to the largess of those with whom they play. Life as an I. T. F. darling ends age, stagnated skill and hardship preclude money tournaments not everyone can move to the United States, as Hagenimana did. Perhaps Habiyambere will find a way back to an I. T. F. center. Perhaps a rich benefactor will sponsor him for a tennis academy abroad. Maybe Habiyambere is destined to remain at Cercle Sportif and become the next generation’s Sylvain Rutikanga. “My career is good,” Rutikanga told me. “I have a lot of clients. ” He is indeed always on the court when I am at Cercle Sportif. But there are not enough members and expats to sustain the dozen or so other players I know. What if Habiyambere never takes the next step? And what about all the other coaches? Rutikanga said each would give lessons “until he dies. ” Rutikanga added: “He will give lessons, play competitions. He will continue if he doesn’t have a problem  —   until he isn’t capable of playing. ” Across the continent, ever since I saw that newspaper photo of an Ivorian playing tennis during my Peace Corps days, I have asked African players and coaches whether a black player from   Africa will reach the top 100 in the next 10 years. Rutikanga was skeptical, saying, “We don’t have the players. ” Garanganga said he thought “the level of top African juniors participating internationally has dropped. ” And Hagenimana strained to be positive. “Top 200, maybe it can happen,” he said. “Top 100? I can never say no. ” But Ben Makhlouf and Ntwali of the I. T. F. want to believe. Ntwali, who has seen Nahimana, the Burundian teenager, scale the junior rankings, was the most optimistic. “WTA: Yes, 100 percent,” Ntwali said. “We will see some black girls coming up. For men, within five years we can get someone close to 200. ” There are days I believe, too. Especially when Habiyambere passes me with brutally paced, angled and dipped shots. Or when Rutikanga demonstrates a slight open racket face for a soft volley, the kind of instruction I would pay $75 an hour for in the United States. Then there are the matches on the Cercle Sportif clay. I recall how Habiyambere won the Gasigwa Memorial Tournament. He torqued forehands with such force that the resulting yellow arc appeared harshly parabolic. He skipped confidently beneath overheads. When his opponent stretched as if to suggest a tight back was slowing him down, he gazed with patient silence and remained merciless. On changeovers he organized water bottles with a deliberation worthy of Rafael Nadal and sat with the posture and flat feet of Andy Murray. When he won, Habiyambere shook hands with his opponent and the umpire. Then he turned to the grandstand and softly clapped his hand against his racket like Roger Federer.",0
4186,DAPL Protesters Proven Right as Largest Gas Pipeline in U.S. Experiences Massive and Deadly Explosion,"Home / BREAKING NEWS / DAPL Protesters Proven Right as Largest Gas Pipeline in U.S. Experiences Massive and Deadly Explosion DAPL Protesters Proven Right as Largest Gas Pipeline in U.S. Experiences Massive and Deadly Explosion Claire Bernish November 1, 2016 Leave a comment 
A massive explosion of a gas pipeline in Shelby County, Alabama — near the site where the same pipeline leaked some 336,000 gallons of gasoline just last month — evidences the exact reason activists and Native American water protectors oppose the construction of the Dakota Access Pipeline over 1,400 miles to the northwest. 
One person was killed and at least five people were injured in the blast — tentatively described as an accident — as Colonial Pipeline shut down operations black smoke billowed, sending millions into a panic over the abrupt and unexpected coming gas shortage. 
“Our deepest condolences go out tonight to the family and friends of the person who was lost today, and our thoughts and prayers are with those who were injured,” Colonial said in a statement, reported NBC News . 
Cited by the Chicago Tribune , Alabama Governor Robert Bentley said the explosion occurred roughly a mile west of last month’s rupture, adding of the likely crippling shortage of fuel, “We’ll just hope and pray for the best.” 
“It appears to have been an accident, and they’re allowing fuel to burn,” Bentley told WBRC . “It’s about one mile west of where the repair took place on the Colonial Pipeline just recently.” #LiveOn3340 : @BrianPia3340 reports on Colonial Pipeline company history after today's explosion in Shelby County https://t.co/6JjMNC6sce pic.twitter.com/Y8nT2Wo81s 
— ABC 33/40 News (@abc3340) October 31, 2016 
Refined gas poured from the pipeline as workers rushed to construct a 75-foot-long ‘earthen dam’ to contain the flaming spill, where fuel will then be allowed to burn itself out. Dry tinder from an ongoing drought in the area quickly ignited two wildfires after the explosion — which then charred 31 acres — and area residents were forced to evacuate without any indication when they would be permitted to return. 
“There’s a large plume of smoke; there’s a large fire,” noted Shelby County Sheriff’s Captain Jeff Hartley, as quoted by the Chicago Tribune . “We’re not sure exactly how it started or what caused it,” he said, adding of the massive deployment of fire and emergency personnel, “We’ve got first responders entering the area, and a lot of them.” 
Apart from the worker killed, subsequent reports downplayed the extent of injuries suffered by those at the blast site, AL.com reported seven of the “eight or nine” subcontractors working in the area had suffered severe burns from the explosion. According to Shelby County Sheriff John Samaniego, two of those workers — all of whom had begun digging in an effort to flush one of the lines as repairs continued on the original leak — may still be missing , though that information was both unconfirmed and unclear because extreme heat from flames emanating at the site of the explosion prevented further assessment. 
Colonial noted in a brief statement cited by a local ABC affiliate that both pipelines — one transporting gasoline, the other distillates, had been shut down, and, further, 
“Colonial’s top priorities are the health and safety of the work crew on site and protection of the public.” 
According to a later report from Reuters , the fire had been ‘contained’ by around 9 pm local time — yet no further word about the possibly-missing subcontractors has been provided. Incredible video of the Colonial Pipeline leak from Ryan Burtis. Our thoughts & prayers to all pic.twitter.com/NUOdoaW7O5 
— WBRC FOX6 News (@WBRCnews) October 31, 2016 
Fears of yet another gas shortage akin to that from the September leak — as well as consequent soaring prices — spawned lengthy lines at gas stations as soon as news of the explosion hit headlines. Reuters explains: 
“Colonial, the biggest refined products system in the United States, is responsible for supplying about one-third of the 3.2 million barrels per day of gasoline consumed on the East Coast, according to U.S. Energy Department data.” 
Further, “It was not clear whether the explosion happened on the gasoline or the distillates pipeline, the governor said in the briefing.” 
Although the aforementioned details handily summarize the facts of the explosion — occurring during active repairs of the previous, sizeable leak — the facts do little to quantify potential environmental and health impacts of an explosion and leak of this magnitude. 
This explosion of a major pipeline supplying fuel to large portions of the Southeast and East coast serves an ominous portent for ongoing opposition to construction of the hotly contentious Dakota Access Pipeline slated to cross four states, traversing just north of the Standing Rock Sioux reservation in North Dakota. 
Standing Rock Sioux water protectors and Native Americans and Indigenous peoples from over 200 nations and their supporters fear that pipeline’s route — undercutting the Missouri River in several places — threatens to poison the tribal water supply and that of no less than 18 million others living downstream. Indeed, the Colonial Pipeline’s tragic mishap — the second in essentially the same section of pipe in about one month — darkly parallels the hundreds of similar accidents such pipelines are prone to. 
Residents of Bismarck, aware of Big Oil’s horrendous safety record, managed to thwart Energy Transfer Partners’ original plans for the pipeline to be routed near the city — so ETP, with assistance from the State, diverted Dakota Access to cross just north of the Standing Rock Sioux reservation on privately-owned land. 
Rightly viewed by pipeline opponents as blatant exploitation of Native Americans — as well as a violation of an 1851 treaty with the U.S. government — Standing Rock Sioux water protectors and supporters have camped along the Missouri for months in an effort to halt construction as a lawsuit languishes in federal court. 
Big Oil, Big Banks , and government backers obviously view future profiteering from the pipeline important enough to send in absurdly militarized police from at least five states to combat pipeline opponents — who have remained on the whole peaceful, prayerful, and unarmed. 
ETP insists the opposition is misguided and Dakota Access offers a safe alternative to the ‘riskier’ oil transportation methods of railroad and tanker truck — but even the company’s own records listing thousands of spills in just the last six years flatly dispute such claims. Worse, although pipeline leaks and spills might technically be less frequent than those caused by railroad accidents, the International Energy Agency notes pipeline mishaps leaked three times more crude over an eight-year period. 
In fact, Big Oil’s general safety record is nearly impossible to fully track, in part because such spills, leaks, explosions, and other accidents are startlingly common and no less perilous to workers, residents, the environment — and, yes, the rapidly dwindling water supply. 
A report by the Center for Effective Government attempting to map and quantify crude and other industry spills found not only are “ruptures and leaks a daily occurrence,” but “Eighty people have died and 389 have been injured in such incidents in the last five years. 
“Since 2010, over 3,300 incidents of crude oil and liquefied natural gas leaks or ruptures have occurred on U.S. pipelines. These incidents have killed 80 people, injured 389 more, and cost $2.8 billion in damages. They also released toxic, polluting chemicals in local soil, waterways, and air.” 
According to the Pipeline and Hazardous Materials Safety Administration, as noted in the report , those spills and ruptures sent 7 million gallons of crude into the environment. Further illustrating the imperative to oppose construction of Dakota Access, one of the worst spills occurred in North Dakota — not by human error or poor maintenance — but when lightning struck a crude oil pipeline, spilling 840,000 gallons of crude into a wheat field in 2013. 
While the oil and gas industry and its wealthy proponents in government would attempt to pull the wool over the public’s eyes about pipeline safety, using crafty language and skewed statistics, the truth is, no safe manner for transporting oil and gas actually exists. 
Opposition to the Dakota Access Pipeline simply isn’t confined to a Native American issue, as exploitive as that facet is — but when pipelines traverse pristine lands, farm acreage, and the rivers and waterways we depend on to sustain us, we’re all at risk. 
What scant corporate media coverage of the Standing Rock Sioux Tribe’s stand against Big Oil does exist has painted the fight as limited in scope; but thousands encamped along the pipeline’s planned route — who face an unusually bitter winter , no less — are in fact taking a stand for every person and every creature who would be devastated in the event of a future oil spill. Share",0
4187,Cal State Prof. Says Trump Should Have Twitter Access Revoked over Climate Change Beliefs - Breitbart,"Professor Joseph Palermo of California State University argued that Donald Trump should have his Twitter access revoked because of his beliefs on climate change. [In an editorial piece for The Huffington Post, Palermo addressed his concerns over climate change denial on the political right. Palermo argued that Trump shouldn’t be allowed to use internet technology like Twitter because of his attitudes towards climate change science.  “I’ve always believed that people who dismiss science in one area shouldn’t be able to benefit from science in others,” he wrote. “If Trump and his cohort believe the science of global warming is bogus then they shouldn’t be allowed to use the science of the Internet for their Twitter accounts, the science of global positioning for their drones, or the science of nuclear power for their weaponry. ” Palermo claimed that Trump wasn’t the only influential republican that he was concerned about with regards to attitudes towards climate change science. It’s not just the people around Trump who reject the science of climate change. The leadership of the Republican Party  —   from House Speaker Paul Ryan to Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell, to the chairs of the key science and technology committees in Congress, to the Republicans’ favorite think tanks  —   all share the fossil fuel industry’s preference that the U. S. government does nothing to address the most serious planetary crisis humanity has ever faced. The Republicans’ cravenness on climate change is clear. After claiming for years that the science was “inconclusive” (or a “hoax”) they held the public position that they opposed any concerted action to reduce greenhouse gases because China and India would never go along. Then, in 2015, when China and India signed on to the Paris Climate accords, Mitch McConnell and the Republican leaders began telling foreign governments that the Republicans would fight against any international deal on climate change in any case. Palermo has a history of radical statements. Writing in the LA Progressive, Palermo claimed that the 2016 Presidential election “felt at times like the prolonged public lynching of the nation’s first black president. ”",0
4188,’RESIST!’: Democrats Turn ’Ideas Conference’ into Republican Hatefest,"WASHINGTON, DC  —   Some of the Democratic Party’s biggest names convened on Tuesday at the Four Seasons Hotel in Georgetown to speak at the Center for American Progress’s (CAP) 2017 Ideas Conference, where they called for even greater resistance against President Donald Trump and his White House. [House Minority Speaker Nancy Pelosi, Sen. Elizabeth Warren ( ) Sen. Kamala Harris ( ) DNC Deputy Chairman Keith Ellison, and Gold Star father Khizr Khan were among major Democrat players present who devoted their time on stage to attacking President Trump and showing no signs or efforts to work with the other side.  The event evoked a stirring response from the Republican National Committee. RNC spokesman Michael Ahrens responded to the Democratic lawmakers’ rhetoric and said they were out of touch with millions of everyday Americans who are tired of seeing and hearing divisive politics. “As they plot their strategy of resistance, Democrats continue to ostracize the millions of Americans who want their representatives to work together, not sit around and come up with ways to say no,” Ahrens said. “Their allegiance to CAP’s extreme,   policies shows how out of touch Democrats are with   Americans all across the country. ” “It is time to resist. It is time to fight back,” Sen. Warren said from her pulpit at the Four Seasons, where she called for greater campaign finance reform. Rep. Maxine Waters ( ) called, once again, for Trump to be impeached. “Maxine Water was right. You’ve got to impeach him. ” Booker, who is seen as a rising star in the Democratic Party, gave a rousing and passionate speech about the struggle Americans in disadvantaged parts of the nation face. He delivered the conference’s closing remarks. However, he also made a push for bigger government and welfare, citing people in his own community in New Jersey who live at or beneath the poverty line and who rely on handouts to afford their next meal. Of the Democrats who spoke, Booker seemed to be the most willing to work with Republicans. He asked the Democrats to focus their attention on their constituents and back away from their incessant attacks on President Trump. “I want to dedicate myself, but we cannot just be a party of resistance. We’ve go to be a party that’s reaffirming the American Dream,” Booker said. “We can’t just be a party that’s focused on the person in the White House. We’ve got to be focused on those folks in inner cities, in factory towns, in the grassroots of our country. ” Khizr Khan told the crowd that had gathered, “My offer to Donald Trump to read the Constitution remains standing,” referring back to the time he held up a   version of the Constitution at the DNC in July 2016. “One more time he has proven that he is unfamiliar with the basic tenants of our democracy,” he claimed. After apologizing in advance for possibly raising his voice, Khan said, “Maybe this voice will reach 1600 Pennsylvania even now. ” He added, “l am from Charlottesville, Virginia. Charlottesville, Virginia, was declared several months ago by my courageous mayor, Mike Signer, to be the capital of resistance of the United States. ” DNC Vice Chair Keith Ellison said, “If there is one blood bath that we have been suffering in elections, it is secretaries of state. ” Ellison then questionably suggested, “Democratic secretaries of state don’t actually try to favor a party. They just try to make sure there’s a fair election. Republican secretaries of state   …     they absolutely tilt the tables in terms of their side. ” Meanwhile, outside of Tuesday’s conference, the divided Democratic Party splintered further as rhetoric from within its own ranks exposed how truly out of touch its leaders are. Chicago Mayor Rahm Emanuel slammed the Democrats in a Politico article, saying they come off as a “party disdainful of [the middle class].   …     We don’t talk about and fight for the middle class like we are. We believe we’re for them, but they don’t —  if they don’t hear we’re for them, then we got a problem,” Emanuel reportedly said. He added that the Democrats are so   on the narrative surrounding President Donald Trump that they are blinded to what’s actually going on inside their own party. “Talking to ourselves and persuading ourselves,” Emanuel said, “is not going to be the way you get to a majority. ” Democrats lashed out at Sen. Bernie Sanders ( ) saying he “made a mockery” of the unity process and blamed him for dividing the party more than before. “The fact that Tom Perez has given Sanders a platform without Sanders genuinely agreeing to work toward ‘unity’ has made a mockery of the whole process and literally divided the party more than it was before the tour began,” Markos Moulitsas, the founder of the liberal Daily Kos site, told Politico. “It has been a disaster. ” He added, “Yes, Perez and company are clearly afraid of Sanders and his followers, but letting Sanders make a mockery of the party doesn’t exactly help it build in the long haul. ” Follow Adelle Nazarian on Facebook and Twitter.",0
4190,Limbaugh: ’Fantasy’ of Trump Working With Democrats Will End When Gorsuch Confirmation Is Filibustered - Breitbart,"Thursday on his nationally syndicated radio show, conservative talker Rush Limbaugh dismissed the possibility of President Donald Trump working alongside Democrats as “fantasy. ”  Limbaugh said this fantasy would come to an end when Democrats filibuster the Supreme Court confirmation vote of Judge Neil Gorsuch likely to happen next month, which Limbaugh said will be done out of a necessity for Democrats to fundraise. Transcript as follows (courtesy of Rushlimbaugh. com): Now, folks, I did not mean to cause any undue concern here. Let me close the loop, dot the I’s and cross the T’s. This fantasy of working with the Democrats, and the New York Times clearly is hot and bothered. The New York Times, when you read this editorial, they’re clearly in the advanced stages of foreplay. They’re on the verge, they think that it’s gonna happen. I’m gonna tell you, they’re gonna have a cold shower, everybody is. This fantasy of working with the Democrats is gonna be put to bed on April 7th or whenever the Senate votes on Gorsuch and the Democrats filibuster it. ‘Cause I don’t care what the Freedom Caucus has done, when it comes down to Gorsuch, the Democrats are not gonna vote for the guy. If they have to, they’ll filibuster him. The name of the game is resistance. That’s how the Democrats keep their donations coming in. It’s how the DNC is gonna be reconstituted, resistance, resistance, oppose. Hillary was out there talking about it in San Francisco in the black leather jacket. You think that was an accidental wardrobe choice? Ha. Hardly. So Trump’s gonna get angry all over again at the Democrats when they filibuster Gorsuch. I was watching Lindsey Grahamnesty on TV today. Lindsey Grahamnesty is a guy, the last thing in the world that he would ever want to do is pull the nuclear option. Preserve the Senate rules. But he was loaded for bear today talking about the Democrats. He said (paraphrasing) “If they can’t vote for Neil Gorsuch, then it’s clear there’s not a single judge any Republican would ever nominate they would vote for. ” I’m sitting there saying, are you just now figuring this out? But I’ll take it, if he’s just now figuring it out. So they’re gonna filibuster Gorsuch. Did you hear what Pelosi said about Gorsuch? I know you guys, I know you get tired of me sometimes being repetitive, but I’m telling you, I only repeat what they say. Did you hear what Pelosi said about Gorsuch? I’m paraphrasing, it’s pretty close. “If you drink water and breathe air, you need to oppose Neil Gorsuch. ” I know. I know. The Republicans are blamed for all this pollution out there. And you don’t think anybody takes it seriously. The question is, why is Nancy Pelosi not laughed and hooted out of politics with a comment like that? Why does anybody give her any credence whatsoever? And yet the media and Democrat analysts talk about that, “She’s brilliant. That’s a brilliant strategy, to blame the guy for dirty water and dirty air. ” It’s akin to Republicans want to destroy the planet. Why do Republicans want to destroy where they live? But the Democrats live and die with this stuff. She uses it because it still works, is the problem, and it works with the lunatics that send her money and vote for her. Imagine, if you like drinking water  —   it’s not a matter of like you have to do that. And if you like breathing, Neil Gorsuch is not your judge, as though Gorsuch is gonna try to stop you from drinking water, breathing air, or poison it. It’s just absurd. Follow Jeff Poor on Twitter @jeff_poor,  ",0
4191,"Right lads, Wall around Britain","Topics: Donald Trump , Theresa May Friday, 11 November 2016 
If nothing else, Donald Trump's election has at least proven a godsend for the bricks and mortar industry. Walls are in....so to say. 
In the wake of America's intention to erect a wall along its border to Mexico, Britain's Prime Minister, Theresa May, has declared she will do the same around the coast of Britain, and is hoping for a considerable discount from masonry moguls and brick-wall builders. 
""The Mexico-USA border is around 2,000 miles, and the coastline of Britain is also around 2,000 miles. We could go for a 2 for 1. I always do that at Sainsbury's, I'm sure those nice wall companies will oblige.""Trump immediately voiced support for the idea. ""A cute businesswoman that May...2 for 1 ... I like it. Maybe I'll appoint a Minister of State for Walls"". 
Walls are becoming popular on the domestic front, too. Compounds and fencing are changing the face of British housing complexes.""It's crazy."" said an enclosure expert, ""People are now building a home and then buidling a huge wall around it. Fencing is often not enough. Walls eliminate visibility. That's what people want. You can't look out and you can't look in. Can't see anything. People are simply yearning to be destitute of vision."" 
But things can get out of hand. Matthew Clement was arrested in Chingford this week for building a wall around his mother-in.-law. ""I just felt..we've got to protect ourselves,"" explained Clement, ""I want my country back...er...I want my peace and quiet back...So a wall is...well...fair do...innit"". 
A mortar dealer welcomed the development. ""Solid walls are magnificent structures. You can't push them down and they hide the truth, which can be painful. And you can sit on them. You can't sit on a fence..unless you're in the Labour party of course..."" Make T. Loaf's day - give this story five thumbs-up (there's no need to register , the thumbs are just down there!)",0
4192,Obama’s Last Stand Against War on Syria,"Obama’s Last Stand Against War on Syria November 4, 2016 
Exclusive: For five years, President Obama has resisted neocon/liberal-interventionist pressure to go to war against Syria, but – as his departure grows near – the hawks see more “regime change” wars coming into view, says Joe Lauria. 
By Joe Lauria 
Through five years of war in Syria, President Obama has been in a constant internal struggle with hawks in his administration who want the U.S. to directly intervene militarily to overthrow the Syrian government. 
On at least four occasions Obama has stood up to them, although at other times he has compromised and gone half way toward the hawkish position. Now, with less than three months to go in office, Obama appears to be leaving his Syria policy to those aligned with the lead hawk who might soon take Obama’s place. President Barack Obama in the Oval Office. 
As Secretary of State until early 2013, Hillary Clinton failed to convince Obama to consistently take a tough line on Syria. She wanted him to realize her two main policies, which she still clings to: a “safe zone” on the ground and a “no-fly zone” in the air – meaning that Syrian government forces and their allies, including the Russians, would be barred from operating in those areas. 
Protected by U.S. air power and other military means, rebels seeking to oust Syrian President Bashar al-Assad would, in effect, have an untouchable staging area to launch attacks on the government without its ability to hit back. Clinton has called removing Assad a top foreign policy priority. 
Clinton followed a similar model in 2011 when she convinced a reluctant Obama to adopt a plan in Libya to overthrow Muammar Gaddafi under the pretext of “protecting civilians” when Gaddafi launched an offensive against rebels in eastern Libya whom he identified as terrorists. After the U.S. and European military intervention, Gaddafi was ousted, tortured and murdered – prompting Clinton to quip “we came, we saw, he died” – but the “regime change” turned Libya into a failed state. 
Indeed, the Libyan chaos – now with three rival governments and terrorist enclaves – has become emblematic of the disarray following “regime change” that has marked nearly two decades of neoconservative influence in Washington, a strategy of dividing and weakening defiant states while U.S. contractors profit from the chaos that bleeds the locals to death. 
Lost Lessons 
Obama learned from Libya, which he deemed his biggest regret for having no plan for the aftermath. The fiasco left him deeply skeptical about intervention in Syria, although – given his prescient opposition to the 2003 invasion of Iraq – he should have already understood what happens after the U.S. overthrows regimes these days. Ousted Libyan leader Muammar Gaddafi shortly before he was murdered on Oct. 20, 2011. 
In the early years of the CIA — in Syria in 1949, Iran in 1953, and Guatemala in 1954, as illegal and as unjustified as those coups were — the agency had viable leaders groomed to take over. But all that changed after the Cold War ended. Then careless wishful thinking replaced any careful planning. 
“We can use our military in the Middle East and the Soviets won’t stop us,” arch-neocon Paul Wolfowitz boasted before the Iraq invasion. 
Today neoconservatives and liberal interventionists (such as Clinton) act like gamblers who can’t leave the table. Disasters for Iraqis, Libyans and others haven’t dissuaded these American war advocates from pushing more chips onto the table over Syria. Indeed, their failures – and the lack of any personal accountability for their catastrophes – seem to have only emboldened them to keep gambling. 
These “regime change” schemes – in the guise of “spreading democracy” in the Middle East – have only spread chaos and terrorism, but those conditions only give the hawks more reasons and excuses to intervene, thus creating more chaos and making more money, while weakening nations defying Washington. 
Clinton began laying a bet on “regime change” in Damascus by pushing to arm rebels in the summer of 2012. One of her leaked emails explains her motive: to break up the Teheran to Damascus to southern Lebanon supply line to Hezbollah — a longstanding Israeli objective. 
At that point, Obama refused to arm the rebels, but the President apparently didn’t have full control over his national security bureaucracy, which seemed to have found ways to aid the Syrian rebels despite Obama’s reluctance, possibly by encouraging U.S. regional allies, including Saudi Arabia, Qatar, Turkey and Israel. 
An August 2012 Defense Intelligence Agency document , which was made public last year, showed that U.S. intelligence agencies were well aware of where these operations were headed, with or without Obama’s approval. 
Ret. Gen. Mike Flynn, who ran the DIA at the time, has said it was a “willful decision” in Washington to support a “Salafist principality” — a safe area for jihadist rebels — in eastern Syria to put pressure on Assad’s government in Damascus. Flynn didn’t say who in Washington ultimately decided on this risky scheme, but the DIA document warned that the Salafists could join with jihadists from Iraq to form an “Islamic State.” And indeed two years later, that was exactly what happened. 
While this “Salafist principality” was gestating in summer 2013, Obama again showed some independence on Syria after assessing the disastrous consequences of the Clinton-led “regime change” in Libya, i.e., a failed state radiating arms and jihadis to Syria and the Sahel. 
However, at this point – battered by think-tank and media commentaries decrying him as “soft” and “weak” – Obama compromised with the hawks and eventually agree d to arm and train some of the rebels, supposedly the “moderate” kind. But he resisted pressure to launch cruise missiles against Syrian government targets after his “red line” was supposedly crossed by a chemical weapons attack outside Damascus that killed hundreds of people. 
As we now know, the CIA did not think it was a “slam dunk” that the Syrian government did it, though the mainstream U.S. media imposed a “group think” blaming the sarin attack on Assad. But significant evidence pointed to the rebels trying to create an incident that would draw the U.S. military into the war directly on the jihadist side. 
Sensing that a trap was being laid to entice the U.S. into another Mideast war, Obama instead took Russia’s offer to have Syria give up its chemical weapons stocks, which in time it did, infuriating the neocons. 
An Even Bolder Putin Offer 
Russian President Vladimir Putin followed with another offer to the United States in September 2015, delivered from the podium of the U.N. General Assembly. He proposed joint U.S.-Russian airstrikes against the now fully formed Islamic State and associated jihadists. Russian President Vladimir Putin addresses UN General Assembly on Sept. 28, 2015. (UN Photo) 
More than three years earlier, I reported that Russia’s motive to support Assad was to stop the spread of jihadism that threatened the West and Russia. Before the U.N., Putin put it on the record, invoking the World War II alliance between the Soviet Union and the West to confront a greater threat, Nazism. 
“Similar to the anti-Hitler coalition, it could unite a broad range of parties willing to stand firm against those who, just like the Nazis, sow evil and hatred of humankind,” Putin said. 
By then, the jihadists had clearly become the greater evil in Syria with their practice of decapitating Western hostages as well as locals deemed religious “apostates.” In time Islamic State also would plan or inspire terror attacks in France, Belgium, Germany, Egypt and the United States. By contrast, Assad was an undemocratic leader governing a police state but he posed no threat to the West. 
However, by 2015, the demonization of Vladimir Putin was well underway and his offer was spurned by Western leaders. Obama, who faced mainstream ridicule for “failing to enforce his red line” in Syria and for not being tough enough on Russia, joined in rejecting Putin’s offer. 
We now know why. In a leaked audio conversation with Syrian opposition figures in September, Secretary of State John Kerry said the U.S., rather than seriously fight Islamic State in Syria, was ready to use the growing strength of the jihadists to pressure Assad to resign, just as outlined in the DIA document. 
“We know that this was growing, we were watching, we saw that Daesh [a derisive name for Islamic State] was growing in strength, and we thought Assad was threatened,” Kerry said. “We thought however we could probably manage that Assad might then negotiate, but instead of negotiating he got Putin to support him.” 
Russia began its military intervention in late September 2015 without the United States, with the Kremlin’s motives made abundantly clear by Putin and other Russian officials. 
For instance, last month, Putin told French TV channel TF1: “Remember what Libya or Iraq looked like before these countries and their organizations were destroyed as states by our Western partners’ forces? … These states showed no signs of terrorism. They were not a threat for Paris, for the Cote d’Azur, for Belgium, for Russia, or for the United States. Now, they are the source of terrorist threats. Our goal is to prevent the same from happening in Syria.” 
Such clear explanations are rarely reported clearly by Western corporate media, which instead peddles the line from officials and think tanks that Russia is trying to recover lost imperial glory in the Middle East. 
Worries about Damascus 
But Kerry knew why Russia intervened. “The reason Russia came in is because ISIL [another acronym for Islamic State] was getting stronger, Daesh was threatening the possibility of going to Damascus, and that’s why Russia came in because they didn’t want a Daesh government and they supported Assad,” he said in the leaked discussion. Kerry’s comment suggests that the U.S. was willing to risk Islamic State and its jihadist allies gaining power in order to oust Assad. Secretary of State John Kerry with Samantha Power, U.S. Permanent Representative to the U.N., at the U.N. General Assembly on Sept. 20, 2016. (UN Photo) 
Kerry’s comments echoed those of senior Israeli officials who have pronounced the “Shiite crescent” from Iran through Syria to Hezbollah’s territory in Lebanon as Israel’s greatest strategic threat and have expressed a preference for an Al Qaeda or even an Islamic State victory in Syria to shatter that centerpiece of the “Shiite crescent.” 
In September 2013, in one of the most explicit expressions of Israel’s views, its Ambassador to the United States Michael Oren, then a close adviser to Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu, told the Jerusalem Post that Israel favored the Sunni extremists over Assad. 
“The greatest danger to Israel is by the strategic arc that extends from Tehran, to Damascus to Beirut. And we saw the Assad regime as the keystone in that arc,” Oren told the Jerusalem Post in an interview . “We always wanted Bashar Assad to go, we always preferred the bad guys who weren’t backed by Iran to the bad guys who were backed by Iran.” He said this was the case even if the “bad guys” were affiliated with Al Qaeda. 
In June 2014, Oren reiterated his position at an Aspen Institute conference. Then, speaking as a former ambassador, Oren said Israel would even prefer a victory by Islamic State, which was then massacring captured Iraqi soldiers and beheading Westerners, than the continuation of the Iranian-backed Assad in Syria. 
“From Israel’s perspective, if there’s got to be an evil that’s got to prevail, let the Sunni evil prevail,” Oren said. 
Israel’s preference extended into a tacit alliance with Al Qaeda’s Nusra Front in Syria, with which the Israelis developed essentially a non-aggression pact, even caring for Nusra fighters in Israeli hospitals and mounting lethal air attacks inside Syria against Lebanese and Iranian advisers to the Syrian military. 
In hoping that the jihadists could spearhead the overthrow of Assad while somehow not achieving a full-scale victory, U.S. officials may have thought they could somehow eat their cake and have it, too. 
Yet, that represents a major risk, essentially assuming that Assad would step down in some orderly transition of power rather than be ousted in a chaotic fight to the finish. But U.S. officials were apparently willing to take the chance of an Al Qaeda/Islamic State victory in Damascus. 
Putin warned the General Assembly about such a gamble with terrorism: “The Islamic State itself did not come out of nowhere. It was initially developed as a weapon against undesirable secular regimes.” He added that it was irresponsible “to manipulate extremist groups and use them to achieve your political goals, hoping that later you’ll find a way to get rid of them or somehow eliminate them.” 
Stopping the Jihadists 
Russia’s intervention seriously reversed the jihadists’ advances, alarming Saudi Arabia and Turkey. In February, they demanded that the U.S. support their invasion of Syria. It was a momentous moment for Obama: Would he risk war with Russia to save another “regime change” project? Video of the Russian SU-24 exploding in flames inside Syrian territory after it was shot down by Turkish air-to-air missiles on Nov. 24, 2015. 
U.S. Defense Secretary Ash Carter, a committed neocon, “welcomed” the Saudi-Turk plan to launch an invasion by air from Turkey’s Incirlik NATO air base and by land through the wastelands of Jordan or western Iraq. The Saudis staged a 30,000-man invasion war game in the desert. But Obama again stood up for reason and stopped it, at least for a time. 
In July, Turkish President Recep Tayyip Erdogan and his backers crushed an attempted coup . Erdogan seized the opportunity to eliminate almost all opposition to his near-total one-man rule. By late August, Erdogan was ready to make his next move with no one left in Turkey to oppose him. 
On Aug. 24, with U.S. air cover, Turkey invaded Syria. This time Obama did not stop him. Washington clearly approved as its planes protected Turkish tanks and infantry rolling across the border. Vice President Joe Biden was in Ankara a day before the invasion. 
The pretext was to fight Islamic State, but it became clear immediately that Turkey’s main target was to block advances by the Syrian Kurds, one of Islamic State’s toughest foes on the ground. The U.S. protested those attacks, but Washington surely knew what Turkey’s intentions were. 
The date – Aug. 24 – was significant because it was the 500 th anniversary of the start of the Ottoman empire when the Ottomans left Turkey and invaded their first country — Syria. 
It was hardly a coincidence when one considers Erdogan’s history. He spurred a violent police crackdown in Istanbul’s Ghezi Park in 2013 against demonstrators protesting his plan to build a replica of an Ottoman barracks in the park. In April, Erdogan named a new bridge over the Bosphorus after Osman, founder of the Ottoman Empire. 
An initial target of the invasion also was significant. On Oct. 16, Turkish-backed rebels captured the Syrian town of Dabiq from Islamic State, the site of a victory in 1516 that established the Ottoman Empire. 
Listening to Russia 
Still, Obama continued to drag his heels regarding a deeper U.S. role in Syria. Obama resisted the hawks again this summer by allowing Kerry to negotiate with Russia on Putin’s offer at the U.N.: to form a military alliance against Islamic State and Al Qaeda in Syria. Russia’s 2015 entry had turned the tide of the war in Syria’s favor but the war against the insurgency has stalled in Aleppo, where a third of the city remains largely under Al Qaeda control. Map of Syria. 
While Obama publicly slammed the Russians, projecting that they were on an imperial adventure that would wind up in a quagmire (exactly what has afflicted U.S. imperial adventures in various theaters), he kept plans for a safe zone and no-fly zone on hold. 
Nearly a year after Putin’s U.N. offer and after months of intermittent talks, Kerry and Foreign Minister Sergei Lavrov on Sept. 9 finally reached a deal to jointly fight terrorists in Syria. It was clear the agreement would ground the Syrian air force, resume humanitarian aid and agree on the identity of rebels to be jointly attacked, but U.S. officials insisted the terms remain secret. 
But Defense Secretary Ash Carter made no secret of his objection. On Sept. 8, he said : “In the current circumstance, it is not possible for the United States to associate itself with — let alone to cooperate in — a venture that is only fueling violence and civil war.” 
It was an extraordinary act of insubordination for which Carter was not punished. Once again Obama chose not to completely stand up to the hawks while authorizing a policy that they opposed. 
But then Carter’s objection to the deal went beyond words. Two days before it was to go into effect, warplanes from the U.S. military coalition killed more than 60 Syrian soldiers near Deir ez Zor in an air strike the Pentagon later said was an “accident.” U.N. Ambassador Samantha Power was hardly repentant as she condemned Russia’s attempt to discuss the incident at the Security Council as a “stunt.” 
Four days later, a U.N. aid convoy was attacked near Aleppo, killing more than 20 aid workers. The U.S. immediately blamed Russian air strikes without presenting any evidence. Russia says rebels were responsible. The U.S.-Russia deal was dead. 
Moscow eventually revealed the deal’s terms. At its heart was the separation of U.S.-backed rebels from Al Qaeda, which dominates a third of Aleppo. But once again, despite repeated pledges to do so, the U.S. government failed to separate them. Indeed, some “moderate” groups double-downed on their alliance with Al Qaeda. 
Syria and Russia had enough and declared all rebels fighting with Al Qaeda to be fair game. They commenced a furious bombardment of east Aleppo to crush the insurgency there once and for all. Putting all of Aleppo back into government hands would be a major turning point in the war but it has not proven easy. Instead the fierce aerial assaults have claimed numerous civilian lives, handing Russia’s opponents a public relations coup. 
Complaints of War Crimes 
Washington, London and Paris are leading the chorus of war crimes accusations against Russia (though the U.S. and Britain invaded Iraq without Security Council authorization in an act of aggression that led to the deaths of hundreds of thousands of Iraqis and can reasonably be seen as the supreme war crime.) British Prime Minister Tony Blair and U.S. President George W. Bush shake hands after a joint White House press conference on Nov. 12, 2004. (White House photo) 
Russia’s actions in Aleppo have been compared to Israel’s in Gaza. Two U.N. reports have said Israel may have been guilty of war crimes in 2012 and 2014 attacks on Gaza, but Israel has not been prosecuted at the International Criminal Court. 
The differences between Gaza and Aleppo are stark, however. Gazans are an indigenous people attacked by an Occupying Power. Syria and Russia are attacking the occupiers of east Aleppo – many of them foreign-backed mercenaries. 
People in Gaza cannot escape the city because of their attackers, while people in east Aleppo can’t escape because civilians who attempt to leave come under sniper fire. Also, rebel rockets fired from east Aleppo into west Aleppo kill large numbers of civilians, unlike Hamas’ rockets fired into Israel. 
But the most significant difference between the two cases of terrible human suffering is that the West defends Israel and deflects charges of war crimes while it accuses Russia and Syria of war crimes. 
Isolated from the context of the entire Syrian war against a foreign-backed rebellion, the battle for east Aleppo (usually reported as the whole city) has been framed by Western liberal media in the same way Sarajevo was in the 1990s. 
Then a highly complex war was boiled down to one battle, where Bosnian Serbs fired into civilian areas as part of a larger war aim (although the attacks were portrayed as simply a lust to kill civilians). Today it is Russia that Is accused of acting out of the pure intent to kill civilians with no other motive. 
The media’s reaction to the bombardment of east Aleppo has led to a sharp increase in rabid calls for Western military intervention against the Syrian government and possibly against Russia. The British parliament held a Russia-bashing session in October, including calls for war against Moscow. Neocon newspapers, such as The Washington Post, are itching for battle. A British general said the U.K. would be ready to fight Russia in two years — enough time for a Clinton administration to prepare. 
Already, U.S. neocons and liberal hawks are dreaming about “regime change” in Moscow with Putin replaced by a Wall Street-friendly leader like Boris Yeltsin who let Western interests plunder Russia’s resources during the 1990s. Yet, that may be just another example of the U.S. failure to anticipate the likely consequences of interventions. 
Even if Russia could be destabilized sufficiently to unseat Putin, the more likely result would be the rise of a fierce Russian nationalist, not a pro-Western “liberal” in the mold of Yeltsin. That might increase the risks of nuclear war, rather than give the West another compliant Russia. 
Plus, Putin would not be easily ousted, especially given his strong popular support, according to opinion polls. Indeed, some internal criticism of Putin has been that he has tried too hard to accommodate the West. 
But Washington’s modus operandi has been to continually provoke and blame a country until it becomes an adversary and stands up for itself, as Putin’s Russia has done. Then, the West accuses the country of “aggression” and justifies attacks against it as “self-defense.” 
We see these winds of war blowing in Ukraine, the Baltics, Poland and the Balkans — with NATO’s military posturing to counter “Russian aggression”— and in Syria, where neocon calls are increasing for the U.S. to strike the Syrian government. 
One More Stand 
Obama, apparently for the fourth time, kept the hawks at bay after a White House meeting last month in which military action was turned down in the face of Russia’s warning that it would target attacking U.S. aircraft. Former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton addressing the AIPAC conference in Washington D.C. on March 21, 2016. (Photo credit: AIPAC) 
Over the past five years, Obama has been almost the only brake on keeping the Syrian conflict — and relations with Russia — from spiraling completely out of control. But his voice is fading as he prepares to leave office on Jan. 20, 2017. 
Into this fevered environment steps Hillary Clinton who may win the White House within the week. She continues to call for a safe zone and a no-fly zone, despite the warning last month from Gen. Joseph Dunford, the chairman of the joint chiefs, that that would mean war with Russia. 
Still, Hillary Clinton has continued pushing for a military intervention as recently as the last presidential debate. 
“I’m going to continue to push for a no-fly zone and safe havens within Syria … not only to help protect the Syrians and prevent the constant outflow of refugees, but to gain some leverage on both the Syrian government and the Russians,” Clinton declared. 
She said this after admitting in one of her paid speeches , released by Wikileaks, that a no-fly zone will “kill a lot of Syrians.” 
The “safe zone” is supposed to shelter internally displaced Syrians to prevent them from becoming refugees. But it could also be used as a staging ground to train and equip jihadists intent on regime change, as was done in Libya. A safe area would need ground troops to protect it, although Clinton says there will be no U.S. ground troops in Syria. 
But Turkey also has been clamoring for a safe area on the ground for the past few years. Erdogan called for one (as well as a no-fly zone in northern Syria) as recently as last September in his address to the U.N. General Assembly. 
Russia’s reaction has been defiant, setting up an ominous game of chicken that could go nuclear. Maj. Gen. Igor Konashenkov said Russia would shoot down any American plane attacking the Syrian government. Russia has also deployed sophisticated air defenses in the country. This has given U.S. brass deep pause about confronting Russia in Syria. So far Russia has come out on top there, lessening the risks of confrontation that could escalate to the most dangerous levels. 
But would Hillary Clinton back down from her harsh rhetoric if she’s elected? Or would she appoint more hawkish military leaders? Obama’s half-way measures in Syria have left the door open to a Clinton administration that appears determined to ratchet up the regime change operation by calling Putin’s bluff. 
She also seems poised to arm the Ukrainian government and perhaps give Putin an ultimatum: give back Crimea or else. But what if Putin calls Clinton’s bluff and refuses, given the fact that the people of Crimea voted by 96 percent in a referendum to leave Ukraine and rejoin Russia? It’s a roll of the dice the hawks might be ready to toss. 
Washington’s hawks appear to have bested Obama this last time, since he has not stood in the way of Clinton’s allies inside his administration letting Erdogan pursue his neo-Ottoman fantasy (even to the point of fighting U.S.-backed Kurds) in exchange for Turkish NATO forces establishing a safe area without U.S. ground troops. Turkey and its rebel forces already control about 490 square miles in northern Syria. 
With less than three months left in office, Obama appears to have finally surrendered on Syrian policy, ceding it to the next president. 
Joe Lauria is a veteran foreign-affairs journalist based at the U.N. since 1990. He has written for the Boston Globe, the London Daily Telegraph, the Johannesburg Star, the Montreal Gazette, the Wall Street Journal and other newspapers. He can be reached atjoelauria@gmail.com and followed on Twitter at @unjoe .",0
4193,Donald Trump’s News Session Starts War With and Within Media - The New York Times,"He deemed BuzzFeed News “a failing pile of garbage,” mocked an inquiry about his tax returns  —   “Gee, I’ve never heard that one before”  —   and, in an   moment for a presidential news conference, shouted down questions from a CNN reporter, declaring, with some menace, “Not you. ” “Your organization is terrible,” said   Donald J. Trump, his voice rising as Jim Acosta of CNN tried to interject. “No, I’m not going to give you a question. I’m not going to give you a question. ” “You,” the   said, as Mr. Acosta and other stunned journalists looked on, “are fake news. ” Any hope that Mr. Trump would temper his attacks on the news media after the campaign seemed to dissipate in the marble atrium of Trump Tower on Wednesday, as the   holding his first news conference since July, turned a controversy over his ties to Russia into a deft and unrelenting attack on the journalists who reported it. It was a spectacle that attracted nearly 300 reporters to Midtown Manhattan  —   the news conference was carried live in Australia, England and Germany  —   and it came against an extraordinary backdrop: reports that intelligence officials had briefed Mr. Trump on a document alleging collusion between the Russian government and his campaign. CNN broke the news on Tuesday but declined to publish specific allegations, saying its reporters could not verify them. BuzzFeed News published the unverified claims in full, a move that prompted an ethical debate in journalistic circles  —   and offered Mr. Trump an opening. “The fact that BuzzFeed and CNN made the decision to run with this unsubstantiated claim is a sad and pathetic attempt to get clicks,” the incoming White House press secretary, Sean Spicer, said, inaccurately lumping the two news organizations together. But the result was classic Trump: Not only did he break the norms of presidential engagement with the news media, snubbing organizations because of an unflattering story, but he also had elements of a frustrated political press corps warring with one another. Immediately after the news conference, CNN defended its reporting and drew a sharp distinction between its news story and “BuzzFeed’s decision to publish unsubstantiated memos. ” On a broadcast, the CNN anchor Jake Tapper said that BuzzFeed’s move “hurts us all. ” “It’s irresponsible to put uncorroborated information on the internet,’’ Mr. Tapper said. “I can understand why   Trump would be upset about that I would be upset about it. too. ’’ Later, Chuck Todd, the NBC News moderator, repeatedly pressed BuzzFeed’s editor in chief, Ben Smith, on why unverified claims did not amount to “fake news. ” Mr. Smith, for his part, said he was “not going to participate in an attempt to divide the media against each other. ” (In a memo on Wednesday, BuzzFeed’s chief executive, Jonah H. Peretti, defended the move. “We are going to keep doing what we do best, which is deliver impactful journalism,” he wrote.) Still, by the time the news conference finished  —   with Omarosa Manigault, the “Apprentice” star and future member of the White House staff, heckling Mr. Acosta, shouting, “Cut it out!”  —   Mr. Trump had bobbed and weaved his way through nearly an hour of interrogation, offering vague answers to critical questions about his administration. Yet the conduct of the news media, a familiar foil from Mr. Trump’s campaign days, remained at the center of the day’s story. The treatment of Mr. Acosta raised alarms among news media advocates and his fellow journalists, particularly after Mr. Acosta described a threat by Mr. Spicer to eject him from the news conference when he persisted in trying to ask the   a question. Harsh words between reporters and press secretaries happen. But an anchor for a rival network, Shepard Smith of Fox News, later came to Mr. Acosta’s defense, saying that no “journalists should be subjected to belittling and delegitimizing by the   of the United States. ” The National Press Club also lamented Mr. Trump’s behavior, saying in a statement: “Presidents shouldn’t get to pick and choose which reporters’ questions they will answer based on what news outlet for which they work. ” Mr. Trump, who ultimately took one question from a CNN reporter, also called on journalists from two   organizations: BreitbartNews and One America News. Matthew Boyle, the Breitbart reporter, asked the   for his ideas on how to reform the news media. Mostly, however, Mr. Trump took questions from journalists at the major television networks, with John Roberts of Fox News going first. A Greek chorus of sorts  —   mostly Trump supporters and aides, including Ms. Manigault  —   watched from the side, applauding Mr. Trump and jeering questions from reporters they deemed unpleasant. A man who prides himself on finding an opponent’s weakness, Mr. Trump at one point zeroed in on an existential question that has lingered in many newsrooms since his surprise victory: How much does the traditional news media still matter in a polarized age? When Hallie Jackson, an NBC News correspondent, asked the   if he would finally release his tax returns, to verify his claim that he has no financial dealings in Russia, Mr. Trump scoffed. “You know, the only one that cares about my tax returns are the reporters, O. K.?” the   said. “They’re the only ones who ask. ” “You don’t think the American public is concerned about it?” Ms. Jackson asked. “I don’t think so,” Mr. Trump replied, before laying down the political equivalent of a  : ”I won. ”",0
4194,Dispatches from Wolf Country — Kale and Seal Liver,"  Without intention, Mike kind fulfills the proverb that not all who wander are lost. A 1973 graduate of the College of the Holy Cross with a BA in Philosophy, he had successfully dodged the draft during Vietnam, despite his lottery number of 29. Logically, after failing at being a bum for a year after college, he then enlisted in the Army. His theory was to hang out for two years, go to Germany, date blondes, drink lots of beer, improve his wretched German and come home to use the GI Bill for Graduate School. Didn’t quite work out that way; he did go to Germany and stayed five years first tour; married a red-headed American GI who worked in S2; did drink lots of beer and developed some acuity with pidgin Deutsch. Mike re-enlisted and then wandered through a great 23 years as a soldier. A lot of it sucked, of course; but, he avoided ending his adolescence until the end of the 23 years…since then, he’s been in a fight to regain that feeling of camaraderie, purpose and trust. Mike chose to stay a career NCO. There were a couple of dozen reasons, but they’re best summed up by the fact that he really didn’t like officers. He still doesn’t, sheepishly at times admitting that “Some of my best friends are officers. Some of my best friends are gay. Some of my best friends are gay officers. I’m not gay and I’m not an officer – I like it better that way.” He got his initial First Sergeant assignment in his 14th year and basically stayed a First Sergeant until he retired, as a First Sergeant. If he hadn’t retired, the day after the retirement would have been the day he pinned on CSM stripes but, as he says, “Some of my best friends are Sergeant Majors; some of my best friends are hookers. I’m not a Sergeant Major and I’m not a hooker and that works fine for me.” Since retiring, Mike’s worked in Labor Relations, HR and General Management for government, tribes, nonprofits and for profits including Defense Contractors. He’s found that his “not being a hooker” approach hasn’t necessarily worked to his career advantage. He’s picked up a bunch of irrelevant graduate degrees, that basically were there to teach you how to be a Hobbit. Hobbits are small, insignificant fearful types who scurry around getting in the way and accomplishing nothing of any great merit. He believes that the movies would have been infinitely better had the bad guys killed off all the Hobbits in the first part of the first movie, and then spent the rest of it avenging the little twits. Mike really hates Hobbits He’s a Senior Professional in Human Resources and a Six Sigma Black Belt. He plays guitar, reads, broods and drives too fast in fast cars – currently, a Mustang GT – channeling Hunter S. Thompson, patrolling “on the edge of the desert, just outside of Barstow.” An avowed leftist and philosophical Stoic, Mike admits that everything is probably going to hell, but thinks that it’s the duty of people of honor to work to stop it from going there too quick. Since he regards all veterans as his extended family, he expects that they’ll do the same. An oddly religious guy, Mike believes that God is a not very bright, self—entered and hormonal teenage girl obsessed with the Jonas Brothers and whether or not her Daisy Duke jeans make her ass look fat. They do, but he’s not going to be the one to tell her the truth. God can’t handle the truth. While he might write about anything, he’s really interested in business, economics and how to keep people from being screwed by machines, be they corporate, government, or societal. He's also interested in guitars... Dispatches from Wolf Country — Kale and Seal Liver By Mike Farrell on October 29, 2016 The reason why young people don't turn out for elections is because they don't remember how badly things can go. How hard can it be to run a country is a question asked by outsiders; how bad can it be is a question asked by those who don't remember; what's the worst thing that can happen is the one asked by well-insulated di pshits who should watch some footage of the Cultural Revolution in China interspersed with Triumph of the Will and 1984. A Center Right Party for Progressives! Pirate Party Logo With Dragon Head The Pirates promise to introduce direct democracy, subject the workings of government to more scrutiny and place the country’s natural resources under public ownership. The party also seeks tough rules to protect individuals from online intrusion. Jonsdottir, the Pirates’ most prominent voice, is a former ally of WikiLeaks who has called on Iceland to offer citizenship to National Security Agency leaker Edward Snowden.Opponents claim the inexperienced Pirates could scare off investors and destabilise an economy that is now recovering, with low unemployment and high growth. “We’d rather be naive than corrupt,” Jonsdottir said. – The Guardian, Oct 29, 2016 
Bill Mahar, the commentator comedian, had a bit going during the height of the “If Trump wins, I’m going to Canada!” thing that American progressives and liberals couldn’t all go to Canada because if they did, “Who’s going to eat all this fucking Kale!?” Well, perhaps this offers a solution. If the best thing in the world happens, perhaps we can export it to Iceland… Birgitta Jonsdottir, Iceland’s Pirate Party Leader — Stuff.Co.NZ 
Iceland strikes me more and more as a very cool place. Cold, but cool. Michael Lewis had a great Vanity Fair article “Wall Street on the Tundra” about the 2008 economic crisis worldwide focusing on Iceland. Iceland had no reason to be sucked into that mess but was, like a Long Ship dragged under the ocean by a Krakken powered whirlpool. Fishermen found themselves as real estate magnates and shepards as billionaire speculators, largely in the UK, leveraging debt and selling tranches of fish futures while getting used to driving Bentley’s and Astons around Reykjavik in Trump designer label suits under their seal skins. 
When it all went to hell, and it did, the country convulsed, shook it off, sent the fishermen-shepherd speculators back to sea and sheep while the poets, intellectuals and activists led largely by lesbian politicians,’various poets and saga translators; and World Strong Man champions took over and got things running again only with more transparency, efficiency and effectiveness. What the hell do you expect in a country where everybody is related to Bjork? And, of course, to Eric the Red and Leif Ericsson? In a country where the Parliament’s Official Name Translate from Danish to The Thing? 
Anyway, they have an election today, and there’s a good possibility that the Pirate Party, founded on-line in the post 2008 period and led by female poet named Brigitta Jonsdottir could end up in a leading role in one or another version of a governing coalition. Of course, before we get too excited, we should remember that despite an average electoral turnout of 80%, young people tend to blow off elections at a very high rate and the Pirate Party is a youth party, so… 
Selling tranches of fish futures driving Astons around Reykjavik in Trump designer suits under their seal skins. 
I suspect the reason why young people don’t turn out for elections is because they don’t remember how badly things can go. How hard can it be to run a country is a question asked by outsiders; how bad can it be is a question asked by those who don’t remember; what’s the worst thing that can happen is the one asked by well-insulated dipshits who should watch some footage of the Cultural Revolution in China interspersed with Triumph of the Will and 1984. 
It’s possible that for Iceland and Europe as a whole, 2008 is close enough to encourage people to remember; and, since Iceland is limited from the Nationalist and Corporatist hysteria facing the UK and the rest of the EU, they might be able to avoid the Fascist tinge to so much…after all, I think their platform, for a center-right party is to the left of Bernie Sanders. Hope so. Related Posts:",0
4195,"TV Viewership Falls in N.F.L. and Premier League: A Blip, or Something Worse? - The New York Times","The two most successful sports leagues in the world, which bring in billions of dollars in revenue, the biggest corporate sponsors and mammoth audiences every game day, are now sharing an altogether different experience: The National Football League and the English Premier League are enduring startling,   declines in television viewership this season. Viewership through the first seven weeks of the N. F. L. season is down by 12 percent in the United States while the audiences for Premier League soccer matches this season, which began in August, are down by nearly 20 percent in Britain. The trends that drove viewers away from other programs on broadcast television in recent years, including   and DVRs, had not punished the N. F. L. and the Premier League in the same way. Fans  —   lots and lots of them  —   did not seem willing to look away. They are now, in numbers that are alarming for the leagues, which have grown used to fans’ tuning in in good times and bad, and for the networks, some of which have spent   sums for the rights to broadcast the games. Viewership for N. F. L. games on CBS on Thursday nights, on NBC on Sunday nights and on ESPN on Monday nights is down by as much as 21 percent. “We have been led to believe the N. F. L. and E. P. L. were immune to these trends, but it turns out they aren’t,” said Rick Gentile, a former CBS Sports executive producer who now runs the Seton Hall University sports poll. “This isn’t a fatal blow, but it is a   call. ” While it may be too early to fully determine whether the declines are a hiccup or a serious setback, they are large enough to prompt league executives and team owners to confront the uncomfortable possibility that their leagues have hit their peak. Publicly, the leagues contend that their businesses are fundamentally sound and that any declines in ratings have been caused by temporary factors, like the raucous presidential campaign season in the United States and the lack of a compelling story line in the Premier League, which last season got a jolt from Leicester City, the ultimate    champion. Viewing habits, the leagues say, will rebound. “We recognize that network television is still dominant, and we believe it’s going to be dominant going forward,” Roger Goodell, the N. F. L. ’s commissioner, said last week. “And it’s where the vast majority of our fans view our games. It’s a great experience, the advertising market is incredibly strong, and I think that our ratings are something that we’ll continue to look at and make sure we’re doing everything not just to get them to tune in but to get them to stay tuned in. ” Industry observers, though, point to a stew of   trends, like younger audiences’ eschewing subscription television packages in favor of free content on the internet. That could erode the leagues’ business models, which rely heavily on television networks that pay tens of billions of dollars to broadcast their games. The leagues may also be responsible for some of the slide by expanding their schedules into more days of the week, eroding the exclusivity that once made their games   TV. “Among other things, oversaturation is definitely an issue,” Mr. Gentile said. If ratings rebound later in the football and soccer seasons, as the leagues predict, the power of live, unscripted sporting events will be affirmed. But for now, the   does not feel like a blip. Recent games illustrated the N. F. L. ’s problem. On Sunday afternoon, CBS’s national broadcast of the New England Patriots’   win over the Pittsburgh Steelers attracted 21. 7 million viewers, 11 percent fewer than the comparable game in 2015. On Sunday night on NBC, 17. 7 million viewers saw a   tie between the Seattle Seahawks and the Arizona Cardinals, down 14 percent from the game played in that slot last year. Viewership for Monday night’s game on ESPN between the Denver Broncos, the defending Super Bowl champions, and the Houston Texans was down by 8 percent, slowing a   slide. Fans have tuned out the N. F. L. in previous presidential cycles, too. Dating to 1996, ratings had fallen by 2 percent to 10 percent in the games before Election Day, compared with 17 percent this time, according to N. F. L. figures. There is more at work, though. The lack of marquee matchups and the absences of stars like Patriots quarterback Tom Brady and Minnesota Vikings running back Adrian Peterson are to blame, said Artie Bulgrin, senior vice president for global research and analytics at ESPN. “Universally, across the board,” he said, “the N. F. L. networks believe the schedules are not as strong. ” Mike Mulvihill, senior vice president for programming and research at Fox Sports, said that audiences were down not just because fans were watching fewer games but because they were watching less of the games they tuned in to. That, he said, may be a function of the elections as viewers switch to cable news channels while games are on. On Sunday afternoons this season, CNN, Fox News and MSNBC have had their audiences grow by more than a million viewers. Then there are factors that have a    impact, like the N. F. L. ’s continuing   struggles involving issues like domestic violence, brain trauma and national anthem protests. “They have largely been side issues, but even if it is a psychic toll, it’s hard to have that much of a drumbeat without their having some effect,” said Robert Boland, director of the sports administration program at Ohio University. The leagues are grappling with an even larger problem of their own making: too much football and soccer. To grab bigger audiences and more rights fees, the leagues have spread their games across more days of the week, to 9:30 a. m. starts on Sundays and Thursday night matchups in the N. F. L. and to Friday nights, as well as Saturdays, Sundays and Mondays, in the Premier League. Sky Sports and BT now offer more soccer to customers than ever before, with Sky permitted to broadcast 10 Friday night Premier League games this season. BT shows a Premier League match on Saturdays, with European competition filling the schedule on alternate Tuesdays, Wednesdays and Thursdays. Publicly, both broadcasters say they are unconcerned by their ratings and do not believe the market is oversaturated. Sky Sports described the ratings decline as a “premature comparison,” noting that the figures did not include a number of   matches, like the showdown between Liverpool and Manchester United. Still, the numbers collated by the Broadcasters’ Audience Research Board in Britain are startling  —   not only the 19 percent decline for Premier League matches but also the slide in viewership for Champions League matches, which included a 40 percent drop on one Tuesday evening. (Viewership for the Premier League in the United States, which had swelled for three years, has fallen by 17 percent on NBCSN and 18 percent on NBC.) The pressure is on because both Sky Sports and BT have made televised soccer the crucial battleground in their contest to win customers for their television, phone and internet packages. The bidding war between the companies pushed the Premier League’s rights deal for the domestic British market to 5. 134 billion pounds ($6. 279 billion) over the course of three seasons, starting this year. BT has paid an additional 937 million pounds ($1. 15 billion) for the rights to the Champions League and the Europa League, Europe’s elite competitions. The cost of the packages, though, has pushed fans to seek out illegal streaming websites and forced Premier League executives into a race to shut them down. Mike Girling, a Liverpool fan who canceled his personal Sky subscription this season, spoke for many frustrated fans. “It wasn’t value for money anymore,” he said. “I found that I was only watching Liverpool games and was paying 80 or 90 pounds a month for it. ” Mr. Girling, a pub owner, acknowledged that the “ease and proliferation” of streams for Liverpool games  —   in high definition, with English commentary  —   made them an appealing alternative when he could not attend a match being broadcast on Sky. He has even considered canceling at least one of the four subscriptions at his pubs, which cost about $1, 800 a month for each bar. “It does not bring customers in as much as it used to,” he said. “It doesn’t make economic sense anymore. ”",0
